The Seven Arts 1.1 (1916-11) , made THE SEVEN ARTS AMERICA AND THE ARTS By Romain Rolland NOVEMBER, 1916 25 Cents Scribner Fall Publications The Melancholy Tale of "Me" My Remembrances By E. H. SOTHERN This is a volume of autobiographic reminiscences of the celebrated actor, in the pages of which are presented, with an extraordinary sympathy and skill, most of the leaders in the dramatic world of, say, the last half-century, including, of course, the author's famous father. Profusely Illustrated $3.50 net. A Sheaf By JOHN GALSWORTHY Author of "The Freelands," "The Patrician," "The Dark Flower," etc., etc. Under this title Mr. Galsworthy has gathered another volume of his thoughtful, sympathetic and beautiful essays and sketches—fellows of those which in "The Inn of Tranquility" and "A Motley" have attracted to him readers as warmly attached as those of his fiction. $1.50 net. Poe's Helen By CAROLINE TICKNOR A book, based largely upon new material of value, devoted to the romance between Edgar Allen Poe and Mrs. Sarah Helen Whitman, their engagement, its breaking, etc.—in short, the whole Whitman episode in Poe's life. Illustrated. $1.50 net. A Book About the Theater By BRANDER MATTHEWS An expert on the dramatic art and play production has here given a most informing and popular book about every aspect of the art and business of the stage. Illustrated. $2.50 net. Unfinished Portraits Stories of Artists and Musicians By JENNETTE LEE These are stories of some of the greatest of the world's artists and composers, in some cases based upon rumored or legendary incidents of their lives. $1.25 net. The Clan of Munes The true story of the wonderful New Tribe of Fairies discovered by the distinguished marine painter. FREDERICK JUDD WAUGH With 47 pictures of their trials and adventures. $2.50 net. Our Hispanic Southwest By ERNEST PEIXOTTO He begins with a delightful chapter on New Orleans, whence he goes to San Antonio, the old Texan capital, and after a review of its historic background he sets out for the real Southwest—Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona—every considerable place in which vast area he visited with a delight he passes on to the reader. Illustrated. $2.50 net. Hawaii Scenes and Impressions By KATHARINE FULLERTON GEROULD Author of "Vain Oblations," "The Great Tradition," etc. The Hawaiian Islands of today, their climate and the vegetation it produces; their customs and government; their Americanization, and especially, the people who live there—native Oriental, and American—are here described. Illustrated from Photographs. $1.50 net. In Dickens's London By F. HOPKINSON SMITH The wide popularity of this book of Dickens scenes wh'ich so perfectly combines the literary and artistic talents of Mr. Hopkinson Smith has demanded a new and cheaper edition. The publishers have re-sponded with this volume, which includes all of the twenty-four full-page illustrations of the original edition. New edition at lower price. Illustrated. $2.00 net. CHARLES SCRIBNER'S SONS FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK The Seven Arts "There will soon be another magazine in America and, to paraphrase, "Gosh! how we need it"! . . Such an organ as this should serve a most valuable purpose. . . . Native work can hardly be said to have had any recognized home of its own. To no one o?gan have we been able to turn and get a clear impression of what the complexion of our native writing, picturing and music making was, "In the 'Seven Arts' we shall have such an organ. There the live American artist may bring his offerings. There the lover of the arts can find out what his contemporaries—that is to say, those workers who are not imitating other times and climes—are doing. The new magazine will be issued from New York, and it is our earnest prayer that it may reach wherever two or three are gathered together thruout this country, and even be a witness for us in foreign lands." Chicago Evening Post. The Seven Arts 132 Madison Ave., New York. I enclose $2.50 by (check) (cash) (money order) for one year's subscription to "The Seven Arts." Name.................................................. Address .... ........................... A Group of Century Poets WAR AND LAUGHTER By James Oppenheim A NEW VOLUME of poems by this well-known pioneer of the free verse movement, whose "Songs for the New Age" have been called by The Boston Transcript "a milestone in our poetic progress." Mr. Oppenheim is one of the few who have wrought vers lihre into a real music. "War and Laughter" is, as our reader says, "as invigorating as a blustery bath in the surf." Price $1.25 net SONGS FOR THE NEW AGE By James Oppenheim Unconventional, full of fire, alive with earnest and eager desire to cut to the heart of things. "Mr. Oppenheim is a tonic to those who accept, a challenge to those who reject him."—Louisville Courier-Journal. Price SI.20 net THE NIGHT COURT AND OTHER VERSE By Ruth Comfort Mitchell A collection of poems, written with vigor and delicacy, and informed throughout by the spirit of communal sympathy. The volume is concluded by a poetic play, a poignant episode from life in San Francisco's Chinatown. Price $1.00 net CHALLENGE By Louis Untermeyer Poems that express with overflowing force and vitality the spirit of the new age. "No other contemporary poet has more independently and imperiously voiced the dominant thought of the times."—Philadelphia North American. Price SI.00 net Merchants From Cathay By William Rose Benet Whimsical romantic ballads, melodious and delicate lyrics, and thoughtful poetic studies of life's problems; by one of the most distinguished of the younger poets. "A book of real poetry, musical, imaginative, vigorous."—Nenv York Times. Price SI.20 net THE CENTURY CO., 353 Fourth Ave., NEW YORK fall DISTINCTIVE NEW BOOKS 1916 THE WORN DOORSTEP BY MARGARET SHERWOOD An American girl opens wide the door of her cottage in England to refugees from Belgium—an unusual story. $1.25 net THE THREE THINGS By MARY RAYMOND SHIPMAN ANDREWS A holiday edition of this story that has already sold over 35,000 copies, and has been termed "The greatest story the war has produced". $1.00 net By VIRGINIA ROBIE The QUEST of the QUAINT A volume which should prove invaluable for the collectors of curios, old furniture, bandboxes, glassware, etc. Illustrated, $2.00 net. A LITTLE BOOK OF FRIENDS By HARRIET PRESCOTT SPOFFORD The personalities of such women as Louise Chandler Moulton, Gail Hamilton, Celia Thaxter, and many others. $1.25 net A NEW ENGLAND CHILDHOOD By MARGARET FULLER The childhood and youth of Edmond Clarence Stedman, poet. $1.50 net COMING NOV. 11 THE INTELLIGENCE OF WOMEN A Remarkable collection of essays on feminism. $1.25 net. By W. L. GEORGE Send for Free Booklets "Books on the Drama"—"Holliday Catalog"—"Fall List" LITTLE, BROWN and COMPANY, Publishers, BOSTON, MASS. THE SEVEN ARTS NOVEMBER, 1916. Page COVER DESIGN Charles Rollo Peters, Jr. 3 SIMPLY SUGAR-PIE Barry Benefield 15 THE SAINTS OF SAN ATOLL Allen Upward 22 THE SON Katherine Baker 25 THE BONFIRE Robert Frost 29 CAGED Jean Starr Unterrneyer 30 FLOTSAM Amy Lowell 32 NIGHT AND THE MADMAN Kahlil Gibran 34 THE CHILD OF GOD Louise Driscoll 47 AMERICA AND THE ARTS Romain Rolland 52 EDITORIALS 57 ENTERPRISE Van Wyck Brooks 61 "291 FIFTH AVENUE" Peter Minuit 66 "LAZY" VERSE James Oppenheim 73 EMERGING GREATNESS Waldo Frank 79 THE DANCE Louis Unterrneyer 82 SHAW AND RELIGION Floyd Dell 89 THE AMERICAN COMPOSER Paul Rosenfeld 95 A PREFACE TO THE DECEMBER NUMBER Subscription price, payable in advance, in the United States and Territories, $2.50 per year; Canada, $3.00; Foreign, $3.50. Published monthly on the first. All subscriptions' filled from the New York office. The Seven Arts Publishing Co. reserves the right to reject any subscription taken contrary to its eelling terms and to refund the unexpired credit. Manuscripts must be submitted at author's risk, with return postage. Second Class Entry in the New York Post Office, and the Post Office at Ottawa, Canada, applied for. Address all subscriptions and business communications to THE SEVEN ARTS PUBLISHING CO., INC., 132 Madison Ave. N. Y. A. K. Rankine, President A. J. Leverton, Business Manager E. M. Meek, Secretary-Treasurer THREE NOTABLE BOOKS ROBERT FROST'S New Volume of Poetry MOUNTAIN INTERVAL By the Author of "North of Boston" and "A Boy's Wilt'. $1.30 net. In 'Mountain Interval' again, Mr. Frost writes of rural New England to express more than New England. We have here the memorable and native qualities of "North of Boston," that rich and simple language, the sharp revelation of character, a clarity of vision translated into a speech that is as colorful as it is colloquial. The new volume, however, marks an advance, a performance and a promise beyond that toward which "A Boy's Will" and "North of Boston" might have seemed to be converging. A new element is here—a happy undercurrent, a warmer, an even more direct human appeal. The groups of lyrics, for instance, give it an even greater singing power than that of "A Boy's Will." The whole volume is permeated with a new music and mellowness. The humor, too, is perhaps more obviously that of people who have felt a certain gaiety beneath the grim facts of life. It is these things no less than Mr. Frost's perception of the dignity of the casual, the beauty which is inherent in the fact that mark this new volume. Ready Nov. 2nd. ROMAIN ROLLAND'S Great Trilogy JEAN-CHRISTOPHE Translated by Gilbert Cannan. Complete in three volumes. Each $1.50net. "In Jean-Christophe," says The Boston Transcript, "Romain-Rolland raised a monument to literature, and the reward of the world's esteem was bestowed upon him with a unanimity which has probably had no parallel." Note: Jean-Christophe is now available in a fine binding, three-quarters red morocco, boxed. Sold in sets only. $7.50 net. DOROTHY CANFIELD'S Story of An American Girl THE BENT TWIG (9th large printing, $1.35 net) "Read i and e glad."—J. B. KERFOOT, in Everybody's. "Among the best fiction of this or any season."— N. Y. Times. HENRY HOLT AND COMPANY 34 West 33d St. New York Simply Sugar Pie By Barry Benefield SUGAR PIE carried the last of the three weekly washin's to its owner early Saturday afternoon, and having bought some supplies at a drug store and a grocery store she set out, stumbling wearily along, for her shanty on the ragged southern edge of the little Louisiana town. Though Crebil-lon had, within the previous five years, increased its population from three hundred to a thousand, chiefly through an influx of derrick and pipe men from Illinois and Pennsylvania having to do with a few oil wells that had been developed in the swampy land on the north side of the town, yet out where Sugar Pie lived there were only five or six one-room shanties. Then came the circling pine forest. On the way home the young negro woman stopped at one of the neighboring shanties and talked earnestly for some time with old Aunt Viney Lane, who promised to come over right after supper and stay through the night. December's chill wind, wetted by the swamps on the other side of the railroad track, cut cruel and hard through the air; and as soon as Sugar Pie reached home she began carrying in from the wood-pile all the sticks that could possibly be gotten into her wide-mouthed fireplace, and all the chips and bark she could fumble into her apron. She was too weak now to wield the axe. Not waiting for the falling night, she fried some bacon and cooked a corn-pone in the skillet, and crawled into bed. [3] Simply Sugar Pie There had been two things about Sugar Pie Pickett in her life of twenty-one years that had aroused enough interest in the four or five little towns she had successively loved as home to justify detailed explanation—her name and the shiny, puckered scar in the middle of her right cheek, and in consequence she was very proud of them. A spider having bitten her when a baby, her superstitious mother, fearing that the bite meant death unless heroic action were taken at once, had rubbed caustic laundry lye on her face to kill the poison. As for her name, nearly all negro babies are called Sugar Pie at first; but that name of loving infancy, perhaps because of her eternally amiable expression, had stuck to her so long now that she had forgotten her more properly Christian name. No one, not even she herself, troubled to remember the surname Pickett as either useful or decorative; so that universally she was, and had always been, simply Sugar Pie. She lay still in bed, though with her muscles straining tight in the suspense of an awful fear and a tender passionate yearning, one moment staring at the dying fire out to her left, the next at the dying day outside the calico-curtained window to her right. "Lawdy, Lawdy, I wisht Aunt Viney would come on," she moaned to herself more and more often as the cold damp night closed in on her from within and from without. Sugar Pie kept telling herself that she would get up in a minute or two and put some wood on the fire, for there would be need of a good blaze for Aunt Viney that night. The little red flames flickered down shorter, and grew weakly paler, until finally they were barely strong enough to cast a ghastly, staggering shadow out to the edge of the rough stone hearth; and Sugar Pie dozed off into a pained, uneasy slumber. She woke up with a guilty, jumpy start, looking quickly toward the fireplace. The room was black with a thick, icy [4] Barry Benefield darkness; there was not even a shadow over the hearth. All she could see out to the left was a single evil-eyed live coal leering at her from a dimly illumined pile of gray ashes. It came to her that someone was, and had been for a good while, knocking furtively at her locked front door. "Sugar Pie, Sugar Pie, wake up," she heard Aunt Viney's voice calling, and she was vaguely aware of a note of warning secrecy in it. "Is you 'wake now, honey?" Sugar Pie tried to raise her voice to explain that she couldn't get up to unlock the front door, and would Aunt Viney go around to the back door and push right hard on it and come on in; but her words trailed off into an unintelligible moan. Anyway, the old woman outside was talking on faster, the excitement in her tone overcoming the fear. "Wake up, chile, wake up," Aunt Viney kept calling insistently. "Jerry Cole—you know dat nigger whut drove Dr. Forchaux's buggy—Jerry shot Constable Larkin to-night, 'count of a crap game Mr. Larkin was tryin' to stop; an' dey done hung Jerry to a telegraft pole. Den dem oil men said to run out all de niggers an' make dis a white man's town, like dat New Era place is. "Dey done started in on de folks on de yuther side of town. Dey burned Jim Nix's house smack to de groun' 'cause he shot at 'em, an' he scarcely got out with his hide. Some folks is gone on down de railroad track fas' as dey can; some is on de dirt road makin' for Myrtle Manor. Hit ain't but twenty miles away. Plenty of niggers dere; hit's a farmers' town. Is you hearin' me, honey?" Sugar Pie groaned for answer. "Dey is comin' on down heah next," the trembling voice of the old woman outside ran on more and more excitedly. "Me an' Hannah Lucky is goin' out by de dirt road toward Myrtle Manor, but we ain't goin' to have time to take nothin' 'cept a little somethin' to eat. You reckon, honey, you could make [5]Simply Sugar Pie our to git up an'—" The words beyond the locked door broke off suddenly, and Sugar pie heard the scuffle of Aunt Viney's loosely dragging shoes running across her hard front yard. Then she distinguished the explanation of her flight—a low buzzing hum of voices moving across the grassy flat between the main section of the town and this ragged edge on which she and several other negroes lived. The mob was coming. Once Sugar Pie had seen two bodies hanging under a railroad trestle early in the morning. They had been there all night, and the necks were stretched out to a hideously unnatural length. Always after that, whenever she recalled the event, she could see plainly, between two heads and two bodies the outlines of which were never clear in her memory, those two long, terrifyingly thin necks that no time could ever dim. Timid, her imagination inflamed by centuries of superstitious thinking, her nerves burning and twisting with fear and pain, the young negro woman there on the bed went through all the torturing horrors of hanging and burning at the stake while the low buzzing voices covered a mere hundred yards of ground coming across the grassy flat. Suddenly all the terrors that her mind was seeing and her body suffering were swept away by a swift convulsive agony of gigantic pain. It wrenched and lifted her up and half out of bed. Once only she screamed into the sooty, smothering darkness above her, and then fell back on the pillow, mercifully bereft of consciousness. On Monday morning the door of the shanty opened, and Sugar Pie stepped slowly out on the ground. Though it was seven o'clock, the winter sun so far had merely lightened somewhat the eastern section of the sky, whose bedraggled edges sagged down heavily around the shivering earth. Putting out her left hand to the rough board wall to steady herself, Sugar Pie walked effortfully a few feet, then stopped, leaning her head weakly against the shanty. [6] Barry Benefield "I got to cook somethin'," she kept saying to herself. "I got to cook somethin' to git some stren'th from, else I cain't make out to do it." A man passing along the path in front of her fenceless yard saw her and halted. "Why, Sugar Pie, haven't you left town yet?" he called. "Your house was all closed yesterday, an' there wasn't any smoke comin' out of the chimney; so ever'body thought you had got out Saturday night with the others. They tarred an' feathered ole Mary Nimmo because she stayed behind to catch up her four chickens. Three or four of you' all's houses have already been burnt down; the rest will go pretty soon, to keep you all from tryin' to come back, or wantin' to. That's the way it's done these days, with a lot of new men comin' in from ever'wheres. We used to lynch a man now an' then for doin' the worst thing, but we never bothered the innocent ones. Better watch out, Sugar Pie." Sugar Pie recognized the voice as that of Dick Walters, Cre-billon's night watchman, now on his way home, a couple of miles out of town. Grateful for the kindness of his tone, she turned and raised her head to say she was obleeged to him for tellin' her; but he had walked on. 'Oh, I'll be gone befo' dinner-time," she tried to call. Her voice was so strangely thin and feeble that it appeared comical to her, and she summoned one of her good-natured old smiles for her own benefit. It lit up her face, slightly contorting the right side of it where the shiny scar was; and then gradually faded out. "I got to cook somethin' to git some stren'th from," she murmured; and moved toward the corner of the house, and turned it. "Whew!" she whispered, drawing back from the teeth of the north wind. "Hit shore is cold." Waiting a few minutes behind the protecting south side of the house to gather her courage and strength, she walked stag- [7] Simply Sugar Pie geringly on to the wood-pile by the well. Out of habit she picked up the axe, but her trembling hands let the cold, slippery handle slide through them. Kneeling on the ground, she filled her apron with chips and splinters and bark, rose unsteadily to her feet, reeled back to the house, and got inside, pushing the dragging door tightly into place. After a while a little smoke curled out of her mud-and-stick chimney. Three or four men passing along the path in front of her yard heard bacon sizzling over a poor fire. Each of them stopped, looked inquiringly at the house, frowned, walked on. Along about 9 o'clock the sagging door was again dragged open, and Sugar Pie stepped out with something of her old briskness. The food had begun filtering heat and strength through her. She stood on the hard, white ground, staring wistfully back at the shanty. Suspended from around her shoulders by a stout string was a tin bucket, and in her arms she carried a bundle wrapped in a red shawl. Sugar Pie was ready to obey the law of the mob. Except for what she wore on her body and bore in her arms, all the things, useful and necessary and merely dear, that she owned in the world were back there in the shanty and out there in the yard. She regretted most a pair of green vases that a grateful customer had given her one Christmas, and the black clothes-boiling pot, with both its ears knocked off, out there in the yard by the well. Her mother had used it before her; it was a good pot, it boiled quickly. The shanty and everything in it would probably be burned down within a week. Where Aunt Viney's home had been there was now nothing except the half-burned body of the locust tree that had shaded her house. "Tst!" Sugar Pie clicked at herself through her teeth impatiently. "I got to be movin' on now; I got to finish it befo' dis day is done." [8] Barry Benefield Sighing deeply, she gathered the bundled red shawl closer to her, and, turning, walked from her yard and out along the path across the flat land, the wet wind behind her pasting her thin calico dress close against her legs so that she had to step slowly and carefully lest she stumble and fall and drop the red-shawled bundle. Out in front of her the sweep of close-cropped grass, still tipped with the morning's icy hoar frost, was unbroken except here and there by a round pond, where boys caught crawfish in the spring, and by little dark patches and criss-crossed lanes made by the feet of frolicing calves, and by an occasional stately file of tame ducks or geese on their way to the festal ponds. Sugar Pie saw a small company of geese crossing her path. One of them had been brave enough to bring off a brood in the autumn. Surrounded by her flock of fluffy yellow toddlers, the old white goose passed the young black woman with the unhurried dignity of majestic motherhood. Sugar Pie turned her eyes away, pulled the red-shawled bundle hard against her, and stumbled on, holding her head down. Straight out across the grassy flat was the town's graveyard. Because Sugar Pie could not walk fast it was some time before she reached the fence of upright pickets with sharp points. Leaning her head against the white-washed barrier, she gazed in a long time at the neat, gray mounds. It was not a large cemetery, not so large even as Mansfield's, where she had last lived, and there were few marble tombstones in it; but everything was very clean inside there, and quiet, and safe, and there were a good many cedar trees, and flower bushes that would be sweet and pretty when the spring came on. Yes, it would be mighty nice in there. Sugar Pie closed her eyes, as if in pain, hugging the red-shawled bundle protectingly closer up into her arms. After a while she walked down along the fence, took another [9] Simply Sugar Pie longing look in from the corner, and struck out directly westward, away from Crebillon, towards the circling pine forest. Once behind the trees, she turned north, crossed the railroad track, and came finally to the dirt road leading to Myrtle Manor, twenty miles west. Settling down to a slow but steady gait, she followed that on. By noon she had not travelled quite beyond the reach of the drilling engine whistles, signalling the glad time for dinner. Through the woods they came to her dimmed and softened by the melancholy magic of distance, awaking a yearning homesickness for the town that had driven her out. Sugar Pie judged that she was four or five miles from Crebillon, far enough away for safety, anyhow; and she decided to make a stop here. The ground had been gradually rising higher as she had come westward. Out to the left rose a gentle hill, thickly carpeted with the brown straw of several seasons' shedding, shrouded in the semi-darkness of the grisly gray sky and the closely-set pines. If she went up a good distance on the hill, no one could see her from the road, and she could eat and then do what she had planned. Halfway up the hill her strength seemed to give out entirely; but she rested a few minutes, then climbed on to and over the top, stopping eight or nine yards on the farther side of it. She sank down under a high pine tree, leaning back against the bole of it, holding the red-shawled bundle in the hollow of her lap to rest her tired arms. But the air was icy cold, and soon she stirred herself to make a fire. Rising, she laid her burden tenderly on a heap of straw at the foot of the tree, and unstrung the tin bucket from around her shoulders. She gathered some pine knots, and with the ease of an expert started a leaping little red blaze. Sitting down again, and wrapping her arms around her knees, she stared into the fire, now and then unlocking her hands and holding [10] Barry Benefield them up before it to catch quickly in her thin-skinned palms as much heat as possible for her numbed arms. Presently she drew to her the tin bucket and pulled off its top. Having taken out a knife and fork, she emptied out all at once on the straw the other contents of the pail. The three twisted pieces of bacon were covered thickly with congealed gray grease, and the heavy, solid corn-pone was speckled with black ashes. Sugar Pie looked at the food for a minute, then pushed it aside with surprised disgust, put down the knife and fork, and stared again into the fire, occasionally sweeping the hill as far as she could see with her big, round eyes. The rushing life of the warm months was gone from the woods. Of the millions and millions of katydids and crickets that then seemed always everywhere fiddling away on their same sad song, not one now lifted a tiny signal above the horizon of the lower silence. Except for the changeless pines, all the trees were without or losing their leaves. Far down the hill one stubborn old blackgum yet held a few tatters of its crimson autumn robe. Out to her left two or three scattered hickories drooped in pale thin gold that seemed to be dissolving into the thick wet air. No sounds of birds were in the middle distance of the humbler trees. Away up above Sugar Pie's head, where the gray clouds writhed and twisted between contending winds, and only a little distance below them, it seemed to her, the dark-headed pines swayed slowly back and forth moaning in long-drawn whispers. After a while Sugar Pie roused herself with a determined effort, and got hurriedly to her feet. Having replenished the fire, she inspected the ground all around beneath her tree. Finally she came to a decision, halted, sank down on her knees, and scraped away the straw with the knife and fork, laying bare the soft black earth. Marking off a careful rectangle, she began to dig. With the knife and fork she loosened the ground; with her hands she lifted it out into a single regular [11] Simply Sugar Pie pile by the side of the slowly deepening hole. It was not a very large hole that Sugar Pie was digging there, and yet she did not get along very fast with it, for the tools she used were small and weak, and she was very anxious about the evenness of its edges, and then with more and more frequency as she worked along she would stop, throw her apron back over her head and sit all hunched up, her shoulders shaking, pressing her hands, still holding the knife and fork, hard against her heart. Along about three o'clock, though, Sugar Pie rose to her feet, and going up to the foot of the tree unwound the red-shawled bundle and lifted out on the straw a tiny naked baby, almost white, long stiff in death, his clenched little fists arrested forever halfway to eyes that had never opened. Sugar Pie went back to the hole and put the red shawl down in it first, folding the edges smoothly out over the sides. Then she put in a piece of an old white blanket; and finally, a big blue handkerchief. It had a hole in one corner of it, but it was silk. All the time as she went about this last business Sugar Pie kept biting at her lip, and every now and then she would say almost fiercely to herself, "Naw, naw, don't you do it now, don't you do it. Wait; time 'nough then." Presently, standing up, she walked forward to the baby, gathered him silently into her arms, and moved back to the cushioned hole in the soft black earth, kneeling there. She kissed him, and hugged him so close and so long away up in her arms that he seemed to her to be melting into her again, shutting her eyes tight and rocking her bent body waveringly back and forth. After a while, biting at her lip and often shaking her head violently as if to throw off something that was weakening her for the work in hand, she laid the baby tenderly down into the hole. She tried to straighten out the fingers and the crooked arms; but she soon saw that it was not for her to smooth those [12] Barry Benefield clenched little fists, so she let them alone, and folded in over them the edges of the blue silk handkerchief and the white blanket and the red shawl. Sugar Pie remembered several funerals that she had seen, and she was resolved to give to this one of her baby whatever of ceremonial pomp she could accomplish. Crawling over to the fire, she got a handful of cool ashes, and dragged herself back to the hole in the ground. Filling the other hand with dirt, she raised them both over the infant dead and let some ashes and then some sod fall on the multi-colored shroud. "Ashes to ashes, Lawd," she said, stopping to gulp. "Dus' to dus', Lawd." Chewing cruelly at her lip and shaking her head with more violent determination than ever, Sugar Pie began moving by tiny handfuls the loose earth in on and over the body, crumbling the sod fine to make it fall softly. All at once she remembered that there had been music at the graveside in the funerals she had seen, so she decided to sing a popular negro hymn, in which new words have been fitted to an old tune. It was her favorite. She began: "Oh, he gwine to hebben on de mawnin' train An' ole Saint Peter gwine to-" But she stopped singing suddenly, bending low her head and covering her face with her hands. After a while she looked up again and went on filling in the grave. "He ought to go to hebben, anyhow," she said. "It ain't none o' his fault whut he is." When the dirt had been filled in and heaped up Sugar Pie set both hands to smoothing it into mounded shape, stooping over frequently to rub her cheek against the cold earth. Though it was hardly more than 4 o'clock, already the darkness was falling thickly amongst the trees. Sugar Pie drew her knees up to her chin, wrapped her arms around them and stared out into the blackening woods. As yet her eyes had [13] Simply Sugar Pie been dry. A gust of wind came rattling across the hillside with the bodies of dead autumn leaves, and one of them, a little figure in red-gold, hovered over the rounded mound, and dropped, and started up again, and then fell back, the wind gone on without it. Seeing that, Sugar Pie bent her head forward and gave herself to the relief that was her due. It was all black in the woods when the distant whistles of dear Crebillon blew for 6 o'clock—for 6 o'clock and the going home of the workmen, and warm suppers, and lights, and laughter and friendliness among themselves. Sugar Pie raised her head eagerly to savor each of the whistles—she could name them all. When they were silent, she stooped over and patted the little mound, and raised herself wearily and went on her slow journey westward. The mob at last was done with Sugar Pie. And with her burden buried, Sugar Pie at last was done with the mob. [ 14 ]The Saints of San Atoll By Allen Upward I HAD been reading a story, a very beautiful and improving story, by a lady, Miss Emmeline Faith Summers, of Upcott, Mass. It was a story, evidently quite true and real, of the early days in California, when good men and women were scarce in those parts, scarcer than they are now, and churches scarcer still. The story was called The Sinners of Hell-Fire Gulch, and it made you feel that you knew all about the place; and that the authoress had been there herself and studied the folks, and written down nothing she couldn't have proved on oath in a court of law. According to this lady, the inhabitants of Hell-Fire Gulch were simply the worst ruffians that ever disgraced their Creator; just the sort that would have been wiped out by a flood, or an earthquake, or a spout of fire and brimstone, a few thousand years ago, in the ordinary course without any one being surprised. They swore and drank and played cards and assassinated their friends pretty much all the time; and it was as likely as not that they did other things that Miss Summers had been compelled to leave out by the editor; it being a Sunday magazine that I read the story in. Well, into the midst of this double-distilled Gomorrah there stumbled one day a strange creature, as strange and unbelievable to those men as if he had just dropped down off the moon. He was, as of course the reader guessed beforehand he would be, a Son of Christian Parents. Every one [15] The Saints of San Atoll knows what a Son of Christian Parents is bound to be like; there is no need to describe him any more; it has been done pretty often. This S. C. P. was exactly like all the others, and had all the frills that they have. He not only never did wrong, never drank nor cursed nor gambled nor took human life himself, but he couldn't even understand wrong—didn't know what sin was when it ran up against him. If he heard a man on a canal-boat say "Bother!" he thought it was Spanish for "dear me"! If you offered him a drink he thought you meant water; he didn't know there was any difference between whisky and water: he had taken the pledge against sherbet and lemonade. As for lynching and murder, he had heard of them in history naturally, had read about them in the Bible maybe; but it was all vague to him, and of course he didn't, wouldn't and couldn't fancy that such things could be in his own happy Christian land. This pure, undiluted, hall-marked angel stalked into Hell-Fire Gulch fondly supposing that it was a Christian village, and that every lost scoundrel in the place was an S. C. P. like himself. And then what happened, according to Miss Emmeline Faith Summers, who evidently believed every word that she wrote, and couldn't have told a lie to a cat? Just because those drunken murderous brutes couldn't bear to disappoint the hero, couldn't endure to come down a peg in his beautiful opinion of them, and own up for what they really were, they one and all swore to pose before him as the saintly crowd he had innocently mistaken them for. They bound themselves to lynch the first man who said anything stronger than "Bless my soul!" in his hearing. They closed up the saloon—the saloon-keeper was given fifteen minutes to start by the Vigilance Committee—and hid their cards. In two days you would have thought you were in a camp-meeting or a Christian Reserve Settlement; it was just Eden, and nothing else. When Sunday came round they luckily remembered it [16] Allen Upward in time, and held three full services; and though the S. C. P. was staggered to find that they hadn't a solitary Testament or hymn-book among them, they managed to lie about it so as not to hurt his feelings. They said they had had to give their books away to the Indians who needed them more than they did. The result naturally was that in less than a fortnight they struck the biggest gold reef ever discovered in California, and built a freestone church, with the hero as pastor at a salary of ten thousand dollars and a manse. Now when I had read that story and came to think it over, I felt a little ashamed. I asked myself—Why is it that sinners like that, men of the very blackest brand, twenty-four carat fiends, can make these splendid self denials, can give up all their tastes and habits and their whole outlook on life out of mere softness to a stranger; and that we Christians can't do likewise? Why should these sublime, these truly heroic, stories of generosity and self-sacrifice always have to be told about sinners? Are sinners the only people capable of unselfishness, and large-minded tolerance, and tact, and consideration for the prejudices of others? It seemed to me that this ought not to be so, and that there should be some instance on record in which Christians had proved themselves capable of kindly feeling and delicacy towards other people. Then all at once I recollected the story, that I had once heard from a New England traveller, the late M. Twain, of Hartford, Conn., whose authority and veracity are alike beyond need of eulogy from me. I have not found it among his collected works, so there can be no harm in my repeating it. San Atoll is a coral island in the Pacific ocean, lying out of the steamer tracks, and consequently not marked in the cheap maps. Its only inhabitants besides the natives, are or were a community of Greek monks. It is lucky they were not monks of any sensitive irritable church, whose followers [17] The Saints of San Atoll would be likely to complain about this story. They were Greek monks; and if this story should be read by any Greek, he can change them into Armenians. Anyhow nothing turns on their exact position in the Monothelite controversy of the sixth or seventh century; the point is that they were men of the purest and holiest piety, who would have been a credit to any Church that ever existed. The monks were not only whitewashed innocents themselves, but they supposed that everybody else, except the natives (who didn't count) were of the same snowy spotlessness. Sin was a thing of which they had no knowledge, as practical knowledge, that is. They had read of such a thing as sermons and books of casuistry and so forth; it was their business in a way to study it on the theoretical side; but it all seemed far-off and misty to them, like descriptions of the sea do to a person who has never seen any more water than there is in a farmer's pond. Of course they would not own this, but pretended to be pretty bad men. Their sins were such things as eating an egg on Friday, or leaving a Hallelujah out of a psalm when they were tired, or feeling cross when the convent bell rang them up in the middle of the night, just as they had settled down in their beauty sleep. They did blood-curdling penances for these tiny, microscopic sins; and if one of them had committed as many as two or three sins in a quarter he would swagger a little over it, and pose before the others as a desperate character who had got fairly started on the Broad Way, and would want some pulling up. They were a little bit inclined to boast, too, when they confessed their sins to each other, and to make themselves out rather more wicked than they really were. Brother Paul would claim that he had been secretly longing to eat something more sustaining than a lettuce or a handful of currants in Lent; and Brother Thomas would try to go one better by de- [18] Allen Upward daring that the Devil had been trying to make him doubt if Methusaleh really lived more than about five or six hundred years. It was a very innocent harmless vanity that made them exaggerate like that. It made them heroes for a time, there's no denying. A monk who could have got the others to believe that he had looked at a native woman without shuddering would have gone down in history, in the history of San Atoll, along with Judas Iscariot and Nero and Mahomet. It was on this Island Heaven, among this troop of anchorites whose goodness and simplicity and unworldliness would have shamed an infant in arms, that a wicked sailor off a tramp pirate schooner chose to go and get wrecked. He was washed ashore with a six-shooter, two decks of cards, an old clay pipe, and a four-gallon cask of rum. He didn't quite know whether he was an Australian or an American or a German, and had never heard where he was born, nor what was his real name, nor whether he had ever had any parents or not. He had been at sea ever since he could remember, didn't know what it felt like to be sober, had been steeped in iniquity up to the roots of his hair always, and thought religion was a Polynesian word. You see it was the same situation, only reversed, as in that story by Miss Emmeline Faith Summers, and in so many other stories,—in too many to be a fair, impartial statement of account as between saint and sinner. I don't know, my informant didn't tell me, if the monks of San Atoll had read those stories, and brooded over them, and felt sick at their one-sidedness and flattery of the sinful classes. It may have been only their natural goodness of heart and unselfishness. But anyhow they responded nobly to the test, and proved once for all that a Christian can be just as magnanimous and considerate and altruistic as the worst scum of a mining camp. From the first moment that the sailor came ashore they set themselves in all sorts of thoughtful ways to make him feel [19] The Saints of San Atoll that he was among friends. The convent chapel was closed in the daytime altogether. The monks went on holding services at night, but they muffled the bell so as not to disturb their guest, and pattered downstairs on their bare feet. They kept the services secret, too, for fear they should seem to be showing off and setting themselves as more righteous than he was; and after a time they felt that even this was not enough, they could not help feeling that they were better than the poor fellow; so they gave up the services altogether. On Friday nothing but meat was brought into the refectory, and they gorged themselves to repletion. They even took the trouble to provide pork, on the off chance that the sailor might be a bad Mahometan or Jew. Of course they did penance afterwards; the abbot was obliged to order a whole cargo of hairshirts and scourges, the monks wore them out so fast; till it occurred to them that even this was a form of self-righteousness, and they gave up the penances as well. They took to cards the first day. The orphan taught them loo and poker, and taught them how to cheat at both, and it was surprising how quickly they picked it up, and won his pipe and his six-shooter and his rum from him, besides every cent in his pocket. The money on the island was cowrie shells, and they had soon won all the cowrie shells, and had to adopt a fresh coinage of shark's teeth and oyster shells to be able to go on playing. They drank the rum as fast as they won it, and when it was all gone they went on making believe to reel about in the most natural manner, and trying by all sorts of affectionate tricks to keep the poor shipwrecked man from feeling lonely and strange. One of them even found out a way to distill the juice of the cocoanuts on the island, and after that they kept the natives hard at work gathering the nuts and distilling them all day, including Sundays. They gambled on Sundays, too, and for higher stakes than on week days. The abbot himself won the sailor's nickel watch on a Sunday and won it on a marked card. [20] Allen Upward My informant did not go into details about all the sins that the devoted brethren committed in their anxiety to soothe the exile, and no doubt there were some that they left out through sheer ignorance. But they did their best. They established slavery on San Atoll, and bought and sold the natives to each other, separating husbands from their wives, and mothers from their children in the most heart-rending manner. They would have murdered a few natives if the sailor had really wished it, but he declined to lessen the number of hands for the distillery. They did their best, and when at length a missionary steamer arrived at the island, and rescued the poor orphan, he went away with tears in his eyes, declaring that he had had the time of his life, and never wished to find himself among a jollier crew. And the result was all that it should have been, all that the reader has learnt to expect as the natural and certain reward of similar abnegation on the part of the most abandoned of mankind. The report of the monks' piety and their extraordinary kindness to the sinner, was carried to Europe; and every single monk was immediately elected as abbot of a rich monastery in the Levant, while the abbot was made a Patriarch. So this story proves that a Christian community living in the strictest sanctity can show as much gentleness and gracious-ness and appreciation of another's point of view as any gang of ruffians who have ever been praised and patted on the back for similar conduct. I think it is a fit and proper pendant to that charming story by Miss Emmeline Faith Summers, and I am glad to put it on record in the interest of justice and fair play to all. [21] The Son By Katharine Baker THE stout baker toiled up the stair, carrying an armful of bundles. He did not knock at his wife's door. He was not good at polite forms. But he beamed upon her as he set down his parcels and began to clear a table. The wife got up to help him. She had been used to waiting on her man. He waved her back. "You just sit still once," he commanded. "I'll tend to this. We're going to have a supper party together." "You're real foolish about it," she complained. "I ain't so much as been downstairs for two weeks already. I bet you that girl wastes, something wonderful." But she was secretly pleased at her husband's care. He set the table painstakingly, with a white cloth, and a large lamp that had no shade, and glared. There were all kinds of delicatessen in the parcels, only no cakes or bread. The baker's wife had seen enough cakes and bread in her time. They had no thrill left in them for her. The baker was full of jokes, and laughed a great deal, but under his gayety he was keenly watching his wife. She was not beautiful nor young. She was on her way down to the gate where life comes in and goes out. They did not know how near she had drawn to the gate. Two days later the baker, sitting in the next room waiting, with his head in his hands, heard a faint cry. Hardly could he believe that sound. Twenty years he had been married, [22] Katharine Baker and never a child till now. It was a great moment for the baker. Soon came the nurse, and let him in. There was his middle-aged wife. There was the desired little face beside her. With a hot heart, he stooped to touch the child. She sat up, and leaned over it. "Well," she said, smiling, "you ought to be satisfied now. There's your son at last. A regular little Dutchman." She fell back on her pillow. "She feels bad," he suggested to the nurse. But he was mistaken. She was dead. You could not expect a man to realize that. He sat down in a kind of stupid amazement, while other people became very busy in his house. The wife was gone. There was no doubt about it. They put him out of the room once more, but he would not be parted from the new-born son. "What makes the child's hands and feet such a bright blue?" someone asked the nurse. She said it was often so. The circulation would start up better presently. But it did not. In a few hours they took the baby back to its mother to stay. After a while the baker could see his wife again. This did not seem to be the same woman at all. She had been rather fat and untidy. Now she wore a shroud of the finest white satin, and lay in a satin-lined coffin, which the undertaker called a casket. He was a pompous undertaker, and walked about in squeaking shoes. It was a pity the baker's wife could not see that satin dress. She had not been married in anything half so splendid. There was the baby's little face also, beside her in the coffin. He was not a pretty child. Lots of babies that nobody wants are much nicer to look at. But he was the baker's only son, and the father had longed for him these twenty years. [23]The Son There they both were, in the coffin. He gazed at them through blind eyes. He fancied he heard the faint cry again that had made his heart so hot. He took the baby's hand in his with fearful hope. It was cold, like a little stone. Then he turned and went back to the room where he had waited, and sat with his head in his hands. The wasteful girl came up to ask about the shop. What should she do, since nothing must be sold today? "Send for the poor," he directed. "Tell them all to come. Give them the bread and cake and pies, everything. It will be closed. Who knows when it will open?" There was a rusty revolver in the bureau drawer. He was thinking of that. But the girl went down and did as she was told. So the poor had reason to be glad that the baker's little son was dead. [ 24 ] The Bonfire By Robert Frost OH let's go up the hill and scare ourselves, As reckless as the best of them tonight, By setting fire to all the brush we piled With pitchy hands to wait for rain or snow. Oh let's not wait for rain to make it safe. The pile is ours: we dragged it bough on bough Down dark converging paths between the pines. Let's not care what we do with it tonight. Divide it? No! But burn it as one pile The way we piled it. And let's be the talk Of people brought to windows by a light Thrown from somewhere upon their wall-paper. Rouse them all, both the free and not so free With saying what they'd like to do to us For what they'd better wait till we have done. Let's all but bring to life this old volcano, If that is what the mountain ever was— And scare ourselves. Let wild fire loose We will ..." "And scare you too?" the children said. "Why wouldn't it scare me to have a fire Begin in smudge with ropy smoke and know That still, if I repent, I may recall it, But in a moment not: a little spurt [251 The Bonfire Of burning fatness, and then nothing but The fire itself can put it out, and that By burning out, and before it burns out It will have roared first and mixed sparks with stars And sweeping round it with a flaming sword, Made the dim trees stand back in wider circle— Done so much and I know not how much more I mean it shall not do if I can bind it. Well if it doesn't with its draft bring on A wind to blow in earnest from some quarter, As once it did to me upon an April. The breezes were so spent with winter blowing They seemed to fail the bluebirds under them Short of the perch their languid flight was toward; And my flame made a pinnacle to heaven As I walked once round it in possession. But the wind out of doors—you know the saying. There came a gust. You used to think the trees Made wind by fanning since you never knew It blow but that you saw the trees in motion. Something or someone watching made that gust. It put that flame tip-down and dabbed the grass Of overwinter with the least tip-touch Your tongue gives salt or sugar in your hand. The place it reached to blackened instantly. The black was all there was by daylight, That and the merest curl of cigarette smoke— And a flame slender as the hepaticas, Blood-root, and violets so soon to be now. But the black spread like black death on the ground, And I think the sky darkened with a cloud Like winter and evening coming on together. There were enough things to be thought of then. [26] Robert Frost Where the field stretches toward the north And setting sun to Hyla brook, I gave it To flames without twice thinking, where it verges Upon the road, to flames too, though in fear They might find fuel there, in withered brake, Grass its full length, old silver golden-rod, And alder and grape vine entanglement, To leap the dusty deadline. For my own I took what front there was beside. I knelt And thrust hands in and held my face away. Fight such a fire by rubbing not by beating. A board is the best weapon if you have it. I had my coat. And oh, I knew, I knew, And said out loud, I couldn't bide the smother And heat so close in; but the thought of all The woods and town on fire by me, and all The town turned out to fight for me—that held me. I trusted the brook barrier, but feared The road would fail; and on that side the fire Rose till it made a noise of crackling wood— Of something more than tinder grass or weed— That brought me to my feet to hold it back By leaning back myself, as if the reins Were round my neck and I was at the plough. I won. But I'm sure no one ever spread Another color over a tenth the space That I spread coal black over in the time It took me. Neighbors coming home from town Couldn't believe that so much black had come there While they had backs turned, that it hadn't been there When they had passed an hour or so before Going the other way and they not seen it. They looked about for someone to have done it. But there was no one. I was somewhere wondering [27] The Bonfire Where all my weariness had gone and why I walked so light on air in heavy shoes In spite of a scorched Fourth of July feeling. Why shouldn't I be scared remembering that?" "If it scares you, what will it do to us?" "Scare you. But if you shrink from being scared, What would you say to war if it should come? That's what for reasons I should like to know— If you can comfort me by any answer." "Oh, but war's not for children—it's for men." "Now we are digging almost down to China. My dears, my dears, you thought that—we all thought it. So your mistake was ours. Haven't you heard, though, About the ships where war has found them out At sea, about the towns where war has come Through opening clouds at night with droning speed Further o'erhead than all but stars and angels,— And children in the ships and in the towns? Haven't you heard what we have lived to learn? Nothing so new—something we had forgotten: War is for everyone, for children too. I wasn't going to tell you, and I mustn't. The best way is to come up hill with me And have our fire and laugh and be afraid." [28] Caged By Jean Starr Untermeyer I COULD almost see the heat curl, In grinning, evil curves, Up through the narrow court. And I flapped on naked, slippered feet Across the bare floor; And sipped at something cool and drooped kimonoed arms With sick languor. And then I saw you at your window— You, with your damp grey face, In your itching, servant's black, Your swollen fingers heavy on the sill. You gazed dully at the caged canary, Songless on his sticky perch. [29] Flotsam By Amy Lowell SHE sat in a Chinese wicker chair Wide at the top like a spread peacock's tail, And toyed with a young man's heart which she held lightly in her fingers. She tapped it gently, Held it up to the sun and looked through it, Strung it on a chain of seed-pearls and fastened it about her neck, Tossed it into the air and caught it, Deftly, as though it were a ball. Before her on the grass sat the young man. Sometimes he felt an ache where his heart had been, But he brushed it aside. He was intent on gazing, and had no time for anything else. Presently she grew tired and handed him back his heart, But he only laid it on the ground beside him And went on gazing. When the maidservant came to tidy up, She found the heart on the grass. "What a pretty thing," said the maidservant, "It is red as a ruby!" So she picked it up, And carried it into the house, And ran a ribbon through it, [30] Amy Lowell And hung it on the looking-glass in her bedroom. There it hung for many days, Banging back and forth as the wind blew it. [31] Night and The Madman From "The Madman' By Kahlil Gibran "I AM like thee, O, Night, dark and naked; I walk on the flaming path which is above my day-dreams, and whenever my foot touches earth a giant oaktree comes forth." "Nay, thou art not like me, O, Madman, for thou still lookest backward to see how large a foot-print thou leavest on the sand." "I am like thee, O, Night, silent and deep; and in the heart of my loneliness lies a Goddess in child-bed; and in him who is being born Heaven touches Hell." "Nay, thou art not like me, O, Madman, for thou shudderest yet before pain, and the song of the abyss terrifies thee." "I am like thee, O, Night, wild and terrible; for my ears are crowded with cries of conquered nations and sighs of forgotten lands." "Nay, thou art not like me, O, Madman, for thou still takest thy little-self for a comrade, and with thy monster-self thou canst not be friend." "I am like thee, O, Night, cruel and awful; for my bosom is lit by burning ships at sea, and my lips are wet with blood of slain warriors." [32]Kahlil Gibran "Nay, thou art not like me, O, Madman; for the desire for a sister-spirit is yet upon thee, and thou hast not become a law unto thyself." "I am like thee, O, Night, joyous and glad; for he who dwells in my shadow is now drunk with virgin wine, and she who follows me is sinning mirthfully." "Nay, thou art not like me, O, Madman, for thy soul is wrapped in the veil of seven folds and thou holdest not thy heart in thine hand." "I am like thee, O, Night, patient and passionate; for in my breast a thousand dead lovers are buried in shrouds of withered kisses." "Yea, Madman, art thou like me? Art thou like me? And canst thou ride the tempest as a steed, and grasp the lightning as a sword?" "Like thee, O, Night, like thee, mighty and high, and my throne is built upon heaps of fallen Gods; and before me too pass the days to kiss the hem of my garment but never to gaze at my face." "Art thou like me, child of my darkest heart? And dost thou think my untamed thoughts and speak my vast language?" "Yea, we are twin brothers, O, Night; for thou revealest space and I reveal my soul." [33] The Child of God By Louise Driscoll THE scene is the dining-room of a small house in a small New England village. There is a table spread for supper. In the center of the table is a high, ugly, unshaded lamp. There is a door at the back, set between two windows, the windows have shelves filled with straggling plants. A woman is moving about the room. She goes to one of the windows and peers between the plants. She draws the shade and comes to the table. She turns up the lamp. She is Mrs. Dean, a widow. MRS. DEAN He's late again tonight, Supper's all ready, I'll turn up the light. There, that's what I call cheerful! I can't see Why he should hate it so. It seems to me He's growing finicking. The lamp's too bright, This thing is ugly, that thing isn't right. I've never taught him so. I've always said, "Be thankful that the Lord sends Daily Bread." He doesn't seem to hear me any more. (There is a sound of footsteps and Mrs. Dean raises her voice). Is that you, John? Be sure to wipe your feet and shut the door! (There is a light rap and then the door opens slowly and a woman enters. She is short and plump and is dressed in a [34] Louise Driscoll fashion a little old. She carries a few bundles. She is Mrs. Carson, a neighbor) MRS. CARSON May I come in? I was just going by, When you turned up the light. Tom's come home unexpected and I had To run out to the store to get an extra bite. I don't eat much when I'm alone— MRS. DEAN Will Tom stay with you now? MRS. CARSON Oh, mercy, no! He's got a place down there. Tom's doing well. He's just run home to see His mother over Sunday. MRS. DEAN It seems to me It isn't always mothers that they come to see. MRS. CARSON (Smiling but watchful) Oh, Tom don't care for Irma any more! I'm glad of that. Irma's all right. She's pretty and all that, but kind of light. They say she's going to marry Henry Ware. Tom told me and he said he didn't care. MRS. DEAN (Interested, she speaks tensely) You're sure of that? You know What you are saying? MRS. CARSON Oh, I guess it's so! I've seen him going there a lot of late, And watched them kind of lingering at the gate. I must be going now. Tom will be home. [35] The Child of God He went down street to see what he could see. He likes to meet folks. Tell your John for me He must run over when he can. He's got the time. Most of the boys are busy with some work, But John's the gentleman! My Tom's a clerk In a big hardware store at Everston. MRS. DEAN (Unmoved) You know what John is. You know very well He is the Lord's. And I don't need to tell That he's to preach the Gospel. In the Fall He goes to Hartford. He's to study there. I've planned it all. (Mrs. Carson is restless while Mrs. Dean is speaking. She is timid, but as Mrs. Dean pauses, she summons her courage and speaks earnestly) MRS. CARSON I've heard folks say that John don't want to preach. Are you quite sure you're right to push him so? Why do you urge him if he doesn't want to go? MRS. DEAN (Stiffly) You're very kind, I'm sure. I'm very sure That you mean to be kind, so I endure What you are bold to say. MRS. CARSON I know I'm kind of awkward. What I've come to say Don't seem to come easy. It's hard, someway, To talk about real things, but this is one I feel I've got to talk about, and now that I've begun I guess I'll say it quick. My Tom wants John to go Back to Everston with him. He's got a job for John. He knows about Irma—he understands. And so— [36] Louise Driscoll MRS. DEAN (Interrupting her) Before my son was born I made a plan with God. I said, "Oh God, when my son is a man, His voice shall praise Thee. I give him to be Thy minister, Oh Lord! Take him from me!" I've always told John that. John knows he is The Child of God. John knows that he's to preach. He will begin to study in the Fall. MRS. CARSON (No longer timid, speaks with feeling) You must know about Irma! She is queer Some way. There's something makes her dear To all the young men. It's kind of hard to say Just what it is. She's got a pretty way Her hair's all curly—she's got dimpled hands— MRS. DEAN What's that to do with what the Lord commands? MRS. CARSON Has God said anything? Or is it you Who want your own way? Oh! why won't you let John go away with Tom. He will forget And care less, as Tom does. MRS. DEAN You're very kind, but you don't understand. I never liked Irma. MRS. CARSON What has that to do With young men's liking? Do you think that you Can think and feel for John as well as plan? You seem to forget that your John's a man! MRS. DEAN He is the Child of God. I've given him. (Mrs. Carson rises. She draws her coat together, preparing to leave. She sighs a little) [37] The Child of God MRS. CARSON I'm sorry, very sorry. Well, Good-night. I wish you'd listen and I've meant all right. (She lingers at the door for an instant) Good-night. (She goes out, shutting the door softly behind her. Mrs. Dean stands rigid for a moment and then turns with a rapt smile.) MRS. DEAN She cannot understand. She never gave A son to God. The souls that John shall save Will pass before her in their white array Upon the Judgment Day. There's John's step now— Oh, God! Don't let him care! God, take my part! Tear Irma Willett's face out of his heart! (John enters with his hands full of wild flowers.) JOHN Aren't they lovely, Mother? Every one of them A chalice with a drop of flower wine. What silversmith can make a cup like that? The workman was divine! See how they're touched with color. What a wrist that is! It turns a light brush quickly And paints anemones. MRS. DEAN They fall so. Look—they're all over the floor! I've work enough to do! No—it's all right. I don't mind clearing up After my son. Why are you late tonight? [38] Louise Driscoll JOHN Haven't you seen the sunset? The sun's a scarlet rose Laid on the edge of the world. No painter knows Such vehement color on color as clouds that come To gather the rose in their hands and carry it home. MRS. DEAN It is the sun and the sky that the Lord has made. The Heavens declare his glory— JOHN (Smiling) And you pull down the shade. MRS. DEAN (Shocked) My son! JOHN But Mother, you do! You have pulled the shade at those windows lest The glory of God shine through. Have you looked on the hills tonight? God has lifted the shade To let us see into the workshop where glory is made! MRS. DEAN I don't like to hear you talk so! I wish that you Would talk like other folks do! (John seats himself at the table and begins to arrange his flowers in a glass of water there.) JOHN You'd like to have me quote from some old hymns, Use phrases of a people I don't know, Say things I don't believe or that are no longer so, (He smiles a little to soften his words) [39] The Child of God Speak of Bible flowers that can't litter your floor, I'm sorry, Mother, but that's all too far away. These little, scented blossoms that I found today Are lovely as any lilies that Jesus ever found When he walked through the fields of Palestine, Or looked on the hills around About the city Jerusalem. I am not a Jew. I'm a New England village boy some power is singing through. Life is very wonderful. These are my fields and trees, My little, friendly rivers that run to meet my seas. "This is the day the Lord has made," The same Lord that made me— Made me myself—gave me my singing soul! He made the world, green growing, set my feet To walk in it! To go out into it! MRS. DEAN (Steadily) You are going to Hartford to study theology. JOHN I'm awfully sorry, Mother, but you can't plan my life for me. MRS. DEAN I vowed it before you were born, John. To God I've given my word. You are to preach the Lord— JOHN I'll sing the Lord. MRS. DEAN Your songs are impious. You twist truth about. You make things different. Your songs are strange. You cover sacred things with a shadow of doubt. You are deaf to the voice of the Lord. [40] Louise Driscoll JOHN No, Mother, you're wrong. I've heard God saying "Sing unto me a new song!" MRS. DEAN I prayed over you in your cradle, when you were a little boy; I gave you a pictured Bible instead of a foolish toy— JOHN (Wistfully) But, Mother, I wanted the toy. I was only a little boy. MRS. DEAN (Ignoring him) I sat by you hour after hour, reading the old, sweet hymns. JOHN Yes, I learned rhythm from them. Some of them thrill me yet, But some are pretty bad poems, words that are clumsily set To fasten a half truth into a mind that can only half forget. MRS. DEAN My prayers have come to this! My word to God! The wine of my soul is spilled on the earth and trod Under the feet of him who was to be My gift to God! JOHN Won't you listen, Mother? It seems to me That you won't think and you won't let me think. You speak of wine, and yet you call strong drink The brew of Hell. And you want me to vote To make all wine illegal in the State. What does wine mean to you or to your soul? [41]The Child of God You use the eastern image two thousand years too late. We in New England villages don't think in terms of wine. We work for prohibition. And that's what I mean. I want to get away from words that are No longer full of meaning, thoughts that bar My soul in its free flight into blue Heaven. I'm sorry, Mother, but it must be so, The time has come when you must let me go. (They stand looking at one another and neither shows any sign of yielding. There is a sound of footsteps at the door and a hurried knocking. After an instant's pause, Mrs. Dean goes slowly to the door and opens it. Tom Carson and Irma Willett, enter. They are agitated.) IRMA Oh, it isn't true! Oh, I'm so glad! They told me it was you And I ran all the way. TOM You went along the river bank today? Under the willows? Someone saw you there Sitting alone. There's been a big landslide. Sid Jenkins sent down there and found a man had died. He was all crushed. Ugh! It was horrible! IRMA I thought that it was you! JOHN I'm sorry you were frightened, Irma dear, But you'd no reason. I was safely here. MRS. DEAN (Passionate, exalted) Now will you see the Lord's hand in your life Pointing your duty clear? You are spared to do his will and naught beside! [42] Louise Driscoll JOHN But Mother, what of the fellow who has died? IRMA (Growing a little shy) I must go now. You see, Mrs. Dean, I only came because someone had seen John sitting there by the old willow trees. I was so frightened—fearing—Ah, John, please, Please let me go. JOHN Let me thank you, Irma. This will comfort me When nights seem long. I'm going away tomorrow. MRS. DEAN Piling sorrow on his mother's sorrow! Better far that he Should lie there dead by the old willow tree! TOM Oh, but that is dreadful, Mrs. Dean! You mustn't talk like that, for you can't mean What you are saying. John saved me When I was headed straight for death and Hell. He made me feel ashamed. He made me see Just what a fool I was. I went away And fought it out. That's why I'm here today. I've got a job for John in Everston. I'd be so proud to have John there! I'd be proud of John anywhere! MRS. DEAN He is the Child of God, yet he denies The Heavenly Fatherhood. All—all my prayer Is wasted on him. All my promises Lie unfulfilled before the Lord Most High. I vowed that he should preach— [43] The Child of God IRMA (Suddenly, forgetting herself) Oh, I can't see why God ever gave you John! You little, little soul! You want to sit in some nice snug front pew With all the congregation behind you Saying "That's her son!" You want John to stand Up in some pulpit, very black and grand, Looking down on the people! John will go As young King Saul went after his father's sheep, The poor, lost sheep that needed the young Saul so! And Saul found the word of God on the road—on the road! Not in any high pulpit, not in a fixed abode, But out where lost sheep go by. Oh, John's too big for us all! And I—and I Could kneel at his feet and worship him. (She speaks more slowly, very tenderly) Perhaps That's why I can't love you, John, as I love Henry Ware. I should always be at your feet and humble there. JOHN Don't grieve, dear. Don't you see If you are happy, that's enough for me. Tell Henry that I'll keep an eye on him! (Gravely) Mother can't understand. Her God is grim, And strange and high and very far away, Not having much to do with men today Here in New England; speaking overseas In phrases of a people unlike these Who live with us. She is afraid Of all the real things. She fears for me Because I'm glad in all that has been made. [44] Louise Driscoll Glad in my own heart and unceasingly At beauty of this sky and field and sea, Glad that I'm young and glad that I am strong! Glad in my own phrase and in my own song! MRS. DEAN He is breaking his mother's heart, He is breaking his mother's vow. He is choosing a life apart From the things of God. He sings Of wicked, heathen things. JOHN I'll make them all praise God, Hill, river, road and tree, Life, death, eternity! Church, bank and byre and bin, Above, below, without, within. I'll make the oriole's wing a flaming sword! I'll make Pan praise the Lord! MRS. DEAN And lose your soul! IRMA No—no! And be made whole! Find all the little truths we overlook. Release the creed-bound beauty of the Book! (There is a sound of people gathering outside, voices and footsteps. Tom Carson goes to the door.) TOM (speaking to the people outside) John's safe at home. Yes. John's all right. Yes—yes! We're glad! You'd better not come in. We're coming out. Come, Irma, and—Good-night. (He speaks to John). [45] The Child of God There's a great crowd out there. They were afraid It was your body by the willow tree. Go, speak to them. They love you. You have made Friends of them all. And will you write to me Once in a while? You know how glad I'd be To hear from you? I will take Irma home. (He pushes John gently toward the door. John goes out. The people can be heard greeting him. Irma draws her light wrap about her shoulders and prepares to go with Tom. She is watching Mrs. Dean intently and as she reaches the door she turns to speak to the older woman who stands rigid, watching her.) IRMA Pray tonight, if you can. Thank God you have brought a man Into the world, a singing priest to reach The hearts of other men. We're too small, you and I, to love him as He should be loved. We are too small To understand it all. But can't you love him more? Oh, can't you Love him as other mothers do? And be a little—kind— Can't you— (Her voice falters and dies away. She looks back and then goes out, shutting the door behind her. Mrs. Dean stands very still, unyielding.) [46] America and The Arts By Romain Rolland (Translated by Waldo Frank) I REJOICE in the founding of a magazine in which the American Spirit may seek and achieve consciousness of its nature and of its role. My faith is great in the high destinies of America. And it is clear to me that the events of today make more urgent than before that these be realized. On our old Continent, civilization is menaced. It becomes America's solemn duty to uphold the wavering torch. You have great advantages over the European nations. You are free of traditions. You are free of that vast load of thought, of sentiment, of secular obsession under which the Old World groans. The intellectual fixed ideas, the dogmas of politics and art that grip us, are unknown to you. You may go forward, unhampered, to your future; while we, in Europe, sacrifice ours, daily, to quarrels and rancors and ambitions that should be dead. Europe has found no better channel for its genius than to revive these quarrels; to submit, over and again, to the tyrannies that they impose. And each time that Europe attempts to solve them, it succeeds merely in strengthening the web that binds it. Where it should strike clear of its shackles, it forges still more iron meshes. Like the Atrides, it works out its tragedy under a curse. And like them, again, it prays for its release in vain, to some indifferent god. In art also, you are more fortunate than we. Our writers [47] America and the Arts have perfection of form; they have attained a great precision of ideas. These qualities they owe to the firm basis of our classical traditions. But they have won them, not without sacrifice. How few of these perfect craftsmen are sensitive and free to the infinite life of the world! Their spirit huddles in a hedged and cultivated garden,—incurious of the wide spaces beyond it. Only as the River runs through their enclosure, do these artists understand it. The River issues forth; its tide quickens; its banks grow broad. It waters all the world. And they remain indifferent, behind. How much greater is your opportunity! You have been born of a soil that is neither encumbered nor shut in by past spiritual edifices. Profit by this. Be free! Do not become slaves to foreign models. Your true model is within yourselves. Your approach to it must be the understanding of yourselves. This is your first task:—The diverse personalities that compose your States must dare to express themselves, freely, sincerely, entirely, in art. They must avoid the false quest after originality. They must be careless of form. They must be fearless of opinion. Above all, dare to see yourselves; to penetrate within yourselves—and to your very depths. Dare to see true. And then, whatever you find, dare to speak it out as you have found it. What I propose is not the egoist's retirement from life. Self-discovery leads, in no way, to a cult of the senses. On the contrary, if one search deep enough, it means, for the artist, the plunging of roots within the spirit of his people. Seek out your people's dreams and trials; make them your own. Aspire to be the Light, flushing the darkness of all these potent, murmurous masses. For they have been called to recreate the world. They—the people—whose indifference to art oppresses you, are the Dumb. And since they cannot express themselves, they cannot know themselves. You must be their [48] Romain Rolland Voice. You must let them hear you speak, in order that they may grow conscious of their own existence. Give voice to your own soul, and you will find that you have given birth to the soul of your people. You have a second task—one more difficult and more remote. It is to establish from all these free-moving personalities within your States a tie that shall be as a blood-bond. Their lives are of many moods and colors. Build them into a great Cathedral. Their voices are unconscious and spontaneous and discordant. Compose from them a Symphony. Think of the rich foundation of your country. It is made up of all races; it has flowed in to you from all continents. May this help you to understand the essential spirits of these peoples whose sum must be America. May it bring you to realize that a vast harmony exists between their varying intellectual forces. To-day, on the old Continent, all of these forces are in conflict. It is a bitter and unworthy spectacle. These nations —like France and Germany—are neighbors. In blood, and in ideals, they are close kin. Their true differences are shades. Yet, they have denied each other. They are bending all their forces, consecrating all their genius to stultify and to destroy each other. What are these struggles, seen in a clear light, but disputes of parishes:— miserable denials of the vastness of Truth, passionate and perverse attempts to stifle Human Spirit, to build walls around it, to deny it the world, to shut it in a prison! As for me, I say it openly—not alone is the ideal of one nation a too narrow thing; even the ideal of a reconciled Europe, of a united Occident would be a too narrow thing. The hour has struck for mankind to begin its march toward the ideal simply of Humanity:—to begin it with conscious fervor, to suffer no exclusion. Man must at last enter into health; must at last enter into life. All of art and science must be [49] America ad the Arts his leader; and all of Humanity must be his goal. The Asiatic cultures—China, India—are being born anew. The Old and the New Worlds must bring forth the treasures of their souls, and place them in common with these equal treasures. For all great expressions of mankind subserve each other, complement each other. And the Thought of the future must be a synthesis of all the great thoughts of all the world. To achieve this fertile union should be the work of Americans. For it is they who live between the seas that bathe the two great continents. It is they who live at the center of the life of the world! This is my dream. In conclusion, writers and thinkers of America, we expect of you two things. We ask that you defend the cause of Liberty; that you defend its conquests; and that you increase them. And by Liberty I mean both political and intellectual liberty. I mean the incessant rebirth and replenishment of life that it enfolds. I mean the wide River of Spirit that never stagnates, but flows on forever. Also, we ask that you so master your lives as to give to the world a new ideal for lack of which it bleeds—an ideal, not of section and tradition, but of Harmony. You must harmonize all of the dreams and liberties and thoughts brought to your shores by all your peoples. You must make of your culture a symphony that shall in a true way express your brotherhood of individuals, of races, of cultures banded together. You must make real the dream of an integrated and entire humanity. You are fortunate. Your life is young and abundant. Your land is vast and free for the discovery of your works. You are at the beginning of your journey, at the dawn of your day. There is in you no weariness of the Yesterdays; no clutterings of the Pasts. . . . Romain Rolland Behind you, alone, the elemental Voice of a great pioneer, in whose message you may well find an almost legendary omen of your task to come,—your Homer: Walt Whitman. Surge et Age THE SEVEN ARTS AN EXPRESSION OF ARTISTS FOR THE COMMUNITY James Oppenheim, Editor Waldo Frank, Associate Editor Advisory Board Kahlil Gibran Robert Frost Louis Untermeyer Edna Kenton Van Wyck Brooks David Mannes Robert Edmond Jones DURING the summer months, we sent out the following statement to American authors: It is our faith and the faith of many, that we are living in the first days of a renascent period, a time which means for America the coming of that national self-consciousness which is the beginning of greatness. In all such epochs the arts cease to be private matters; they become not only the expression of the national life but a means to its enhancement. Our arts shown signs of this change. It is the aim of The Seven Arts to become a channel for the flow of these new tendencies: an expression of our Amer- The Seven Arts ican arts which shall be fundamentally an expression of our American life. We have no tradition to continue; we have no school of style to build up. What we ask of the writer is simply self-expression without regard to current magazine standards. We should prefer that portion of his work which is done through a joyous necessity of the writer himself. The Seven Arts will publish stories, short plays, poems, essays and brief editorials. Such arts as cannot be directly set forth in a magazine will receive expression through critical writing, which, it is hoped, will be no less creative than the fiction and poetry. In this field the aim will be to give vistas and meanings rather than a monthly survey or review; to interpret rather than to catalogue. We hope that creative workers themselves will also set forth their vision and their inspiration. In short, The Seven Arts is not a magazine for artists, but an expression of artists for the community. Some of the response to this may be seen in this number. But we are only at a beginning. Such a magazine cannot be created by either work or wishing. It must create itself, by continuing to exist. Its presence then becomes a challenge to the artist to surpass himself. He reads his contemporaries, and a sportsmanlike rivalry springs up which evokes his best effort. So a community spirit arises: and out of this once again, as it has before, among the Cathedral builders, among the Elizabethans, a genuine and great art may spring. AMERICA AND THE ARTS" was written for us by Romain Rolland, immediately after word had reached him of the founding of The Seven Arts. Coming as it does from the foremost literary figure of the new [53] The Seven Arts French Liberal movement, its interest is rendered perhaps still more poignant by its author's present situation. For M. Rolland's stand against hate and indiscriminate blame has won him a hearty and powerful hostility among the chauvinistic and sectional leaders of his country. Before the War, his message of internationalism, his plea for a European spirit, his profound study of the fallacy of boundaries in thought and culture, were welcome enough throughout intellectual Europe. But with the movement of the Armies, the tempest of blood and outrage that ensued, most of intellectual Europe disappeared. It was as if the cataclysm that levelled so many edifices had swept along with them the outstanding minds of the European nations. The crowd-wave of passion did its work even more perfectly than the wave of iron. Men who had been thinkers talked like fools; men who had been artists lost the vision and truth of feeling that had distinguished them. After the first wave, few of the eminent minds of Europe were found standing above the intellectual ruin. And among those few, Romain Rolland was almost alone in France. He has felt this solitude and suffered by it. To what depths, his later writings show with tragic clearness. The failure of the leaders of his country to understand his ideal for it has been a great blow for Romain Rolland. And yet, despite his martyrdom and the martyrdom of France, he has found the spirit to give us a message of faith. In times of extreme trial, only rare minds know themselves. If many of his countrymen have denied Romain Rolland, it must mean simply that many in France, as in Germany and England and Russia, have been denying themselves. For the authenticity of the French spirit voiced by Romain Rolland needs no clearer title than these words addressed to us. They are indeed typical of the amazing soul of France, whose role it has been, before this, to speak for the world. [54] The Seven Arts IF the War is a destroyer, it is also a creator. The philosopher, the artist and the teacher may snap back to a primitive state, like elastic bands released from their strain, but the population rises to a consecration very similar to that of the philosopher, the artist and the teacher. We think of a Berg-son and a Rodin as giving their lives to the unnecessary, to the future. In war the unnamed millions go that way. The mill-hand may spend himself for something as great as "The Hand of God." The young, the able-bodied, the gifted are slain: the lands are scarred with cripples: the homes become bleeding fragments of families. But the nations are going through an experience of life and death: they are enduring again the ancient disciplines of heroism and of sorrow. They have died that they may be born again. There is, however, this difference. A Rodin voluntarily suffers devotion to a vision out of which something joyous is wrought, an addition to human wealth. But the soldier falls under the compulsion of the herd-instinct and is devoted by his passion to a vision out of which destruction and death are wrought, a loss of human wealth. We shall never cease from war until the mass of the race achieves a greater growth, until the millions volunteer to suffer creation. THE trouble with outstanding minds is that often they are not in the skulls of outstanding personalities. That is one reason that the war has levelled down so swiftly the thinkers and the scholars and the artists. A man may evolve out of his head a marvellous philosophy or a great vision, and so project his upper half into the future: yet his lower half may be a child and a savage. He may be infantile in his emotional life and his animal functionings. Naturally then in a terrible crisis, when his nature catches fire from the general conflagration, the superstructure topples, and he is left raving in the grip of his passions. [55] The Seven Arts Only through the emotional development of the race may we have personalities whose thinking is not in advance of themselves. This is one of the tasks of art, which must lift the hidden desires into consciousness, which must tap and drain off destructive impulses, and which must save the individual through a vicarious experience. We have Othello to save us from jealousy, and Faust to save us from inaction, and Jean-Christophe to lead us to heroic battles of peace. And in an age that has lost the supreme emotional growth through religion, what is left but art? THE artists themselves, however, have been in the greatest danger from lack of emotional development. Modern art has become, for many artists, self-conscious and intellectual. The artist has longed to be a scientist: to make the exact description, to be psychologist or sociologist, to construct his work according to a predetermined theory. The painter who says he will go deliberately back 25,000 years to the archaic and primitive, is applying an intellectual process to creative work. He would be a child, but is merely childish: for a man cannot be a child, but merely a dwarfed and stunted man. It is no wonder then that the terrific sweep of war has blown to pieces so much of modern art. Such art could not meet the tests of life and death, "the corrective of reality." It was a pose the artist lost as soon as he was in danger. For it takes a Goethe to stand above the battle and then go to his room and continue his work. Why should war make a difference to him? This new reality does not crowd out the old, because it is all of a piece with his experience. But he who creates an artificial world of intellect, and is suddenly confronted by the real world, loses the one and is utterly lost in the other. He is dazed and confused, a fool among men. [56] Enterprise By Van Wyck Brooks THERE is a certain spot in New York where I love to go and ruminate in the summer noontime, a lonely, sunny, windy plaza surrounded by ramshackle hoardings and warehouses unfinished and already half in ruin. It is the fag end of a great cross-town thoroughfare, a far-thrown tentacle, as it were, of the immense monster one hears roaring not so far away, a tentacle that lies there sluggish and prone in the dust, overtaken by a sort of palsy. To the right and left stretches one of those interminable sun-swept avenues that flank the city on east and west, wide, silent, and forsaken, perpetually vibrating in the blue haze that ascends from its hot cobblestones, bordered on one side by rickety wharves, on the other by a succession of tumble-down tenements left there like the sea-wrack at the ebb of the tide. For scarcely a living thing lingers here about the frayed edges of the town, and so overwhelming is the sensation of an utter lapse in its exuberant vitality that one feels as if one had been suddenly set down in the outskirts of some pioneer city on the plains of the Southwest, one of those half-built cities that sprawl out over the prairie, their long streets hectically alive in the centre but gradually shedding their population and the few poor trees that mitigate the sun's glare till at last, all but obliterated in alkali dust and marked only by the chaotic litter of old outbuildings and broken-down fences that straggle beside them, they lose themselves in the sand and the silence. [57] Enterprise All our towns and cities, I think, have this family likeness and share this alternating aspect of life and death—New York as much as the merest contraption of corrugated iron and clapboards thrown together beside a Western railway to fulfil some fierce evanescent impulse of pioneering enterprise. Like a field given over to fireworks, they have their points of light and heat, a district, a street, a group of streets where excitement gathers and life is tense and everything spins and whirls; and round about lie heaps of ashes, burnt-out frames, seared enclosures, abandoned machinery, and all the tokens of a prodigal and long-spent energy. But it is the American village that most betrays the impulse of our civilization, a civilization that perpetually over-reaches itself only to be obliged to surrender again and again to nature everything it has gained. How many thousand villages, frostbitten, palsied, full of a morbid, bloodless death-in-life, villages that have lost, if they ever possessed, the secret of self-perpetuation, lie scattered across the continent! Even in California I used to find them on long cross-country walks, villages often enough not half a century old but in a state of essential decay. Communities that have come into being on the flood-tide of an enterprise too rapidly worked out, they all signify some lost cause of a material kind that has left humanity high and dry; like the neutral areas in an old painting where the color, incompetently mixed and of perishable quality, has evaporated with time. I suppose it is only natural in the West, these decayed settlements where time has taken so seriously, as it were, mankind's deliberate challenge to permanence. What shocks one is to realize that our Eastern villages are themselves scarcely anything but the waste and ashes of pioneering, and that no inner fire has taken possession of the hearth where that original flame so long since burnt itself out. Off and on during the summers I have stayed in one [58] Van Wyck Brooks of those ancient Long Island villages that still seem to preserve unbroken the atmosphere of the early Republic, and it has been for me not so much a visible scene as a strange and disconcerting experience. The crazy, weatherbeaten houses that hold themselves up among their unkempt acres with a kind of angular dignity, the rotting porches and the stench of decay that hangs about their walls, the weed-choked gardens, the insect-ridden fruit trees, the rusty litter along the roads, the gaunt, silent farmers that stalk by in the dusk—how overwhelmingly they seem to betray a losing fight against the wilderness! For generations every man has gone his own way and sought his own luck. Nature has been robbed and despoiled and wasted for the sake of private and temporary gains, and now, having no more easy rewards to offer, it is taking its revenge on a race that has been too impatient and self-seeking to master its inner secrets. Incapable of cooperating with nature, of lying fallow, of merging themselves as it were in the great current of life, they have accumulated no buoyant fund of instinct and experience, and each generation, a little more spiritually impoverished than the last, runs out the ever-shortening tether of self-reliance. Still pioneers, pioneers or nothing, they have lost the sap of adventure without developing beyond the stage of improvisation. It is all so familiar, so intensely American, and yet the warm ancestral bond eludes one so! One looks out over a landscape everywhere abundant and propitious, but still in some way, after so many years of tillage, unimpregnated by human destiny, almost wholly wanting in that subtle fusion of natural and human elements which everywhere the European landscape suggests. For Europe is alive in all its members; in its loneliest and most isolated corner there is hardly a hamlet where life does not still persist, as green and warm and ruddy as the heart of an old olive tree. Some profound inertia, some imperturbable tenacity of the spirit, has pre- [59]Enterprise vented it from quite surrendering to nature anything, a bit of ground, a house, a road, that has once passed into the keeping of the race. And thus it is that while the conquest has been slow and laborious, invention tardy, ideas few, means inadequate, something cumulative survives. Old American things are old as nothing else anywhere in the world is old, old without majesty, old without mellowness, old without pathos, just shabby and bloodless and worn out. That is the feeling that comes over one in villages like this, capable only of being galvanized by some fresh current of enterprise into a semblance of animation. Inhabited as they have always been by a race that has never cultivated life for its own sake, a race that has lived and built and worked always conscious of the possibility of a greater advantage to be found elsewhere, there is no principle of life working in them, three hundred years of effort having bred none of the indwelling spirit of continuity. How little of an ample, fostering bosom the traditional scene holds out to us Americans, how all but irrevocably it commits us to a sharply individual, experimental existence! [60] "291 Fifth Avenue" By Peter Minuit THERE is a design of Picabia's—one of those in which he has attempted to express himself in symbols abstracted from mechanical devices—in which a kodak lens springs out from the body of the camera toward the Gothic characters that form the word "Ideal." At the side of the drawing stands the legend "Ici, c'est ici Stieglitz—foi et amour." A plastic epigram, if you will. But one that might well serve as the motto of a personality unique in America. Faith and love, love for art, faith in its divine power to reveal life, to spur action, to excite the creative impulse, those are the dominant characteristics of Alfred Stieglitz. Others are aware of the dynamic quality of art. Stieglitz alone has the vision to cultivate it for the sake of that quality. And so he brought into being a place where art should serve as a means to self-consciousness, as a challenge to the time, as a revelation, as a stimulus to new creative activity. That place is the "Photo-Secession Gallery," more generally known as "291 Fifth Avenue;" and it exists for a purpose that transcends the better understanding of art. The painting and the sculpture and the photography shown there are but the means. For in the heart of Alfred Stieglitz is the desire to procure America what she most needs—self-consciousness. This is the purpose that has called "291 Fifth Avenue" into being. Those who have never found their way to "291" out of some half-conscious want will scarcely comprehend how a gallery, [61] "291 Fifth Avenue" devoted, even if uncommercially, to the championship of the new art, can pretend to such a function. For them, depending on their age and previous condition of servitude, "291" is either the sower of the damnable heresies that of late have been undermining the sanity of American art, or the bourn of the vital influence that has commenced to revolutionize it. They will tell you that since 1907, the year when Stieglitz ceased expressing himself only through his photography, it has been identified with the cause of contemporary painting and sculpture; that upon a community which found Leon Dabo extreme, and George Innes more to its liking, it forced a series of exhibitions which, commencing with the drawings of Rodin, include the most characteristic work produced in our day. Cézanne in his oils and in his water-colors, Matisse both as painter and as sculptor, Picasso, Henri Rousseau, Picabia, Brancusi, Eli Nadelman, Marius de Zayas the caricaturist, as well as the Americans Marsden Hartley, Steichen, Marin, Max Weber, Bluemner and Walkowitz, were shown for the first time in America at "291." Here, too, the first exhibition of Negro and African sculpture, the first exhibition of children's work that established the relationship between their aesthetic perception and the modern abstract art, took place. But, however profound the influence exercised upon contemporary American art by the radical, courageous, and unselfish activity of "291," its real character remains hidden to those who know it only in that aspect. Only to those who seek the gallery at a moment when the individual staying power is near collapse, when energy subsides and faith crumbles and vanishes, does it reveal itself. Seek it out at such a traitor moment. Up in that little attic, in those three little rooms into which the day falls subduedly, you are alone. The rumor of the life that nearly crushed you comes here in just proportion, flowing about the sanctity of the little garret. You sit on a chair, or failing that, on a packing- [62] Peter Minuit case, and gaze at the strange sculpture, the strange pictures that hang against the grey stuff or stand serried against the wall. What matter who is being shown there, Matisse or Picabia or Walkowitz? What matter whether you are astonished or ravished or appalled? What matter, so long as you feel their revolt, their daring, their fearless self-expression! These are the great venturers. These are the artists who have abandoned dead conventionality, renounced smug repetition of other men's thoughts,, to find themselves. These are the men who have discarded representation in order to creep the closer to life, and get something of its naked rhythm onto their canvas or into their marble. Their art has it in its power to give you what only a thing made in your own time, under the conditions imposed by your own time, out of the fabric of your own time, can give you. The creative impulse emanating from their work comes to you in myriad ways. What matter, what your own activity? The room wherein you sit breathes toleration for it. It demands that you be utterly yourself, for here is the place where everything that would be, the strangest, the newest, the boldest, is recognized and is reverenced. But one thing counts here. It is the courage to realize yourself, to express yourself, to shape your life as you would. No half-measures, no compromise. No timid withholding. For this is the great adventure, a man's adventure, to risk all for the sake of his faith, to throw his heart out into the battle, and win it back again, or fall. You are alone no longer, for on the walls before you hang testimonies of a Zeitgeist of which you are a part, that weaves and shapes, struggling to realize your dream. This, and not that other blind brute life without, is reality. Once more, you have seen yourself and your life, and taken strength from the vision. You have been in the gallery but ten minutes. But for those ten minutes, the gallery exists. Not for the sake of Picasso and Marin and Nadel-man. For your sake, that you may live your life. [63] "291 Fifth Aveue" From the back room come voices. If you should peer behind the grey stuff that curtains it from the rest of the gallery, you would see a few men, probably Bluemner, Marin, Walkowitz and others, sitting about an iron stove toasting their feet. At a table by the window that gives on chimney-pots and towering walls, a slim figure—grey bristling moustache, glasses— stands pasting something and talking, a suggestion of Teutonic intonation in his slangy speech. It is Stieglitz. Perhaps he comes out into the gallery and talks to you. If he does, pray do not feel that he is distinguishing you, for Stieglitz talks to everybody. He talks about everything, about himself, finishing a conversation commenced with someone else, telling you things that may interest you or bore you. Sometimes what he says is penetrating and important, sometimes it is not. Oftentimes, he helps you to your own convictions; oftentimes you help him to his. But it does not matter. Stieglitz' ideas are not what make him Stieglitz. It is rathermore his spirit, that splendid desire to give himself to whosoever needs him— to America. It is his lofty conception of art, not as a divertissement, a refuge from the world, but as a bridge to consciousness of self, to life, and through that, to new life and new creation again. He will tell you that he was the first in America to exhibit Cézanne, but that today, he would like to put his foot through everyone of his pictures. For Cézanne has become a subject of imitation, and in trying to obtain his effects, the younger artists fail to go to the nature from which he drew, and become sterile. So, too, Stieglitz would destroy every idol that takes away from the worship of the true God. So he would put his foot through all the past that hinders man from reaching life. Life, life, a thousand times, is the important thing for Stieglitz. Yourself, your own experiences, your own reactions—and art is only of value as it helps you attain them. And since the art of our own day can reveal and stimulate and impel us to create, Stieglitz has consecrated [64] Peter Minuit himself to it. It is his religion. People come to "291"; people do not come. Stieglitz goes on offering himself, knowing that all he can do is to see that if folk are hungry, they can be satisfied. One grieves to think how often there must come to him the bitterness that reaches all men who offer themselves to the world, at moments when they realize how little the world knows how to use their gift. But the thought of commiserating Stieglitz for the blindness of the very people he comes to help is as untenable as the thought of thanking him for his mode of living. He is one of those fortunate men whose activity is in itself sufficient reward. That giving of himself in "291" is his life. Other, he would not care to be. And there must come moments when he can say with Goethe: "It will be long before the trace of my days can vanish off the earth." For which of us can tell how far the energy that radiates from him will reach, by what inscrutable processes it will again and again enrich life? That is his immortality. We, who have taken what we could, bow our heads in recognition of the generous spirit that has given itself to us. [65] "Lazy" Verse By James Oppenheim ONE day—so the story goes—Bret Harte was pacing up and down, abstracted and disturbed. His friend asked the trouble. "I'm looking," said Bret Harte, "for a two-syllabled adjective to put before a noun; but I can only think of one-syllabled words." "Oh," said his friend, "you're writing a poem." "A poemi" Bret Harte snorted. "If it'd been only poetry I'd have found my word long ago. I'm writing prose." This story points at a widespread critical attitude that has often amazed me: and just the other day something I read set me on edge again. It was printed in The New Republic and was written by that excellent editor, Max Eastman. It was entitled "Lazy Verse" and was an attack on so-called "free verse." Mr. Eastman looks on free verse as a result of our hasty journalistic habits: a new form of display advertising: a way of seeming to write poetry, for poets too lazy and too undisciplined to go up against the rigors of rhyme and classic meters. And, as usual, Mr. Eastman makes a few exceptions. Miracles have happened: Blake, the Psalmist, Tagore and Whitman have walked on water, and we care for them in spite of the fact that they don't swim. But, "It used to require a very high combination of faculties of heart and brain, with strong concentration added [66] James Oppenheim to them, to make a poem which would endure reading at all. Today all one has to do is to say something. And anyone who has something to say can do that." He then adds a parody, beginning: "I like this end-opening note-book. I would like a side-opening note-book, too. I find them so yielding to poetry, So yielding also to prose, Ay, even to polyrhythambics, the songs of the parrot-cage, So yielding and so sweet to the assaulting pen, etc." But he ends by saying that if we would only discipline ourselves by writing "form" poems, we might once in a lifetime achieve "one of those formless forms, like Blake's, that are so rare as to be remembered through the centuries. It is not impossible that we might subdue the listener to our passion without form as well as without metrical music." I quote this so particularly because it is typical of the lazy thinking that characterizes our American criticism. "Without form," forsooth! According to this attitude rhythmical form means so many beats to the line, so many lines to the stanza, or, in other words, the classical forms of English poetry. Here is form: "Mary had a little lamb, Its fleece was white as snow, And everywhere that Mary went The lamb was sure to go." This is a form that offers "a more rigorous self-discipline" to the poet; he may in this achieve "concentrated expression." The amazing ignorance in this attitude is not so much in regard to poetry as in regard to prose. What do these critics [67] "Lazy" Verse make of prose, anyway? Do they know what prose is? Have they studied the rhythms of prose, or tried themselves to create even one prose paragraph? Do they know the importance of that "two-syllabled adjective before the noun?" I should like to sit Max Eastman down and make him study Saintsbury's History of English Prose Rhythms. And as a test I should like him to compare examples, not of the modern conversational style, but of the outworn mode of magnificence. For instance, he might test his favorite passage in Paradise Lost against the opening of Browne's Urn Burial. I give it with Saintsbury's scansion: "Now J since! these j dead! bones | have already | out-lasted the living ones | of Methuselah, | and in a yard | under ground, and thin | walls | of clay, | out-worn | all the strong | and spe-cious I buildings | above it; | and quietly | rested | under the drums | and tramplings | of three | conquests;| what Prince | can promise | such | diuturnity | unto his reliques, | or might not | gladly I say, 'Sic ego componi versus in ossa velim.' " This is what Saintsbury calls a "spaced and rested symphony." In it, as Saintsbury says, "no two identical feet ever follow each other, not so much as on a single occasion. Now, we have observed, from the first, that variety of foot arrangement, without definite equivalence, appears to be as much the secret of prose rhythm as uniformity of value, with equivalence, or without it, appears to be that of poetic meter." Here is one more small example, from Coleridge: "And her eyes if they were even seen would be neither sweet nor subtle; no man could read their story; they would [68]James Oppenheim be found filled with perishing dreams and with wrecks of forgotten delirium." Of course, if this symphonic use of rhythms is formless; then in music, Wagner and Debussy and Strawinsky are formless. Bernard Shaw speaks keenly when he speaks of Wagner's music as "the prose of music." If Mr. Eastman thinks that this "formlessness" offers less resistance to the writer than blank verse, I should like to see him try his hand at creating a fine prose passage. He might find himself at sea. Instead of fitting his thoughts and his words into neat little molds, ready-made, he would find himself on uncharted waters where he should have to steer by the grace of the god of song. For the essential difference between meter-poetry and prose-poetry is that meter-poetry is one rhythm repeated, and prose-poetry is many rhythms blended into a larger harmony. How write it then? How achieve form? This is the gist of it: Verbal music is derived, not from rhythm, but from tune. Several years ago I read with delight a book by Mr. Eastman on "The Enjoyment of Poetry"; but I remember at the time being amazed that he, in common with lesser analysts of poetry, entirely omitted the important factor of tune. Yet it's the tune that makes the song—the rest is drum-beat. It seems necessary then to point out the elemental fact that music is an arrangement of sounds, and that poetry is verbal music, for poetry is an arrangement of verbal sounds. A word sound is as much a sound as a note sound. The word "boom" is as much a sound as C struck on the piano. Now the way sounds are arranged by the artist so as to produce a harmonious effect is tune. Whoever conceived the music of "Coming Thro' the Rye" simply had a tune in his head which he converted into the notes of a musical instrument. So, too, the [69]  "Lazy" Verse poet has a tune, a tune that has verbal values whose individual notes are the syllables of words. "O my luve's like a red, red rose That's newly sprung in June, O my luve's like the melody That's sweetly played in tune." If anyone will take the trouble to substitute "la" for the words in this stanza, and then hum the tune behind the words, he will understand this fundamental of poetry. Or if he will have someone read him a poem written in a language he does not understand, he will hear the tune, and catch its essential form and beauty. In a great poem one could no more substitute a new word for the one used by the poet, than one could substitute a different note in music for the one used by the musician. Suppose we tried: "Yes, my dear's like a pretty rose"—the same rhythm. What have we spoiled? Not the sense of it; no, we have spoiled the music, the rich, deep-chorded tune. However, the above is a simple use of tune. There is also a symphonic use of it; there is a blending of many tunes resulting in a richer and more complex harmony. This is what differentiates Wagner's music from the music of a folk-song; and this is what differentiates great prose from classic poetry. Where then has "free verse" a place? It is printed like poetry, but it is not simple in rhythm and tune. Is it prose, then? It doesn't seem to me that it matters. If it is prose, printed like display advertising, what of it? Nevertheless, as a writer in this form of "free verse," I am willing to state my own personal theory. My belief is that free verse is an attempt to synthesize the values of both prose and classic poetry, producing a third medium, a child which resembles both parents, but is neither. [70] James Oppenheim For it cannot be denied that classic poetry has a quality missing in prose. Its recurrent beat gives it some of the emotional poignancy of the war-drum; a certain flight as of beating wings, if you will. But on the other hand, prose is infinitely richer, an instrument adapted to a range of expression far exceeding classic poetry. Free verse is the merger of these values, for while it has variety of rhythm and tune, as in prose, it has an undercurrent of similar beat. The pulse is there, coming at uneven intervals, but speeding up, lifting, emotionalizing the flight of the song. A good example is Whitman's "When Lilacs Last in the Dooryard Bloom'd": "When lilacs last in the dooryard bloom'd, And the great star early droop'd in the western sky in the night, I mourn'd, and yet shall mourn with ever-returning Spring. "Ever-returning Spring, trinity sure to me you bring, Lilac blooming perennial and drooping star in the west, And thought of him I love." Surely no one would call this prose. What differentiates it is the steady recurrence of the anapast. Nor would anyone call the following prose: "I say Yes, Yes to the dance of feet in the Spring, Yes to the shouts of children, Yes to laughter. "Laughter, last of the gods, And of them the greatest, Yes, say I, and salute you." [71] "Lazy" Verse What is seen here, clearly, too, is the need of line-division. To print these as prose would be confusing, and reading would be difficult: for, according to my belief, the line in free verse is equivalent to the phrase in music, and the end of a line denotes a pause. Line-arrangement is merely musical arrangement, and the lines inevitably work out their own lengths. If this be true, then: that prose has great and intricate structure, that it is formed as much as and more than classical poetry, and that finally free verse is a synthesis of both, what becomes of the attack of Mr. Eastman? Just this: most of the so-called free verse is bad. True. True enough. And most of the prose written to-day is bad. And most of the rhymes published are bad. And most of the pictures painted, the operas produced, the monuments erected. This is what I have against such critics. Because free verse is a new form, and because much of it is bad, they attack, not the bad poets, but the form itself. Isn't this lazy thinking? Or no thinking at all? [72] Emerging Greatness By Waldo Frank WE do not expect an Apocalypse, here in America. Out of our terrifying welter of steel and scarlet, a design must come. But it will come haltingly, laboriously. It will be warped by the steel, clotted with the scarlet. There have been pure and delicate visions among us. In art, there has been Whistler; and Henry James took it into his head to write novels. But the clear subtlety of these men was achieved by a rigorous avoidance of native stuff and native issues. Literally, they escaped America; and their followers have done the same, though in a more figurative meaning. Artist-senses have gone out, felt the raw of us, been repulsed by it, and so withdrawn to a magnificent introversion. So, when we found vision in America, we have found mostly an abstract art—an art that remained pure by remaining neuter. What would have happened to these artists, had they grappled with their country, is an academic question. But I suspect that the true reason for their ivory tower was lack of strength to venture forth and not be overwhelmed. This much is sure, however—and true particularly of the novel—that our artists have been of two extremes: those who gained an almost unbelievable purity of expression by the very violence of their self-isolation, and those who, plunging into the American maelstrom, were submerged in it, lost their vision altogether, and gave forth a gross chronicle and a blind cult of the American Fact. The significance of Sherwood Anderson whose first novel, [73] Emerging Greatness "Windy McPherson's Son," has recently appeared (published by The John Lane Company), is simply that he has escaped these two extremes, that he suggests at last a presentation of life shot through with the searching color of truth, which is a signal for a native culture. Mr. Anderson is no accident. The appearance of his book is a gesture of logic. Indeed, commentators of tomorrow might gauge the station at which America has arrived today by a study of the impulses—conscious and unconscious—which compose this novel. But it is not a prophetic work. Its author is simply a man who has felt the moving passions of his people, yet sustained himself against them just enough in a crude way to set them forth. His story has its beginning in an Iowa town. His hero, with a naive unswervingness from type, is a newsboy. His passion is money and power. He goes to Chicago. He becomes rich. He marries the daughter of his employer. And then, he becomes powerful. There is nothing new in this; although the way of telling it is fresh and sensitive. This is the romance of inchoate America. Like the Greek fables, it is a generic wishfulfillment to be garbed by each poet in his own dress. It has been done in a folk way by Horatio Alger; with a classic might by Theodore Dreiser. But so far, it has been the entire story. With Mr. Anderson, it is only the story's introduction. When Sam McPherson, by a succession of clumsy assaults, charges to the control of the Arms Trust of America, he does not find there, like his novelistic brothers, a romantic and sentimental and overweening satisfaction. He finds a great disgust, a great emptiness. And he becomes interested in his soul! He learns that what he has done is spiritually nothing; that it has left him as helpless before the commands of life, as in the old days when he amassed pennies in Caxton, Iowa. It dawns on him, that if man is a measurer of truth, he has para- [74] Waldo Frank lyzed competition, enslaved wealth, disposed of power without really growing at all. So Sam McPherson puts aside his gains; and pilgrimages forth, searching for truth. This is the second part of the novel; and in it lies the book's importance. McPherson's quest of the grail is an awkward Odyssey indeed. It has the improbability of certain passages of Dostoevski—the improbability of truth poorly or clumsily materialized. Moreover, in it we find an unleashed and unsophisticated power that we have all along awaited in the American novel. The resemblance to the Russian is, I am convinced, a consequence of a like quality in the two men. It is a temperamental, not a literary thing. The abdicated millionaire works as a bartender in Ohio, as a builder in Illinois; he joins a threshing crew in the West and a mining camp in the South. He knows prostitutes and working-girls. He tries to help and seeks truth. He learns that labor-unions are more concerned over the use of scab machinery than by the prospect of losing a righteous strike; that the men are more interested in a raise of wages than in preventing a private band of grafters from stealing the town's water-works. He becomes very miserable over the lot of the street-walkers. He asks the drinkers in the saloon where he is employed why they get drunk, and is discharged with an oath. Puerile, fumbling stuff it is—its efficiency of presentment about on a level with McPherson's method of gaining the light. Yet through it all, is a radiant glow of the truth. Read the newspapers and the Congressional reports; read the platitudes of investigating commissions, of charity organizations, of revivalists and mushroom mysticisms—and you have the same helpless thing in extension. Sam McPherson, bewildered with his affluence and power, seeking the truth in the fair plains and the cancerous cities, ignorant and awkward and eager—is America today. And Sam McPherson, the boy, arrogant and keen and certain, hiding from himself his [75] Emerging Greatness emptiness with the extent and occupation of the materials that his land floods upon him, is the America of our fathers. For a feel of the America of tomorrow, do not look to this book. I am sure that Mr. Anderson will conduct himself better in subsequent works than he has in the conclusion of "Windy McPherson's Son." As we find the faint footprints of Horatio Alger at the book's beginning, so at the end is the smirch of Robert W. Chambers. (But after all, Balzac could not so wholeheartedly have swallowed France, had he not taken Pixérécourt and Madame de Scudéry along.) When Sam marries Sue Rainey, it is with the understanding that they are to have children and that they are to live gloriously for them. For a while, the magnate's money-madness slackens. But the pact fails, for the children can not come. Coolness between the two, with the goal of their creed denied them:— and at length, when Sam sacrifices his wife's father in his grapple toward dominion, she flees to New York. The man over whose fat body he has stepped to power shoots himself. And, sick of his tawdry, superficial kingdom, McPherson wanders off. He gains nothing from his experiments, and this is well enough. He hunts in Africa, leisures in Paris, canoes in Canada and sentimentalizes in New York. All this we forgive him. But one day, he finds himself in St. Louis. He encounters a drunken mother, buys her three children, packs them into a train and drops them at the feet of his wife who, like some diluted Penelope, has been awaiting his return in a villa on the Hudson. "Not our children, but just some children is our need," he pronounces. And so, walks "across the lighted room to sit again with Sue at his own table, and to try to force himself back into the ranks of life." This is the last sentence of the book; the one episode that is made and insincere. I hope Mr. Anderson is ashamed of it. I hope he does not really believe that all man has to do, to [76] Waldo Frank find God, is to increase and multiply more helpless creatures like himself. This pretty surcease to trouble that comes from transferring the problems of life to the next generation is a biological fact. But it is not art. For with it is dimmed all the voluptuous speculation which flushes the novel as a sunrise transfigures a plain. Let life be happy, if it can. The sacred duty of art is to remain sorrowful, when it has challenged a consciousness of sorrow; to abide in the uncertain search of truth so long as the movement of mankind is hazardous. Let our heroes be joyous; but by conquering themselves, not by adopting children. The virtue of Mr. Anderson's book is that it is dynamic. His static ending is bad, because it breaks the rhythm. But it is worse since it slams the door on the vista of passionate inquiry which the book unfolds. Up to the end, we have a clear symbol of America's groping. At the end, we have nothing—in lieu of the suggested everything. But, of course, we may ignore the end. Or, in its fatuous simplicity, we may read still another symbol of America—a token of what might happen to us, if we sought at this stage to read our lives as a conclusion, rather than a commencement. I was not certain that Theodore Dreiser was a classic, until I had read this novel of Mr. Anderson. Its first half is a portal from which emerges an American soul. This portal is the immediate past, and in the works of Mr. Dreiser we find its definite expression. Beside their magnificent mass-rhythms, the opening chapters of Mr. Anderson are paltry. One feels, indeed, that the uneasy spirit of Sam McPherson has come forth, not from his own youth, not from his own pages, but from the choking structures of Mr. Dreiser. Mr. Dreiser may of course yet surprise us by the sudden discovery of a new spiritual light. He has not stopped writing. But I feel in his work the profound massiveness of a completed growth. Mr. Dreiser has caught the crass life of [77]Emerging Greatness the American, armoring himself with luxury and wealth that he misunderstands, with power whose heritage of uses he ignores. The tragedy of his hero is that of a child suddenly in possession of a continent; too unknowing to know that he is ignorant; too dazzled to be amazed. His books are a dull, hard mosaic of materials beneath which one senses vaguely a grandiose movement—like the blind shifting of quicksands or the imperceptible breathing of a glacier. This is Mr. Dreiser, and this is enough. But with Mr. Anderson, the elemental movement begins to have form and direction; the force that causes it is being borne into the air. Before Mr. Dreiser, there was "Huckleberry Finn"—there was, in other words, a formless delirium of color and of tangent. These are pre-cultural novels. And in the book of Mr. Anderson, I still find much of them. Indeed, the wandering of Sam McPherson has more than a superficial kinship with Huck Finn's passage down the Mississippi. The land that McPherson walks is still a land marred by men and women "who have not learned to be clean and noble like their forests and their plains." But Huck Finn is an animal boy, floating rudderless down a natural current, avid for food and play. And McPherson is a man, flung against his stream, avid for the Truth. . . . In conclusion, let us not forget that this is Mr. Anderson's first book, and that a succession of them are already written and will appear in their turn. The fact that Mr. Anderson is no longer young is no hindrance to our hope of his growth. Genius in America, if it does not altogether escape America, rises slowly. For it has far to come. The European is born on a plateau. America is still at a sea-level. The blundering, blustering native was thirty-seven before he became Walt Whitman. [78] The Dance By Louis Untermeyer IN most catalogs it is listed as the seventh art. Obviously, it should be the first. If the erudite statisticians whose souls worry along the shelves of the library had pierced their beloved Past further than the seventies, they would have recognized that the impulse to leap in the air was the first aesthetic expression of joy. It came before song, even before speech. The chant sprang up almost immediately after, to dramatize its emotion and the raw rhythm of the drum followed to intensify it. From its aboriginal pacings, its swaying and tossing limbs, the dance became the central passion of the tribe; it was its religion as well as its ecstasy. Even under the most cultured and sophisticated orders of early civilization the dance maintained its unifying power. From the solemn rituals of Apollo to the mad bacchanals of the Saturnalia, it was the outlet and expression of great groups and communities; it was the people who celebrated, never a person. It was only with the sweep of Christian dogma and its accompanying repressions and taboos that the dance was degraded; it became an exhibition instead of an exaltation. And even its exponents were fouled by an appreciation that was furtive and salacious. For, after the first wave of prohibitive hypocrisy had passed, people began to revive the dance. But its vigor and cleanness were not part of their revival; they came to enjoy the dance not because it was lovely but because it seemed lewd. [79] The Dance With the decay of this profound and thrilling art, the world suffered a loss that not all its manufactured beauty could redeem: the loss of the human body. That sentence is, of course, a piece of poetic rhetoric. The human body, like the poor, we have always with us; but, like the poor, it was covered with rags and hidden in dark places. The denial of its glory was like a denial of faith. But this denial has not accomplished its negation. It has had a far more evil effect. For it has put an unholy premium on bosoms; a thigh is something for "The Follies"; and a naked body is only for bar-room canvasses or an outraged Censor. The tyranny of dress instead of making people blind to the human body has merely made them dumb about it; a race of Peeping Toms. All arts have suffered with the hiding and debasing of the body. Since the Greeks and Romans, practically no statues have enriched the world other than Michelangelo's and a few heroic marbles, till Rodin began from the oldest of models. When the body fell into disrepute, sculpture fell with it. One has only to think of the stony cutaways and the baggy bronze trousers of our modern effigies to realize that these things were not merely the symbols of propriety but of statesmanship! And, as Rodin rescued sculpture from its horrible and humorless parodies, so Isadora Duncan saved dancing from its ridiculous pirouettings, its inane pas-deux and its paint and powder unrealities. Nothing could better illustrate her tremendous and salva-tionary influence than "The Book of the Dance" by Arnold Genthe (published by Mitchell Kennerley). For here are vivid and lovely proofs of a great movement of which she was both propagandist and prophetess. To have seen her. when she first danced to Gluck's "Iphigenia" was to have seen one of Beauty's swiftest but most memorable triumphs. And in her recent appearances, that triumph was even greater. For the rapture and revelation came through a body no longer [80] Louis Untermeyer beautiful in itself; an ecstasy that was as bodiless as the music with which it melted—austere, consecrated, compelling. Yet if Isadora Duncan had been merely an isolated and inspired dancer, her impetus would never have reached beyond certain permanent changes in the terpsichorean technique and a reaction from the stupid and over-elaborated formalism of the ballet. It was her fidelity to the fundamental strength of her art that was possibly her finest contribution; the conviction that the dance was a communal thing, to be brought to its highest development by the people rather than by a person. Out of this conviction grew her school and the development of the small group which she has been constantly enlarging. How contagious this idea was is again proved by Mr. Genthe's interpretive volume. Here are photographs, amazing in the way that they record a fluid curve or a changing rhythm without arresting them. Mr. Genthe has done something close to the impossible. He has caught with splendid intuition, the sharply exotic and obviously dramatic quality of Ruth St. Denis; the slender and supple virtuosity of Anna Pavlowa; the contortive eloquence of the Spanish dance; the almost harsh vigor of Lady Constance Stewart Richardso; even the infantile fancies of Lillian Emerson. In only one instance has he failed; in the photograph of Lydia Lopokowa there is no suggestion of the half-elfin, half-childlike whimsy that is her most insinuating charm. But what is one failure among a hundred successes! From the calm simplicity of Irma, Liesel and Anna (three of Isadora Duncan's girls) to the anonymous nudes, one is given hints and reminders of a wonder that has been too long absent from the world. Here is an echo of its ancient joy. The dance has come into its own again with a new blend of colors and countries. It comes to rouse and rejuvenate the arts and the world. For its leap is the joy of freedom and its buoyance is the laughter of youth. [81] Shaw and Religion By Floyd Dell BERNARD SHAW'S new book of plays and prefaces is a discussion of the two most important things in the world—religion and sex. Not, of course, that Mr. Shaw considers them of equal importance! The whole aim of his dramatic career has been to show that religion is more humanly important than sex. Certainly he has shown that it can be as humanly interesting—which is saying much: for sex recommends itself to literature as a motif of which the effects, whatever else may be said about them, are not usually too dull to chronicle. An instinct several million years older than the institutions of civilized life, it is found startlingly difficult of persuasion into conformity with those institutions; and the attempt to adjust it to the respectabilities and decencies, the refinements and codes, or the mere kindness and self-respect which should obtain in civilized life, provides an endless fund of curious, amusing, ironic and tragic incident. It was not because sex was uninteresting that Mr. Shaw once, in his "Plays for Puritans" period, abjured it formally as a dramatic theme. But Mr. Shaw, as a working dramatist, was disappointed to find that when civilization succeeded in taming sex there was nothing left to write about; while as a highly civilized person, Mr. Shaw was chagrined to observe that when sex triumphed over civilization the results were not such as he cared to celebrate. Whether it was Antony deserting the battle to follow the fleeing Cleopatra or a bank clerk [82] Floyd Dell sophisticating funds in order to spend them on a prostitute, Othello choking Desdemona or Bill Smith givin' 'is girl wot for—these things didn't appeal to Mr. Shaw as being the sort of thing that it was worth while expending words, costumes, scenery and electric light upon and calling large crowds of people together to behold. Mr. Shaw took the stage seriously. He couldn't bear to think of its being used merely to set forth the grotesque failure of civilization. Yet he must have been hard put to it to find a motif as interesting in its results as sex—until he discovered religion. It was a happy thought, and a new period in literature began with that moment. Our most popular magazine writers now deal with religious emotions quite as much as with sexual emotions, and their readers like it. For religion, like sex, is a deep and irrational passion that has nothing whatever to do with the respectabilities and codes and ordinary decencies of life, and it is usually, as a matter of fact, in violent conflict with them. Like sex, it is destructive, terrifying, comic and beautiful in its effects. Only—and this is why Mr. Shaw prefers religion—the drama of sex sets forth the discovery of the terrible weakness of the human soul, while the drama of religion sets forth the discovery of its awful strength. That is to say, it seems less edifying to Mr. Shaw to exhibit the catastrophe produced by the fact that Mr. X just can't help wanting to put his stenographer in his vest pocket, than to exhibit the catastrophe produced by the fact that a man just can't help saying he is a Christian even if he is going to be thrown to the lions for saying it. The sudden insanity which makes a man stronger than the Roman Empire is to Mr. Shaw a more beautiful spectacle than the sudden insanity which makes him weaker than a dish of breakfast food. The first thing that Mr. Shaw did, however, was to dissociate the religious motif from sermons, miracles and other churchly irrelevancies, and show us the religious emotions [83] Shaw and Religion that overwhelm ordinary people in street cars, restaurants, jails and editorial offices. Indeed, "Androcles and the Lion" is the first play in which he has shown the religious motif operating under the auspices of a recognized church. In one of his first plays, "The Devil's Disciple," it appeared simply as an irrational impulse which made a loafer stand up on the scaffold in place of another man whom he didn't like; the point being that he couldn't do otherwise and continue to enjoy his self-respect. Religion, in fact, appears in Mr. Shaw's plays as the sudden discovery that there are things that one cannot bring one's self to do. In this same early play a clergyman discovers that he cannot, by Heaven, sit at home and pray while there is fighting going on outside: in a moment of revelation he finds his real religion, the religion of the sword—and goes out to fight. It is not that Mr. Shaw prefers the religion of the sword to the religion of the Episcopal Church: it is rather that he cannot but admire the ecstasy which turns the soul to steel—which, again to speak for Mr. Shaw, is a more ennobling spectacle than that sudden obsessifi-cation of sex which turns the soul to gruel. Better, Mr. Shaw would say, whatever its results may be; and sometimes they are not, conventionally considered, nice. In "Fanny's First Play" a respectable young woman, in a moment of religious ecstasy, knocks a policeman's teeth down his throat; and in "The Doctor's Dilemma" the religion of the artist hero compels him to act like a cad and a swindler. But— they aren't ashamed of it. The things these people do are done in strength and not in weakness—and Mr. Shaw likes them for it. He likes them even when, like Ferrovius in "Androcles and the Lion," they find that their real beliefs are less angelical than they had imagined, and proceed to act proudly upon that discovery. But he likes them most when, like Lavinia in this same play, they have, in their moment of revelation, no beliefs at all—when they act in the stark mad- [84] Floyd Dell ness of spiritual pride. Lavinia, facing death for Christianity, finds that she does not believe in it any more; and yet she must die for it—for she cannot surrender to the Roman Empire. . . . . I met a man the other day whom Mr. Shaw would like. He was about to be deported to his own country because he was an anarchist, and hence, in the naive belief of this government, a man likely to throw bombs. If he was sent back to his own country he would be stood up against a wall and shot for refusing to serve in the army—since, as a matter of fact, he disbelieved in the use of force. Under these circumstances it seemed only reasonable for his friends to ask him to go before a United States judge and say: "I am not an Anarchist." But he refused to do so. It was not a moment to quibble over the term by which he called his beliefs; and he was not such a fool as to be concerned just then about the word. But to go before a representative of the organized exploitation and murder which is all the world has so far been able to evolve in the way of a government, and say: "It is not true that I have dreamed of anything better than this"—he couldn't do it. It is easy, then, to understand why Mr. Shaw, admiring this sort of strength, should decline to admire the weakness of an Antony or an Othello. Someone has described sex as a cat and man as a mouse, tortured and set free alternately . . . but not set free for long . . . crawling away toward some possible achievement, only to be pounced upon again, to feel the claws sunk in his flesh once more . . . It is not an inaccurate representation of the condition of a large part of the human race—but Mr. Shaw would rather cut off his hand than draw that picture. He refuses to accept life on those terms. And so, in a religious ecstasy of his own, he has invented the Shaw hero, superior to sex. He has, it is true, in "Man and Superman," conceded a kind of sexual preoccupation—to women: which has the merit of setting one-half of [85] Shaw and Religion mankind free, in Mr. Shaw's imaginary world, to dream of other things, until the fatal day of capture. It is in a mood of unusual candor that he presents us in this volume with "Overruled," a play in which all the characters are afflicted by sexual attraction. They are not Caesars, condescending for a moment to the education of Cleopatras; nor John Tanners, fleeing across the world from the doom of fatherhood; nor Greek professors saluting their fiancées with a chaste kiss across the big bass drum. They are men and women with husbands and wives in the offing, who sit on a sofa and throw their arms about each other because they can't help it. Such a concession, shattering as it does the elaborate fiction of the Shaw world, that dream paradise through which the sexes float in a serene unconsciousness of each other's existence, arouses all one's curiosity. It is not possible to imagine these characters being romantically wicked—that would be too complete a repudiation of all that Mr. Shaw has lived for. Well, then, are they going to be, for once in a Shaw play, humanly "vulgar"? It seems so for a moment. Mr. Shaw puts what must be to him the really tragic aspect of that side of life which he has conscientously omitted from his plays, as gracefully and lightly and—so as not to seem to take it too seriously—as comedically as he can, in this speech: GREGORY. I protest to the last. I'm against this. I have been pushed over a precipice. I'm innocent. This wild joy, this exquisite tenderness, this ascent into heaven can thrill me to the uttermost fibre of my heart, (with a gesture of ecstasy she hides her face on his shoulder), but it can't subdue my mind or corrupt my conscience, which still shouts to the skies that I'm not a willing party to this outrageous conduct. I repudiate the bliss with which you are filling me. [86]Floyd Dell In a word, "I know I am doing something I oughtn't to." That anyone should do anything he knows he oughtn't to, should concede surrender for a single instant to a non-civilized passion against his better judgment, should face the horrible and humiliating fact that his soul is powerless to quell the mutiny of his body—this is, from Mr. Shaw's point of view, tragedy. Why, then, does he make comedy out of it? Because he doesn't believe it is true. He won't allow this terrible state of affairs, which he announces, to be really the fact. Even though Gregory says so, it isn't so. It is just talk. He doesn't mean it. For—observe what happens. Gregory and the lady are interrupted—by her husband and his wife, who proceed to flirt in a very talkative fashion for a while, until they are interrupted by the former pair; and then they all talk, until it is time to go out to dinner, and the play ends. That is to say, we are back in the Shaw world, where sex, if it exists, finds its complete, satisfying and ultimate expression in the utterance of well-chosen words. The play is in fact based upon the convention—the Shaw convention—that people do not really want to do improper things. They only want to talk about them. This play, says Mr. Shaw in his preface, is "a clinical study of how the thing occurs among quite ordinary people." It is not to be presumed that Mr. Shaw wishes us to believe that ordinary people are always so opportunely interrupted in their folly. We are to take the interruption in a Pickwickian sense. If the interruption had not occurred, they would have yawned and bade each other good night. Indeed, I cannot imagine Shaw characters doing anything else. But I am something of a Puritan myself. I take all the pleasure in his clear, cool world that the Hebrews toiling under Pharaoh took in the thought of being led out to lie down in green pastures. In Shaw's plays I find a welcome surcease from the world of joy and pain, hope and heartbreak, in which [87] Shaw and Religion I and all the people that I know, live. It is an agreeable world—and I am offended to have it marred by the conduct of Gregory and Mrs. Juno in this play. What excuse have they for putting their arms about each other? If they were real human beings, honestly afflicted with the folly of a passion however rash and regrettable, they might be forgiven. But they are of that noble and divine race which inhabits Mr. Shaw's plays, and their conduct is a lapse from the good manners which I expect of them. I really consider it vulgar, and I hope Mr. Shaw will not let them do it again. [88] The American Composer By Paul L. Rosenfeld FOR the critic of the future remains the problem of estimating to what degree residence in America influenced the art of Charles Martin Loeffler and of Leo Ornstein. Patent enough to our own day is the fact that, however much Boston has imprinted its character on the composer of "A Pagan Poem" and New York given the genius of Ornstein its coloring, upon neither artist has the New World come as a process of actual assimilation. For both it has rather more been an experience shaping racial directions already present. Were their work shot through with America, could we, in consequence, claim it, there would doubtless exist in our hearts greater affection for American music. The moments would be less frequent when discussion of the art as it stands at present comes perilously near boring us. We would feel a thanksgiving for the American composer that even the presence among us of an Horatio Parker cannot stimulate to any heat. Above all, we should not have to look entirely to the future tor the music we want. Certainly, it is difficult to feel enthusiasm for American music as we know it to-day. But, however manifest this lack of cordiality, its origin still remains mysterious. Plentiful discussion has not succeeded in satisfactorily elucidating it. Of late, the blame has been laid to the American's lack of self-confidence that impels him to take his ideas and his art modestly and gratefully from Europe, and neglect his own. What- [89] The American Composer ever truth the suggestion contains, however much the failure of "Mona" can be explained in this fashion, one cannot ascribe to any such determinant the indifference of our public to the body of American music. In spite of a persistent truckling to the aesthetic arbitration of foreign societies, there still perseveres among us a favorable predisposition to work just because "it's all of it home-brewed." There is continual agitation throughout the country for the production of American compositions, and among both the native and foreign musicians in control of the situation there exists a corresponding willingness to produce such works, although this impulse is scarcely ever rewarded. The Metropolitan has courted failure after failure by mounting operas recommended chiefly by their domestic origin. The orchestral conductors have been assiduous and unsuccessful in their search for American novelties that please their audiences. The repeated offering of huge money-prizes as incentives to composition, the frequent festivals and concerts devoted solely to native talent, the never-ending discussion in the public prints of questions pertaining to Americanism in music, of remedies suggested for the present conditions, bear witness to a general wish for a grand national expression. But the wish has remained unfulfilled, and it is evident that such methods of stimulating art are unavailing. The ineffectuality of the American composer cannot be laid to the absence of desire for an American music. The appetite may be groping enough, but it is sufficiently conscious to feel intense disappointment with the response encountered up to the present moment. If the community is not certain precisely what it demands of the American composer, it feels, at least, that it gets from him nothing in any degree satisfying; that for solace and refreshment and inspiration it must go to the singers of other lands. It feels that his work, a pleasant enough diversion, is useless in the graver business of life, and with infallible practicality of instinct passes it over [90] Paul L. Rosenfeld as something unrelatable to common experience. And such it is. The fatal shortcoming of nine-tenths the music produced in America is its utter innocence of any vital relationship to the community. We have heard long the complaint that the American composer suffers from an unfami-liarity with his tools from which the superior technical education of the Old World saves the European. And it is ignorance of the use of his tools that hampers him. But by the use of tools one does not understand greater proficiency in counterpoint and orchestration. Of that he has sufficient It is rather the knowledge of how to handle his material. If there is anything he lacks, it is the ability to draw the substance of his art from out the life that surges about him. For what else but the life that the artist shares in common with his compatriots is the material from which art is molded? Physical loneliness he may feel, spiritual never; for there is in him consciousness of what swells the breasts about him, a power of translating into personal terms the common experience, a sense of linked arms and of hearts beating together in one high purpose; and out of it he shapes his art, and with it he reveals man to himself and to his fellow, nation to nation, and age to age. It does not come through an intellectual attitude. It is rather the product of that emotional relationship to life, that openness by means of which the spirit of a community, of a nation, of whole continents and ages, comes into a man, and transforms him in its own image. To Shakspere it came, to Balzac, to Whitman; to Bach and to Brahms; in our own day to Andreyev and to Strawinsky. Who touches them, touches a people, an age. Who touches the American composers, touches neither. Listen, if you will, to the clever and often erudite scores written here. Where for an instant do they speak of the proportions of our lives, of the energy in its myriad forms hurtling about us, of the vast hopes at stake, the vast dreams laboriously coming to birth, visible to any one [91] The American Composer with eyes half shut? Where for an instant is a ray cast into the chaos by which we can recognize ourselves, our fellows, our land, become conscious of health or evil, take new strength and courage and delight? Out of them all sounds one note, one common trait. A gulf separates the composer from the community for whom he would speak. The artist lives within himself, blind to what exists without, unacquainted with the very stuff of art. It is that unsubstantial contact that has lost the greater majoriy of our musicians the fruits of their efforts. Present to some extent in practically every American musician, that divorce from life can be seen operating most purely in the tragic figure of Edward MacDowell. The story of this unfortunate composer is that of an engagingly talented man, formed in Lisztian Germany, who on contact with his own land retired further and further into himself, at last with shattering completeness. The quality of his work, at its best of a sweetness marred by an everpresent suggestion of chintz, is not of the sort to arouse antagonism. The weakness lies in the spiritual direction which it reveals. Joined sometimes with a warmer, sometimes with a duller talent, one perceives some variation of it in all his fellow-craftsmen. That turning-away from reality toward a pallid dream-world, that sense of experience largely aesthetic, that tendency to sentimentalize over objects that have succeeded in entering consciousness—deserted farms, October sunsets, bricked fire-places, Indian leg-gends—is characteristically repeated and modified. One feels it in the preciosity of a Hadley, a Chadwick, in the poetizings of a Converse, in the denaturization of a Daniel Gregory Mason or a David Stanley Smith. The impulse that set John Alden Carpenter to writing fanciful little sketches about his ideas of a baby's sensations, the cold and almost cynical detachment displayed in Schelling's "Symphonic Variations", the attempt of a Stillman-Kelly to resurrect in his "New England [92] Paul L. Rosen feld Symphony" the Pilgrim Father emotion, are easily recognizable variants. The exact quality of each talent may differ; the relationship to the life of the Republic, intellectual at best, never. One composer alone stands apart from the group. Were it not for Horatio Parker, one might suppose a divorce from reality the inalienable destiny of the American composer. It is from the viewpoint of the achievements of the creator of "Hora Novissima" and "Mona" that the want of the others becomes clear. For in Dr. Parker's work, an art that unites something of the brilliance of Richard Strauss with some of the turgidity of Max Reger, there speak a strength and an intensity, a sense of the actual feel of life almost absent from other American music. That the attainment of a vital contact was something of a struggle for him, much of his work attests. But, whatever its limitations, there has gone into it much of the austerity and earnestness and idealism of the New England civilization out of which he comes; and with the folk-songs of Stephen Foster it remains the one musical expression of America. If it throws into bolder relief the inef-fectuality of the rest of the art, it also constitutes an earnest of what glorious things lie with the future. It is faith that, in the final test, is wanting the American composer, as it is wanting the rest of us—faith in the American destiny. So much have we lacked it that consciousness of our tepidity is but slow in reaching us. We have long turned our back on our land, content with being outposts of Europe, vouchsafing America only a half-hearted interest. From the cowardice of withholding ourselves we must now part. It is something more than an interest, half-hearted or full, that is demanded of us if we cherish our salvation, personal and common. From us there is now asked the surrender of ourselves to her life, the gift of ourselves to her future. There is asked of us supreme faith in her, love of her, belief that her highest good is the highest good of all that world. [93] The American Composer That alone can save us from sterility and sentimentalism, that alone can enable us to throw ourselves, our energy, our dreams, forward, give ourselves to the nature in which we live that she may fill us with her strength. It is faith alone that can let her come in on us and make us new. We must go on where Whitman led, casting from us our past, joyously sure that where the wizard power of faith goes, there life follows after. For all of us, it is the way to fruitfulness; for the artist, the way to his art. And for the composer, once he touches the life that nature spends so prodigally here, what power! It seems as if nature were prepared to deliver into his hands all the kingdoms of the world, if he but fulfil the conditions she demands. If we have already produced the staunch genius that reveals itself in the best of Dr. Parker's art, the promise shown in the fine sense of style, the feeling for form in the work of A. Walter Kramer, in the rapidly flowering talents of many of the new generation of musicians, what cannot be expected of saner conditions? The demolition of the old rules makes way for a musical expression as crude and powerful as American nature itself. The efflorescence of the new Russian, the new French art, music written out of a return to nature, music that sounds as if the national genius had hurled itself into a Strawinsky or a Ravel, and poured itself out through their pens, comes as a trumpet-call to all who would dare afresh. The music of all races and all ages, from that of Asia to the songs of our negroes and aborigines, the fierce rhythms of our rag-time, are before us, to teach, and to be used. Over the country, leaping from town to town, ramifying miraculously, spreads a love of music, blazing the path for the song of democracy. But let our composers write over their art the words in which Strawinsky made his proud apology for "Le Sacre du Printemps":—"I have performed an act of faith," and a great national music will be ours. [94] A Preface to the December Number WE had planned to print an essay by Van Wyck Brooks on "Young America" in the November issue, when we received Romain Rollando "America and the Arts." We then saw that Mr. Brooks had unconsciously written what might be both continuation and corrective of Mr. Rolland's essay. Against the hopes of a great European he pits the painful self-consciousness of awakening America; the doubts, the fears and the aspirations. It seemed necessary then to save "Young America" for December. With Mr. Brooks, a creative power in criticism emerges: a wedge behind which the new forces in our arts may advance. Kahlil Gibran, whose profound and beautiful "Night and the Madman" appears in the current issue, has several other delightful excerpts from his play "The Madman." This play is in Arabic, but Mr. Gibran has proven himself equally great in his use of English. Kahlil Gibran was born on Mt. Lebanon and among those many millions who read Arabic is considered the genius of the epoch. He is a painter, a dramatist, a critic and a poet, and equally significant, a man of the Old World who has chosen America for his home and work because of his faith in our future. His work will appear from time to time in The Seven Arts. Waldo Frank has written with deep insight of the work of Sherwood Anderson in this issue. A story by Mr. Anderson, "Queer," appears in December. There is also a story by J. D. Beresford, an adventurous and important variant from that author's tendency in "Jacob Stahl." J. D. Beresford and D. H. Lawrence are perhaps the most significant English prose-writers of today. Arthur Davison Ficke has sent us "the poem he didn't even dare to submit to any other magazine." It should not surprise us if this poem "The Headland" became a permanent addition to American literature. Louis Untermeyer has rendered in haunting rhythm and rhyme the cadences and shadows of a New York side-street in summer. Edna Kenton discusses with fine satire the nature of the modern woman as she evolves painfully through the modern novel. Peter Minuit has an engaging paper on the art of architecture as it appears —or fails to—in America. By applying the rules of common-sense to a scrutiny of "towers, domes, theaters and temples" of New York he throws a strange light on ourselves. Leo Ornstein contributes a study of Strawinsky and the modern Russian music. Mr. Ornstein was born 22 years ago in Russia, but has lived in America since 1907. In spite of his age, he is already recognized in Europe as one of the great figures of modern music. Willard Huntington Wright, who is an acknowledged authority on art, has an article on "Aesthetic Form." [95]Established 1849 MARK CROSS Trademark LONDON Actual Makers The World's Greatest Leather Stores Mark Cross New York 404 Fifth Avenue (at 37th Street) 253 Broadway Boston 145 Tremont Street London 89 Regent Street A Book Shop of Individuality The Washington Square Booh Shop Open Evenings until 10 137 Macdougal St., New York City Montessori Classes and Primary for children from 2 to 8 years old The aim of this school is to develop each child's personality as a basis for social consciousness. Emphasis is placed on creative self-expression through music, drawing, dancing, carpentry, etc. Special afternoon play-hours for children of 2 and 3 years. Write for booklet. Miss Margaret Naumburg Miss Irene Tasker, Associate Tel. 4894 Plaza 17 East 60th Street New York Frederick Keppel and Co Etchings BY REMBRANDT WHISTLER M ERYON HADEN,ZORN AND OTHER MASTERS ON exhibition in our galleries 4 East 39th ST. NEW Y0RK Arnold Genthe Photographer Portraits in color and monochrome Studio: 1 West 46th Street Thorley Bldg., Fifth Ave., and 46th St. New York City Telephone Number Bryant 2388 MANUFACTURERS Artist Canvas, Easels, Oil Colors, Tempera Colors, Water Colors, Artist Materials finest make. Masterful designed frame mouldings for 1917 that are plus par excellence, possessing strong attractive carrying lines, at prices that will appeal to you. Now on exhibition at our shop. E. H. and A. C. Friedrichs Co. 169 West 57th Street ESTABLISHED 1868 Are you a Highbrow? PERHAPS you have a friend who reads The New Republic. Perhaps he wears tortoise-shell glasses and memorizes Burke's speech on Conciliation. Perhaps, now and then, he invades the domesticity of your home, settles down in your most comfortable chair and begins—"I've noticed in The New Republic . . ." After which he consumes three hours in a pleasant debate with himself over The New Republic's attitude on microcosmography. And when he goes you roll your eyes toward the ceiling and thank heaven you're not a highbrow. And then, perhaps, you slink down to the movies. This is not really your tragedy. It is ours. Because it has a fondness for intelligence The New Republic has to risk a reputation for dullness—among those who have only heard about it from the ultra-serious. We claim that it is possible to be interesting and entertaining and still not publish interviews with Eva Tanguay, early anecdotes of Jess Willard, "red-blooded" fiction, white satin "confessions", hints for housewives, or appreciations of Charlie Chaplin's feet. If you agree with us try a four months' Acquaintance Subscription. Many things can happen in four months. You may yourself begin to say, "I've noticed in The New Republic . . ." And then somebody else can escape to the movies. Pin a dollar bill to this strip and mail it to 421 West 21st Street, New York City, for a four months' Acquaintance Subscription to The New Republic. Name........................................................... Address........................................................ Amy Lowell's New Book MEN, WOMEN and GHOSTS By the Author of "Six Fre?ich Poets", "Sword Blades and Poppy Seed"etc. A remarkable collection of stories in verse which will again affirm the importance of Miss Lowell's unique place among the poets of our day. Her work in this volume, whether written in old forms or new, cannot fail to awaken deeper interest in one who is perhaps the biggest inspirational force in contemporary poetry. Now ready at all bookstores, S 1.2 5 HE MACMILLAN COMPANY, Publishers, NEW YORK The Ehrich Galleries Dealers in "Old Masters" Exclusively 707 FIFTH AVENUE at 55th Street NEW YORK "OLD MASTERS," great books and music have always inspired the great minds of the world, but of these only paintings are possible of exclusive possession and so gain every year in appreciation and value. The Ehrich Galleries deal solely in "Old Masters" and for thirty years have assembled paintings of the very first rank. Any painting purchased from us is exchangeable at full purchase price. [pgbrk]