The Crisis The CRISIS Vol. 21-No. 5 MARCH, 1921 Whole No. 125 ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY "The Weekly Newspaper of the Hour" A Red-Blooded, Two-Fisted Journal NewYork Dispatch Rough-Shod, But Clothed With Truth UNBOSSE D P e r Y e a r UNAFRAID and Three Months' Trial Subscription „,,„„„„,„„„ „ UNBIASSE D UNSUBS1D1ZED 75 Cents The New York Dispatch is more than a newspaper—it is an International Forum. Upward of 7000 people can share in its ownership. You, too, can be one of its Owners and Contributors. THE DISPATCH PLATFORM: LESS CRIME AND LESS SCANDAL FEATURING Indorsed by President Hadley of Yale, Oswald Garrison Villard, Robert R. Moton, J. Stanley Durkee, John Gregg and others desiring cleaner journalism. Send Us Your Subscription Today USE THIS COUPON Community New Vork Dispatch, 2] W. 134th Stree New York City. Publishing Gentlemen:—Send me the New York Dispatch for ' CoiTipctny lllC .1 enclose herewith $. Publishers of the Name Slnct No. or P.ox. Dispatch City and State THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS: JESSIE REDMON FAUSET, LITERARY EDITOR; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER. Vol. 21—No. 5 MARCH 1921 Whole No. 125 PICTURES p«« g COVER. Photograph of the Misses Dent. A STREET SCENE IN BARBADOES, B. W. I. 201 BETA CHAPTER, CHICAGO, OF THE ALPHA KAPPA ALPHA SORORITY 216-17 JUDGES AND CLERKS AT THE ELECTION, BALTIMORE 216-17 MEN OF THE MONTH 219 ARTICLES THE BATTLE OF 1920 AND BEFORE—ELEVENTH ANNUAL REPORT OF THE N. A. A. C. P. Illustrated 202 THE EMANCIPATOR OF BRAZIL. Jessie Fauset. Illustrated 208 THE FOOLISH AND THE WISE. A Story. Lelia Amos Pendleton 210 THE BLACK SWAN. Illustrated 212 CHICAGO 213 A CORRECTION 213 DEPARTMENTS OPINION 197 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 202 MEN OF THE MONTH 215 THE LOOKING GLASS 218 THE HORIZON 223 THE APRIL CRISIS The April CRISIS i= Easter Number with a beautiful cover by Battey. There is a thrilling story by the young Russian writer, Maria Moravski. FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS ; The dale of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old! and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. . Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the post office at New York, New York, under the Act of Marco 3, 1879, THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it it young in history, the Institution feels a just pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teacher Training Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Arts and Science* The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economics The Department of Social Service TERM OPENED SEPTEMBER 21, 1920 For farther information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina STATE OF NEW JERSEY LINCOLN UNIVERSITY Pioneer in Collegiate and MANUAL TRAINING &amp; Theological Education Lincoln Men are Leaders in the various INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL professions in Forty States. FOR COLORED YOUTH The College is ranked in Class I. by the American Medical Association. BORDENTOWN, N. J. Address: A high institution for the training of John B. Kendall, D.D., Lincoln University, colored youth. Excellent equipment, Chester County, Penna. thorough instruction, wholesome surroundings. Academic training for all students. The Cheyney Training School Courses in carpentry, agriculture and trades for boys, including auto refor Teachers pairing. Cheyney, Pa. Courses in domestic science and do Made in 1920 an accredited State Normal School, mestic art for girls. offering in addition to the regular Normal course A new trades building, thoroughly of two years professional three year courses in Home equipped. Economic* and Manual Training. A diploma from any of these courses makes a graduate eligible to teach New girls' dormitory thoroughly and in the public schools of Pennsylvania. A three-year modernly equipped. High School Course is offered to all who have completed the eighth grammar grade. Terms reasonable. Board and Tuition $158.00 Fall term opened September, 1920. 1st Semester, September 13, 1920 • For information address 2nd Semester,' January 26, 1921 For further particulars and catalog, write— W. R. VALENTINE, Principal LESLIE PINCKKEY HILL, Principal, CHEYNEY, PA. Mention The Crisis. THE CRISIS Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College. Special emphasis is laid upon the training of teachers. Students come from all parrs of the South. Graduates have a fine record for successful work. For further informatron address President Edward T. Ware Atlanta, Ga. IllllllllllltlillUIIIII iNmUiilm.iliMllliwiiH.llllll.iiNliimNIIINIPL KNOXVILLE COLLEGE Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Institution offers full courses in the following- departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School, Domestic Science, | Nurse Training and Industrial. 1 Good water, steam heat, electric lights, | natural drainage, splendid dormitories, Ex-|penseB very reasonable. | Began September 15, 1920. | For catalog and other information address | PRESIDENT J. KELLY GIFFEN Know UK, Tenn. | mmnrmnmiimiimrmimmnTi^ 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1920 ATLANTA, GEORGIA Over 100 acres of beautiful campus. Twelve buildings with new $100,000 administration building with modem chapel and gymnasium under construction. Strong faculty—Religious atmosphere—Athletics—Co-educational. Admission only by application. RE-ARRANGED COURSES OF STUDY Junior High School—7th and 8th Grades and lit and 2nd Tears* High School Courses, with Certificate. Junior College—3rd and 4th Year High School with Freshman and Sophomore years of College work, with Diploma. College—Four years above High School, or two years above Junior College Course, with degree- of A.B. Domestic Science—Commerce—formal— Pre-medical Course 51st year of nine months opened September 22, 1920. $16.00 per month pays tuition, board, room and laundry. HARRY ANDREWS KING, President l&amp;ty Jfloriba Agricultural anb iHecfjanical College Offers courses leading to certificates, diplomas and degrees. Nathan B. Young, President Tallahassee, Florida STATE UNIVERSITY, Louisville, Ky. Founded 1879. The only Institution In the Stat* having (or 1« object Colled.te, Ministerial. Medical, and Legal training for Colored citizen. Id Kentucky. Special training In Insurance. Social Service, Nursing and {format! Commercial. Mule Domeetl* Science, Mlulenari training ijiT" _ ol M com*. DaVM offered. Pre.ld.oa C. H. Paiilsh ADVERTISER MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College. Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years (or its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the jnly institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information, address JOHN HOPE, President. FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE. N. C. Blddle UnlTerslty. operated ander the auplce* tf the Northern P^byteiiin Church, has four Depart menu—liig&gt;* Scnool, Arts ami Sciences Theological and Industrial. The coma let ion *f a Grammar School course Is the requirement for entrance w the flnt rear of the High School. The School of Arts and Sciences offers two &lt;H&gt;iirn«, of study, the Classical sod the Scientific. in ths scientific. German la substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Claas is IS units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first la purely English. Greek and Hebrew are taught In the others. All students In the High School Dept. are required to take trades In the Industrial Dept. For further information, address President H. L. MeCrerey. Charlotte, N. C. Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, High School Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Scwmg, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester began September, 1920. For further information address JOHN H. LEWIS, President BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Boar 1 Msatfea T n Caws. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Wiley University Marshall, Texas Recognized as a college of first class by Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma State Boards of Education. Harvard, Boston University. University of Illinois and University of Chicago represented or. its faculty. One hundred twenty-seven in College Department, session 1919-1920. Several new buildings, steam heated and electric lighted. M. W. DOGAN, President Talladega College Talladega, Alabama Founded in 1867 for the Education of Negro Leaders Beautiful and Healthful Location. Literary, Scientific, Educational, Social Service, Theological, Musical, Business Administration, Journalism, Nurse Training Courses. High Standards of Christian Manhood and Womanhood. For further information address F. A. SUMNER, President "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNE, --Principal HALE INFIRMARY AND NURSE TRAINING SCHOOL, 325 Lake Street, Montgomery, Ala. Offers to High School graduates and young women of higher education and good moral character, between the ages of 18 and 36, a three years' course in the profession of nursing. For further information apply to the Superintendent enclosing a stamp. 30-DAY SYSTEM Positions Secured DERRICK BUSINESS SCHOOL The School of Results The Only One of Its Kind SHORTHAND TOUCH TYPEWRITING BOOK-KEEPING OFFICE TRAINING n r We are now in OUR OWN NEW sw BUILDING. Spacious class rooms equipped with every modern office device. Derrick Students learn quickly and earn while they are learning. ENROLL IMMEDIATELY to insure Class Placement Comfortable Dormitories for Young Women Write for Catalog 14—Ful l information of Winter Term. 1514 PINE ST., PHILADELPHIA, PA. M. J. DERRICK, Prin. &amp; Mgr. The Stenographers' Institute Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping-, Commercial Law New classes organized April 4th Edward T. Duncan, Pres., 1227 S. 17th St., Pbila, Pa. Mention T COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptlit State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H. Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHAKGE, 6138 Germantown Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa. ST. PAUL'S HOUSE A TRAINING SCHOOL FOR BOYS High Christian Standard Address the Chaplain THE REV. WM. E. HENDRICKS 234 West Penn Street Germantown, Philadelphia, Pa. The Lincoln Hospital and Home TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES in the city of New York offers to young colored women a three years' course of instruction in nursing. Capacity of hospital—420 beds. Post Graduate Course of six months to graduates of accredited schools. For information apply to: Superintendent of Nurse* Lincoln Hospital and Home New York, N.Y. 1 Crisis. THE CRISIS Vol. 21. No. 5 MARCH, 1921 Whole No. 125 opinion W. E. B. Du bois A QUARTER MILLION EAR before last the N. A. A. C. P. counted 90,000 members; last year because of the assault on our secretary in Texas and the post-war slump in all united effort we had about 88,000 members. This year, recovered and alive, with a new secretary and new assistants, with our hands so full of work and the field so ripe for harvest that we scarcely know where to begin, we are launching a spring drive. We are going to find 250,000 red-blooded black and white men and women who believe in freedom and in the methods which we have proven worth fighting with. If you belong to us, renew your membership now and bring a brother. If you have been sitting on the side lines, cheering, get into the game. If you have been standing outside criticizing and doubting and hesitating, read our record printed in these pages, and get busy. Do something. Join us! Help us! We have not all the wisdom, but we have some. We have not yet created a new heaven and a new earth, but we have done more than talk and gesticulate. Members of the N. A. A. C. P. pay from $1 to $10 or more a year. THE CRISIS costs $1.50 a year. Spend at least $2.50 now on freedom for your children. AN OPEN LETTER TO WARREN GAMALIEL HARDING Sir: Y an unprecedented vote you have been called to the most powerful position in the gift of mankind. Of the more than hundred million human beings whose destiny rests so largely with you in the next four years, one in every ten is of Negro descent. Your enemies in the campaign sought to count you among this number and if it were true it would give us deep satisfaction to welcome you to the old and mystic chrism of Negro-land, whence many mighty souls have stepped since time began. But blood and physical descent are little and idle things as compared with spiritual heritage. And here we would see you son of the highest: a child of Abraham Lincoln and Lloyd Garrison and Frederick Douglass ; a grandson of Thomas Jefferson and John Quincy Adams; and a lineal descendant of the martyred Fathers of the Free of all times and lands. We appeal to you: we the outcast and lynched, the mobbed and murdered, the despoiled and insulted; and yet withal, the indomitable, unconquered, unbending and unafraid black children of kings and slaves and of the best blood of the workers of the earth— WE WANT THE RIGHT TO VOTE. WE WANT TO TRAVEL WITHOUT INSULT. WE WANT LYNCHING AND MOB-LAW QUELLED FOREVER. WE WANT FREEDOM FOR OUR BROTHERS IN HAITI. We know that the power to do these things is not entirely in your hands, but its beginnings lie there. After the fourth of March, on you more than on any other human being rests the redemption of the blood of Africa and through it the peace of the world. 197 198 THE CRISIS All the cruelty, rape and atrocities of slavery; all the groans and humiliations of half-freedom; all the theft and degradation of that spirit of the Ku Klux mob that seeks to build a free America o'n racial, religious and class hatred—the weight of all this woe is yours. You, Sir, whether you will or no, stand responsible. You are responsible for the truth back of the pictures of the burning of Americans circulated in European drawing-rooms; for the spectacle of 82% of the voters of the South disfranchised under a government called a democracy; for the hypocrisy of a nation seeking to lend idealism to the world for peace when within its own borders there is more murder, theft, riot and crucifixion than was ever even charged against Bolshevik Russia. In the name of our fathers, President Harding, our fathers black and white who toiled and bled and died to make this a free and decent nation, will you not tear aside the cobwrebs of politics, and lies of society, and the grip of industrial thieves, and give us an administration which will say and mean: the first and fundamental and inescapable problem of American democracy is Justice to the American Negro. If races cannot live together in peace and happiness in America, they cannot live together in the world. Race isolation died a century ago. Human unity within and without Nations, must and will succeed—and you, Sir, must start bringing this to pass. PAN-AFRICA HE growth of a body of pub lic opinion among peoples of Negro descent broad enough to be called Pan-African is a movement belonging almost entirely to the twentieth century. Seven hundred and fifty years before Christ the Negroes as rulers of Ethiopia and conquerors of Egypt were practically supreme in the civilized world; but the character of the African continent was such that this supremacy brought no continental unity; rather the inhabitants of the narrow Nile Valley set their faces toward the Mediterranean and Asia more than toward the western Sudan, the valley of the Congo and the Atlantic. From that time even in the rise of the Sudanese kingdoms of the 13th, 14th and 15th centuries there was still no Pan-Africa; and after that the slave trade brought continental confusion. In 1900 at the time of the Paris Exposition there was called on January 23, 24 and 25 a Pan-African Conference in Westminster Hall, London. This conference said in its address to the world: "In the metropolis of the modern world, in this the closing year of the nineteenth century, there has been assembled a congress of men and women of African blood, to deliberate solemnly upon the present situation and outlook of the darker races of mankind. The problem of the twentieth century is the problem of the colour line, the question as to how far differences of race, which show themselves chiefly in the colour of the skin and the texture of the hair, are going to be made, hereafter, the basis of denying to over half the world the right of sharing to their utmost ability the opportunities and privileges of modern civilization." A second conference was held at Tuskegee Institute about 1912. Finally, at the time of the Peace Conference in Paris, February, 1919, the first Pan-African Congress was called. The interest in this congress was worldwide among the darker-peoples. Delegates were elected in the United States, the West Indies, South and West Africa and elsewhere. Most of them, of course, were prevented from attending by war measures and physical difficulties. However, there did assemble in Paris, 57 delegates from 15 countries where over 85,000,000 Negroes and persons of African descent dwell. Resolutions were adopted taking up the question of the relation of Africa OPINION to the League of Nations, and the general questions of land, capital, labor, education, hygiene and the treatment of civilized Negroes. Blaise Diagne, Deputy from Senegal and Commissioner in charge of the French Colonial Troops, was elected president of a permanent organization, and W. E. B. DuBois of the United States, Editor of THE CRISIS, was made secretary. A second congress was called to meet in Paris in September, 1921. Meantime, the feeling of the necessity for understanding among the Africans and their descendants has been growing throughout the world. There was held from March 11-29, 1920, the National Congress of British West Africa. This body after careful conference adopted resolutions concerning legislative reforms, the franchise, administrative changes, a West African University, commercial enterprise, judicial and sanitary programs. They also stated their opinion concerning the land question and self-determination and sent a deputation to the King. The deputation, consisting of 3 lawyers, 2 merchants, an ex-Deputy Mayor, a physician and a native ruler, went to England and presented to the King a demand for the right to vote, local self-government, and other matters. Other movements have gone on. In the agitation for Egyptian independence there is a large number of men of Negro descent. In South Africa, the African Political Organization and the Native Congress have had a number of conferences and have sent delegates to London, protesting against the land legislation of the Union of South Africa. In the Canal Zone and in the West Indies have come movements looking toward union of effort among peoples of African descent and emphasizing the economic bond. In the United States there is the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, with its 90,000 members and its very wide influence and activities. Many of these movements will be represented in the second Pan-African Congress next fall, and out of this meeting will undoubtedly grow a larger and larger unity of thought among Negroes and through this, concerted action. At first this action will probably include a demand for political rights, for economic freedom— especially in relation to the land— for the abolition of slavery, peonage and caste, and for freer access to education. THE LEAGUE OF NATIONS ORTY-ONE nations, including nearly every Negro and mu latto and colored government | of the world, have met in Geneva and formed the assembly of the League of Nations. This is the most forward-looking event of the century. Because of the idiotic way in which the stubbornness of Woodrow Wilson and the political fortunes of the Republicans became involved, the United States was not represented. But despite its tumult and shouting this nation must join and join on the terms which the World lays down. The idea that we single-handed can dictate terms to the World or stay out of the World, is an idea born of the folly of fools. The Parliament of Man, the Federation of the World, is a fact; but it is not a fact calling for the sigh of relief or the folding of hands. The question of control leaps to the forefront and that control, thanks to the insincere Wilson, the astute Lloyd George and a cynical Clemenceau, rests today in the hands of the imperial, military and industrial dictators of the world. It is the next duty of the world to wrest this power from them. With a world of democracies this would be easy and the first step toward World Democracy in the League of Nations is Democracy in each nation. "Self-determination", a "world safe for democracy", a "new 200 THE CRISIS freedom" for all men,—black, brown, yellow and white—these slogans survive the downfall of the man who mouthed them and are as eternally true and pressing as though he had never lived. BLEEDING IRELAND 0 people can more exactly in terpret the inmost meaning of the present situation in Ire 1 land than the American Negro. The scheme is simple. You knock a man down and then have him arrested for assault. You kill a man and then hang the corpse for murder. We black folk are only too familiar with this procedure. In a given city, a mob attacks us unprepared, unsuspecting, and kills innocent and harmless black workingmen in cold blood. The bewildered Negroes rush together and begin to defend themselves. Immediately by swift ledgerdemain the mob becomes the militia or a gang of "deputy sheriffs". They search, harry and kill the Negroes. They disarm them and loot their homes, and when the city awakes after the "race riot", the jail is filled with Negroes charged with rioting and fomenting crime! So in Ireland! The Irish resist, as they have resisted for hundreds of years, various and exasperating forms of English oppression. Their resistance is called crime and under ordinary conditions would be crime; in retaliation not only the "guilty" but the innocent among them are murdered and robbed and public property is burned by English guardians of the Peace! All this must bring mingled feelings of dismay to Irishmen. No people in the world have in the past gone with blither spirit to "kill niggers" from Kingston to Delhi and from Kumassi to Fiji. In the United States, Irish influence not only stood behind the mob in Cincinnati, Philadelphia and New York, but still stands in the American Federation of Labor to keep out Negro workingmen. All this contains no word of argument against the ultimate freedom of Ireland—which God speedily grant!— but it does make us remember how in this world it is the Oppressed who have continually been used to cow and kill the Oppressed in the interest of the Universal Oppressor. THE WOMAN VOTER u&gt;P «MIHE colored women have made a W&amp;gji splendid record at their first E y&amp;&amp; national election. Applying EgaJal for registration in large numbers, they endured purposeful delays and deliberate insults. They have shown themselves in states like Georgia and Louisiana to be more modern and sensible than their white sisters; and throughout the country they cast a large and influential vote. In the encouragement which they have received before and since the election there has been but one false note. James B. Dudley, colored president of a state school in Greensboro, N. C , came out in the local paper before election with several columns of advice to colored women not to attempt to vote. The arguments adduced deserve no particular consideration. They were the familiar remarks about "women in the home" and the general unwisdom of Negroes "meddling" in politics. Mr. Dudley received the usual pat on the back from the white editor. The grave and astonishing thing about this is that at this late day a Negro leader, North or South, should dare to advise colored men or women not to vote. This was a general procedure 25 and even 15 years ago, but we have almost forgotten it, and it is to be hoped that James B. Dudley is the last of a pitiable group. Bishop C. H . Phillips is not dead, as the February CRISIS intimated. We wish him a long and happy life. 201 National • Associaiion - for the Advancement of Colored.-People. THE BATTLE OF 1920 AND BEFORE (Eleventh Annual A PAID organization which demands the •*• support of thinking men must at regular intervals make an account of what it has done, what it proposes to do, and what moneys it has received and how it has expended them. §1—What we have done The N. A. A. C. P. was founded in 1909 and incorporated in 1911. From that time to 1920 it held in the United States nearly 2,000 large meetings and conferences1—not to mention thousands of other meetings at which it appealed for justice for Americans of Negro descent before, perhaps, four millions of people. In addition it sent 4,462,899 copies of TH E CRISIS to every state in the Union and to every country on the globe. It distributed millions of copies of other literature. It has from the first taken the matter of the rights of American Negroes into the courts. Court cases have been defended involving false arrest, peonage, segregation, "Jim Crow" cars, the right to vote, intermarriage, civil service, rioting, lynching, slander and civil rights in general. Many of these cases have been lost; but we have won remarkable victories, as in the case of the segregation law, which was declared unconstitutional, November 5, 1917, and in the case of the "Grandfather Clause" for which we joined with others in defending a suit which resulted in the outlawing of that method of disfranchisement. We have won hundreds of civil rights cases involving the right to use theatres, restaurants and other places of public entertainment, from Boston to California, and we have gained forward looking decisions in peonage and lynching cases. Another avenue of work has been to oppose hostile legislation. In this we have been signally successful. Of 13 anti-intermarriage bills introduced in state legislatures in 1913, we helped to kill 12; of 20 anti-Negro measures introduced in the 63rd Report, Abridged) Congress, including inter-marriage, "Jim Crow" bills, service in the Army and Navy, segregation, etc., we did efficient work in helping to kill every one; of 11 similar bills in the 64th Congress not one was made into law largely because of our work. In many cases of laws about to be enacted we have succeeded in protecting the rights of colored people, as in the Smith-Lever Bill for national aid to agricultural training and in the Civil Rights Bill enacted in New York and copied in several other states. We have especially sought to attack the barbarous practice of lynching. We have raised an Anti-Lynching Fund which was first used to call a great anti-lynching con ference. We sent literature concerning lynching, together with pictures, all over the civilized world so as to arouse protest from men like Bernard Shaw and others. We have helped in the passage of a law in Ken tucky to punish sheriffs who surrender pris oners. We have made the statistics of lynching available to everyone and we have encouraged a series of careful personal in vestigations. We have made special efforts to create judicial precedents and to put states on record against lynching by induc ing governors in three notable cases to re fuse to extradite Negro prisoners threat ened with lynching. Finally we have had in troduced into Congress bills to investigate lynching and to punish lynchers by Federal action. We have especially given attention to the economic rights of Negroes, investigating workingmen's riots like those in St. Louis and Chicago, opposing discrimination against Negroes in civil service and in labor unions, disclosing illegal efforts for stopping colored workers from migrating, and illegal oppression in places where they have gone. In the outbreaks of race rioting we fur nished investigators, lawyers and publicity. In elections we have questioned leading candidates, from presidents down, on their 202 N. A. A. C. P. attitude toward our civil rights. We kept one judge, who had decided that Negroes had no right in Pullman cars, off the bench of the Supreme Court, and we have helped to defeat congressmen and other officers whom we considered enemies of the race. We have fought discrimination in great public movements, as in the National Bar Association, and when the World War broke upon us we began a fight that made Negro officers possible. We carried on the effort to secure for them fair treatment and promotion. We worked against discrimination in the draft in the S. A. T. C. and against nurses and physicians. We led the march of Silent Protest which was made in a dozen cities against unpatriotic discrimination. We have aided unjustly condemned pris oners, from poor little Virginia Christian in Virginia and Pink Franklin in South Carolina to the 12 victims of intended judi cial lynching in Arkansas. We have initiated a Pan-African Congress as a means of assembling together Negroes and persons of African descent throughout the world for self-knowledge and self-protec tion. To do this work our officers in a single year traveled over 100,000 miles, and in the ten years they have traveled a distance equal to twenty times around the earth. To support this work we have sought the co-operation of men and women of every race who believe in justice. Our membership has grown as follows: Branches Members 19)2 3 329 1913 10 1,100 1914 24 3,000 1915 50 6,000 1916 70 8,785 1917 80 9,282 1918 165 43,994 1919 310 91,203 1920 356 88,277 Work like this costs money and we have raised during these 11 years the following sums: 1911 $5,108.90 1912 11,816.15 1913 : 16,841.73 1914 14,030.70 1915 13,094.30 1916 23,521.48 1917 14,427.27 1918 29,454.11 1919 61,755.70 1920 47,211.53 The total contributions to the Anti-Lynching Fund (included above), 1916 to 1920, have been $30,232.69 of which $29,676.59 has been expended. No part of this money has gone for the support of THE CRISIS magazine, nor has the Association or any one else furnished any capital for that magazine—except that during the first five years of its existence the Association paid part of the editor's salary and furnished TH E CRISIS office space. For these contributions the total expense of TH E CHISIS to the Association from 1910 to 1915 (outside of what it would have expended if TH E CRISIS had not been, founded) was about $9,000. Since January 1, 1916, TH E CRISIS has been absolutely self- supporting and not a cent of the money contributed to the N. A. A.	 C. P. is used to support TH E CRISIS. §2—The Present Coming now specifically to the year 1920 we are glad to be able to report progress. The outstanding work for the year has been our defense of Arkansas peons, the exposure of conditions in Haiti, the pushing of anti-lynching legislation, assistance in defeating the Graham Sedition Bill, the winning of a half-dozen cases involving civil rights and discrimination; and activities to increase and guide the Negro vote during the campaign. In Arkansas 12 men were condemned to death and 67 were sentenced to long terms of imprisonment as a result of the "riots" when these men tried by legal methods to collect their wages and were met by mob murder. In Arkansas on March 29 the State Supreme Court reversed the death verdict of the Phillips County Circuit Court in the cases of Ware, Giles, Fox, Banks, Martin and Wordlow because the verdict was improperly rendered; and the cases were remanded for new trial. At the same time the court affirmed the verdict of death in the cases of F. Hicks, E. Hicks, Moore, Knox, Coleman and Hall. At the re-trial the first 6 were re-sentenced to death. The cases were then re-appealed to the State Supreme Court. This court a second time reversed the verdict on the ground that Negroes had been excluded from juries in Phillips County in contravention to the 14th Amendment and the Civil Rights Act of 1875. The briefs upon which this verdict was based were prepared by our legal committee in New York. Governor Brough made an apparent effort in the newspapers to influence the decision of the Supreme Court while the cases were being reviewed the second time. Robert L. Hill, head of the Progressive Farmers' and Household Union of America, had been accused of fomenting the alleged THE CRISIS JAMES W. JOHNSON MARY WHITE OVINGTON W. E. B. DU BOIS riots in Arkansas. He disappeared but was arrested in Topeka, Kansas. The Governor of Arkansas asked for his extradition. The National Office and the local branches immediately moved in Hill's defense. The result was a long legal fight, but on March 23 Governor Allen decided that Hill was not guilty of the crime charged and that if he were returned to Arkansas his life would not be safe. He thereupon refused extradition. The State of Arkansas attempted then to secure Hill's extradition through the State and Federal Courts, but the case in the State Court failed and the case in the Federal Court was withdrawn by the United States Department of Justice on representation from the N. A. A. C. P. As a result Hill is free. Maurice Mays, who was charged with the murder of a white woman in Knoxville, Tenn., has been defended on the general belief that he is not guilty. The Knoxville Branch had the case investigated and with the help of other Tennessee branches a new trial was secured. Mr. E . R. Franklin, of Mississippi, was sentenced to 6 months in prison, fined $400 and beaten by a mob for selling TH E CRISIS. When justice was asked for him the gov ernor threatened the editors of TH E CRISIS. Through advice from N. A. A. C. P. head quarters the people of Jackson, Miss., final ly arranged to cover Franklin's bond and he escaped to the North. Besides these cases we are defending Thomas Ray to prevent his extradition from Michigan. This year we continued our defense of Edgar Caldwell, who killed the conductor of a street car in Anniston, Ala. Caldwell had been tried by civil authorities, although a soldier, and sentenced to death. The case was taken to the Supreme Court of the United States and appeals were made to the governor of Alabama, but without success. On June 16 the lynching of 3 Negroes was reported at Duluth, Minn. We immediately had the circumstances investigated and induced Governor Burnquist, president of our Saint Paul Branch, to especially interest himself in the case. Full reports of the lynching and the alleged crime were made and affidavits were secured from 14 other colored men who were being held on the same charge as those who had been lynched. We found that it was not proven that any crime had been committed. Our local branches defended 13 of the accused men in court, one of whom was acquitted by a jury, 5 were dismissed by order of court, and 6 had the indictments against them dismissed at the request of the prosecuting attorney. Only one of the men was found guilty and his case has been appealed. We also secured indictments against 21 persons who participated in the lynchings. These cases have not yet come to trial. We sent a special investigator to Florida to investigate the riot and disfranchisement against Negro voters. His reports were published in TH E CRISIS and other journals and laid before Congress and the Department of Justice. We found that between 30 and 60 Negroes had been killed at Ocoee, that the United States Constitution in many Florida towns had been violated, and that the Ku Klux Klan was intimidating colored people. The Association has been pushing the N. A. A. C. P. 205 ROBERT W. BAGNALL ADDIE W. resolution of Senator Curtis to investigate lynching and the bill of Congressman Dyer to make lynching a Federal offence. We have been represented at hearings and helped in the perfecting of the bill. In March Governor Morrow signed an antilynching bill in the presence of a committee of colored citizens headed by the president of the Frankfort Branch of the N. A. A. C. P. This bill provides for the removal of a peace officer who surrenders his prisoner and punishment for lynchings and attempted lynchings. In June, Representative Graham of Pennsylvania introduced a bill giving the Department of Justice the right to punish seditious acts and to prohibit the use of the mails for the purpose of promoting such acts. When amended this bill would have made it impossible for TH E CRISIS to be issued or the N. A. A. C. P. to carry on its propaganda against lynching and mob violence. Our Association was represented at the two hearings on the bill and branches and members all over the country sent protests. The bill was defeated. In California our branches have won a civil rights case which settles the fact that assigning special seats by the management in theatres is segregation and therefore illegal. In Colorado after a two years' fight our branches have won a decision that a bootblack stand is a public accommodation and that Negroes must not be discriminated against. In Wisconsin the Milwaukee Branch has been successful in winning a restaurant case brought under the Civil Rights Act. In Connecticut and Rhode Island our branches are still fighting for civil rights bills based on the New York HTJNTON WILLIAM PICKENS law. Public hearings have been held and the fight will be continued until successful. In the New York Post Office a colored sub-clerk who had resigned to enter the Naval Service and had made application for re-instatement after his discharge, was, despite the law, kept out of his job. The National Office interfered and he received re-instatement. The Association has taken up the matter of discrimination against railway trainmen. The Assistant Secretary in company with the representatives of the Association of Colored Railway Employees of Memphis and Louisville conferred with the United States Railway Administration at Washington. Their whole contention was not granted, but an increase in wages amounting to $12,525 monthly and back pay amounting to $125,000 were secured. In the Brooklyn High School the Association secured the admission of 6 colored seniors to the annual promenade after it had been decided that they should not attend. In March the Association sent James Weldon Johnson to Haiti where he- stayed 6 weeks and studied the American invasion. He published a series of articles in The Nation, which put the administration on the defensive, and led to startling disclosures. The specific charges made in the articles on conditions in Haiti were: (1) that some 3,000 Haitians had been killed (2) that men and women had been tortured (3) that Haitian autonomy was overthrown by force or threat of force (4) that the salaries of the President and other high officials of the Haitian government had been held up because they would not sign a contract giving a monopoly of money shipments to the National City Bank of New York (5) that a 206 THE rigid censorship prevented any communication from Haiti concerning the conduct of the United States Marines. As a result of Mr. Johnson's visit to Haiti and the consequent publicity, the Commander of the Marines was asked by Secretary Daniels to make a report on conditions there and Mr. John Mcllhenny, financial adviser of Haiti, was summoned to Washington to report on the general financial situation affecting Haiti. The charge that more than 3,000 Haitians had been slaughtered by United States Marines was verified by the report of Brigadier-General Barnett, who not only placed the number of those killed at 3,250 but referred in his report to the "indiscriminate killings" which had taken place. When this charge was first made the Secretary of the Navy belittled it. Upon the publication of the Barnett report, Senator Harding was requested to reiterate the charges with all the strength at his command, whereupon he immediately called upon Secretary Daniels for publication of all information in possession of the Navy Department relating to its administration of the Haitian republic. On the following day Secretary Daniels announced the appointment of a Naval Board of Inquiry. Then the charges made by the N. A. A. C. P. began to achieve tangible results. After a number of hearings in Washington, at which appeared Brigadier-General Barnett, Admiral Knapp and John J. Mcllhenny, the Naval Board of Inquiry left the United States for Haiti and there held hearings. Among those testifying before the Board in Haiti were many Americans as well as natives, the principal witness being President Dartiguenave. The Court of Inquiry absolved the Marines. This, of course, was to be expected from a court of inquiry consisting of naval men acting on charges brought against a branch of the Navy, but already Representative Bland of Indiana has introduced a resolution providing for a Congressional investigation of the relations between Haiti and the United States, and a similar resolution has been introduced in the Senate by Senator Hiram Johnson. In February the National Office sent to all prospective presidential nominees a questionnaire asking if they would favor Federal laws against lynching, the enforcing of the 14th and 15th Amendments, the aboli CRISIS tion of "Jim-Crow" cars in inter-state traf fic, national aid to education, a proportion ate number of Negro soldiers and officers in the Army, the abolition of racial segregation in the civil service of the United States, and withdrawal from Haiti. Two of the 17 can didates questioned replied, one of whom was Senator Harding. The Eleventh Annual Conference of the Association, held at Atlanta, Ga., May 30 June 2, was the greatest in many respects of the 11 annual meetings of the Associa tion. Prior to the conference much doubt was expressed regarding the extent to which the truth might be told at Atlanta. At the conclusion of the conference it was indeed gratifying to note that every speech, every testimonial, every conversation was frank, straight-forward, spoken without fear and in earnest sincerity that was completely convincing. There were 228 delegates and members registered, representing 92 branches and 29 states; the total attendance at the 4 mass-meetings and at the business sessions exceeded 15,000 persons. Many were turned away from each mass-meeting, although the largest auditorium which could be secured was the place of meeting. Especially gratifying was the attitude of the press. More publicity was secured for this meeting than ever before. The proceedings of each day's session were carried throughout the country and were reported with gratifying fullness and accuracy. Denunciations of lynching, disfranchisement, the "Jim Crow" car, unequal educational opportunities for colored children, as well as frank discussions of remedies for these and other evils, were carried by the press, in most cases just as given by the speakers. However, there was little editorial comment on the conference by the southern press. In the presidential campaign we sent questionnaires to all presidential candidates and instructions for voting to the new women voters; we encouraged colored voters throughout the country to register, and investigated and published the election discriminations in Florida and elsewhere. Our representatives appeared before Congress to advocate the reduction of congressional representation in the South. During the year we held 287 large meetings, 8 by the national office, in addition to hundreds of smaller meetings. Our officers traveled 77,500 miles. N. A. A. The publicity campaign during the year was notably successful—not only did THE CRISIS reach a large number of readers but also special and successful effort was made under the direction of Mr. E. L. Bernays to spread the news of the Atlanta Conference. The outstanding press triumph of the year was Mr. Johnson's articles in The Nation. The national importance which the Haitian expose assumed was reflected in the willingness of important newspapers like the New York Times to take statements from the National Association in reply to the pronouncements of the Departments of State and of the Navy. The third important source of public notice for the Association was its exposure of the widening activities of the revived Ku Klux Klan. An interview with the Assistant Secretary on his investigation into the election day riots at Ocoee, Florida, was printed prominently on the first page of the New York Evening Post and resulted in interviews with other newspapers and a controversy between the Assistant District Attorney and the "imperial wizard" of the Ku Klux Klan. Frequent protests against disfranchisement of colored people during the election were sent to Washington and extensively published and commented upon. The total of recorded press stories sent out during the year was 131. This does not include a number of letters to editors in various cities urging anti-lynching legislation, and on other subjects which elicited editorial comment in which reference was made to the National Association for' the Advancement of Colored People. Although it is impossible to estimate the volume of space obtained in newspapers throughout the country, the increasing success of the Association's publicity is measurable by the willingness of important newspapers to give its statements prominent position. Furthermore, the newspapers of New York City, including the Tribune, the Evening Post, the Mail, the World and the Call, on several occasions sent reporters to the National Office for authoritative information on race relations. TREASURER'S REPORT of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOB THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE For the Year 1920 GENERAL FUND REVENUE AND EXPENSE ACCOUNT REVENUE Contributions $14,900.10 Membership 26,698.92 C. P. 207 Literature sates 643.71 Profit on emblems sold. 214.70 41,457.49 Loss for the year 1920. 6,993.30 $18,460.79 EXPENSE Advertising $895.29 Clippings 123.42 General expense and supplies 1,456.97 Legal defense appropriations. 840.86 Light 167.78 Meetings 1,005.26 Multigraphing 420.76 Postage . . 3,403.90 Printing, miscellaneous 4,091.86 Printing Branch Bulletin (net) 738.98 Rent 1,869.96 Administrative salaries 8,001.08 Field work salaries 0,674.96 Publicity salaries 700.00 Clerical salaries 11,994.94 Telephone 337.60 Telegrams 650.01 Traveling expense 3,100.53 1,341.63 Depreciation on furniture and fixtures.. 174.55 Bills payable • .,934.61 BALANCE SHEET ASSETS Cash in banks $2,309.12 Emblems (inventory) 769.30 Furniture and fixtures 3,316.61 Petty cash fund 100.00 Bills receivable 70.00 $6,564.93 LIABILITIES Anti-lynching fund $556.10 Arkansas defense fund 1,214.61 Maclean memorial fund 69.16 Pan-African congress 15.00 Bills payable The Crisis 877.94 Miscellaneous 1,934.61 $4,667.32 Net worth $1,897.61 $6,664.93 SPECIAL FUNDS * ' ANTI-LYNCHING FUND Balance in bank Dec. 31, 1919 $2,843.63 Contributions ree'd during year 1920.. 1,864.91 $4,708.44 Expenditures during year 1920: Advertising $60.86 Meetings 341.26 Multigraphing 113.93 Printing 970.58 1,060.00 Salaries 48.75 Telegrams 474.00 Traveling expense 100.00 Essay prizes Chicago* race riot 1,000.00 4,169.38 Balance in bank Dec. 31, 1920 $639.06 ARKANSAS DEFENSE FUND Balance in bank Dec. 31, 1919 $4,814.77 Receipts for year 1920 3,889.13 $8,703.90 Expenditures: Legal services $7,016.46 Traveling expenses 341.03 Telegrams 118.40 Multigraphing 13.51 7,489.39 Balance in bank Dec. 31, 1920 $1,214.61 THE CRISIS REVENUE AND EXPENSE ACCOUNT YEAR 1920 EXPENSES REVENUE Paper $21,082.38 Sales $48,463.88 Printing 18,763.04 Subscription . . 17,106.68 Salaries 21,402.02 Advertising .. . 14,691.96 General expense 6,262.46 Interest 110.79 Postage 0,274.76 Bad debts and 1,373.21 adjustments.. 2,699.31 THE CRISIS Stat'y &amp; supplies l,.'iS9.SO Engraving 1,093.91 Book Dept. (loss) 392.14 Deprec. on furn. 212.02 $79,571.89 Net profit 801.32 $S0,373.21 BALANCE SHEET Dec. 31, 1920 ASSETS Cash in bank.. $54.55Petty cash fund 25.00Liberty bonds . 1,500.00Accts. receivable: Advertisers. 6,311.85Agents 13,534.11Depos. w. P.O. 325.00 N. A. A. C. P. 877.94 Inventories:Paper 147.67 Books 123.27 Furn. &amp; fix. .. . 4,028.38 $26,927.77 LIABILITIES Accts. payable:  For printing. $1,700,011  Brownies' Book 1.10 Paid in advance:  "Hist, of Negro  in War" . 83.25 $1,784.35  NET WORTH 25,143.42 $26,927.77 THE FUTURE /~VN Sunday, April 24, there will be launched a nation-wide drive for a minimum of a quarter of a million members. The drive will end on Sunday, May 8. From now until April 24 every branch of the N. A. A. C. P. will carry on intensive work of preparation which is outlined in the February issue of The Branch Bulletin. With this thorough preparation every branch can far surpass the nominal quotas which have been assigned by the National Office. Robert W. Bagnall, formerly of Detroit and for a number of years District Organizer for the Association in the Great Lakes District, has been added to the national staff and will direct the drive. With him will be associated Odhner and Kelly, drive specialists, who will act as consulting experts. Mr. Bagnall, through his long experience in Association work, is thoroughly familiar with the problems of the branches and is peculiary fitted to make the campaign a success. Mr. Bagnall was born in Norfolk, Va. He received his education at the Norfolk Mission College; the Bishop Payne Divinity School, Petersburg, Va., and Temple University, Philadelphia. Pa. After serving as Rector of Episcopal churches in Black-stone, Va.; Croome, Md., and Cleveland, Ohio, Mr. Bagnall became rector of St. Matthews P. E. Church in Detroit in 1911. During his charge he built a strong and powerful church organization which leads in community activity in Detroit. (The Eleventh Annual Report in full will be ready April 1. Price twenty-five cents.) THE EMANCIPATOR OF BRAZIL JESSIE FAUCET AND CEZAR PINTO TOSe DO PATROCINIO and the 13th of •* May, 1888—a name and a date for Brazilians of color to conjure with! By 1854 the importation of African slaves into Brazil was waning and by 1860, if not before, it had come to a full stop. Then the long fight of the Abolitionists began for the complete wiping out of the ancient curse. In 1871, in the reign of Dom Pedro II.—for all this took place while Brazil was still an empire—the beginning of the great reform was effected and a law was passed proclaiming the freedom of every child born thereafter of slave parents. All slaves connected with the royal household were set at liberty and an emancipation fund was provided, to be applied annually to the ransom of a certain number of slaves who belonged to private individuals. This was a great step but the mass of Negroes in Brazil were still groaning in a hateful bondage. Into this crisis came striding Jose do Patrocinio—young, ardent, single of purpose. All his thought, his ambition, his means, his strength were but for one end—the abolition of slavery in Brazil. Patrocinio was no mere visionary, dreaming of glory. The woes of the blacks were his birthright—even though he did not have them to suffer, he could sense and embody them as no one, not in his position, could. For he was the son of a Catholic priest and a black woman. Though his father—a man of education and wearing the orders of the Rose and of Christ—was kind to him and saw to it that his son received some training, the boy's heart was with his mother and her cause, and from that cause he never swerved. He must have been born about 1854 or '55, for he himself tells in his autobiography of how he began his life as a servant practically in the Public Hospital in Rio de Janeiro in 1868. "At that time I was between the ages of 13 and 14. The director of the hospital employed me because he thought me original." His salary was fifty cents a month, plus the four dollars which THE EMANCIPATOR OF BRAZIL his father contributed every month toward his education! After a time this allowance stopped and the boy was left on his own resources. Later he managed to go to college as a student of pharmacology, receiving five dollars a month from a beneficent society. Somehow he pulled through and found himself at the end of three years a graduate, though penniless. He tells a charming story of how a friend at this point, Joao R. Villa Nova, invited him to his house to dinner and then insisted on his spending the night. After some hesitation he acccepted the second invitation also, for a dinner and a night's lodging meant very much. On going to the room i s s i g n e d, he found therein to his amazement all his possessions. He stayed on with these JOSE DO people, tutored their children and finally married their daughter. Publicity was the great weapon which he chose to carve out his lifework. In 1877 he joined the staff of the News Gazette. By 1879 he was wielding an effective and fearless pen. He was a terrible agitator. For Patrocinio there was only one cause—abolition. And there were only two positions— pro or con. If a man was for abolition, Patrocinio was with him. If he were not, Patrocinio was against him, and "Have at him!" was his cry. He was like some one obsessed. He spoke, he wrote, he harrangued in his amazing style, he traveled abroad in the interest of his cause, he made political alliances with but one end in view. Dom Pedro II. went to Europe and left his daughter Dona Isabel as regent. She had no small gift for statesmanship herself, but she allowed herself for a time to come under the influence of Baron Cotegipe, an ardent anti-Abolitionist. Patrocinio, who by now, having run the gamut of established newspapers, had started one of his own, the City of Rio, attacked them both. Later when Cotegipe wa s thrown from power Patrocinio, too astute to miss such a chance, rushed to the support of the princess and called her "The Fair Mother of the Brazilians" and "The Divine Redeemer." Writing of the political crisis which wrecked Cotegipe, he said cleverly to Isab e 1: "Your Highness is saved; now you can rule." Both the Republicans an d the Abolitionists claimed Pa PATEOCINIO trocinio by the way, but he was indifferent to their claims. He made no secret of the fact that the party which exerted itself most to further his great ideal, would possess his influence. "The social question of Emancipation," he wrote, "brings near to me everybody that sympathizes with it, from the Emperor to the humblest slave." In 1888 on May 13, Dona Isabel, with a stroke of a pen set with diamonds and emeralds, signed a decree liberating 1,500,000 slaves! Patrocinio's cause was won and his hand had helped to win it. He had seventeen years in which to taste the fruits of his great victory. Then he died, "the most indefatigable apostle that the world has known for the abolition of slavery." THE FOOLISH AND THE WISE Sallie Runner Is Introduced to Socrates LEILA AMOS PENDLETON MRS. MAXWELL THORO (born Audrey Lemere) tiptoed down the spacious hall toward the kitchen of her dwelling whence issued sounds, not exactly of revelry but— perhaps jubilation would be a better fit. For in a high soprano voice her colored maid-of-all-work, Sallie Runner, for the past half-hour had been informing to the accompaniment of energetic thumps of a flatiron, whomsoever it might concern that she had a robe, a crown, a harp and wings. Mrs. Thoro moved quietly for, enjoyable as was Sallie's repertoire, one could never tell when she would do some even more enjoyable improvising, and her employer knew from long experience that Sallie's flights were much freer and more artistic when she was unaware of an audience. Just as Mrs. Thoro reached the kitchen door the soloist started off on the verse, "I gotta shoes," so she stood quietly listening until the verse ended: "I gotta shoes, yo' gotta shoes, All a Gawd's chillun gotta shoes; Wen I getto hebben goin' to put on my shoes An' skip all ober Gawd's hebben. Hebben, Hebben! Ever'buddy hollerin' 'bout hebben Ain't goin' dere. Hebben, hebben, goin' to skip all ober Gawd's hebben." As the singer ceased she whirled around upon her employer with a loud laugh. "Ha, ha, Miss Oddry!" cried she. "I knowd yo' was dere. I sho is glad yo' done come, 'cause Fse mighty lonesome an' powerful tired. Jes' was thinkin' to myseff dat Fse goin' to try to swade Brother Runner to move away fum Starton. Nobuddy don't do nothin' here but git bornd, git married an' git daid, an' wurk, wurk, wurk! Miss Oddry, Fse goin' to tell yo' a secret." "What is it, Sallie?" inquired Mrs. Thoro. "I don't lak to wurk. Nuvver did." "Why, Sallie! That is a surprise," re plied her employer. "I should never have guessed it, for there is not a more capable maid in town than you are." "Yassum, I guess dat's right. I wurks wid my might an' I does whut my hands finds to do, but taint my nature doe. Muss be my Ma's trainin' an' mazin-grace-howsweet-de-sound mixed togedder, I reckon. Miss Oddry, does yo' know whut I'd ruther do dan anything? I'd ruther know how to read an' write dan anything in de whole, wide world, an' den I'd nuvver do nothin' else but jes' dem two." "Well, Sallie, I'm sure you would get very tired of reading and writing all the time; but you're not too old to learn." "Nome, not too ole, mebbe, but too dumb an' too sot in de haid, I reckun. Miss Oddry, couldn't yo' read to me or talk to me on ironin' days 'bout sumpin' outside uv Starton? Cose I wouldn't want yo' round under my feet on wash-days, but ironin'days is fine fur lissening." "Why yes, Sallie, I'd love to do that. Why didn't you ask me before? Mr. Thoro and I are re-reading an old school course, just for the fun of it, and I'll share it with you. I'm sure you would enjoy hearing about some of earth's greatest characters. How would you like to have me tell you about Socrates?" "Sockertees? Huh! Funny name! Sockertees whut?" "Well, in his time men seldom had more than one name, Sallie. He was the son of Sophroniscus and Phaenarete. He was a sculptor and a philosopher." "Gosh!" cried Sallie. " A sculpture an' a lossipede! Wusser an'mo'uv it! But go on, Miss Oddry, tell me mo' 'bout him." "Socrates was born about 469 years before our Lord, and died at the age of seventy. He is said to have had thick lips, a flat nose, protruding eyes, bald head, a squat figure, and a shambling gait." "Why!" exclaimed Sallie. "He was a cullud gentmun, warn't he? Musta looked jes' lak Brudder Runner, 'cordin' to dat." "Oh no, Sallie, he wasn't colored." "Wal, ef he been daid all dat long time, Miss Oddry, how kin yo' tell his color?" "Why he was an Athenian, Sallie. He lived in Greece." "Dar now! -Dat settles it! Ever'buddy knows dat my cullud folks sho do lak grease." "Oh Sallie! 'Greece' was the name of his country, just as 'America' is the name of ours." Sallie grunted. "Socrates," continued Mrs. Thoro, "was a very wise, just, and a good man, and he loved his country and his countrymen very 210 THE FOOLISH AND THE WISE much. He used to delight in wandering-through the streets of Athens, conversing with those whom he met, giving them the benefit of the truths he had discovered ami seeking to obtain from each more truth or new light. He spent the whole day in public, in the walks, the workshops, the gymnasiums, the porticoes, the schools and the market place at the hour it was most crowded, talking with everyone without distinction of age, sex, rank or condition. It was said that 'as he talked the hearts of all who heard him leaped up and their tears gushed out.' " "Hole on, Miss Oddry," interrupted Sallie, "Jes' wanta ax yo' one queshun. While ole Sockertees was runnin' round the streets, shootin' off his lip an' makin' peepul cry, who was takin' keer uv his fambly? Sounds mo' an' mo' lak Brudder Runner to me." "Well, Sallie, he had a very capable wife who bore him three sons and whose nam? was Xanthippe. No doubt she managed the household. The only fault Socrates found with her was that she had a violent temper." Sallie slammed the flatiron down and braced herself against the board, arms akimbo, eyes flashing with indignation. "Vilent temper?" cried she. "Vilent temper? Whut 'oman wouldn't had a vilent temper in a fix lak dat? I sho do symperthize wid Zantipsy an' I doesn't blame her fur gittin' tipsy needer, pore thing. I betcha she was es sweet es a angel befo' she got mahred, 'cause whut it takes to change yo' disposition, a man lak dat sho is got. It's jes' es much es a 'oman kin do to take keer uv her house right an' raise her chillun right wen her husband is doin' all he kin to hepp her, less mo' wen he ain't doin' nothin' but goin' round runnin' he mouf. Dis ain't de fust time I'se met a gentmun whut loves he kentry mo' dan he do he home folks. Go on, Miss Oddry, dear, tell me some mo' 'bout Reveral Eyesire Runner's twin brudder." "Of course, Sallie," said Mrs. Thoro laughing, "Socrates was human and had his faults, but all in all he was a noble character." "I hopes so, Miss Oddry, but I'll have to hear mo' fo' I 'cide." "Socrates," resumed Mrs. Thoro, "believed in signs and omens and in following warnings received in his dreams; he also claimed that there was an inner voice which had guided him from childhood." "Miss Oddry," expostulated Sallie, "yo' keep on tcllin' mc Sockertees warn't cullud, but yo' keep on tellin' me cullud things 'bout him. Wen we all b'lieve in signs an' dreams yo'-all alius says, 'It's jes' darky superstishun an' ignunce.' How yo' splain dat?" "Well, Sallie, in those days the most learned people were very superstitious. Of course we know better now." "How yo' know yo' knows better, Miss Oddry? How yo' know yo' don't know wusser? Dere's one thing I done found fur sho, an' dat is dat de mo' folks knows de less dey knows. I b'lieves in dreams an' wen I follers dem I goes right. Cose I ain't nuvver heerd no cujjus voice, but ef ole Sockertees say he heerd it I b'lieve he heerd it. Nobuddy can't prove he didn't." "Very true, Sallie, but,—" "Jes' one minute, Miss Oddry, please. Dere's sumpin' I been thinkin' a long time, an' now I knows it. An' dat is dat wen ye' come right down to de fack-trufe uv de inside feelin's, peepul is all alak; black ones is lak white ones an' dem ole ancienty ones lak Sockertees is jes' lak dese here ones right now." "I believe there is some truth in that, Sallie, but shall I go on about Socrates?" "Oh, yassum, Miss Oddry, I do love to hear 'bout him." "He tried most earnestly to make people think, to reason out what was right and what wrong in their treatment of each other. He constantly repeated, 'Virtue is knowledge; Vice is ignorance', while to the young his advice was always, 'Know thyself.' " "Humph!" interrupted Sallie. "Mighty good advice, Miss Oddry, but it's some job, b'lieve me. I'se es ole es Methusalum's billy goat now an' I ain't nuvver found myseff out yit. Dere's some new kink comin' out ev'ry day. How 'bout you, Miss Oddry?" "I think you are right, Sallie. But don't you think we are better off if we study ourselves than if we just blunder along blindly?" "Oh, yassum, I guess so. But how did ole Sockertees come out wid all his runnin' round an' talkin'?" "Very sadly, I am sorry to say. Very sadly. Most of the Athenians entirely misunderstood him." "Bound to," said Sallie. "He made a great many unscrupulous enemies." TH E CRISIS "Bound to," said Sallie. "They accused him of being the very opposite of what he was." "Bound to," said Sallie. "And finally they tried him and con demned him to death." Sallie set down the flatiron and folded her arms, while her eyes flew wide open in astonishment. "What?" she exclaimed. "Jes' fur talkin'? Wal I-will-be-swijjled!" "Yes," continued Mrs. Thoro. "They imprisoned him and sent him a cup of hemlock, which is a deadly poison, to drink." "But he had mo' gumption dan to drink it, I hope?" "It was the law of his country, Sallie, and Socrates was always, a law-abiding citizen." "Wal, fur gosh sake!" cried Sallie. "Whut in de world was de use uv him havin' all dat tongue ef he couldn't use it to show dem peeple wherein? He mouts well been es dumd es a doodlebug!" "But," explained Mrs. Thoro, "he had spent his whole life in trying to make the Athenians love and honor and obey their laws and he was willing to die for the same cause. He had many friends who loved him truly and they tried to persuade him to es cape, but by unanswerable arguments he proved to them how wrong they were." "Humph!" grunted Sallie. "Tonguey to de last! An' in de wrong way to de wrong ones." "Plato, who was a friend as well as a pupil," continued Mrs. Thoro, "tells how beautifully Socrates died. He took the cup of hemlock quite calmly and cheerfully and drained it to the dregs. When his friends could not restrain their sorrow for the loss they were about to sustain, he reproved them and urged them to remember that they were about to bury, not Socrates, but the shell which had contained him, for he, himself, was about to enter the joys of the blessed. He tried to the last to make them see that unless they honored and obeyed all laws, their country could not long survive, because lawlessness was the same as suicide." "Miss Oddry," said Sallie, solemnly, "don't yo' wisht we had one million of dem Sockertees down here in ower sunny Soufland?" THE BLACK SWAN IT TN 1809 a little black girl was born in *• Natchez, Mississippi, and named Elizabeth Taylor. While still an infant, she was brought to Philadelphia and reared by a Quaker woman, Mrs. Greenfield. After that she became known as Elizabeth Taylor Greenfield; but because of her beautiful voice she is even better known by a better name, the Black Swan. She early gave evidence of the astonishing power and richness of her voice. Lessons were given her by friends. When Mrs. Greenfield learned of this she summoned Elizabeth to her presence. "Elizabeth," said she, "is it true thee is learning music and can play upon the guitar?" "It is true," Elizabeth reluctantly confessed. "Go and get thy guitar and let me hear thee sing." The girl obeyed, and when she had finished she was astonished to hear her kind friend say: "Elizabeth, whatever thee wants thee shall have." Her education went on until Mrs. Greenfield died. In 1851 she began her public reputation by singing before the Buffalo Musical Society. This led to invitations to sing in various other cities and in 1853 she gave a concert at Exeter Hall, London. The Daily Register, of Albany, said: "The compass of her marvelous voice embraces twenty-seven notes, reaching from the sonorous bass of a baritone to a few notes above even Jenny Lind's highest." Harriet Beecher Stowe says in "Sunny Memories of Foreign Lands": "Prom this breakfast we returned to dine at Surrey parsonage; and, after dinner, attended Miss Greenfield's concert at Stafford House. . . . The choicest of the elite were there. Ladies in demi-toilet and bonneted. Miss Geenfield stood among the singers on the staircase, and excited a sympathetic murmer among the audience. She is not handsome, but looked very well. She has a pleasing dark face, wore a black velvet headdress and white carnelian earrings, a black mohr antique silk, made CHICAGO 213 high in the neck, with white lace falling sleeves and white gloves. A certain gentleness of manner and self-possession, the result of the univ e r s a 1 kindness shown her, sat well upon her. Chevalier Bunsen, the Prussian ambassador, sat by me. He looked at her with much interest. 'Are th e race often as good looking?' he said. I said, 'She is not handsome, compared with many, though I confess she looks uncommonly well today.' "Miss Greenfield's turn for singing now came, and there was profound attention. Her voice, with its keen penetrating, vibrant qua the French have it, cut mascus blade to the heart. It was the inoro touching from occasional rusticities and artistic defects, which showed that she had received no culture from art. . . . Had she had culture equal to her voice and ear, no singer of any country could have surpassed her." The Black Swan was often compared with Jenny Lind and had it not been for her race, she might easily have been known as one of the greatest singers of her day. It is of interest to know that the phoELIZABETH TAYLOR GREENFIELD, nograph records The 'Black Swan" which are about to searching fire, its be issued recording the voices of great collity, its 'timbre,' as ored singers of the present time, are to be ts way like a Dacalled the "Black Swan" records. A CORRECTION W. E. B. Du Bois UNDER the caption "Marcus Garvey" we published in our December and January numbers two articles which incidentally discussed the affairs of the Black Star Line Steamship Corporation. We regret that certain statements therein might be mis construed. Our statement that the Yarmouth is a wooden vessel was incorrect, as it is in fact steel. We have naturally no intention to embarrass this corporation in its business or operations. CHICAGO U A Preliminary Study of Inter-Racial Conditions in Chicago," by H. R. Gold and B. K. Armstrong, has been issued by the Home Missions Council. They say: Looking up the police record back to January 1, 1918, and down to May 1, 1920, the records showed 25 bombs directed at the homes of colored people and 8 at the homes of white people who had sold real estate to colored people. In the later months the bombing occurred with greater frequency, which may easily portend another crisis in the nature of the race riots of July, 1919, when for three days minor civil warfare reigned. * * * * During the World War, as European immigrants returned to their countries and many American workmen were sent to the cantonments, a labor shortage resulted in Chicago: likewise in other northern centers. Negroes came North in large numbers, attracted by higher wages and an opportunity to escape restriction and dis214 THE crimination in the South. Chicago was particularly attractive and accessible. The colored population increased rapidly. In 1910 it was about 46,000; in 1917 about 80,000; in 1920 about 125,000. Armour &amp; Company employed less than 500 Negro workers in ltH6; in 1919 the number exceeded 3,000. Today approximately 10,000 Negroes are employed in the stockyards, or about one-fourth of the entire number. These men and women were needed and wanted. They helped to prepare the meat that kept life and fight in the boys at the front in Europe. The result was a great shortage of housing in those districts where Negroes had been wont to live. They, therefore, overflowed into neighboring districts. The residents of the Hyde Park, Kenwood and Grand Boulevard districts used organized resistance to the invasion of the colored people. Thus the Kenwood-Hyde Park Property Owners' Protective Association took it up. Vigorous propaganda resulted. _The depreciation of property values was" given much advertisement. The Negroes were held up to be undesirable neighbors in every way. They were represented as lacking culture, education and sanitary standards. They were charged with seeking to live among the white people merely for the sake of doing so, and with seeking "social equality"; with desiring to intermarry and form other social contacts with the whites. They were held up as a constant menace to white women. Every argument, whether tinged with fact or wholly imaginary, was used to inflame prejudice against the colored people. The Journal, issued by this organization, is replete with preachments against the Negro and with plans and methods for his repression. Some of the direct activities against the Ne£n'oe s are these; Campaign among real estate dealers of the district to offer no property for sale to the Negroes. Campaign to boycott the employment of Negroes who do not live within the allotted black belt. Hotels particularly are urged to observe this rule. * * * * The Negroes are entirely within their constitutional rights when they purchase property wherever they desire and can do so. The propaganda and the violence evidenced in the bombing do not stop them. They themselves have organized. Their organized activities in this connection come chiefly from the Protective circle. The program is to make a study of the contested district and learn how many colored people own property there; to discover what encumbrances are on property held by Negroes and help in retaining this property by financial assistance when money from white lenders is withdrawn; to learn the extent and result of the bombing and hearten the people to hold their ground; to engage in a campaign of publicity and education among their own people and among CRISIS whites wherever there may be opportunity; to engage in legal contest to maintain their rights; to induce the city to afford them adequate police protection. The police made few arrests of the bomb ers. Comparing the cost of living and income of colored and white workers in Chicago, Pittsburgh and elsewhere, the study says: 1. Cost of living: The average number of persons per family is practically the tame, with the whites having three-tenths more members. Both spend practically the same proportion for food, clothing, rent, furnishings and miscellaneous items. This is true also of all the communities studied. The whites of Chicago spend about twice as much for fuel and light as the colored or white of Pittsburgh. As to surplus and deficit in the family treasury, we note them to be about the same in the two cities. The whites in the country generally exceed the colored by 17.6 per cent in surplus. 2. Income: The white husband has a larger annual income by $200 than the Negro husband. The Negro wife contributes about $5 more to the family budget, or about twice as much as the white wife. The white children of the family contribute between $200 and $300 more than the Negro children. The total average annual income of the white family is about $300 larger than that of the Negro family. The families were grouped according to their annual income. The arrangement brings out the fact that the largest percentage of both white and Negro falls within the $1,200 to $1,500 income group for both Pittsburgh and Chicago. For the United States as a whole the average number of Negro families is highest in the $900 to $1,200 income group; the whites in the $1,200 to $1,500 income group. In the income group under $900, 8% of Pittsburgh whites but 10.2% of Pittsburgh Negro families are found; in the income groups about $2,100, "239c of whites and but 2% of Negro families are found. * * * * When the husband's income is not adequate for the family the wife and children are called upon to assist and lodgers are taken into the family. The consequences of this are often serious. The wife's strength and attention are divided, children are exploited, the family circle is invaded. The study leads to the conclusion that in Chicago the percentage of mothers at work is 10.2% Negro, 2% white; children 12.2% Negro, 11.8% white: lodgers in 18.4% of the Negro homes; in 5.9% of white homes. For the United States as a whole it is 43.7% to 8.9%; 24.6% to 18.6%; 12.7% to 5.1% respectively. 3. The $300 difference in annual income: The outstanding fact is that the Negro family has an income approximately $300 less per year than the white family. This is true although the Negro wife and children MEN OF THE have helped to secure the budget oftener than the white, and lodgers are more frequently taken into the Negro family. In the light of these facts, is there any wonder why the living standard of Negro families is often lower than that of the white families? For let it be remembered that the difference is not merely in money but in time and strength and in the strain on family privacy and security. Why this difference in wage? It is in the main summed up in the remark of a Chicago foreman: "That job is a white man's job; place that nigger elsewhere." A Negro carpenter obliged an office manager by making some alterations at night. Some one observing his skill asked about his wage and learned it was considerably lower than that of other carpenters. "But," remarked the Negro man, "they are white." To restrict the Negro's opportunity in more skilled occupations and to have him do the common labor is one of the severest forms of repression. The family income is thus lowered and the standard of living is necessarily fixed lower. When the Negro family has the same income, practically the same MONTH 215 amount of money is spent for the necessaries of life and the usual distribution of that income for these necessities is made. Given the same amount of leisure from toil and opportunity the Negro will seek culture. In Louisville, Ky., one of the branch libraries is arranged to be used exclusively by Negroes. By comparison of the record of this branch with those of libraries used exclusively by whites the facts reveal that the Negroes read a larger proportion of serious books, biography, history and the like, than the whites; and the total average for this city's serious reading is high. With regard to industrial status and ef ficiency, the study concludes: Taking, then, the indications of these facts about percentages of skilled and unskilled labor, turnover, time lost and wage rates and adding to these observations the statements of foremen, managers and superintendents, we may reasonably believe that under like conditions there is usually not much difference in efficiency. Wherever differences do appear we may look for variations in conditions rather than in race. Men of the Month. THE late Charles Redmond Douglass, son of Frederick Douglass, was born in Lynn, Mass., October 21, 1844. Mr. Douglass served in the 54th Massachusetts Infantry and the 5th Massachusetts Cavalry; on December 7, 1880, he helped to organize the Capital City Guards' Battalion, in which he served as a Captain and a Major; the organization is now the First Separate Battalion, National Guard of the District of Columbia. In 1867 Mr. Douglass became the second colored appointee to a first-class clerkship in the War Department; he was detailed from the Treasury Department, in 1871, to accompany the Santo Domingo Commissioners; in 1872 he was appointed a Trustee of the Seventh School District, Washington, D. C , and elected Secretary and Treasurer of the Board which was composed of 5 white and 2 colored members; President Grant appointed Mr. Douglass United States Consul to Santo Domingo, in 1875; he resigned this appointment for work in the Pension Bureau. He was retired in August, 1920, after 53 years in the Government service. Mr. Douglass was a member of the Grand Army of the Republic, being Commander of Post No. 21, and Assistant Patriotic Instructor; he was also a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, District of Columbia Branch. In 1892 he established the summer resort known as Highland Beach, Maryland, a tract containing 26 acres with a beach frontage of 1,400 feet. Mr. Douglass is survived by a widow and two sons, Joseph H., the violinist, and Haley G, a teacher in Dunbar High School. ALONZO HERNDON was born a slave at Walton County, Ga., in 1858. When he was 28 years old he went to Atlanta, having $11 in his pockets, and secured work in a barber shop. He became manager of the shop; later he bought the shop and is now the owner of 3 barber shops, 1 valued at $30,000 and 2 at $15,000 each. He has visited most of the large cities in America and several cities abroad to get ideas for his business. Later he became the pioneer among colored men in the insurance business in Georgia. He organized the Atlanta Mutual, which has grown rapidly and of which he is the majority stockholder. 216 TH E CRISIS Mr. Herndon has been married twice, his first wife being the well known Adrienne McNeill Herndon, a reader and actress of great abil ity; the present Mrs. Herndon was Miss Jessie Gillespie, of Chicago. Mr. Herndon's real estate is esti mated at $500,000; his income tax last year was $3,000. Recently he gave $10,000 for the purchase and equipment of a day nursery and kin dergarten in Atlanta. THE late John C. Dancy was born at Tarboro, N. C, May 8, 1S57. He studied at Howard University and became a public school teacher. When 21 years of age he managed the campaign which elected his brother as Mayor of Tarboro, a city of 10,000 inhabitants. At the age of 23 he was elected Registrar of Deeds of Edgecomb County, and won two re-elections; for 8 years he was chairman of the Republican Execu tive Committee, for 16 years secre tary of the State Republican Con vention, and 4 times a delegate to the Republican National Convention, twice from the State-at-large. In 1891 President Harrison appointed Mr. Dancy Collector of Customs at Wilmington, N. C.; President McKinley re-appointed him to this po sition. President Roosevelt appointed him Re corder of Deeds in the District of Columbia, in 1901, which position he held until 1910. Mr. Dancy was editor of the Star of Zion, the official organ of the A. M. E. Zion Church, for BETA CHAPTER, CHICAGO, OF TH] 7 years and of the Quarterly Review; he was also Financial and Church Extension Secretary of the A. M. E. Zion Church. He traveled extensively in England, Scotland, Ireland and Wales. A widow and 3 children survive him. DURING Leslie Pinckney Hill's administration as the principal of Cheyney Training MRS. HENRIETTA WHITTINGTON MRS. J. A. COA8EY, Judge MRS. LUCY E. JENNISON MRS. M. L. Ward E JUDGES AND CLERKS AT THE MEN OF THE MONTH 217 He has been a teacher at Tuskegee and principal of the Manassas School, and is the secretary and treasurer of the Association of Secondary and Industrial Schools and the founder and president of the West Chester Community Center. A volume of poems by Mr. Hill, "The Wings of Oppression", is now in press. Mr. Hill was born in Lynchburg, Va., May 14, 1880. He married Jane Clark, formerly preceptress at Tuskegee Institute, and is the father of six children. HARRY S. BLACKISTON is the youngest Doctor of Philosophy graduated in the history of the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Blackiston was born in Philadelphia, where he completed the elementary school course in six and one-half years. At the University of Pennsylvania he received the degree of Bachelor of Arts, in 1917; Master of Arts in 1918; Doctor of Philosophy in 1920, at the age of ]|1PHA KAPPA ALPHA SOEOEITY 23 years. He received the follow ing awards: William P. Henzey scholarship, 1913'School for Teachers, at Cheyney, Pa., the institution has developed from a private school 17; Mayor's scholarship, 1913-17; George Schleito a standardized State Normal School. cher prize and medal for German conversation, Mr. Hill is a graduate of Harvard College, 1916-17; honorable mention in a Latin prose eswhere he received the degrees of Bachelor say contest, 1916-17; and the University scholarand Master of Arts. He is a member ship in Germanics, 1917-18. of the Phi Beta Kappa and one of the Mr. Blackiston is an instructor of German at iverning Board of the Kappa Alpha Psi. West Virginia Collegiate Institute. J. (See page 219.) tILIAMS, CAUTION MRS. A. WILLIAMS, Judge MRS. JULIA DUNGEE, Judge iutive SECTION, BALTIMORE, MD. The Looking Glass LITERATURE ZAMBESI BOAT SONG OUT from the waters deep Arose a misty cloud. The palm-tree sprang from sand; it rears its head. The white bird sings. Now on the silvery stream The grasses nodding float. The sand-bird builds her nest; her cry is heard. The sun sleeps on. Low in the west she goes, The rocks are dark and cold. The village fires rise high with red and gold. The night-jar sings. —Translated by E. KIDNEY. * * * We are glad to welcome the first issue of Mimic and Poetry, published by the Holt Publishing Company, of Chicago, 111.; also The Negro Outlook, published by The Negro Outlook Company at Memphis, Tenn. An editorial entitled "Prospective" outlines its purpose: The policy of The Negro Outlook shall at all times be constructive—that is, its eye will ever look beyond the immediate and to the final analysis of things. Its platform is founded upon the broad principles of human rights—the doctrine of God our Father, man our brother. We shall, at all times and under all circumstances, stand against the inhuman monster, race prejudice. * * * J. Morton Finney, of the Department of Latin of Lincoln Institute, Jefferson City, Mo., has written a pamphlet on Some Cultural Values of Latin and Some Latin Authors. * * * Two interesting books are Songs' and Talcs From The Dark Continent, by Natalie Curtis-Burlin, and Spring in New Hampshire and other poems, by Claude McKay. Mrs. Burlin's book is a compilation of the songs and stories of C. Kamba Simango, a Portuguese East African, of the Ndau tribe, and of Madikane Cele, who is of the Zulu tribe, Natal, Zululand, South Africa. Mr. McKay's volume is a slim but precious fulfillment of his earlier promise. Both these books will be reviewed in a later num ber of TH E CRISIS. AS TO THE KU KLUX THE Imperial Wizard (!) of the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan sets forth the purposes of his organization as follows: "It was publicly stated when this modern organization was formed that it stood pledged to proclaim and preserve in America four great fundamental principles, to wit: Absolute and undying devotion to the government of the United States and upholding and strengthening all the laws of the land from the Constitution of the United States down to the ordinances of the smallest community in the nation; perpetual maintenance in America of white supremacy in all things social, political and commercial; the complete and absolute separation of church and state, and the protection of woman's honor and preserving the sanctity of the home." * * * The Albany, N. Y., Telegram asks per tinently: Are the Knights who pledged "undying devotion to the government of the United States and upholding and strengthening all the laws of the land from the Constitution of the United States down to the ordinances of the smallest community in the nation" as strong for the enforcement of the Fifteenth Amendment to the Constitution, which provides for equal political rights to the Negro and which was written into the Constitution largely through northern influence, as they are for the Eighteenth Amendment which was written into the Constitution largely through the influence of the South? There is strong conflict here. In the first place "undying devotion" to the Constitution cannot mean "perpetual maintenance in America of white supremacy in all things social, political and commercial." There is further conflict in the fact that the South fought for state rights in the war that came as a result of the spirit of the Fifteenth Amendment. In their hearty endorsement of the Eighteenth Amendment they completely ignored state rights. There is further conflict in their attitude toward the Eighteenth Amendment with their professed determination to have "complete and absolute separation of church and state." The Eighteenth Amendment absolutely combines church and state functions. It can be regarded in no other light than the enforcement of a church dictum through the law of the land. * * * It would seem that the enforcement of the Fifteenth Amendment does not figure in Wizard Simmons' desire to uphold the Constitution, for he says in the Atlanta, Ga., Journal: 218 AL0NZ0 HERNDON THE LATE JOHN C, DANCY THE LATE CHARLES REDMOND DOUGLASS LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL HARRY S. BLACKISTON (See page 216) 219 THE The Ku Klux Klan is for the upholding of the law. It does not in any way seek to be a law unto itself, but it does believe in white supremacy. It believes that never in the history of the world has a mongrel civilization endured. It is opposed to the Negro being allowed to vote, or the Japanese or the Chinese, because such suffrage means political equality and is another way of saying that a Negro has as much right to occupy the office of governor or any other high position as a white man. * * * Paul Fulton writes in the Brooklyn, N. Y., Eagle of the memories which Negroes still hold of that other Ku Klux Klan of half a century ago. He does not feel, however, that the modern Negro will receive the new Ku Klux in the manner of his forebears: "We Negroes of New York who have migrated from the Southland are either victims of the Ku Klux or relatives of victims and we know its damnable work. Some of us have fled from our cabins at the midnight hour to the swamps and watched our cabins go up in smoke from the hellish incendiarism of the agents of the 'invisible empire.' Some of us have had our hearts almost broken by the groans of its victims, and we have hushed our voices to hear one word of sympathy, and there was none. As we gather around our firesides at evening after the day's toil our thoughts unconsciously turn to the Southland, to the home of the Ku Klux, and we wonder what new hellish broth has been brewed by them. The name Ku Klux spells rapine, license, murder, intimidation to the Negro. "Their constitution is a 'league with Satan and a covenant with hell.' They and their kind are doing their best to wipe out the Negro race by murder and rope. They and their kind are the only people who have undertaken to change the complexion of a whole race. There is a day of reckoning coming to the Ku Klux. We have not forgotten. The groans of the Negroes done to death without judge or jury still ring in our ears and make our nights hideous; the stench from burning human flesh still offends the nostrils of Almighty God. 'The mills of God grind slowly, but they grind the entire grist.' The day the Ku Klux Klan becomes active in New York that day will begin our reckoning with the 'invisible empire.' " DOES HUMILITY PAY? We never bother the good Negro • » (nigger)," says the Southerner; The Chattanooga, Tenn., Times undertakes to give a case in point: An Alabama Negro planter recently sold $15,000 worth of cotton he had raised on his place, and The Clarion, a Negro paper published in St. Louis, ventures the guess that "there is one Negro who has not become involved in any sort of controversy with his CRISIS white friends". The Negro attending to his business, working industrially to help in building up the section and adding to the wealth of his community never has any occasion to complain of his white fellow-citizens. The fact is worthy of the attention of those busybodies of the North who are eternaDy bent on "saving the Negro from his southern oppressors." * * * But in Doerun, Ga., a colored man must be more—or should we say less?—than humble, for the Albany, Ga., Herald tells us of— Rev. F. A. White, a Negro preacher from Doerun, who came to Albany after having received a severe beating, which he said was at the hands of four white men of that town, who told him they had been delegated by the citizens to punish him for teaching the Ne groes in the community not to work. White denied this—he told his assailants that he had never advised the Negroes in that community against wTork, but this did not satisfy them, as they told him that he had set the Negroes a bad example by going about "dressed up and wearing a white col lar." He said that the white men took his collar off and cut it to pieces for souvenirs, before proceeding to the task of beating him. The effects of the beating can be plainly seen on the body of White, who is badly lacerated and bruised. He said that he was stripped naked and laid across a log by his tormentors, who used a heavy leather wagon trace. The four men, according to White, took turns at beating him, one succeeding another as fast as they became tired. The night was cold and a light rain was falling, but the men went away and left White unconscious, without having put his clothes back on. He believed that they thought him dead when they left. * * * According to the minister's own testimony, he must have fulfilled the most exacting of southern standards for Negroes: He says the better class of white people at Doerun have always treated him kindly and his business relations with them have been pleasant. He declares that he tipped his hat to white people on the streets and never entered the post office for his mail until all of the white patrons had been served. He says, too, that he has never taken any part in politics. * * * Alas! that virtue should so often be its own only reward! The Herald concludes: White is a humble Negro. * * * United States District Attorney Hooper Alexander bears witness in the Atlanta, Ga., Constitution of the South's mistreat ment of the Negro for no other reason than that of his race: "If the people of Georgia were told the details of crimes that are constantly being THE LOOKING GLASS committeed in this state against helpless Negroes, they would be entirely incredulous. "The things of which I speak run all the gamut from the meanest of petty cheating to deliberate and plotted murder," Mr. Alexander said. "Ninety-nine out of every hundred of our people would utterly deplore and condemn what is going on, but something more is demanded of a civilized people and their government than mere sentiment. If the people of the state permit the continuance of conditions that now prevail, sooner or later we will suffer a dreadful retribution." SOUTHERN CHIVALRY THE Chattanooga, Tenn., Times told a story of a colored boy who was watching some swimmers in the local Y. M. C. A. swimming pool. Subsequently he was arrested on the charge of stealing money from the clothes of one of the swimmers, but the article says, insultingly, he didn't mind that, for his— complexion is of that color that knows no flush of embarrassment nor pallor of dismav. and his soul is not of the quality that is apt to revolt against the associations of police headquarters. * * * Also The Times tells with great show of detail of how this boy— was arrested with the money intact, and was promptly escorted to the police station. * * * Now it turns out the next day that the colored boy was not guilty and the real offender was a young white boy, a member of the Y. M. C. A. Does The Times apologize? It not only has nothing to say about calumniating the name of the colored boy, which it had given in full, but it withholds the name of the real culprit. The lame explanation follows: The information at first given The Times by a "Y " official was to the effect that the colored boy was the thief. This mistake was due to some confusion the official experienced in getting the information from the police station. The colored boy was arrested, along with several other darkies, en ployees of the "Y " who were subject to suspicion, and he did spend the night behind the bars, but when the gray light of dawn broke the colored boy was set free and the taint was removed from his illustrious name, for the real thief had been apprehended and the money recovered. "Y " officials, desiring to help the guilty boy to rise above future temptations, will not prosecute. As a punishment it is possible that he may be temporarily suspended from the "Y " membership, but even this suspension, it is believed, will not endure long. For his own and his family's sake his name will not be disclosed. WEST AFRICA AND THE LEAGUE OF NATION'S UNION DELEGATES from the National Con gress of British West Africa and the Executive Committee of the League of Nation's Union have met in London. From a report of the speeches made by these delegates it is plain to see Ethiopia is stretching out her hand. The Honorable Casely Hayford, in making an appeal for a measure of home government, said: Before ever the British came into relations with our people, we were a developed people, having our own institutions, having our own ideas of government, and the only great thing we secured from the connection was the Pax Brittanica. Whereas formerly we used to have little differences among ourselves, when the British came along we all came together in a peaceful way and all worked together in harmony for the greater development of the country; but it would not be accurate to say we were a primitive people emerging from barbarism. Therefore, gentlemen, from that point of view when we come to this country to appeal to responsible authority to extend to us a certain amount of freedom in the government of our own country, we are not asking for anything that is new. * * * The question of Civil Service, that sore place with the Egyptians under British rule, is also touched upon: As regards the Civil Service, we see invidious distinction made notwithstanding our education. We are men who are very eager to stand well among men, and a large number come to this country to be educated and take as good and as high a degree as any European can or does, yet when we return to our own country where there is a Civil Service, and we desire to be employed and to be remunerated equally as regards emoluments and positions with Europeans, we are relegated to a back seat. * * * The custom of the British to expropriate the very land of Africa is keenly resented: I turn your attention, respectfully, Sirs, to the land question, and I may say very briefly that in British West Africa the people know what their rights are with respect to the land. Those who know anything about Africans know that if they want to keep in good relations with them, never touch their land; it is like putting your finger into his eye. Therefore we think the principle of trusteeship is carried to extreme where it is made possible for Government to interfere with the result eventually that control is practically in the hands of the Government in respect to our lands. Our people feel a certain amount of unrest. We think to a TH E CRISIS large extent that the intelligent West African is quite capable of taking care of his land without unnecessary governmental paternal control. Dr. Bankole Bright speaks in behalf of the Cameroons and Togoland: I may be allowed to refer to the mandatory power now exercised by France over the Cameroons and Togoland being a matter which directly touches this League of Nation's Union. I want it to be clearly understood that I am speaking authoritatively when I say that there is general dissatisfaction amongst Africans, in British West Africa, with regard to France taking over Togoland and the Cameroons. The inhabitants of this country feel that the European nations have no right to come and "partition our lands between them without consulting us." The Honorable Casely Ilayford concludes: We have no prejudice against the French. But this we do say, Sirs, that the hope was held out to the whole of the peoples of the world as regards the right of individual peoples of self-determination. It is not fair, it is not right, it is not just, that these people should be handed over to Powers under whose flag they would rather not live. It is a crime and it has shaken the confidence of the people very, very greatly. And I ask you respectfully, Sirs( as the League of Nation's Union), that you might well consider that matter and give the people an opportunity to make representations: I ask you, Sirs, respectfully, firmly, emphatically that you might not allow any diplomatic reason to keep you from doing what is fair and what is right to the people of Togoland. .4 TIMELY PROTEST COLORE D citizens of Springfield, Mass., have joined in a protest against the tendency of the American press to identify race with crime in its headlines. If a white man commits a depredation he is spoken of as a murderer, burglar, drunkard, as the case may be. But the colored malefactor is always mentioned first as a Negro. These citizens write in the Springfield Union: Our attention has recently and often been forcibly called to the fact that when a Negro commits an offense of any sort against law and order, glaring headlines inform readers that the culprit is a Negro. We believe, Mr. Editor, that you will agree with us that the reading masses pay more attention to headlines than to body matter. They being a majority, easily swayed, will soon form a conclusion that the Negro is a "bad lot." The same would be true if every time an Italian, Pole, Slav or even a redheaded man committed an offense, the headlines should stress his race or type. It would not be long before bitter feeling would be engendered toward such race or individual. In this connection we believe also that you will recognize the widespread harm being done the Hebrew race by the Henry Ford propaganda. In our efforts along this line we are hoping to have your co-operation to raise a struggling and often maligned race—at least to the extent of deleting opprobrious and offensive references in your columns. Such references, oft-repeated, cannot fail to incite and intensify race prejudice. BLACKS DEFENDED INPAPER CORROBORATION from G aERMAN  German source of official denials by the French Government of the repeated charges voiced in the German press and elsewhere of wholesale abuses of women and children committed by the French colored troops garrisoned in the occupied territory along the Rhine is found in an article written by Lilli Jannasch in Die Fran in Sta-ats and quoted from in the November issue of Die Friedens-Warte of Leipsic. "And how about the black disgrace? I lived a year in the occupied territory in a little place garrisoned for months by several hundred black soldiers. The chief official of the district (Landrat) assured me that during the entire time there had been no attacks upon women or children. In fact, the blacks had become quite popular. And I heard the same opinion from the people. In many cases the blacks shared their meals with the children of the neighborhood. "From Ludwigshafen a lady said to me last summer when I questioned her: 'When we notice how scandalously our white women and girls make friends with the blacks, how they flirt and accept gifts of chocolate, etc., we are not surprised if a misfortune occurs.' In fact, we know from our own observation that many white women find something alluring in entering into close relations with blacks; this we have frequently been able to verify when members of Negro tribes were placed on exhibition in Germany. At the time of the Industrial Exhibition in Berlin, for example, it repeatedly happened that Negroes on exhibition there disappeared for several days, and it was town talk that women of 'good society' had been entertaining the Negroes. Similar things have happened in cities in all parts of Germany, especially in Hamburg. Is not this 'white disgrace' on the side of German women much worse than the 'black disgrace'?" The Horizon compiled by B Y MUSIC AND ART EUGENE MARS MARTIN, the 16-year*~4 old colored violinist, of New York, and his brother, David I. Martin, Jr., 13 years of ge, have given a recital at Hampton In. titute. Miss Hazel Thomas assisted as pianist. C Harry H. Pace, of Pace &amp; Handy, Music Publishers, in New York, is in charge of a corporation capitalized at $100,000 to make phonograph records of Negro artists. G The Victor Company has made a record of "Since You Went Away", by James W. and J. Rosamond Johnson. The singing is •	 by John McCormack, and there is a violin obligate by Fritz Kreisler. G Hazel Harrison, pianist, of Chicago, has appeared in recital for her second season under the management of F. Wight Neumann. On her program were: Toccata for Organ in C major, Bach-Busoni; Nocturne, Chopin-Liszt; Scherzo, Chopin-Liszt; Fantasia quasi Sonate (after a lecture on Dante), Liszt; Song of Repentance, Beethoven-Liszt; By the Sea, Smetana; The Chase, Paganini-Liszt; and Islamey (Fantasi Oriental), Balakirev. C J. Harvey Hebron, a Negro of Philadelphia, has been made a member of the Music Art Club and of the Pennsylania Manuscript Society. At a concert of the latter organization Mr. Hebron's Sonata for violin and piano was rendered. Mr. Hebron's teacher is Dr. Philip H. Goepp. C At the 11th annual Eisteddfod, held in Philadelphia, Pa., under the auspices of the Young People's Society of the Welsh Presbyterian Church, Charles A. McCabe, a Negro, won the Eisteddfod prize for violin solo. Mr. McCabe presented Legende, Op. 17, . Wieniawski, and was awarded the prize on points of superior beauty of tone, elasticity, and rhythmic impulse. He is a pupil of Edwin F. Hill. C Robert Perutz, the Polish violinist, and his accompanist, Josef Ruben, and Justin Elie, the Haitian pianist-composer, have ap madeline ALLISON peared in a joint recital under colored management—the Cosmopolitan Concert and Lecture Bureau of New York. G Cleveland G. Allen, a Negro in New York, has won a scholarship at the Angelus Academy of Music, following a competition in which 108 competed. MEETINGS THE Inter-state Literary Association ox Kansas and the West has held its 30th annual session. Professor Joseph L. Bowler presided. Mrs. Myrtle F. Cook was elected president. In Kansas City there are 144 Negro school teachers. C At the annual meeting of the National Historical Art League, held in Louisville, Ky., there were exhibits in pastel, oil, watercolor and crayon by Mrs. Fannie R. Givens, Lottie B. Lee, Carrie Alexander, Mrs. Courtney, Mrs. Willis and Mr. St. Clair. G The 3rd annual meeting of the Circle for Negro Relief has been held in New York City. A balance of $4,208 was reported. Colonel Theodore Roosevelt has been added to the Board of Directors. The unit at Pa latka, Fla., has paid $1,019 toward a community hospital; at Fort Valley, Ga., Miss Maud Hyatt has been secured as community nurse. Miss Belle Davis is secretary of the Circle. G Arthur Schomburg, of New York, was elected president of the American Negro Academy, which recently held its 24th annual session in Washington, D. C. He succeeds John W. Cromwell. EDUCATION PROFESSOR GEORGE W. COOK, Dean of the School of Finance at Howard University, announces his retirement after 40 years service; for 10 years he was secretary-treasurer of Howard. G Payne University is to be moved from Selma to Montgomery, Ala., where St. Joseph's Catholic School and 200 acres of land have been purchased for the institution at a cost of $30,000. 223 THE CRISIS C Dr. M. J. Mullowney, professor at Girard Medical College in Philadelphia, has been elected president of Meharry Medical College at Nashville, Tenn. Dr. Mullowney succeeds Dr. George W. Hubbard, who has been made president emeritus after 40 years service. G The endowment of Meharry Medical College is to be raised from $68,000 to $500,000; of this sum $150,000 each is from the Carnegie Foundation and the General Education Board and $200,000 from the Methodist Church Board. C The name of the State University at Louisville, Ky., has been changed to William J. Simmons University, in honor of its founder. The institution has been operating for 30 years and the Rev. Dr. C. H. Parrish is president. C. The Board of Education for Negroes, formerly the Freedmen's Aid Society of the M. E. Church, reports that during 54 years of existence it has given to the church, 2,117 ministers, 335,000 members, 3,553 edifices worth $11,000,000, and 3,633 Sunday Schools, with 25,000 teachers and 225,000 pupils; its schools have graduated 15,000 students and enrolled 205,597. C The annual Elbert L. Adams Prize Debate has been held at Hampton Institute. The subject was "Resolved: That capital and labor should be compelled to settle their disputes in legally established courts of arbitration." The affirmative side won. The winners—Hei'bert E. Rainey, William A. Shields and Andrew M. Burris—were awarded gold medals. G The enrollment of Wendell Phillips High School in Chicago is 75% colored and 25% white. The Negro enrollment is the largest in the history of the school. d The colored Louisville State University has received $10,000 from the estate of the late Dr. J. S. Anderson, an Indian. (I The appropriation for Howard University has been cut from $243,000 to $164,000; Freedmen's Hospital will receive $115,000, an increase of $12,500; and the National Training School for Girls, $11,800. (I The Alumni Association of Morehouse College has presented an automobile to Dr. John Hope, as an appreciation of 22 years' service. INDUSTRY iN Maryland there are 6,249 Negro farmers; 3,549 are owners, 151 managers and 2,549 tenants; 57% of Negroes and 69% of whites are owners. C On the opening day of the Binga State Bank in Chicago 1,100 people deposited $50,000; with the addition of $151,000 from the Binga private bank the total deposits were $201,000. C David Turner, a Negro brakesman for the Union Pacific Railroad at Denver, Col., has been given a gold watch for preventing an attempted hold-up. Mr. Turner has been an employee of the company for 35 years. (I Emma L. Shields has been appointed Special Agent in the Women's Bureau of the United States Department of Labor, to make a post-war study of conditions among Negro women in industry. Miss Shields is associated with Dr. George E Haynes, Director of Negro Economics. d A daily newspaper, the Richmond Colored American, is being published at Richmond, Va. D. Eugene Taylor, son of the late Rev. J. Anderson Taylor, is manager. O George White, a Negro mail carrier at Nashville, Tenn., during 38 years service has travelled 138,790 miles. C James Meriwether, a Negro at Elberton. Ga., has made a new record for bricklaying—in 2 hours he laid 12,000 bricks, or 100 bricks per minute. C During the past year the assets of the Mechanics Savings Bank, at Savannah, Ga.. increased from $124,048 to $170,717; the total clearings amounted to $1,219,946. The president is P. Edward Perry. d W. Cassella T. Ayres has been re-appointed Assistant Postmaster in the Ohio House of Representatives at Columbus. Mr. Ayres is the first Negro appointee. THE CHURCH mEMBERS of First Street M. E. Church, at New Orleans, La., have raised $8,000 for a community house. The pastor of the church is the Rev. T. F. Robinson. d Zoar M. E. Church, at Philadelphia, Pa., has celebrated its 125th anniversary. During the past year the church gave $5,000 to charities; it has 1,200 members. The Rev. Frederick H. Butler is pastor. (L Shiloh Baptist Church, Wilmington, Del., has celebrated the 44th anniversary of the pastorate of Rev. B. T. Moore. C The Rev. William Smalley, at Macon, Ga., has been retired after 44 years service in the ministry of the C. M. E. Church. In 1888 he was made a presiding elder and THE HORIZON served in this capacity for 15 years. Rev. Smalley owns several rental properties and conducts a grocery business. ([Pilgrim Baptist Church, in Chicago, 111., has purchased the Jewish Temple for a cash payment of $75,000. The property is valued at $360,000. Dr. S. E. J. Watson is pastor. CRIME TN the search for a Negro murderer, 1 -*-white boy and 1 Negro have been killed and 3 persons fatally wounded in a race riot at Independence, Kan. C The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Mitchell County, Ga., January 2, Jim Roland, shot; shooting. Meridian, Miss., January 4, Robert Lewis; murder. Talbotton, Ga., January 6, Sam Williams; reason unknown. Jasper, Ala., January 13, William Beard (white), shot; murder. Norlina, N. C , January 24, Alfred Williams and Plumber Bullock, shot; result of a quarrel. A race riot followed; 5 white and 3 colored men were wounded. Nodena, Ark., January 26, Henry Lowery, burned; murder. C We are informed that Cooksey Dallas— reported to have been lynched for kissing a white girl in Johnson City, Tenn., October 28, 1920—was saved from the mob by the jailer, Mr. Livingston. Dallas has since been tried and acquitted; several members of the mob are under bond. POLITICS PETER BOULT, a Negro Republican at Gary, Ind., has been appointed Deputy Prosecuting Attorney of the 31st Judicial District. He is the first Negro to receive this appointment. C Dr. Woodfin, a Negro physician at Iron-ton, Ohio, has been elected coroner of Lawrence County on the Republican ticket C Through the Republican party, Mrs. Elenora R. Gresham, of Cedar Rapids, Iowa, has been appointed Assistant Postmistress of the legislature, which convened in January for a 100 days' session. SOCIAL PROGRESS COLONEL ARTHUR W. LITTLE has been appointed Commander of the 15th colored Infantry of New York; Colonel William Jay Schieffelin has been assigned to the Officers' Reserve List. In accepting the command Colonel Little said: "I shall devote my most intelligent effort to the development of a regiment which must win recognition as a bulwark of strength to the law-abiding interests of the community, and be an institution of pride to the colored race." C At Gary, Ind., a jury of 12 colored women has sat in Judge Wellner's court. d Leonard Wright, at Rock Rapids, Iowa, has inherited $56,000, 550 acres of land and considerable stock in oil concerns through the death of his parents in the West Indian Islands. During the world war Mr. Wright served as a lieutenant in the Canadian Army and made a record for firing. C Attorney W. L. Houston, noted in our December issue as being the first Negro to appear before the Interstate Commission, is of Washington, D. C, instead of Fort Scott, Kan. C. For the first 6 months of 1920 there were 13,519 Negro births in North Carolina, or 33.8 per cent, per thousand; the birth rate among white people was 31.2 per cent, per thousand. (I Dr. Seymour Hill, a Negro, at Kansas City, Mo., has been appointed Dental Inspector in the public schools. He is a graduate of Howard University. C At May's Landing, N. J., 2 colored women—Mrs. Annie E. Revels and Pauline Ford—were chosen to serve on the jury for the January term of court. d Charles Shipley, a Negro caterer of Baltimore, Md., had charge of the banquet, given at Delmonico's, in New York, by the Fidelity Deposit Company, in honor of Franklin D. Roosevelt. C Herbert Halliday, at Cambridge, Mass., rescued 7 persons, including 3 children, from a burning building. Mr. Halliday is a Negro patrolman connected with the Central Square Station. G Judge W. A. Bond, at Wayne, Ind., has appointed a Negro—Attorney Cornelius R. Richardson, as Special Judge to preside over the Circuit Court in the hearing of 3 white defendants in prohibition cases. Mr. Richardson is a graduate of Howard and the first Negro to receive this appointment. C. James A. Cobb, a Negro at Washington, D. C , was appointed a member of the Harding Inaugural Committee. Mr. Cobb was Assistant District Attorney during President Taft's administration. THE CRISIS G Twenty-five Negroes were guests at a dinner given by the Twentieth Century Club of Boston, Mass. John Graham Brooks, president of the club, presided, and among the speakers were Mrs. Butler Wilson, Matthew Bullock and Dennis McCarthy. G The colored Y. M. C. A. of Kentucky during the last year organized 61 inter-racial committees and held 3 state conferences; 60 county welfare conferences were held, and 175 scholarships amounting to $12,000 were awarded. G Mrs. Martha B. Spencer has been appointed Health Supervisor of Halifax County Schools, Virginia. Mrs. Spencer is a graduate of Lincoln Hospital in New York C At Hamtramack, Mich., Dr. James L. Henderson, a Negro, has been elected a member of the City Council. GThe Children's Aid Society is employing a Negro social worker—in the person of Anna L. Holbrook—at Buffalo, N. Y. Miss Holbrook was formerly secretary of the colored Y. W. C. A. in Brooklyn, N. Y. C At Wilmington, Del., Dr. John 0. Hopkins, a Negro, is a member of the City Council. Other Negro appointees, since Dr. Hopkins' election, are 3 clerks in the Office of the Recorder of Deeds, 1 clerk in the County Treasurer's Office, a member of the Board of Health, a Health Officer, and a bailiff of the Council. G Major Fred W. Moore has cancelled a southern trip of the Harvard Varsity track team because the University of Virginia and the Naval Academy teams did not care to meet a team with Negro players. G Negroes of Winston-Salem, N. C , have raised $100,000 with which to provide a hotel for colored people. G At Hotel Dennis, Atlantic City, N. J., among speakers at a conference of public school officials was a colored teacher, Melissa Jones of the Indiana Avenue School. Her subject was "The Project Method, as Applied to Geography and English." C Dr. Willard Landry, a Negro surgeon at Chicago, has performed 4 successful Caesarian operations. G Attorney James B. Morris, a Negro at Des Moines, la., has been appointed deputy in the Tax Department of the County Treasurer's Office. He was formerly a Lieutenant in the 366th Infantry, A. E. F. G Sergeant John J. L. Taylor, of the Supply Troop, 10th U. S. Cavalry, has been placed on the retired list after 26 years of continuous service. NATIONAL URBAN LEAGUE THE Annual Report of the National Ur ban League just issued is a brief re view of its work and a summary of the results of the activities of its locals. The most important work—that of securing com munity betterment, inter-racial and racial co operation and a healthier attitude toward living cannot be recorded. The following general statements indicate some of the methods used to bring these about. C Twenty thousand persons were given em ployment; 135 industries were persuaded to give Negro labor a trial; including last year's placements more than 50 personnel workers have been placed in industrial plants to increase the efficiency of Negro labor; 221 noon-day meetings were held in this connection ; 4 cities conducted classes for training foremen, personnel workers and for the workmen themselves; 10 cities conducted night classes for illiterates. C Seven men were given intensive training and were placed as League Executives; 11 community houses were conducted in congested districts in the large cities; 30 Leagues in as many cities carried out programs for better communities through bettering conditions among Negroes in health, housing, recreation, work, education and morals; 200 white and colored social and civic agencies co-operated in this program. G Several new organizations have been completed and full-time executives have been engaged in Louisville, Kansas City and Cambridge. G The budgets of Urban Leagues of 8 cities are included in the City Community Chests —Louisville and Kansas City being the latest organized on this basis. Some of these organizations raised for the community chest more than their quota for the current expenses. C Special investigations on housing, recreation, school attendance, condition of children's teeth, various industrial conditions, extent and conditions of unemployment have been made in 12 cities. G The 2 "fellows" trained last year—like those trained in previous years—are employed in the field of social work; 5 "fellows" are now in training in schools of social work in Chicago, Philadelphia, Boston and New York, and 4 high school and college scholarships for deserving students are being maintained by a local organization. G Twenty-two of the local Leagues are THE HORIZON conducting definite educational programs, including health, thrift, training classes for industrial development, recreation and general culture. C St. John's Institutional Activities of Springfield, Mass., Dr. William N. De Berry, Director, is affiliated with the League. Last year it received as a gift a farm of 54 acres which it plans to use for intensive farming and for "fresh air" work among boys. C Several thousand women and children were given vacations and outings last summer in Cleveland, Detroit, Philadelphia, New York, Newark, Atlanta and Memphis by local organizations. C Boys, girls and women to the number of 3,260 have been helped through Big Brother and Big Sister organizations and Juvenile Court workers of the League in 7 cities. C The cost of this work to the national and local organizations for the year 1920 was $185,000. PERSONAL WOODWARD STUART, at Noblesville. Ind., is dead at the age of 86. He leaves an estate estimated at $75,000, which consists mostly of farm land. One son survives him. C Ella M. Rice, for 23 years principal of the Colored Industrial School at New Brunswick, N. J., is dead. Her work will be carried on by her son, Everett Rice. C The late Dr. Robert W. Brown, of Washington, D. C , president of the National Benefit Life Insurance Company, leaves an estate estimated at over $500,000; his practice netted him $1,000 a month. C W. Calvin Chase, editor of the Washington Bee, is dead. The District Supreme Court, of which he was a member, and other courts adjourned as a mark of respect. C. Mr. and Mrs. George D. Birch at Brooklyn, N. Y., have celebrated their 50th welding anniversary. There were 7 children, 1 grandchild and 10 great-grandchildren present. (I The Rev. James Griswold Merrill, who served as president of Fisk University during 1901-9, is dead. During Mr. Merrill's administration the curriculum of the school was enlarged, courses in domestic science were instituted and Chase Hall and the Carnegie Library were erected. C The Rev. J. J. Durham, of Columbia, S. ("., is dead at the age of 74. He was president of the Baptist State Convention for the past 15 years and the founder of Morris College at Sumter. He studied at Atlanta, Fisk and Meharry. (T Phillip L. Smith, a Negro porter at the Savannah Cotton Exchange for 40 years, is dead. The Pag on the Cotton Exchange Building was flown at half-mast in his honor. ([ Miss Josie Harvey, a music-teacher of Philadelphia, Pa., is dead. She was a member of one of the oldest families in Philadelphia, almost every member of which dis played unusual musical talent. Two of her nephews, Carl Diton and Harvey Hebron, also have achieved distinction as a pianist and a composer, respectively. C Mrs. Jessie Hale Moss, president of the Omaha, Neb., Branch of the N. A. A. C. P.. is dead. Mrs. Moss was a native of Ohio, a niece of the late Samuel Blaine Allen, former Mayor of Rendville in that state, and was for several years a teacher in the public schools. During recent years she has been a resident of Omaha where she was actively connected with practically every movement for the social, educational and civic uplift of her people. FOREIGN AT the dinner given to British women by the American Society in London and attended by royalty, Roland Hayes, the Negro tenor of America, sang "The Star-Spangled Banner." C If conditions imposed by the Army Council are fulfilled, France will have in 1923 an army of 800,000 men, 300,000 of whom will be Colonial black troops. (T The Negro population of Cuba is on the verge of an uprising, in a demand for the withdrawal of that section of the Piatt Amendment, which prohibits the establishment of a political party based upon color. G A school plantation has been built at El-Oualadji, Sudan, for instruction to natives in modern methods of cotton growing. The Colonial Cotton Company is constructing 2 mills in the valley of the Niger, at Segou and at San and is shipping gins and presses to Sudan and Haute Volta. G Public libraries have been opened in St. Thomas, Christianstcd and Frederiksted. V. I., by the American Red Cross and American Library Association. Each library contains an average of 2,000 volumes. 228	 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The Brownie's Book Special Circulation Campaign We take pleasure in announcing that arrangements have been made with Mr. Thomas J. Calloway, who so successfully conducted a special circulation campaign for THE CRISIS three years ago, in accordance with which he will direct a SPECIAL CAMPAIGN during the next three months for an increased circulation for During this period Mr. Calloway will meet and confer with our present agents, appoint and instruct new agents, interest and solicit annual subscribers and in other ways bring the attention of the public to 2Brotonte£(' $ook A monthly magazine tor children which attempts to bring to them: I.	 The best in pictures and stories of Negro life. 2 The life and deeds of famous men and women of the Negro race. 3.	 The current events of the world told in beautiful language zvhich children can understand. We ask for Mr. Calloway the cordial and hearty co-operation of our friends. DuBois and Dill, Publishers 2 West 13th Street, New York, N. Y. 'Subscription: 15c per copy *- $1.50 per year Read it yourself and be sure that your friends read CHILDREN IN THE MIST By George Madden Martin The Crisis says: "Eight stories written simply and sympathetically give a new concept of the CHILDREN IN THE MIST who live in Mississippi, Louisiana, Florida, the rice fields of the Carolinas and the backwoods of Kentucky. These are people emerging from the fogs of slavery and gazing through a glass darkly on a freedom promised, but as 'yet denied.' Mrs. Martin has let the characters in the main speak for themselves so the reader must be touched and thrilled and saddened according to his own dictates." "Delightful as ever, this new volume of George Madden Martin's can be read for pleasure alone. But it will bear le-reading and thought, for it has a purpose—a desire to interpret to one race the meaning and the needs of another."—New York Times. At All Booksellers, $1-75 D. Appleton &amp; Company 35 West 32d St. New York DARKWATER OR 20th Century Uncle Tom's Cabin Dr. DuBois' new book is the sensation of the day; selling like "wild fire". Price only $2.00. Order today. Satisfaction guaranteed or money refunded. AGENTS WANTED; send 50 cts. for outfit. AUSTIN JENKINS CO. BOOK AND BIBLE PUBLISHERS 523 9th St. N. W., Washington, D. C. Mention 1 he Crisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER STORAGE BATTERY REPAIRING has been added to the Course in AUTO MECHANICS At The Prairie View State Normal &amp; Industrial College which has turned out more ENGINE REPAIRMEN, TRACTOR OPERATORS, CHAUFFEURS, MECHANICS &amp; AUTO ELECTRICIANS and VULCANIZERS than any other Automobile School for Negroes ADDRESS : Division of Mech anic Arts, Prairie View, Tex A well established Corporation- doing a half million dollar business yearly, desires the Atlanta University services of an intelligent, live-wire man or woman to take charge and sell a block of Studies of the Negro Problems stock in a nationally known concern. Only those wanting to connect themselves ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCEwith a permanent organization where good ATLANTA UNIVERSITY •• ATLANTA, GA. 	services are quickly recognized and repaid need apply. Address Sales Manager The Colored Teachers7 Bureau Will Help Yon Get a Better Paying Position. BERESFORD GALE CORPORATION SEGI8TEH NOW TESMI SEASONABLE Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau GALE BUILDING Box 22, WlTberfoioe, 0 . 413'South Broad Philadelphia, Pa. IMPROVE YOURSELF! $20 to $30 Per Week HELP OTHERSI Easy, pleasant^ dignified being made selling	 our new book "Progress work. $2 per hour. Unusual and Achievements of the Colored People" by opportunity. Send 60c in stamps for membership, supProf. Kelly Miller, showing the wonderful plies, etc. 	doings and new opportunities of our race. National LiteraryAssociationLow prices, many pictures; lightning seller. 1230 You St., N. W, Waah., D. C. Ask for terms; write quick. Austin Jenkins Co., 9thSt., Washington, D. C DOWN GO BADGE PRICES LODGES TAKE NOTICE BIG REDUCTIONS IN PRICES ON BADGES Get our price list for your society	 and save money. In our new and permanent home we have ample equip ment to give prompt service. Let this old reliable race enterprise serve you whatever your needs. Reductions on all regalia. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. 641 W. 9th St., Cincinnati, Ohio JOS. L. JONES, Sr., Pres.	 JOS. L. JONES, Jr., Manager. Mention The Crisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 27th ANNUAL STATEMENT OF SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VA., INC. (Condensed) The SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VA., INC., notes with a high regard the timely and insistent demand of our people for Facts and Figures from corporations and institutions appealing to them for patronage and investment. The Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., has annually published full and accurate statements of its Income and Disbursements, as well as its Assets and Liabilities: And it has given wide distribution of this matter to its membership and the public. This was done despite the criticism of competitors and other uninformed persons: who said that, "since our people were not up on financial matters, the time and money spent in preparing and publishing such information was simply a waste of efforts and good money." But the Southern Aid management knew that the race was making rapid strides of advancement in education, business and finance, and would, therefore, soon be alive to such matters. Today's "Show Me" spirit of our people compensates us for our efforts and convinces the critics that the people now demand more than Names and Promises as inducements for their support or investment. Therefore the Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., takes great pleasure in spreading before the public its 27th Annual Financial Statement for consideration. RECEIPTS Jan. 1, 1920, Cash Balance Brought Forward $145,076.94 "Dec. 31, 1920, Annual Income 712,647.58 Gross Receipts for 1950 $857,784.52 DISBURSEMENTS Dec. 31, 1920, Total Paid Out (Including investments made during the year) $759,036.35 Cash Balance, Dec. 31, 1030 $98,6SS.17 ASSETS LIABILITIES Cash Balance $ 9S.0SS.17 Capital Stock $ 30.000.00 Real Est. (Free of all Liens) 303,252.67 Deposits of Employees 15.203.S9 Real Estate Mortcages 71.S99.60 Ledger Accounts 10,488.00 Federal, State and City Bonds 62,838.00 Furniture and Fixtures 7,000.00 SURPLUS FUND 493,046.57 Bills Receivable 1.358.If, Inventories. Sundry Accts .. . 4,001.87 Total $548,736.46 Total $548,738.46 CAPITAL AND SURPLUS $ 623,046.57 Total Amount of Claims Paid to December 31, 1920 $2,170,734.86 The above verified record of great achievement does not satisfv us: W e are therefore planning for greater growth thru belter and larger service to our policyholders in the hours of sickness, accidents and death: In opening more avenues of employment to more of our people: And by supporting and co-operating with other Race Enterprises. The unstinted and liberal support of our policyholders has made it possible for us to attain this splendid position in finance: Therefore the conservation of their best interests shall always receive our first consideration. SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VA., INC. Home Office: 527 N. Second St., Richmond, Va. District Offices and Agencies throughout the State of Virginia Write for your copy of the 2/IJi Annual Statement. Mention TH E CRISIS, THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NATION stands for justice to the Negro— For fifty-six years it has unremittingly fought the Negro's fight and focussed public attention on his wrongs. It is pursuing this policy now even more aggressively than in the past. THE NATION published during the past year James Weldon Johnson's series of notable articles Self-Determining Haiti These articles are directly responsible for the Governmental inspection of conditions in Haiti and are likely to cause the Congressional investigation which has already been recommended by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. TH E NATIO N is planning to carry in the near future an article on Jim Crow by William Pickens. It will press the question of disfranchisement of colored voters in the South with the women voters. It will continue to fight uncompromisingly against every form of race discrimination. Subscribe to THE NATION now, so that you will not miss seeing it for a single week during the coming year. By sending us $5.00 for a year's subscription you will save $2.40 over the newsstand price, and in addition will receive free a copy of either of the books listed below. Fill in the blank, indicating your choice, and mail at once THE NATION 20 Vesey Street, New York, N. Y. Please send me THE NATION for the next 62 weeks together with a copy of the hook checked below. I enclose $5.00 to cover this special offer. Name Address • The Negro Faces America, by Herbert Seligmann. • Rachel, by Angelina Grimke. or For $5.50 with THE NATION For $6.00 with THE NATION The Voice of the Negro The Soul of John Brown by Robert T. Kerlin by Stephen Graham Mention TH E CUISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Soothing the after-smart of shaving Madam C. J. Walkers Witch Hazel Jelly &lt;J A sharp razor and good lather are not enough to prevent a tingling smartness after the morning shave. (J An application of Madam Walker's Witch Hazel Jelly soothes the skin, prevents chap and assures comfort after shaving. 35 cents of Agents and Druggists Made by the Mme.C. J.Walker Mfg. Co.. 64oNorthWest St.. Indianapolis. Ind THE CRISIS ADVERTISER YOU MUST ACT QUICKLY IF YOU WANT TO SECURE LOTS IN BEAUTIFUL ORCHARDVILLE, UNDER OUR DEVELOPMENT PLAN, FOR ON VERY ONLY EASY TERMS $56 Now that business is picking up again, there is out extra cost. The terms are only $6.00 down going to be a GREATER DEMAND FOR and $3.00 a month per lot. Smaller terms per ORCHARDVILLE LOTS than ever before belot when more than one are purchased. NO cause people who have delayed buying will now INTEREST. carry out their plans to secure Orchardville lots Do not pass this offer by without first getting all BEFORE THEY ARE ALL SOLD. Only a the details. We have a beautiful booklet that VERY LIMITED NUMBER are left which will contains all the particulars of this offer and abe sold under our attractive development plan, number of excellent scenes; also one that contains and it is important that all those who wish to several letters from people who have been to secure lots ACT QUICKLY. Orchardville, as well as other interesting inforThe lots are size 30 x 144 Feet and each one mation. These booklets are worth reading. Ail will have FIVE FRUIT TREES on it and one you need do in order to receive them is to write BEAUTIFUL SHADE TREE, which we will take your name and address on the coupon attached care of for FOUR YEARS WITHOUT EXTRA below and mail it to us RIGHT AWAY. The COST. booklets will be sent to you by return mail. DON'T DELAY THIS BECAUSE THE LOTS The lots are sold under a MONEY BACK GUARARE GOING FAST AND THE SUPPLY IS ANTEE and the TITLE is ABSOLUTELY GROWING SMALLER EVERY DAY. Send CLEAR. It is conveyed by Warranty Deed withthe coupon RIGHT NOW. ADDRESS Arenson Realty Development Corporation 19 S. La Salle Street -: -: CHICAGO, ILL. WRITE PLAINLY ARENSON EEAI/TY DEV'PT. CORP. ! ' Cbica*., 111. Dat e 192 1 I 'IGentlemen:— I am Interested In your Orchardville offer your booklets without any obligation to me,  and would like to receive a copy of each of , | Name I | Address 1 | Town State I I CEI-3-21 Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER MISS MADELINE ALLISON rrr^rcr^x SHOPPER xzzzzzzzzzz If you are thinking of making a purchase, why not give mail order buying a trial? The results:— Shippensburg, Pa., January 10, 1921. My dear Miss Allison: I have received the writing paper and it was satisfactory and I want to thank you for your kindness. Very sincerely yours, Edna Russ. Jamesville, N. C. January 24, 1921. Dear Miss Allison: The package was received to-night and I thank you very much, especially for being so prompt. Very sincerely yours, William Green. Write for free catalog. Room 622, 70 Fifth Avenue NEW YORK, N. Y. (Refers by permission to the Editor of the Crisis.) LIVE IN NEW YORK The Queens Apartment House Association is a corporation organized under the laws of the State of New York. The object of the corporation is to build homes and apartment houses in Corona, New York City. Corona is a beautiful suburban section of New York City; beautiful homes, good schools and a delightful church life. It is in easy reach of all parts of the city and 18 minutes from the business center of the city. One of the best investments that can be made is in New York City Real Estate. Thousands of homes needed and every apartment could be rented at once. INVES TIG A TE Queens Apartment House Association 46 East Jackson Ave. Corona, N. Y . City. Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 235 MADE "MEASURE EXPRESS OR POSTAGE PREPAID This offer is one of the biggest, most generous ever made by any tailoring house. It's your one big opportunity to get a finely tail-ored-to-measure 2-piece suit with box back, superbly trimmed and cut in the latest city style for only $13.50. WE'RE OUT TO BEAT HIGH TAILORING PRICES Your own local tailor couldn't and wouldn't make you a suit for $13.50, let alone supply the cloth, linings and trimmings. Why not save 50% on your next suit? We have such a tremendous business, buy all our materials in such large quantities and have such a perfect organization that we can make these wonderful prices—and remember we guarantee style, fit and workmanship or your money back. You Save*flto$|| Thi9 suit for 513.50 clearly proves our supremacy in the tailoring field, We offer dozens of equally good values. Let's tell you about them. We would rather you did Big Sample Outfit FREE not send us any money until we send our . Write us today and we will mail you absolutely FREE our beautifully illustrated pattern book showing dozens of the latest city styles and designs, also many large size cloth samples to choose from. You will be simply thunderstruck at the exceptional values we are offering this year. Don'tdelay; we urge you to act quick; today! THE PROGRESS TAILORING CO Dept. 606,Mention T n Cum.  CHICAGO THE CRISIS ADVERTISER ESTABLISHED 1900 INVESTMENTS CONSERVATIVE AND PROFITABLE INVESTMENTS FOR LARGE AND SMALL INVESTORS. FREE MARKET LETTER ON APPLICATION. HENRY SACHS (Formerly of Boston) Member, N. A. A. C. P. C. M. balkAm M. A. ESMIOL FIRST NATIONAL BANK BUILDING, COLORADO SPRINGS, COLORADO References furnished from various sections of the United States. Cleota J. Collins Genuine Blue-Bell $029 Lyric Soprano Chambray Shirts L*~ "Judging from the appearm ance of a large number of music lovers, her sweet lyric voice held them ipellbound. She was applauded again and again after each number."— Boston	 Chronicle. Address: 156 HAMILTON AVENUE. COLUMBUS. OHIO E. ALDAMA JACKSON Graduate of Institute of Musical Art Organist-Director of Music of St. Marks M. E Church; Concert Accompanist; Piano, Voice, Theory, Instruction, Conducting, Coaching. Reinforced Harmony taught from beginning to comGusset pletion. Private or correspondence. Geothius system. Rush your ordei in Studio: 250 W. 138th St., New York, N. 5f. SEND NO MONEY today sure. GreatTelephone Morningside 1708. est shirt offer ever made. 3 fine heavy Blue A MONEY GETTER because it la A CROWD GETTER Chambray shirts for work and semi-dress guaranteed fast color and worth $1.50 each, only $2.29. Cliurcbea and Clubs looking for a play that will afford aD evening of Side Splitting Fun, Bbould hare OUR GUARANTEE fSSJSttfS less than $4.60, and do not think you have saved The Slabtown Convention ot least S2.50. return at our expense. Don't pay high An entertainment In one act: full of wit retail prices. Order today sure, before it is too lata and good humor. Scores of churches bate cleared from WE PAY DELIVERY CHARGES TO YOUR DOOR, auotberbig saying. All 3 shirtB$2.29. Give neck size. One to Two Hundred Dollars In One Night PRICE. 50c BERNARD-HEWITT &amp; COMPANY MISS NANNIE H. BURROUGHS, Author Peak F 0443 9 10 W. Van Buren St.. CHICAGO Ltnroln Heights.	 Washington. D. C. TW O GREAT BOOKS for $2.50 NO LIBRARY COMPLETE WITHOUT THEM P (1)	 The History of the Negro Race and Negro Soldiers In the Spanish-American War, Dating Back to Egypt and the Fharoas—400 pages, 50 illustrations. (Retails alone for $1.25.) Was adopted as a textbook by North Carolina State Board of Education. (2)	 The Pictorial History of the Negro in the Great World War, giving a brilliant historical sketch, a description of battle 6cenes by Colonel Haywood, of the Fighting Fifteenth New York, Capt. Marshall, Sergeant Steptoe, Ralph Tyler and others, with 150 excellent pictures of officers and men and war views. (Sells alone for $5.00.) Just Think, only $2.50 for these two great books. Agents wanted everywhere, large commissions paid ADDRESS: E. A. JOHNSON, 17 West 132nd Street, New York, N.Y. Mention The Crisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Are You Going Away? BE A LAND OWNER! Let us secure desirable hotel accomEnjoy that proud, self-satisfied and independmodations for you ANYWHERE ent feeling that comes with the ownership of a fine country estate, Invest your savin the U. S. A. ings where they will ho safe and where they can some day earn you maximum reWrite, stating where and when you turns. Get away from the turmoil of tho want to go, to city, the lay-offs, strikes, congestion, high cost of living, etc. If you act QUICKLY you can BECURE a Woodvillo country estate con T RAVELERS ' S PECIALIZED sisting of 10, 20 or 40 acres in a flno locaI NFORMATION S ERVIC E tion in Michigan, on very easy terms, 903 You Street, N. W., Washington, D. C. "At the Service of The Colored Traveler " FOR ONLY PER ACRE FREE TOWN LOT with each 10 acre tract, also a SPECIAL ADVERTISING DISCOUNT to those who act AT ONCE. The tract is well located, RIGHT ON A RAILROAD, with Democracy Film Corporation the station right there. The land Is high Presents Theatres Now Booking and dry and sold under a MONEY BACK GUARANTEE. The TITLE is ABSOLUTELY CLEAR. Send for our BEAUTIFUL BOOK "LOYAL HEARTS" LET and get all the details of this offer A FIVE REEL DRAMA without any obligaton to you. It contains Featuring SIDNEY P. DONES and an ALL a gTeat many good views of the property, COLORED CAST. A smashing, virile story of as well as interesting information. Simply, our race heroes; the bursting of shells and ask for a WOODVILLE booklet and mention sweet song of romance beautifully interwoven. the Crisis. Write your name and address Most thrilling and exciting colored picture ever plainly. SEND FOR YOUR COPY TODAY screened. TERRITORY AGENTS wanted at because the tracts are going FAST. Address once. Immediate booking. Beautiful advertising cards and slides. Write or wire BOOKER ARENSON REALTY DEVELOPMENT CORP. TEE FILM COMPANY, 1718 W. Jefferson St., LOS Angeles, Cal. Other high class plays to 19 S. LA SALLE ST. CHICAGO, III. follow. AGENTS EARN $75.00 A WEEK ^ - Selling our Enlarged Photo Mey£jg»aC5^'__ dallions. Photo Cuff Button, I ^SAM ^tefc^cS. Photo Lockets. Photo Watch I Agents for THE CRISIS. Dignified Work Charms, Photo Breast Pins, \70 Fifth Avenue, New York Photo Clocks an&gt; Life Size Portraits (16 i 20).I We copy from I an y Photograph I and Return Tour | Original Photo. AgenU* Enlarjreu I Samples 50c. |Write quick for THIS amazing Negro Books, Pictures and POSI tlnderwear bargain. Only Cards. Prompt Shipments. 100-' limited quantity. Wonderful Agents and Dealers Wanted. Free Catalog. Bethel Art |Co.. 97 South St.. Jamaica. N. Y. quality genuine French Bal briggan union BUIT. Great est value ever offered. Each suit worth $2.00. 3 UNION $089 SEND NO MONEY SUITS FOR ^ SMASHING SHOE OFFER ' Mail powtenrd or letter to-Rash your order in this minute for a pair of I day sure, thin very minute. i famous AMKKIOAJM EAGLE Munson last, / for 3 union hoitH, extra ...mi - dress and f full cut. short winded work shoe. Worth sleeves, ankle length, $6.00. NOW $3.39. .neatly trimmed throughout, £ very silky in iiiipeiirnnce. will thor. E give splendid wear. KKNJ; OU«&gt;:i». r i • I-— * NO MONEY. Pay nnlv *2.H&lt;) .oi' aifnlriHlacids.and ;:nn Arrival. WE PAY DEt. IJI.WH tuniinB makes LIVERY CHARGES, another thorn wBlorpruof. i big saving. We guarantee to WE GUARANTEE TO refund mon : REFUND YOUR MONEY I IF YOU CAN MATCH THESE 3 WONDERFUL { UNION SUITS FOR $6.00. Order this amazing bargain this minute before it is too late. Sizes 34 to 46. Just give name, address, and breast measure. Guaranteed6MONTH*' WEAI X BERNARD-HEWITT S CO. Don't wait Only limited quantity. Be sure D«&gt;k J 0443 to get yours. Get in on this amazing offer, 9(10 W.VAN GUREN 31..CHICAGO State size and color. We pay shipping charges. BEP^APD-HEWITT &amp; COMPANY DEPT. C 044) 900 W. VAN BUREN, CHICAGO MENTION THE CRISIS. 238 	THE CRISIS ADVERTISER OUR LATEST CATALOG WILL BE MAILED TO YOU UPON REQUEST We are positively the only Manufacturers of HUMAN HAIR GOODS who specialize and cater direct to the Colored People. Our Wigs, Switches, Transformations, Bobs and Braids are strictly handmade—of the finest qualities of real Human Hair Goods and manufactured under the supervision of MME . BAUM, by the most skillful artists in the a trade. t o X-i Try Mme. Baum's Celebrated Scalp and Face Preparations which are made H of the finest ingredients and are the most satisfying to the person using PI 5 them. •n o o K We carry the largest selection of Haira O 	o u. 	dressers' Tools and Accessories. &gt; Mme. Baum's Bob u gives the appear, &gt; r-ance of wearing the r E hair bobbed, but O i makes cutting unn necessary. Mad e MME. BAUM'S of strictly Supreme Quality human hair, with natural MAIL ORDER HOUSE waves, tewed on Velvet Ribbon, fitted with three tuck Combs to Our Factory is Located at hold secure. In all shades. Price. 55.50. 80 FOURTH AVE. NEW YORK, N. Y. When writing, mention this paper. HO YOU WANT LIBERTY AND WEALTH IN A LAND OF PLENTY? UNLIMITED OPPORTUNITY AND EQUALITY? 	Rush your order in today sure. Genuine Swoizene shirt material, extra fine count, very high luster Latest effects, most beautiful black, blue and lavender stripes. Guaranteed fast colors, rich looking, wear better than silk. Cut extra full, coat front style, soft French turn-back cuffs. Them Buy \\r /-I — - to refund your money im-W e LlUarantee mediately if you can match Land In Brazil these Bhirts for less than S6.50. Don't pay high retail prices. Order yourB today sure, before it is too late. Delivery cbarees paid—another big saving. Bend no Swath America money, all three shirts 83.59 0. O. D. Give neck size. Bernard - Hewitt &amp; Co. Dept. E 3443 900 W. Van Buren St., Chicago Kindly Semi I'.JC in Stamps fi Booklet Colored Agents Wanted BRAZILIAN AMERICAN to sell Lubrioant Carbon Remover to auto COLONIZATION SYNDICATE owners. Carbon Remover $1.00 per can. American Office 3539J4 South State Street. Write today for information. Chicago, HI. Auto Lubricant Carbon Remover Co. 251 Shrewsbury St., Worcester, Mass. Mention TH I CKISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER WANTED WANTED Live Agents At Once To Sell DUDLEY'S FAMOUS AUTO POLISH for furniture, pianos, church pews, hardwood floors and hundreds of other things that have a varnished snrfaoe. Makes them look like new. Agents oan make (60.00 to 175.00 per week selling Dudley's Polish to furniture dealers, drug stores, hardware stores, churches, housekeepers, automobile •lores, paint stores and grooery stores. Special Offer: For 90 days we will ship to all new agents $10.00 worth of Dudley's Polish for $5.00. Take advantage of this special offer at onoe. Dudley &amp; Porter Manufacturing Co. 11S South Main St., Muskogee, Okl . a r«/«»Ao«i., Baring tit* ISADORE MARTIN Real Estate and Insurance Notary Public Mortgage$ 6 North 42nd Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Tel 6417 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN Attorney and Counsellor-at-Law 14 School Street Boston, Mass. "SOME DON'TS" J= nents. "A Programme for Life." Agents Wanted. Price 10c Try the 5c. and 10c. stores. A. R. Gillespie, 2278 East 97th St., Cleveland. Ohio. Send No Money Snap this bargain up right now before it is too late. Only limited quantity. Amazing underwear bargain. Greatest ever made. union $950 SUITS for fc— Send postcard or let ter today — this very minute, for these three athletic style, white dimity check summer union suits, cut full, well made, wear splendid. Send No Money — pay only $2.«0C.O.D. on arrival, no more; We pay delivery charges, another big saving. WE GUARANTEE TO REFUND YOUR MONEY if you can match these three wonderful summer union suits for $4.50. Order this amazing bargain this minute before it is too late. Just give name, address and breast measure BERNARD-HEWITT &amp; CO. Dept. G 0443 CHICAGO FARM FOR SALE or RENT or on shares; with buildings; bargain, 80 acres—near Little Rock, Arkansas. J. J. EDWARDS, 3256 Rhodes Ave., Chicago, 111 Mention THE WANTED MEN AND WOMEN Tu sell LAND in tracts of 10 and 20 acres each at a low price. This is a very attractive proposition to purchaser and agents and a live-wire worker can make BIG money each week by handling it. Good commission, excellent selling plan, plenty of co-operation, and a reliable firm behind you. The conditions in the city have become such as to make people realize the desirability of getting out into the country, and the demand for tracts of land like the kind we offer at Woodville, Michigan, is going to be greater this year than ever before.' If you have a good following and would like to earn big money handling this offer, send for full particulars AT ONCE. Address ARENSON REALTY DEVELOPMENT CORP. 19 S. La Salle St. Chicago, 111. SPEND YOUB VACATION AT The moil wonderfully Ideal spot where young and old cast aside for the time all the cares and worries of their strenuous, nerve-racking routine Uvea and romp aDd play once more as children and enjoy to the full nature In all ber wondrous glory. The waters of the lake and surrounding trout streams are fairly teem In a with game fish of the beet varieties. Do you enjoy bathing, boating, fishing, hunting I De you enjoy roaming through the woods picking wild flowers and wild berries f Do you want a place to go where you can build up your health, vitality, energy and business efficiency T Do yoa enjoy mingling with the ecthi, thinking. V progressive people of the day—people who do things T * Do you believe In progress and do you want to /have a part In one of the most progressive move-f merits of the time? Surely I * Then you will be Interested In, and want to ' own a lot of your own In Beautiful Idlewlld, * Michigan. If you act at once you can enre a beautiful lot for only $.15.to each; / $0.00 cash; $1.00 per week. When your ' payments are completed the lot will bt • transferred to you by an absolute ' ^. / warranty deed with abstract show-/ s in a clear title. Good live energetic ^ ^* 4 agents wanted Idlewild Resort /&amp; / Company //f £ 1110 Hartford Bldg » V.7/ . So. Dear been St. A^Vs Cbka«*lll. /e * it/*' J + '$ A* Mr//// CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER NATIONAL CAPITAL CODE OF ETIQUETTE combined with SHORT STORIES FOR COLORED PEOPLE ETIQUETTE PART i A Book absolutely in a class by itself. Interesting, instructive, handsomely illustrated. Wonderful pictures of Washington's prominent colored Society leaders on the street; at the Theatre; at Church; in the Home; at Receptions, Balls. Parties, Weddings, Dinners, &amp;c, &amp;c. The illustrations are so perfect and natural that the well bred, correctly clothed men and women almost speak to you. Learn how to dress and conduct yourself on any and all occasions; correct dress for men and women; suggestions in colors and materials for the ladies; hints as to footwear, hats, appropriate combinations, &amp;c, for both sexes. What to serve your guests at breakfast, lunch or dinner. How to converse intelligently; how to know when to talk and when to remain silent; how to make friends and gain popularity. A book that will help the most prominent member of society or the most humble. STORIES PART 2 A wonderful collection of Short Sto ries for Young and Old. Stories that will hold your attention from start to finish. By the most famous colored writer of Short Stories in America. Stories of Adventure Stories of Pluck Stories of Bravery Stories of Success Stories of School Days Stories of Great Men Stories for Father, Mother or the Chil dren. Funny Stories; Stories that will bring the tears to your eyes; Stories once started must be finished before laying aside the book. Handsomely il lustrated—pictures that seem to live throughout the story. Illustrating Table Manners A Book you will want Must have in your home Agents Wanted A most excellent Gift We are looking for 1000 hustlers, men Over fifty pages of pleasing pictures taken and women. Our offer will pay you posifrom best photographs. A BIG BOOK, tively $4 to $9 per day. One agent made :ontaining over 400 pages. The people $21 the first day. Such an opporare much pleased with this new publicatunity comes but once in a lifetime. tion and are sending thousands of orders AGENTS' SAMPLE showing specimen to us. Order today. We send by insured pages and the pictures and covers of book, parcel post; return vour money if not will be mailed to you for 25 cents. It perfectly satisfied. Price ONLY $2.50. represents exactly the complete book. Write todav. Send 2.S cents (or agents' outfit to-day. No. 523 9th STR EET, AUSTIN JENKINS CO. WASHINGTON, D. C. Publishers Mention THE CIISIS. If I send • /CL you a suit made If/ / yc your measure in the lates t V style, from choicest sty st; fabrics, would you be willing to keep and wear it, show it to your friends and let them see our beautiful samples and dashing new styles? | Could You Use $10 a Day I for a Little Spare Time? jg&amp; Perhaps I can offer you a steady job. If you will write me a &amp; letter or a postal at once and say: "Send me your special offer," §B I will send you samples and styles to pick from and my new surprising liberal offer. SS Address sZfvT* s i Jh C/t&gt;UfJL^ ) President. | Banner Tailoring Co. cfiSJ 927 . Chicago, 111 ' TEAR OUT HERE—MAIL TODAY . FREE SAMPLE BOOK COUPON Banner Tailoring Company, Dept. 927, Chicago, III. Gentlemen: Please send me your big NEW book of Samples and Styles and your ^ Special Offer, Everything free and postpaid. ^ | Name Postoffice ^ Street and No R. F. D. Box Stale ^* Nile Queen Preparations "FOR HAIR and SKIN" Scientifically manufactured to meet your particular beauty requirements NILE QUEEN Hair Beautifier NILE QUEEN Cold Cream NILE QUEEN Vanishing Cream NILE QUEEN Liquid Cold Cream NILE QUEEN Face Powder Pink, Flesh, ll'liitc, Brunette and Cream Brown 50c /:'-/( II -POSTAGE 5c F.XTR. I The country-wide demand for NIL E QUEE N preparations has become so great that they are on sale at most drug stores and first class beauty shops. If your dealer or agent cannot supply you. send us his name with your order. Jp Mm. rj FJ FREE — Beauty Book = KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO. 3423 Indiana Avenue Dept. K Chicago, Illinois