The Egoist , made Published the 1st and 15th of each month. The egoist AN INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW. Formerly the NEW FREEWOMAN. No. 2. Vol. I. THURSDAY, JANUARY 15th, 1914. Sixpence. Assistant RICHARD ALDINGTON. Editors LEONARD A. COMPTON-RICKETT. Editor: DORA MARSDEN. B.A. CONTENTS. Skyscapes and Goodwill. Views and Comments. M. de Regnier's Last Book. By Richard Aldington. A Curious History. By Ezra Pound. Serial Story— The Horses of Diomedes. By Remy de Gourmont. (Ch. 19. ) Leaves. The Drama of Ideas since Ibsen. By Storm Jameson. The Housekeeper. Poem. By Robert Frost. The Public Ownership of the Artist. By Huntly Carter. On Interference with the Environment. By Steven T. Byington. Anti-Hellenism. By Richard 35 Aldington. Penultimate Poetry. By 36 Richard Aldington. Two French Books. By 36 Madame Ciolkowska. Correspondence. 38 SKYSCAPES AND GOODWILL. IF the skill of a doctor were bespoken to effect the cure of a madman, and he proceeded to attempt the systematising of the insane ravings while giving no heed to the existence of the madness one would say there was little to choose from in soundness of mind between doctor and patient. Yet no one marvels when from all those who have a nostrum to offer as a cure for the disease of civilisation and its complications no voice is heard drawing attention to the species of sickness which is its antecedent cause. It remains nameless and unsuspected, to be indicated only by a description of its symptoms. It begins with the failure of the self-assertive principle of the vital power : a failure of courage. Tolerated, it acts on the power of the heart and thins it out to a degree at which it is too light to retain its seat there, and forthwith mounts to the head where transmutation begins. The power of the heart, already grown virtueless and thin, distills poisonous clammy vapours which emerge from the head. As they grow denser they settle, a heavy cloud of mist about the herd. Descending, they breathe a film upon the eyes and dim the senses. Within, the heart left tenantless of power is contracted by ghostly hands—the hands of fear. The face becomes pallid under the Thought-wreaths with the chiliness of fear. The vapours become the breath of his nostrils and are breathed in as Duty and Circumspection. They penetrate each limb and fibre, inoculate with obedience and virtue. The hands fold meekly: the man walks with circumspection. He is already civilised : he awaits merely the idiosyncracy of the particular civilisation. A civilisation is the attempted working out of a Scheme of Salvation : a plan of escape. It is the imperfect form built up from the perfected plan which the religious philosophies of the "great" "constructive" "thinkers " of its age have projected. For it is not merely that a race of men bleached white with the failure of courage would do well with a prelaid scheme of action : they refuse to move on without one. They bleat for a Deliverer—a great constructive thinker—as sheep for a shepherd. Being without prescience, without inner compelling desire, they wait to be told. The great world of audiences puts out its distracted agitated tentacles, swaying about aimlessly, dumb appeals to be told how to expend themselves, and where. Culture, training in the art of spending oneself, is the imperious necessity of the bleached race, whether lettered or simple. Life without the courage for it, is so bad a business that they must needs approach it with caution. Earth is so little to their taste that they demand the construction of a heaven. To construct the "New Jerusalem," work to the plan of the Deliverer, and make a heaven on earth is a task they can put their hands to. But to live for themselves—to lose "faith"? They would as soon not live at all. So the heads steam with fresh purpose, and the thought-wreaths mount apace : until there is enough and to spare to build Heavens without end, Hells to match and Attacking and Delivering Hosts of Thoughts to storm and defend. What the battalions shall be named and how they shall be drawn up is nobody's concern save that of the "constructive" thinker who outlines the vaporous sketch. He maps out a bold 22 THE EGOIST January 15th, 1914. skyscape in smoke, and the civilised group themselves under whatever concept taste or convenience dictates. They follow out the scheme as a whole as they would the colour-scheme and revelries on the floor of some great hall in imitation of its painted ceiling. So are they safe : linked up with heaven. If their earthly concerns get neglected and somewhat mixed on account of conducting their affairs on a pattern pertaining strictly to a heaven of thought who is to say they would not have been more hopelessly confused had their turned their feeble temper upon them : and whatever befalls, have they not Faith—in Heaven? And does not their bemusedness give the earthly sort their chance to use them, for what they are worth? It is the flexibility with apparently unlimited power to make adjustments according to order in human nature which the Thought-weavers work upon when rigging out their canvases. Human nature can be accorded a summary treatment quite other from that which is given to inert matter. If the Thames flows east and the Severn west "thinkers" will acknowledge and respect the stubborn tendency ; but human nature must set itself to all the points of the compass if the Plan of Salvation demands it. As it can if it works to it with Goodwill. The Goodwill can in fact accomplish all things. It is therefore the base of every "constructive" scheme of thought. It is the one factor indeed which makes them thinkable. That is why it is so extolled. What system is there which does not give the palm to the Goodwill : the set intention to work to pattern. If the weavers of shadows can count on this set intention, it is enough. The result they can safely leave to the slow wearing down of habit and constant repetition. In time, with Goodwill, the " plan " will be plotted out in conduct as quantities are on squared paper to give a curve. This "plan" plotted out by Goodwill into conduct will similarly "reveal itself in our lives." The plans differ, and the " curves " of civilisations differ in consequence, but Goodwill is the same in them all. It is the amenable teachable will : the fluttering tentacle, beating about uncertainly, charged with energy but without direction. It stands for the intention to follow if only directions are given to it— if the canvas is stretched across its sky. The humanitarian skyscape under which we walk nowadays and which we are all expected to be " revealing in our lives " is the residue of rubbish left over after the Revolution had enabled what there was in it of egoistic temper to obtain the desired spoil under exceptionally favourable circumstances. This vapourous design is the maleficent legacy which has been bequeathed to succeeding centuries after the French bourgeoisie had acquired the sole benefits of the insurrection. The legatees have done handsomely by it, spreading it out and patching it up like old property, until now it is both neat and compact. It could be sketched out on half a sheet of notepaper and leave plenty of available space. It demands first of course the Goodwill which is taken for granted but encouraged in well-doing by an apothesis of a sort. Goodwill is so essential that the fluttering little tentacle is elevated to the rank of the sacred, and as fraternity takes its place in the humanitarian Olympus. In the deification ceremony Godwill unequivocally asserts its intentions, and proves itself so completely at the service of the Scheme of Things and above the level of suspicion, by divorcing itself completely from its own selfish interests, cutting itself off at the very outset from the Plan's only serious rival, the natural bent of the Self. As the hymn puts it, it plumps for " None of Self and all of—the Plan." (There is no form of literature so profoundly informing as a hymn-book.) The ceremony is the formal abandonment of the Self-will by which Goodwill becomes Goodwill in earnest as Fraternity, in which rôle it will reappear later in the sketch as the divine parent of Humanity. From this point all is plain sailing. To love one's neighbour as oneself: to love the Public Good, i.e., all one's neighbours put together, better than ourselves : that is the fruitful spirit in which lis begotten the " more than Brotherhood," the Oneness of Humanity and the Race, when we shall "all one body be." Then shall each little one be as a limb to the great body, each well-pleased that he pleases not himself but serves the Whole. The design grows. Dimension has entered into it, and with it a greater and a less : a standard of measurement therefore and a seat of authority : a scale of values which indicates automatically when a "member" offends. If the smaller frets the greater: perish the smaller or let it amend its ways. What is the greater? What can it be but Humanity, the Type, the generalisation, the thing with capitals, high conception and lofty thought. How the heads steam, and thoughts mount—rise to the "All," the " each and every " pounded out of recognition into sameness, bound together by the fraternal cement into—Man : the master-achievement to accomplish which we sink our mean differences and forget our inequalities. Has not each become equal in willingness to serve—Man. Equal then, we are : with equal " rights " to protection of our " freedom " to perform our "duties" towards—Man; receiving equal dues from a blindfolded " Justice " with even scales. The tableau grows complete : Goodwill : Fraternity : Humanity : Peace : Order : Law : Rights: Justice: Liberty: Man—the Humanitarian Heaven, so balanced and symmetrical that it requires an unregarding egoism to break into it. Unfortunately for the picture's stability, the power of Goodwill is not equal to its intentions. It is like the God of Arnold's Empedocles who " would do all things well, but some times fails in strength." When it abandons self-will to enter the empyrean of the gods, it docs not annihilate it, and the " obtuse unreason of the she-intelligence " which is the temper of men whose intelligence has had strength to resist the torturings of intellectual feebleness, breaks regardless into the pretty thought tight systems, only to leave them lying in the path of history broken and awry like shattered mechanical toys. The spikes and burrs on the garment of the selfish man rip into the gossamer thought meshes which stretch like cobwebs across January 15th, 1914. THE EGOIST the field of action. It is the selfish man who reduces all the systems to inoperation : who is the despair of the "constructive" thinkers. The power to annul any and every thought-system is founded in the absence of Goodwill. The streak of self-determination cuts the selfish man off from the well-intentioned from the outset. Unless the docile temper is available to work it on to the warp of reality, the "Plan" is futile. Its beginning and end rest on the Goodwill, which will plod along like an industrious mole to " realise " the " philosophic " scheme fashionable to its day and generation. Temper, which is energy self-conscious of its direction, has plans and insight of its own : it is not amenable to direction, or to moral suasion. Instead of an intention to serve Man, its intention is to serve itself and its own soul as suits itself : it has no " standard " save its own satisfaction. It saves its soul alive by respecting it ; by preventing it from being merged with blunted characteristics into anything else—the whole or anything other. It holds by the instinct that emergence from the herd is the proof positive that it is not of the herd ; that to be conscious of its emergence is its distinction and master achievement, and to maintain and accentuate it is its supreme business ; to make it more and more of its " own " kind, unique; to weed out that which is alien to itself; to be " sincere" through and through ; to free itself from all elements non-selfish : this is the work to which it finds it has a natural bent, and by it, it makes itself impregnable ; incapable of being broken into or broken down. It is the instinct for its own permanence, its immortality may be, which, without regard, eats up or casts out every particle of Goodwill. Hence the futility for all save the herd, of all schemes of salvation based on Goodwill, and the value which temper sets upon its antagonisms equally with its attractions. The one is as essential as the other for that light and shade in which individual differentiation finds itself clear. To be incapable of being repelled by any of the brethren is at least as much death in life as to be incapable of being attracted. Antagonism, not for what is bad for the fancy picture—the community and the race— but for that which repels the something within oneself, independent of its relation to the scheme of values, is as valuable—more exciting if not as comfortable—as attraction. Oh universal brotherhood, universal love, sameness, monotony, extinction ! Mankind pressing onward to Unity, swept forward as by one impulse to the bosom of the Type ! Like those swine which it says somewhere, were swept into the Gadarene Sea ! Happily the nightmare lives mainly only in the picture : in reality, individuals pair off in two and threes or scrap among themselves. Liniversal brotherhood is mainly subscribed to by people very capable of giving the salutary cut to the simple brother foolish enough to assume that they mean it. The fact which misleads, and encourages the notion that Goodwill is more than a thought-mist for any not of the herd is the extension of the imaginative area by the wide sweep of the senses, whereby things which one sees, hears or hears of, become part of the mental landscape; and as such are subjected to efforts which would change them to our liking. One makes effort to remove unsightly features which disaffect us in those about us from a motive like that which would impel us to remove an unsightly structure which faced one's window. Not for the sake of the structure, but for the sake of our personal comfort. But with more than that no one has truck with. Any thing beyond that must be left to be indicated on the " Plan " : as n is left to indicate the power of a number increased to infinity. With the breaking of the thread of Goodwill, the humanitarian philosophy would unravel at a single pull, like a chain-stitched seam would if the right thread were seized. Humanity is robbed of its "principle" and dissolves soulless when egoists break in upon fraternity. It falls apart into its component individuals like the sand from mortar, if the cohering lime were removed. Its "progress," become the progress of a non-entity, vanishes and with it the source of authority which in its name advised and admonished individuals. What " progress " there may be, becomes a progression in the individuals themselves, which follows individual laws, each being a law to himself. Authority gone, " protection " goes, and " rights " go with it. There are no rights without protection. Anything of " rights " which is not might is " bestowed," " permitted," and only with the protection of Authority can there be adequate bestowal and permission. Authority shattered, the only right is might—right to what one can get, that is : one's just dues. The easy assumption that one has a right to anything, livelihood, " equitable returns," comfort, liberty, or life itself shrink like phantoms in daylight. When Goodwill is gone rights can be had for the commanding—for the power to enforce them—and no cheaper. Liberty too is impossible without protection. Liberty is nine parts coercion, and the coercion of the weak,— the only ones who make appeal for liberty—is exercised through authority. Liberty, the plaint of the feeble, is the "assumption" that the strong must stay the strength of their arm : if they refuse, authority must compel them. Of course authority and the powerful run together, as like to like; but that does not enlighten the libertarians. They still appeal that the right hand shall shackle the left : it is their trustfulness. The tenth part of liberty is the claim to be "free." All claims are easy, but the claim to be tree is easy of enforcement : which not all claims are. By the simple process of abandonment, one can be free of most things. Relatively very few persons are held captive in prisons or beleagured cities. Most can have as much freedom as they want : the truth is that they do not want it. Freedom even as a concept is negative, and the things one truly wants are positive. People are not greatly agitated by that which they desire to be rid of ; it is the desire to have possession which makes their problem, and those who call out for freedom desire, not freedom, but property, and property is won and held only in virtue of the possession of power. The plaintive appeals of those who say they want liberty but who mean that they want to be presented with property and to be supported in its possession can De met only 24 THE EGOIST January 15th, 1914. when the pathetic pleaders decide to increase their power to get and hold ; or to support in power a strong authority to which they can make appeal for appropriation and protection ; or to persuade the powerful already in possession to a voluntary act of grace towards the weak and non-possessing. The second method has been tried, is being and is likely to be for some time to come ; the third is the method which by common consent of all orators and clergy sounds the best : on all occasions sacred or profane : it is the method firmly believed in by all the feeble and none of the strong. It is the millenium arrived at by way of Liberty, Love and Humanity. The first is the one the poor in spirit and pocket have no heart for ; it has no friends ; it dismays the rich as much as it sickens the poor, and in the long interval which is likely to elapse before it is put on its trial, the ravelling thread of the humanitarian canvas will be caught up and the array of vaporous combatants in the army of Humanity, the entire assemblage of the Delivering Hosts of Thought will wreathe themselves out like a painted battle until the real flesh and blood combat is ready to begin. The poor will continue to lay claim to rights—to look for the advent of a liberty they can never see; they will " claim " an equality with those with whom they are not equal ; claim the " justice " which assumes a non-existing equality : a justice which is not just. And as they assume their possession of "rights" in these claims, they will-being in truth a humble and indoctrinated people—assume the duties to correspond, and perform the services. Their services will be accepted : the claims rejected. The quid pro quo they will obtain will be a clear title to the virtues, the reward for which is laid up in Heaven, high and away behind the Sky-scape and the stout form of Humanity. Of the property which they want when they ask for liberty—not one jot. To get that they would require to seize and thieve, and thieving is not prescribed on the Sky-scape. Nor is it compatible with virtue when exercised on a humble scale, and who can hope they will ever rob on the noble one, generously and like gentlemen? If one of them were caught red-handed, he would be found to be smuggling away a can of milk : which is hopeless as thieving. Scarcely in our time will they need to take in and pack away the humanitarian canvas—unless indeed there is force and a sting in irony. VIEWS AND COMMENTS. THIS time it is hedonism. It was nominalism, and has been realism, intuitionism, individualism, Socialism. Given time, and the catholicity of these pages, we shall in the opinion of one or other off our readers rehearse the entire procession of isms and schisms, whether ancient, mediaeval or modern. The compliment paid to the wealth of our erudition would no doubt be pleasant—and wholly undeserved —did it not clash with our egoistic temper, which compels us to protest as to our status. Our modesty notwithstanding, we protest that we brew our own malt : we are not bottlers and retailers : we are in the wholesale and producing line of business. If our beer bears a resemblance in flavour to other brands, it is due to the similarity of taste in the makers. " Stirnerian " therefore is not the adejective fittingly to be applied to the egoism of The Egoist. What the appropriate term would be we can omit to state. Having said this, we do not seek to minimise the amount of Stirner which may be traced herein. The contrary rather, since having no fear that creative genius folded its wings when Stirner laid down his pen, we would gladly credit to him—unlike so many of the individualists who have enriched themselves somewhat at his hands—the full measure of his astounding creativeness. For it is not the smallness in measure of what one takes away from genius one admires which is creditable. It is a very old story— the comedy of discipleship—that though the banquet of wisdow is spread and open to all-comers the number of the foolish abroad does not materially diminish. We may take from where we please, but " how much " depends on how much we can. The wealth of the feast is the affair of the hosts : capacity to take from it concerns only the guest. Since then we recognise his value, why protest that we have drawn at the stream of his creation into thimbles? We take what we can, and our capacity is not measured by thimblefuls. And because it is not, " Stirnerian egoism " has not as Mr. Meulen suggests in the correspondence columns "taken such a firm hold " of us. If that appears a paradox to our correspondent we ask him to work it out. It is really very simple and straightforward if he will bear in mind that we are very great pots and can therefore afford to be honest. So few people can. We can now consider Mr. Meulen's dictum that "egoism is the doctrine that the motive of every human action is the pleasure of the performer." The Egoist is an odd quarter wherein to present a word like " Pleasure " as the main term in a definition. What is "Pleasure?" The text-books even will point out that there is a confusion : that there are concrete activities which may be called "pleasures," which however vary with person, mood and circumstances, and if insisted upon are likely to be classed as nuisances and a bore. But " Pleasure " the vague generalisation it is impossible to define. It is of the order of the static concept which have the function of tombstones among words. Tombstones, as Mr. Allan Upward points out in his illuminating "Divine Mystery," are intended to keep the spirit down : imprisoned underneath in the vault, and that is what words like "Pleasure" manage to do. They blur over with an abstract generality the positive active element in that which they pretend to name. Their only use is to create seemingly irreconcilable opposites, playing with which manages to keep the professors and scholars from swelling the ranks of the unemployed. They go in pairs : and " self-sacrifice" is the verbal opposite which nicely balances " Pleasure." Both represent mental confusion, and we suggest to Mr. Meulen the advisability of abandoning both to the exclusive use of scholars and clergymen : putting in their place the active verbal form which comes nearest to expressing what they suggest rather than what they possess of meaning. To " please " oneself is to set one's energies moving in a channel in which they run readily and with comfort : that is a definition which for the moment will do for " Pleasure " ; to sacrifice oneself is to set them on enterprises where they move reluctantly and with hardship. The motor-power in both cases comes from the self : the motive is self-satisfaction and fulfilment. Whether the issue is satisfactory or not is more or less accidental : with judgment it tends to become less rather than more. To " please oneself " and to " sacrifice oneself " are in the main, activities by the way, like the passing through roads of varying quality in the course of a long journey. A sturdy traveller will take them as January 15th, 1914. THE EGOIST 25 over a favourable tract will be undertaken and repeated solely to enjoy the ease and facility with which it can be covered : as in advance the dancers will move continuously round the floor. And on the other hand, a difficult stretch will be undertaken and repeated in order to enjoy the ultimate satisfaction at not having been defeated by its rigours : as in the more difficult feats of mountain-climbing or in any of the " tasks " of " self-sacrifice " which men will set themselves to prove they can go through with them. It is a healthy method of hardening and weathering, and great fun as long as no one is mistaken by it. Whether men are "pleasing" themselves or " sacrificing " themselves they are enjoying themselves very well indeed, particularly in the latter if they have an audience. Probably because in the long history of experience the " hardening " process makes men more fit and inclined to venture into new fields than does the lingering over the facile and comfortable, the " hardening " always wins the applause of general common-sense, and it is because of this that instead of calling itself doggedness or sport, the " hardeners " have become accustomed to get their solatium in a left-handed way by calling their form of amusement "self-sacrifice." If anyone speaks of "self-sacrifice" it is a certainty they are speaking to an audience, real or imaginary. They are getting at someone. They would call it a good old sport if they felt they were quite, quite alone. We have of course been speaking of " pleasures " definitely entered upon as diversions and " self-sacrifice " adopted as a tonic with a strong probability of amusement in the form of applause rounding it off at the finish. Both are hobbies, off the track of life's main courses. The "self-sacrifice" which has sprung up by instinct and veined itself into the mesh of life without any thought of pleasure or an audience is not so easy to explain. Perhaps the feature which best helps to explain it is the fact that it never regards itself as " self-sacrifice." The term is applied by onlookers after the event. The " sacrifices " of love in any of its forms in the eyes of the makers of them are desires whose frustration would be resented in a degree which itself explains the sacrifice. Of the desire to alleviate suffering, and the supposed existence of goodwill we have already spoken. In relation to the former it is to be noted that sensitiveness, the form to which vital power runs, and the power to inflict suffering is curbed by the sensitiveness which makes the imagination of the suffering caused proportionately hateful. We mind our manners and our ways for our own sake. As for goodwill, it has no real existence. Sensitiveness, stupidity, and fear explain every form of its seeming appearance. The feeble or unintelligent man is ready to be persuaded into a belief that it exists because the schemes which are erected on it as a basis seem to meet his difficulties. But he is thinking of goodwill as existent not so much in himself as in the powerful : he expects them to adopt its precepts : whereas they, on the contrary, merely see in it, a happy psychology for "government by consent." The poor expect " goodwill " to give them " liberty " ; the rich look to it to secure a docile serving community. In a few thousand years, after experimenting with every "constructive" scheme of government, "divine" and human, men will begin to understand that the only will existent is Self-will. There remains the concept of chivalry : the strongest evidence to be offered in support of " self-sacrifice." If we allow the activity suggested by chivalry to emerge from under the weighty slab of the concept, it stands as the fairly habitual practice among men and women of voluntarily stepping into a position of danger in order to allow some other weaker than themselves to take up the more advantageous position. The difficulty about chivalry is that the chivalrous are at once so noble and modest that they really cannot be run through a cross-examination. One is thrown back upon one's own feebly chivalrous tendencies about which to be brutally honest. First,—perhaps foremost—on spectacular occasions at any rate, one is chivalrous because it is the tradition : one is courageous for lack of the pluck to be a coward. And then its action is not reliable : it is jumpy and at the mercy of nerves : it is not likely that there are many " heroes " who cannot conceive the possibility of making one in a stampede. Nerves," in fact, appear to be an integral concern (" nerves " in the popular sense, that is) in chivalrous conduct. Unless caught in one's feebler moments, there is something steadying in the spectacle of distraught nerves in another person : even when they are occasioned by a danger in which both share. Terror has the appearance of being out of all proportion to the occasion, no matter how serious : and the feeling puts the situation in a new perspective. Whatever the danger is, so great a fear appears excessive. It is strange how commonplace a matter death may look upon occasion, and it is on an occasion when the terror of others has made it assume such diminished significance that the genuinely chivalrous action is performed. It is prompted by pity and a sense of superior tranquility; and the act of " sacrifice " becomes easier than the imagination of another's excessive distress. " Chivalry " becomes a question of sensitiveness therefore, which accepts the lesser of two evils. If that is not the frame of mind of " chivalry " one would like an account of it from one who is chivalrous. The " ways of men " are complex and various, but they are not past finding out. Speaking humbly as in the presence of " constructive " thinkers, one would suggest that, observed as an artist observes and not as a moralist, they would be as explicit as the " ways of things," that it is only the overlaying by the " constructive " plan that confuses the simple self-assertive principle. Remove the plan, with its unreal labels of sins and virtues, its duties, its " oughts " and " shoulds," and the human riddle will have its chance to declare itself. Mr. Tucker has informed us that the argument cannot proceed until we have explained something, and on looking through the issues of October 1st, November 15th and later, to find the something, we gather that Mr. Tucker "thinks that we think" it is a sign of insanity for people to " associate for mutual protection on a basis of a contract defining the protective sphere," because we said Proudhon's outline of the Social Contract with the pains and penalties attaching thereto seemed as valuable as a scheme for " building a block of flats as high as St. Paul's with lily-stalks for materials, with a prospectus describing the joys of living therein and the penalties for occupants who damaged the joinery." Weil our comment implies nothing of the kind. It is as natural to make contracts—which are nothing more than mutual promises writ impressive with penalties attached—as it is for men to laugh, talk and sigh or dogs to bark. That men make promises anew in face of a world of broken promises shows how ineradicable the instinct is. But as a matter of fact we had not arrived at the point of considering whether contracts were good or bad. The theatricality of Proudhon's style with its faked matter and pompous manner rendered it impossible. One would have had to imagine oneself Cromwell refusing the crown, or Mr. Beerbohm Tree, or a poached egg, before entering into its spirit. As for the lily-stalks (it is as horrible as a dental operation to have to apply a two-month-old joke) they were intended to refer to M. Proudhon's assumptions regarding human nature. We meant that the kind of people he describes never walked on earth : that they were unreal : figures with no genuine insides, stuffed out with tracts from the Church of Humanity and the Ethical Society. 26 THE EGOIST January 15th, 1914. M. de Régnier's Last Book. WITH the modesty natural to a man with a European reputation and with the same languid grace he used in offering us his "Corbeilles des Heures," M. de Régnier* now beckons a slave to lay before us a lacquered tray. Le Plateau de Laque is not the most significant of the works for which he has found an aesthetic title, but it contains many curious trifles and not a few beautiful little pieces. Someone once spoke of the Greek Anthology as the "carven cherry-stones" of Greek poetry; the Plateau de Laque contains the carven cherry-stones of M. de Régnier's prose. Even a foreigner could never fail to preceive and delight in the workmanship of these sketches ; however slight they are, however incredible or bizarre, you have always in reading them the pleasure of their incomparable style. If you would know how to make a little story out of two old ladies playing bezique, out of an old bachelor in love with an acacia tree, out of the most artificial of Venetian incidents, you must examine the bric-a-brac extended on this lacquered tray and note carefully the method and expression of the artist. It would have been very easy to make them banal; it was difficult to make them effective; but in spite of the "de l'Académie Française" after his name, in spite of the clamours of les jeunes, an impartial reader—or one prejudiced in his favour—will allow at once that M. de Régnier has lost neither his imagination nor his technique. If we do not recommend him for the Nobel prize it is because we feel he may be more fittingly honoured in the lofty seclusion of those old Italian gardens assigned to him by one of his contemporaries. M. de Régnier is very imaginative ; he loves the past with an epicurean relish, and tolerates the present with a kind of polished contempt. It amuses him to supply the deficiencies which belong to every present time by means of this lively faculty ; he finds, I should imagine, little pleasure in cataloguing the types of the banlieu or the appearance of the houses in the Boulevard Raspail. It is for this reason that he prefers Venice to every other city in the world and invents a mythical China and a fabulous Orient as a stage for his imaginary characters. His love of Venice is quite touching ; he seems to know every rio and calle, is as much at home in the Zattere as in the Piazza of Saint Mark. He seems never so happy as when setting out in his gondola to some imaginary garden on the Giudecca, or perhaps to the real one there which he conceals under another name. The Venetian stories in Le Plateau de Laque are some of the best in the book. The Testament of Count Arminati is quite the sort of grisly story one would expect to hear of the crumbling palaces of Venice, and the idea of hiding the skeleton under the clothes of the masked mannekin was admirable, especially to anyone who knows the wax figures at the Museo Civico, which M. de Régnier assures us were the companions of this other horrible one. And the curious tale of the maniac, and the other half cynical one of the " Collier de Verre " are admirably Venetian. There is a great deal of Venice in this short description :— " Elle (the view) offrait toujours à mes yeux le canal de la Giudecca avec ses gros bateaux amarrés le long du quai, et, au delà du canal, dominant les façades bariolées de l'autre rive, les nobles archi- *Le Plateau de Laque, par Henri de Régnier, de l'Académie Française. Paris Mercure de France. tecures palladiennes de l'église du Redentore, dont les cloches mêlent si bien leurs harmonies aériennes aux sifflets des vaporetti et au gémissement des sirènes marines." I do not think M. de Régnier would offer this book as the flower of his genius ; it contains his " epidciktika" that is, pieces written to display a delicate talent of description. The story called " Ex-Voto " is far too slender to be anything more than a brilliant technical accomplishment, and I feel almost certain that Le Sabre was written solely for the purpose of permitting M. de Régnier the pleasure of describing a bazaar at Damascus which he had never seen. On the other hand, it might be asserted that the " Revolt of Taï-Pou " is almost diadactic, if it had not such a perfectly acceptable moral. The reflections and acts of Taï-Pou are admirable in the extreme. To power, he says, it is permitted us to sacrifice virtue and love and oneself, but beauty should be preferred to everything. May we suspect that this also is M. de Régnier's belief? I should be happy to think so, for beauty has now become a very deserted queen indeed. Richard Aldington. A Curious History. THE following statement having been received by me from an author of known and notable talents, and the state of the case being now, so far as I know, precisely what it was at the date of his last letter (November 30th), I have thought it more appropriate to print his communication entire than to indulge in my usual biweekly comment upon books published during the fortnight. Mr. Joyce's statement is as follows :— The following letter, which gives the history of a book of stories, was sent by me to the Press of the United Kingdom two years ago. It was published by two newspapers so far as I know : " Sinn Fein " (Dublin) and the " Northern Whig " (Belfast). Via della Barriera Vecchia 32 III., Trieste, Austria. Sir, May I ask you to publish this letter, which throws some light on the present conditions of authorship in England and Ireland? Nearly six years ago Mr. Grant Richards, publisher, of London, signed a contract with me for the publication of a book of stories written by me, entitled "Dubliners." Some ten months later he wrote asking me to omit one of the stories and passages in others which, as he said, his printer refused to set up. I declined to do either, and a correspondence began between Mr. Grant Richards and myself which lasted more than three months. I went to an international jurist in Rome (where I lived then) and was advised to omit. I declined to do so, and the MS. was returned to me, the publisher refusing to publish, notwithstanding his pledged printed word, the contract remaining in my possession. Six months afterwards a Mr. Hone wrote to me from Marseilles to ask me to submit the MS. to Messrs. Maunsel, publishers, of Dublin. I did so; and after about a year, in July, 1909, Messrs. Maunsel signed a contract with me for the publication of the book on or before 1st September, 1910. In December, 1909, Messrs. Maunsel's manager begged me to alter a passage in one of the stories, " Ivy Day in the Committee Room," wherein some reference was made to Edward VII. I agreed to do so, much January 15th, 1914. THE EGOIST 27 against my will, and altered one or two phrases. Messrs. Maunsel continually postponed the date of publication and in the end wrote, asking me to omit the passage or to change it radically. I declined to do either, pointing out that Mr. Grant Richards, of London, had raised no objection to the passage when Edward VII. was alive, and that I could not see why an Irish publisher should raise an objection to it when Edward VII. had passed into history. I suggested arbitration or a deletion of the passage with a prefatory note of explanation by me, but Messrs. Maunsel would agree to neither. As Mr. Hone (who had written to me in the first instance) disclaimed all responsibility in the matter and any connection with the firm I took the opinion of a solicitor in Dublin, who advised me to omit the passage, informing me that as I had no domicile in the United Kingdom I could not sue Messrs. Maunsel for breach of contract unless I paid £100 into court, and that even if I paid £100 into court and sued them, I should have no chance of getting a verdict in my favour from a Dublin jury if the passage in dispute could be taken as offensive in any way to the late King. I wrote then to the present King, George V., enclosing a printed proof of the story, with the passage therein marked, and begging him to inform me whether in his view the passage (certain allusions made by a person of the story in the idiom of his social class) should be withheld from publication as offensive to the memory of his father. His Majesty's private secretary sent me this reply :— Buckingham Palace. The private secretary is commanded to acknowledge the receipt of Mr. James Joyce's letter of the 1st instant, and to inform him that it is inconsistent with rule for his Majesty to express his opinion in such cases. The enclosures are returned herewith. 11th August, 1911. (The passage in dispute is on pp. 193 and 194 of this edition from the words But look to the words play fair.) I wrote this book seven years ago and hold two contracts for its publication. I am not even allowed to explain my case in a prefatory note : wherefore, as I cannot see in any quarter a chance that my rights will be protected, I hereby give Messrs. Maunsel publicly permission to publish this story with what changes or deletions they may please to make, and shall hope that what they may publish may resemble that to the writing of which I gave thought and time. Their attitude as an Irish publishing firm may be judged by Irish public opinion. I, as a writer, protest against the systems (legal, social, and ceremonious) which have brought me to this pass. Thanking you for your courtesy, I am, Sir, Your obedient servant, James Joyce. 18th August, 1911. I waited nine months after the publication of this letter. Then I went to Ireland and entered into negotiations with Messrs. Maunsel. They asked me to omit from the collection the story, " An Encounter," passages in " Two Gallants," the "Boarding House," "A Painful Case," and to change everywhere through the book the names of restaurants, cake-shops, railway stations, public-houses, laundries, bars, and other places of business. After having argued against their point of view day after day for six weeks and after having laid the matter before two solicitors (who, while they informed me that the publishing firm had made a breach of contract, refused to take up my case or to allow their names to be associated with it in any way), I consented in despair to all these changes on condition that the book were brought out without delay and the original text were restored in future editions, if such were called for. Then Messrs. Maunsel asked me to pay into their bank as security £1,000 or to find two sureties of £500 each. I declined to do either ; and they then wrote to me, informing me that they would not publish the book, altered or unaltered, and that if I did not make them an offer to cover their losses on printing it they would sue me to recover same. I offered to pay sixty per cent, of the cost of printing the first edition of one thousand copies if the edition were made over to my order. This offer was accepted, and I arranged with my brother in Dublin to publish and sell the. book for me. On the morning when the draft and agreement were to be signed the publishers informed me that the matter was at an end because the printer refused to hand over the copies. I took legal advice upon this, and was informed that the printer could not claim the money due to him by the publisher until he had handed over the copies. I then went to the printer. His foreman told me that the printer had decided to forego all claim to the money due to him. I asked whether the printer would hand over the complete edition to a London or Continental firm or to my brother or to me if he were fully indemnified. He said that the copies would never leave his printing-house, and added that the type had been broken up, and that the entire edition of one thousand copies would be burnt the next day. I left Ireland the next day, bringing with me a printed copy of the book which I had obtained from the publisher. James Joyce. Via Donato Bramante 4, II, Trieste, 30th November, 1913. The other events in the world of publication have been the appearance of a new volume of poems by Arthur Symons. The publisher neglects to send it to us for review. A similar complaint against him appeared recently in "The Outlook," over a popular novel. " The English Review " for the month contains the outpourings of Messrs. Crowley, Edmund Gosse, and George Moore. Mr. Moore has succeeded in falling below even his usual level of mendacious pusillanimity. Ezra Pound. SONG 0' LOVE. We will go out together, you and I, To look at the flowers ; We will walk over the white rocks, Loving the grass blades, And look together at the creek-ripples Where they sing to the water-cress; And the little blue flower under the rock ledge Will be a friend to us. We will go out together, you and I, Where are new flowers. We will say soft things to the little white one With the five petals, And whisper the mystery To the blue-bells, And the apple of the cactus-plant We will not forget. We will go out together, you and I, Whispering to the flowers. We will say wonderful things To the golden-rod, And tell it all To the mint-flower; And over the little dead thing that the We will say a mass. [weeds choked One day, we will go out together, you and I, To look at the flowers. Jack McClure. 28 THE EGOIST January 15th, 1914. "The Horses of Diomedes." By Remy de Gourmont. (Translated by C. Sartoris,) XIX.—LEAVES. " Oh ! how my life is shedding its leaves." ON coming out of the cemetery, Pellegrin joined their hands. Alone of men, Diomedes, the vagabond poet, and the chance priest had followed the little pauper's hearse in the shape of a coffer that candid flowers made falsely virginal ; all three went under the bower of green leaves whence the sight of recumbent slabs vouched for the certain and dignified end of all activity and of all love. Pellegrin, remembering a previous meeting, introduced l'abbé Quentin as being an unparalleled priest, far superior to the clerical herd ; but the priest protested, affirming himself the most modest of apostles albeit tormented by the singular ideas of art, of liberty and of beauty. Turning towards Diomedes he said : — My attitude in the presence of death may have seemed strange to you, Monsieur, for it is probable that you are neither ignorant of the liturgies nor of their magic formulae? That power however can exercise itself only on intelligences capable of understanding both the recited words and the intentional value of the formula. The simple words " You are saved " can save, but their strength is intellectual, not verbal. The syllables that the mind does not spiritualise are without power, either to condemn, or to absolve. It is not the priest who delivers from sin, it is the sinner who frees himself by the knowledge that his bonds have just been torn asunder ; to that voluntary act the priest brings but the aid of his hands and the encouragement of his presence and of a tone of solemnity. The people, that is to say, all mankind, believes eternally in magic : believes that it is the words that are important ; that there are in the code and in the ritual rubrics of which the recitation seals a marriage ; that one needs a costume for killing and a costume for blessing ; that a piece of stuff flying at the end of a staff is protective ; that silk is to be worshipped when embroidered with the figure of a woman in white (and linen, admirable as a tricolour, is, when of one hue, nothing but a curtain) ; that the communion with the infinite requires bread stamped with the seal of God ; that water combined with salt is purifying, and combined with a cross, exorcising ; that a bridge would collapse if its first stone was not laid with ceremonial gestures. There is a papal magic, a state magic, and a popular magic. All three despise one another without understanding that they are but one and the same chameleon, varied in colours but unique in name : Faith. It is beautiful because it is cordial, human, natural and universal. Happy is he who believes ! The simplicity of his Soul asserts the accomplishment of his Salvation, according to the modus by which he can be saved. But let that one who does not believe, act as if he did believe, so as not to break away from harmony and so as not to die alone on the sand like an acaleph washed up by the sea. He spoke gently, in a slow, precise, and somewhat oratorical voice, without hesitation or pause except when intentional. Pellegrin drank in his words. Diomedes listened attentively, interested also by the wilful chin, the broad mouth, the firm nose and the arched forehead under which the eyes were fitted like precious stones in the tiara of a barbaric king. He continued : One day I terrified a curate, occupied in practices of which we could hardly justify a negro, by saying to him : God is not as stupid as you think him to be. I was wrong. Intelligence and stupidity are, without doubt, forms and not degrees of the mind. The superstition which shocks us, and the act of liberty which moves us, can have equally deep or equally void meanings. . . . What do you think? He had stopped suddenly, looking at Diomedes, who answered : — I think that you have just contradicted yourself and that you are aware of it. — Yes, yes. ... I would wish to blend contradictions, I would wish to unite Faith and Intelligence. —- In disclaiming intelligence ! — No, I have spoken nonsense. . . . And yet? — It is not nonsense, resumed Diomedes; it is one way of looking at things and quite tenable, for intelligence is a ladder and stupidity is a wheel-barrow. . . Pellegrin began to laugh : — My dear Diomedes, if you interweave metaphors in a philosophical discussion, night will fall, a night thronged with dreams. — A night thronged with dreams. . . . That, that is truly the semblance of my life. — And of all lives, resumed l'abbé Quentin. As soon as a brain wishes to think, twilight descends on it. One seeks, amidst the darkness, one's fallen keys. — Yes, said Diomedes, you would wish to open the door of the chamber in which Truth contemplates herself eternally, in several mirrors hung upon the walls. She smiles at herself and trifles with her companions whom she despises, for she is Truth. Have you read Palafox ? You must read Palafox. — You drive me back towards magic, Monsieur, answered the priest who thought he perceived a raillery. But I know what I want. I want to help men to suffer and I will help them to unburden themselves of suffering. That is why I spoke to your dying friend the words that you heard. — But that was magic, that also ; it was a conjuration. — No, it was the encouragement of a soul to a soul. Was I right? — Your little poem was agreeable, Monsieur, answered Diomedes, but less so than the words of the liturgy. And precisely in that, it seemed to me that you exiled yourself from harmony. Think that, of these words, many doubtless are older than all known religions, very old stammerings of the primitive terror ! That which you disdainfully qualify as formulas is really verbal beauty crystallised in the memory of the centuries. There are in the Zend-Avesta, a few sentences that could still console me and bless my life and my bread ; but they are unused and perhaps ineffectual. — Words have their magic, Monsieur, and I very sincerely believe that some verses of Virgilius have produced incantations. The priest seemed to pursue some inward discourse. He uttered with an inspired look : — God and life. . . . Life within God, serious, cordial, rich with love and joys. . . . It is death that made me love life. It is through seeing death that I came to understand how solemn life is and how happy it should be, to justify death. Having known injustice, I believed in the infinite where all is annulled and in the supremacy of God who is infinite pain and the absolute of our sufferings. God suffers from not being able to know himself and we suffer from not being able to know God. Let us love God, and we shall know him ; let us go to his rescue ; beloved of men, he will know himself in the love of men and all life of suffering shall cease and all souls, human souls and the divine soul, shall be beatified in the Infinite. The creation of life is the means of salvation that God in the beginning of centuries January 15th, 1914. THE EGOIST 29 chose for himself ; it is the mirror in which he wished to see himself but the wickedness of mankind obscured the face of the earth. And in face of death, I dream of the uselessness of suffering and of all these anguished lives, eternally sacrificed. I await the reign of Love. And when a soul is severed from the life of flesh, it goes in the peaceful darkness to await the reign of Love. It suffers not, it waits— and not in vain. Diomedes praised such sentiments, finding however this theology somewhat curious. Secretly he judged the ecclesiastic as being rather incoherent, and would have preferred a country curate capable of playing "bowls." Then : " A bad tempered opinion. . . . What a disparaging mind I have!" Then : " Still another day during which I shall have thought very little of myself. ... A letter from Néo awaits me, certainly. Also, I must take away my portrait and those of Fanette before the advent of stupid heirs. . . . The reign of Love. Fanette was that—rather. Poor child !" Abruptly, he deserted Pellegrin and the priest : after a few steps, he repented : — I should have kept Pellegrin. I shall bore myself to tears. He came back ; they had gone. " Oh ! how my life is shedding its leaves !" He did not dare go back to Fanette's apartment, to see once more the forlornness of the bed and that arm-chair in which the Sister of Mercy seemed to have seated herself for all eternity. Where could such vocations be recruited, he mused. What horn, sounding in the night, could sound loud enough to call together a herd of such woeful women ? To give the whole of one's life up to death, to have no other care than the dressing of corpses, the solitary vigil near rigid bodies and cold faces where the shadow of the nostrils marks an immutable hour on the putrefaction of the cheek ! These creatures chose such a painful task probably from several motives. Firstly it was necessary and traditional, inherited from the ancient mortuary corporations whose pious spade had delved so many catacombs. Then Diomedes admitted the imperative need for salvation which inclines beings either towards sacrifice, or towards crime, if, as with the Mussulmen, crime is one of the paths to Paradise. But especially the reason of such a choice, was vocation, the instinctive marching at the call of the horn, the absurd human tendency to obey the Voices. . . . " These Sisters and the men who live similarly on death, are the coleopterous beetles of humanity. Their destiny is insuperable. Their nerves thrill at the perfumes of decay as other nerves thrill at all the perfumes of life, and, as l'abbé Quentin said, it is beautiful because it is cordial and human. . . ." Pondering over males and females living thus together without corporal communion, in colonies of one only sex, Diomedes succeeded at last in understanding : being of different sexes, their derma recoiled, being of the same sex they attracted each other but chastely, as the motive of such an exile was precisely sexual inaptitude. " Chastity is by no means the necessary companion of intelligence, and yet it is perhaps one of intelligence's least equivocal friends. The principal pleasure of that state being the total absence of sentimentalism, a state upon which souls freed from vice, can glorify themselves. Vice is sentimental and, perhaps, that alone makes its ugliness." Then Diomedes judged himself with severity, ashamed of having neglected ideas for sentiments, of having accomplished acts of love in which he had woven that sort of pity that women wish to contemplate on bended knees before the altar of their grace. He resolved, without neglecting any of the social attentions that his attitude towards Néobelle rendered necessary, to treat her only as an intellectual animal without other surrenderings than those of the flesh and of the mind. Yet almost immediately he thought himself stupid : " Thus I should be the dupe of my principles and I would suffer that a concern of what is logical should dictate my conduct? No ! I shall contradict myself if I please. Besides which I must experience every sentiment as well as every sensation. Nothing must surprise me but nothing must be indifferent to me. To set the sail and await the wind's pleasure and if it heads me towards a reef and towards a shipwreck, I shall still be superior to those who have never sailed but on the saddened waters of canals choked with dead leaves. " (To be continued.) The Drama of Ideas since Ibsen. THE dramatists of the North girded up their loins to pillage Ibsen. From the outer ring of the immortals, his spirit, bending to watch them, smiled, serene in the knowledge of their vanity. Exultant or doubtful, they bore away an empty chalice. Some of them were dissatised with its form, and made clumsy efforts to reshape it. All were assured of one thing : that it had held Reality. And into a thousand copies of it they began to pour their measure of dramatic truths. One and all, they were ignorant of its high significance, and drama that wailed or grimaced within their Theatre was a thing without soul or form. For Reality is of the spirit, born of a need to give form and meaning to the disorder confronting the inartistic view of life. The drama of these men was born of intellectual restlessness, or a desire for easy fame, or a belief in the value of their simian skill. At the best, they offered a partial Reality of the intellect, replacing the spiritual coherence of Ibsen's art by the conflict of opinion. At the worst, they copied facts, and imitated gestures and habits of speech. Life, in their plays, sank from a spiritual vision to an idea or an unmeaning collection of small events and small people. Magnanimous, we set aside those early playwrights who attempted psychological study after the Norwegian fashion. Magnanimous in very truth, since still we suffer the dreary procession that stretches from Paula Tanqueray and Agnes Ebbsmith. In these playwrights was little understanding and no vitality. But there were others who seized the heritage of Ibsen's genius with firmer hands and clearer brains. Of these, some were conscious alike of their deficiency and the need for concealing it. They had neither the power of personality nor the supreme dramatic vision to master the life they took. They relinquished the attempt, and concerned themselves with its conditions. Mr. Shaw brought to the task intellectual greatness : life in his drama is torn in rags by the disintegrating forces of his ideas. Yet his plays remain the highest achievement of this theatre of "intellectuals." Further, he and others with him made use of a trick much in favour with writers of the secondary drama. They cried Realism and Social Reform, filling the Theatre with the shouts of the market-place and the political cockpit. Marriage and sexual disease, the housing of the poor and the evils of betting, free love and forced motherhood : anything that might be forced within the limits of a "problem," finely human or stupidly banal, they took to make their petty conflict of the 30 THE EGOIST January 15th, 1914. debating-room and the Fabian Kindergarten. Outside the portals of their Little Theatres, tragedy and comedy, grave-browed, gave their Ave atque Vale to the high gods and the greatness of man. For within is neither divine nor human significance, only the arrogance of restless minds and the prying stupidity of the district visitor. That is the drama of ideas. Other playwrights there were, honest men, who disdained the doubtful methods of the reformers. They claimed a curious quality of sincerity, intimating that although they had no power to re-create life, they could yet copy faithfully their partial view of it. To their drama, a flickering vision lends what measure of coherence it has. Here, one of them holds for a moment the spirit of the social system, his drama at the same time indictment and warning. There, another, fair poet and incompetent playwright, breaks the restless grace of his art in the hard service of the stage. These have not that supreme need to create new forms which is the dramatist's gift to life. But at least they have known that life is more than the dialectician's idea of it, more than the disorder of its conditions. By virtue of that knowledge, the gifts of their work are a little order in disorder, partial interpretation, and a dim vision of reality. After them, come the many who have no such understanding of dramatic truth. With more or less skill, these harnessed life and the " new " ideas to the business man's demand for an effective play, and the vague needs of the pseudo-intellectual. They exploited life, adding an appearance of social philosophy to the sensation and false emotion of the higher melodrama. In this way they flattered the advanced and delighted the plain man. Character to these clever charlatans is no more than the peg for an emotional appeal, the means to a pre-arranged climax. Their dramatic form is not beauty of line, the restraint of strength, but the mechanical neatness of a commercial playwright. Reality is sacrificed to an appearance of real life, dramatic truth to a bourgeois morality and a bourgeois notion of art. To this exploitation of life in the service of effect, other playwrights added the babblings of a querulous intellect. The impotent opinions of immature people take the place of significant speech. The position of women, the divorce laws, anything that will rattle in a vacant mind, are discussed with as much charity of thought, as much understanding, as may be found in a Fabian pamphlet or a Trades Union Congress. No ordered vision or human significance comes to disturb their sweet futility. Rejecting the false grace of pre-arranged effects, these less competent exploiters have attained a graceless monotony. Peace be with them : their plays do not pay. Lower yet come the dealers in little problems of sex or sentiment, hawkers of uninspired studies in character. The sexual arrangements of commonplace people are treated with a gravity due to high matters. A playwright of established reputation is permitted to vary the problem of marriage and free love by the treatment of adultery. His work is " searching " when it is dull, " powerful " when it is pleasingly exciting. If the characters of these plays have any distinction at all, it is the unenviable distinction of the unbalanced mind. Hysterical women and neurotics of every kind shriek their views and parade their mental impotence in the high name of drama, their nervous instability providing what there is of plot and motive. From within advancing shadows, Hedda Gabber, arch-degenerate, draws aside her skirts from the rabble of her following. Under some form or other, sex, in its narrow physical interpretation, is the content of this worthless problem drama, degraded offspring of the drama of ideas. Passion in the true sense there is not : the passion that inspires to high deeds and noble words, and in itself is more than appetite. Distracted emotion, too feeble to realise itself, the product of jaded minds and excited nerves, takes its place. Physical need, repugnance, degeneracy, complete a weary tale of the exploitation of sex. First, more offending because more pretentious, come those who exploit it in the name of reform or intellectual satisfaction ; and through the door opened by these ignorant worshippers, sexual disease stalks naked in the theatre. No power of vision or beauty of form removes it from the medical treatise and the Lock Hospital. It serves neither art nor life, but only the garrulous intellectual and the old maids of either sex. Together with this pseudo-scientific drama, one more discursive burbles of sexual relations, tearing at the skeleton of a philosophy based on the unphilosophic belief that the marital and pre-marital complications of ordinary folk are of general value and interest. Men and women of third-rate intellect expound an aesthetic disdain born of physical degeneration. Their pitiful gravity would be humorous were the sense of irony a less rare and dubious quality. As it is, they remain damnably dull. As stupid, but less limping, are the debauched sentimentalists of the second class. Ginger is hot i' the mouth, but my lord's dark eyes are troubled. My lady is as ice-cream to her world, but when she falls on her lover's breast her passionate breath is heard in the gallery. He is dishonoured and flies. She follows a scene behind, and they die together, too hoarse to go through a fourth act. Or she comes too late, and must act against a corpse. A suggestion of noble purpose and spiritual torment masks the leer of these sorry Bacchanals : perchance a comfortable domesticity ends the play ; perchance a spiritual crisis rids the woman of her mettlesome admirer. However it be, the senses are glutted, the imagination starved, and the sex-obsessed look up and are fed. In two ways only, might the vast second-rate treat the subject of sexual passion and be safe from melodrama as from discursive inanity. The Love romantick is beyond them ; the power that made drama of incest far above them. Their prayers should be for sanity, and sense to see over the top of sexual love. Further than that, their need is grace to know that the high crags are not for their slight wings. Sex, for them, must needs be subordinate, one motive among others, a trifle or a jest. So only may they handle it and achieve an exquisite art, some fragile distinction. For the orgy is ended ; the chalice shattered ; the wine a memory. In mediocrity and chaos ends the modern drama of realism, reaching its last degradation in those tragedies of maudlin peasants and doss-house criminals that follow wearily the isolated power of Strindberg. Disease, poverty, curses and drink, mingle in an unnatural monotony. Where the little problems merely failed to inspire, these depress, making what is ugly in life uglier. So in inartistic imitation and drab falsity, the theatre of the North endures the hour before the dawn. Solitary and dim, the half-gods wait. In Russia, a measure of spiritual rhythm, in Austria the glory of a distinctive form : these stand at the doors of the future. Storm Jameson. BOOKS on all subjects, Secondhand, at Half-Prices. New, 25 per cent. Discount. Catalogue 761 free. State Wants, Books Bought.—Foyle, 121, Charing Cross Road, London. January 15th, 1914. THE EGOIST The Housekeeper. I let myself in at the kitchen door. " It's you," she said. " I can't get up—forgive me— Not answering your knock. I can no more Let people in than I can keep them out. I'm getting too old for my size, I tell them. My fingers are about all I've the use of So's to take any comfort. I can sew: I help out with this bead-work what I can." " That's a smart pair of pumps you're beading there. Who are they for? " " You mean?—oh, for some miss ! I can't keep track of other people's daughters. Lord, if I were to dream of everyone Whose shoes I primped to dance in ! " " And where's John? " " Haven't you seen him? Strange what set you off To come to his house when he's gone to yours. You can't have passed each other on the road. He must have changed his mind and gone to Garland's. He won't be long in that case : you can wait— Though what help you can be or anyone— It's gone so far. You've heard? Estelle's run off." " Yes, what's it all about? When did she go? " " Two weeks since." " She's in earnest, it appears." " I am sure she won't come back. She's hiding somewhere. I don't know where myself. John thinks I do. He thinks I only have to say the word And she'll come back. But, bless you, I'm her mother— I can't talk to her, and Lord, if I could . . . I know she isn't holding out for terms, Nothing like that. I gave that up this morning." " It will go hard with John. What will he do? He can't find anyone to take her place." " Oh, if you ask me that, what will he do? He gets some sort of bakeshop meals together, With me to sit and tell him everything, What's wanted and how much and where it is. But when I'm gone—of course, I can't stay here : Estelle's to take me when she's settled down : He and I'd only hinder one another. I tell them they can't get me through the door, though : I've been built in here like a big church organ : We've been here fifteen years." " That's a long time To have lived together and then pull apart. How do you see him living when you're gone? Two of you out will leave an empty house." " I just don't see him living many years, Left here with nothing but the furniture. I hate to think of the old place when we're gone, With the brook going by below the yard, And no one here but hens blowing about. If he could sell the place—but then, he can't : No one will ever live on it again— It's too run down—this is the last of it. What I think he will do is let things smash. He'll sort of swear the time away—he's awful ! I never saw a man let family troubles Make so much difference in his man's affairs, He's just dropped everything. He's like a child. I blame his being brought up by his mother. He's got hay down that's been rained on three times. He hoed a little yesterday for me : I thought the growing things would do him good. Something went wrong—I saw him throw the hoe Sky high with both hands. I can see it now— Come here—I'll show you—in that apple tree. That's no way for a man to do at his age. He's fifty-five you know if he's a day." " Aren't you afraid of him? What's that gun for? " " Oh, that's been there for hawks since chicken time. John Hall touch me? Not if he knows his friends. I'll say that for him, John's no threatener, Like some men folk. No one's afraid of him. All is, he's made his mind up not to stand What he has got to stand." " Where is Estelle? Couldn't one talk to her? What does she say? You say you don't know where she is? " " Nor want to. She thinks if it was bad to live with him, It must be right to leave him." " Which is wrong." " Yes, but he should have married her." " I know." " The strain's been too much for her all these years : I can't explain it any other way. It's different with a man, at least with John : He knows he's kinder than the run of men. Better than married ought to be as good As married—that's what he has always said. I know the way he's felt—but all the same . . ." " I wonder why he doesn't marry her And end it." " Too late now : she wouldn't have him. He's given her time to think of something else. There's his mistake. The dear knows my interest Has been to keep the thing from breaking up. This is a good home—I don't ask for better. But when I've said, why shouldn't they be married ? He'd say, why should they?—no more words than that." " And in a way why should they? John's been fair, I take it. What was his was always hers. There was no quarrel about property." " Reason enough ! there was no property. A friend or two as good as own the farm, Such as it is. It isn't worth the mortgage." " I mean Estelle has always held the purse." " The rights of that are harder to get at. I guess Estelle and I have filled the purse. 'Twas we let him have money not he us. John's a bad farmer—I'm not blaming him— Take it year in year out, he doesn't make much. We came here for a home for me you know, Estelle to do the housework for the board Of both of us. But see how it turns out : She seems to have the housework and besides Half of the outdoor work, though as for that He'd say she does it more because she likes it. You see our pretty things are all outdoors. Our hens and cows and pigs are always better Than folks like us have any business with— 32 THE EGOIST January 15th, 1914. Better than what we have to keep them in. Farmers around twice as well off as we Haven't as good. They don't go with the place. That's what you can't help liking about John : He's fond of nice things—too fond, some would claim. But Estelle doesn't mind : she's like him there : She wants the hens to be the best there are. I guess you've seen this room before a show, Full of lank, shivery, half-drowned birds, In separate coops, having their plumage done. The smell of the wet feathers and the heat ! You spoke of John's not being safe to stay with. You don't know what a gentle lot we are— We wouldn't hurt a hen. You ought to see us Moving a flock of hens from place to place. We're not allowed to take them upside down, All we can hold together by the legs. Two at a time's the rule, one on each arm, No matter how far and how many times We have to go. " " You mean that's John's idea? " " And we live up to it, or I don't know What childishness he wouldn't give way to. He manages to keep the upper hand. We fence our flowers in, and the hens range : Nothing's too good for them. We say it pays. John likes to tell the offers he has had. Twenty for this cock, twenty-five for that. He never takes the money. If they're worth That much to someone else, they are to him. Bless you it's mostly outgo. Reach me down The little tin box on the cupboard shelf— The upper shelf—the tin box. That's the one. I'll show you. Here we are." " What's this? " " A bill For fifty dollars for one Langshan cock, Receipted—and the cock is in the yard." " Not in a glass case then? " " He'd need a tall one— He can eat off a barrel from the ground. He's been in a glass case as you may say, The Crystal Palace, London. He's imported. John bought him and we paid the bill with beads— Wampum, I call it. Mind, we don't complain, But you see, don't you, we take care of him." " And like it, too ! It makes it all the worse." " It seems as if. And that's not all. He's helpless In ways that I can hardly tell you of : Sometimes he gets possessed to keep accounts, To see where all the money goes so fast. You know how men will be ridiculous ; But it's just fun the way he gets bedevilled. —If he's untidy now, what will he be ! " " It makes it all the worse. You must be blind." " Estelle's the one that's blind. Don't talk to me." " Can't you and I get to the root of it? What's the real trouble? What will satisfy her? John's a good man to save, it seems to me." " It's as I say. She's turned from him, that's all." " But why when she's well off? Is it the neighbours? Being cut off from friends? " " We have our friends: That isn't it. Folks aren't afraid of us." " She lets it worry her. You stood the strain, And you're her mother." " But I didn't always. I didn't relish it along at first, But I got wonted to it. And besides— John said I was too old to have grand-children. But what's the use of talking when it's done? She won't come back—it's even worse—she can't." " Why do you speak like that? What do you know? What do you mean? She's done harm to herself? " " I mean, she's married—married someone else." " Oho, oho ! " " You don't believe me? " " Yes, I do. Only too well. I knew there must be something ! So that was what was back. She's bad, that's all." " Bad to get married when she had the chance? " " Nonsense! See what she's done. But who, but who— " Who'd marry her straight out of such a mess? Say it right out—no matter for her mother. The man was found—I'd better name no names. John himself won't imagine who he is." " Then it's all up. I think I'll get away. You'll be expecting John. I pity Estelle: I suppose she deserves some pity, too. You ought to have the kitchen to yourself To break it to him. You may have the job." " You needn't think you're going to get away. John's almost here. I've had my eye on someone Coming down Ryan's hill. I thought 'twas John. Here he is now ! This box. Put it away. And this bill." " What's the hurry? He'll unhitch." " No, he won't, either. He'll just drop the reins, And turn Doll out to pasture, rig and all. She won't get far before the wheels hang up On something—there's no harm. See, there he is ! My, but he looks as if he must have heard ! " " How are you, neighbour? Just the man I'm after. Isn't it Hell? " John said. " I want to know? Come out here if you want to hear me talk. I'll talk to you, old woman, afterward. I've got some news that maybe isn't news. What are they trying to do to me, these two? " " Do go along with him and stop his shouting ! " She raised her voice against the closing door : " Who wants to hear your news, you dreadful fool? " Robert Frost. The Public Ownership of the Artist. PERHAPS Art and Soul are one, and Art and Soul are in themselves neither good nor bad. Perhaps Art exalts and transforms natural man, and man has become unnatural (or what we term civilised) because he has not realised in himself the transforming power of Art, but has sold his birth-right to a mass of deputies. And whereas he might have ascended to Heaven by means of Art, he has descended to Hell for lack of it. January 15th, 1914. THE EGOIST 33 Such is my guess as stated in the December 15th issue of this journal. I said it is verifiable by experience, and the whole of my experience strengthens it. I call it my guess though I doubt whether I am entitled to do so. Perhaps its germ-seed was born in me. I remember hearing that my father devoted almost a lifetime to the problem of the reconstruction of the world. He followed the example of original minds and aimed to reconstruct it in his own likeness. As a painter who was also an artist (a very rare combination nowadays) he dreamed of a Utopia that should be as near pure spirit as it is possible for a world of men to be. He had formulated some hypothesis, but I cannot say what it was. It may have been : Art is pure spirit; the artist is a highly sensitised instrument for receiving and transmitting pure spirit. Given a world of artists and the result must be a world approximating to pure spirit. Though I use the word pure let it not be imagined that I think it necessary. To me it is a puzzling word that has been devised to make an absolute distinction where none exists. Let me say instead of Art is pure spirit, Art is the Spirit of Life, that is, that substance which informs matter and immortalises form. Thus Art-forms are Spirit-forms and for the matter of that, Soul-forms. Metaphysic without any definition is fiendish. And here I am in a very Maelstrom of metaphysical terms—Spirit, Substance, Matter, Life, Form,—all demanding definition. I will define them as I proceed. As I said, I do not know whether the foregoing was my father's suggestion. I only know that he regarded everything really, that is, everlastingly, great in the world as of spiritual origin. I need not go into my father's plan. It was not so far as I know deficient in common sense ; not a stiff flattery to hollow-headed underlings, like one or two shallow and unworkable schemes of reconstruction now being ventilated in the sixpenny press. Underlying it was the truth to be found in this syllogism. The desire for material power is immoral; present-day man's desire is for material power ; therefore present-day man is immoral, and will remain so till his desire is altered. Here the suggestion is, I think, that as soon as men cease to call themselves men and begin to call themselves souls, the change is wrought. And nothing but the blindness, cowardliness, and impolicy of " leaders " prevents the change being wrought. But though I am uncertain whether I inherited the said seed-germ, I have no doubt whatever that at a very early period of my history I found myself making guesses. Here is one. Perhaps there was only spirit once. Perhaps matter is devitalised or impure spirit. Perhaps there will be only spirit again. Here Spirit is conceived of as Substance, and Matter as the typocosmy apparent to the senses, and which we call the world. This was my earliest guess and I believe it led to the theorem : Sensation is Spirit; primitive Man is a high order of sensational creature; therefore nearest Spirit. His Ego is capable of infinite extension. Intellectual Man is a low order of sensational creature, therefore remote from Spirit. He is an Ascidian plus reasoning faculty, and capable of no infinite extension seeing that intellectuality is finite. Future man will be a high order of sensational creature, i.e. man set free to his senses again. It will be seen that I held a low opinion of intellectual man. I considered him with his highest form of achievement—discipline of thought—as indeed no better than a poor sort of devil in a strait waistcoat. And I still feel that our descendants will discuss their descent with amazement and disgust. They will repudiate us. This theorem led me in turn to the habit of realising the Artist as the revitalising medium. I conceived the Artist to be primitive Man, that is, a high order of sensational creature through whom the Art or Spirit-current moves harmoniously to its end in Art or Spirit-form. Then there was another way out. I conceived the Artist to be not an imitator but a creator, and therefore nearest the shadowy creative world, that is the world of Spirit, Soul, Art, or whatever we please to term it. It was clear to me that the Artist, as a creator, must have a world of this sort to work in, for he could not possibly work in a concrete material world where everything had already been "created." Thus I came to regard the Artist as a purity, for I knew that as soon as a medium became impure all hope of its transmitting a purity is lost. It seemed to me that the difference between the Artist and non-Artist (the two classes into which men broadly fall) is one of purity and impurity, and it may be stated this way. The Artist is a corporeal personification of vital or spiritual force—a force constantly working through him which flashes a light around the Infinite. The non-Artist is a personification of material force—a force constantly working through him which reminds him of the material world and its affairs. The Artist exists and has his Being in the Infinite. The non-Artist is conscious only of the world of man's five primary needs —Food, Shelter, Clothing, Transport, and Sport— (which I will analyse in a later article). Long ago these needs degenerated into luxuries out of which arose the present world of accumulated survivals and recapitulations of the past in the present, a world governed by Avarice and Sensual Pleasure. Thus the Artist is a spiritual symbol ; and the non-Artist is a material symbol. The latter is in fact an impurity running about with civilisation balanced on the tip of his nose. • • • • . . So from asking the question, If there was nothing but Spirit once, and if Matter is Spirit devitalized, how can we return to Spirit? I came to the conclusion that the only solution appeared to be the revitalising power of the Artist. I know that some excellent person—not without guile—will inquire, " How on earth do you propose to set the Artist doing the good work of revitalisation when he is devitalised by a social system of which he is a part and which has reduced him to slavery? Have you not seen that he is that part of the vast social machine which society has constructed to do the opening of windows on material things for those whose vision has wasted and hands have lost skill and force? Has it not occurred to you that this vast system of machinery was actually so constructed as to compel the Artist to move in a mass, to lose his identity and free-will? Are you not aware that the Artist may not deliberately choose what shall come into his mind, nor say what his subject shall eventually turn into, and that he chooses according to a market which is strictly ruled by the public? Don't you know that civilised society has been taking Art out of the Artist's hands these many centuries, and has moulded him to manufacture the so-called Art-forms of the nation, and to endow it with colour and line to suit the whim of the moment? Has not civilisation closed the field of his own energies to the Artist? Is it not true that it can deal with him as it pleases, has made him its creature, its plastic material to which it can give any shape it likes? In a word has not civilisation deprived the Artist of all individuality? If then the Artist is a part of a 34 THE EGOIST January 15th, 1914. machine constructed to act upon him, how in God's name is he going to act upon the machine ? Tell me that." And I reply. " How do I propose to destroy public ownership of the Artist? How do I propose to detach him, from the machine and restore to him his own inner apparatus of motive power? How, in short, do I propose to re-individualise the Artist? I will tell you. But first I must tell you how the Artist became de-individualised. It involves my own story. " Huntly Carter. On Interference with the Environment. AS long as the sight of the undisguised human figure is unfamiliar in a certain inhabited place, the person who exhibits it must reckon with a probability of stones and whip-lashes. And if anybody undertakes either the protection of that person or the protection of the public peace, the protector will have trouble. Mr. Tucker, I see, objects to what he imagines to be my views (his imaginations are partly right) on the ground that economy, and the desire to avoid disagreements, will require any rational police agency to pay attention to as few things as possible, and that I would increase the expenses and difficulties by giving the police more things to do. I call Mr. Tucker's attention to the fact that the police are already in the business of saving themselves trouble, and that they regularly do this by prohibiting whatever is so shocking to the feelings of the crowd as to promise to start a disturbance. The result is that whatever the crowd objects to is prohibited by the combined forces of the crowd and the policeman. East-and-west streets in New York are generally not full of vehicles; a woman walks along the middle of such a street because it happens to be a better pavement than the sidewalk ; a company of street boys come jeering behind her ; the policeman arrests the woman for creating a disturbance. . Thereby he saves himself the much more difficult job of handling the boys. The papers print it as an amusing occurrence, not as an alarming one ; and every New Yorker who reads it knows that the policeman did just what any policeman would be likely to. That's what you get by making the saving of trouble to the police your guide : by no means a reduction in the number of things that the police arrest for. The present reign of restriction is distinctly the lazy man's way of doing things, and Theodore Roosevelt is eminently characterised by the desire to handle every difficulty in the easiest way. Mr. Tucker should not imagine that by appealing to the desire to save the policeman's trouble he will get anything like what either he or I want. But laziness will not soon be extinct, and the desire for public quiet will continue to be widespread. Hence the fact that exposure of the person invites fisticuffs will, as long as it is a fact, be a potent reinforcement of all arguments for systematically and quietly suppressing the exposure of the person. And, as it will certainly be a fact till some time after the contrary practice is introduced, any discussion of practical policies must begin by treating it as an unescapable fact. This all looks as if a workable social order must count it legitimate to let those who object to any exhibition as obscene suppress that exhibition, whatever the exhibition may be, until such time as the human mind shall have undergone a quite unpredictable change. It is time to balance the argument a trifle by reminding the respectable public that if we make any pretence to uniformity or consistency, then the rule must be applied equally where the custom of clothing is stricter than among us, and any English-woman who goes with unveiled face in a Mohammedan community where the veiling of women on the street is general must be held liable to the appropriate penalties of indecent exposure. The parallel is rigorously correct. It is perfectly attested that the Englishwoman's face has the same effect on the men of such a community as the sight of a Marquesas Islander's whole person would have on an English street. Englishmen resident in such cities as Lahore declare, for instance, that in driving through the city by a lady's side it is hard to resist the temptation to get off the carriage several times to thrash Mohammedans for the looks that they are seen to cast. If the rousing of such feelings constitutes a public nuisance that calls for forcible suppression, then the wearing of unveiled faces by Englishwomen should be forcibly suppressed in every community where even a large minority are dominated by the classic Mohammedan tradition. If shocking the moral orthodoxy of a majority is ground for suppression, then the unveiled woman should be suppressed where Mohammedans are a majority. If the matter is made to rest on the ground that Lahore is controlled by the English, and consequently English notions of propriety shall rule, then we establish at least one of the points that I want to insist on—that a majority, as such, has no special right to control such things : if a majority and a minority cannot agree on a modus vivendi, the strongest fighting power must have its way. For it positively cannot be maintained that the English standard of propriety is entitled to preference on the mere ground that its precise grade of strictness is more ideally correct than either the stricter standards or the less strict.- Evidence of such a thing is too utterly lacking. The English standard of decency in clothing is not supported by the instinct of most of the human race, nor even by a continuous uniform feeling on the right little tight little island itself. I suppose by hearsay (I have never been to Europe) the words " mixed bathing " will suffice to shut the mouth of any Englishman who might claim permanence as a quality of the English standard. And it is hardly more than a century since the poet Coleridge saw handsome women bathing naked among men on the beach of a fashionable watering-place on the Welsh coast, and recorded his testimony (valuable as coming from a young man at the most impressionable age) that the effect was not salacious. I do not see how we can, in the end, refuse to consider the issue which this testimony raises. It is indeed certain that the sight of an unfamiliar exposure of the person will produce on some beholder that salacious effect with which it is popularly credited. But it is not certain, far from it, that this effect will be produced with anything like such generality as is supposed. Granting that we have in the first place a community divided into those who are irreconcilably opposed to the exhibition of the human body and those who are incorrigibly in favour of it, the injury which the former might, on their own hypothesis, receive from such exhibitions would be problematical in extent and in incidence (and a few of the more reasonable of them will concede, in duration) ; while the enslavement of the person who desires to lay aside his clothes, and who is restrained by force from doing so, is certain and direct. If on the ground of a man's claim to control his own person one protests against compulsory vaccination, or against the prohibition of the liquor traffic, or against any other bit of restriction which provokes a protest, the protester cannot with a decent show of consistency refuse to acknowledge that the privilege of deciding whether one will wear clothes is as fundamental a part of the control of one's own person as is the privilege of choosing one's own medical treatment or one's own beverages. I conclude that it is a sophistry, specious only to those who are antecedently prejudiced in its January 15th, 1914. THE EGOIST 35 favour, to contend that the right of self-defence involves a right to make a man clothe himself for fear of the harm that the sight of his body may do. I seem to have ended with deciding a single detail of the question I set out to discuss. But this detail is so dominant that few will hesitate to let its settlement settle the central question. Besides, if we started rightly by deciding that the claim for restriction had no plausibility except when the obscenity was salacity, then we might now take note that obscenity in the sense of salacity cannot be defined with sufficient certainty to let anybody know what exhibitions a rule of restriction would apply to. The only exhibition to which the advocates of restriction would be tolerably unanimous is the exhibition of the flesh-and-blood human body ; remove that, and the demand for restriction breaks up into incoherent discord. Steven T. Byington. {End of Series.) Anti-Hellenism. A NOTE ON SOME MODERN ART. " O Beloved Pan and all ye other gods who dwell here, grant that I be beautiful within myself ; and that those things I have without may be at peace with those within. Let me hold the wise man (ton sophon) the really wealthy. And may my store of gold be no more than a wise man (söphrön) may bear and carry." AT the risk of being considered academic and old-fashioned by all my friends, I have it upon my conscience to enter what lawyers call a " pleading " on behalf of the new unfashionable and unstudied Hellenic ideal of art ; and of life, too, for that matter. For a few people, their philosophy, or rather their views, of art are also their views of life. A great but now unread French writer, who had not much more pretention to philosophy than I have, declared that it was the age that produced the work of art and not the work of art that produced the age ; to allege the contrary is as ridiculous as to say " les petits pois font pousser le printemps." Now the works of art of this age—those, I mean, which have that natural vigour which belongs to the typical product of any time—are curiously far from any Hellenic conception. And since this is so, we must presume that the age is unHellenic ; which is perhaps obvious enough. But there are two main kinds of art ; there is the art which is in sympathy with its time, which seeks to express the whole life of its time—that of Shakespeare, for example—and there is the art of Ben Jonson or of Theocritus, the art of men who run counter to the spirit of their time, or rather to the accepted artistic notions of their time. (I have nothing but praise and admiration for the artists and poets who are striving " to render their times in the terms of their times." But I would have them recollect the other kind of art which seeks to create those things which the time has not.) If we consider the main facts of intellectual development in modern times we shall perceive the following broad facts. The Renaissance came after centuries of turbulence, after centuries of conventions in morality, art and literature. From the art conventions of the middle ages we inherit most of what we have of the picturesque, the abnormal and the grotesque. With the Renaissance men had some sense of the old intellectual freedom of the Greeks, of their restless subtlety, of their blitheness, their—I must use the word—" klidê." The Greeks—if we can so far generalise on a nation which produced such differing genius—worshipped and desired for themselves and for the arts the ordinary, normal, uninteresting goods of life, such as health and beauty, and successful love and moderate wealth, and so on. There is a Greek epigram extant in which the author wishes for himself first health, and then beauty, then moderate wealth, and then to be young in the midst of friends. Such simple, uninteresting things we may believe to have been desired by the Greeks quite sincerely, for the license and corruption of later Greece was due to contact with the sensual barbarian Eastern races. The Renaissance, however blithe and youthful it may seem to us, never recovered this old simplicity. Behind it was always the haunting memory of that nightmare-like time of the middle ages. The men of the Renaissance were like men suddenly released from prison, and their new liberty led them at once into extravagances. Let anyone who will allege that the Greeks were unparalleled in their (to us) criminal pleasures, at least admit that they wrote and talked of "sopkrosunï" and simple beauties in a way no other nation has ever surpassed. And the delicate criminals of the Renaissance, though they sang and painted divinely, came very short of the Hellenic predecessors they worshipped. Literature became most highly developed in England, a sober country, which cast off its mediaeval superstition and convention very unwillingly. And the extravagance of the Renaissance was its own damnation ; the arts wandered off into all manner of curious floridities, and the inevitable reaction to " purism " and the " age of reason " resulted. From that the world eventually revolted to romanticism, fetching up all the forgotten lumber and mysticism of the middle ages to assist it in forming a picturesque milieu. And from this " romantic " period which began somewhere in the twenties of the last century, we have further minor reactions. (Parnassians, Symbolists, Realists, Aesthetes, Unanimistes, Paroxystes, Imagistes, etc., you are all wonderful and of God's grace divine.) The qualities I observe in the latest reactionary art are all unHellenic, and, if I may use the word without odium, unhealthy. These artists propose, I believe, to render, not to mirror certainly, their age, and judging from their works we must say that the age does not like health or beauty or simplicity or youth in the midst of friends or any such simple uninteresting things. The art of this age is tired, like that of the Byzantines, who invented conventions to excuse themselves for not attempting to emulate the art of their ancestors ; or it is wild and savage, like the art of the South Sea Islanders and of the makers of totem-poles ; or it is agitated and nervous, as no other age has been, and the result is the work of M. Picasso or Mr. Wadsworth, which may intrigue our eyesight but does not illuminate our intelligence. And against all this I have no word to say. I believe it to be all admirable and right and very fine. I pay my shilling to go to exhibitions and I do my best to follow the latest thing in post-Whitman-splendeur-des-forces-simultaneous poetry. I trust I am not so foolish as to deride all this excellent work. But sometimes, it may be after I have been pottering with folios, or going over some of those old Greek things which we all pretend to have read, and of which I confess I have not read a tenth part, or it may be merely after a walk in the open air, there comes a curious attendrissement, a wonder as to whether with all this talent and brilliance and rendering of our own times we have not lost some things very simple and beautiful. (I know the artists of whom I am mostly writing here do not care especially for elegant or graceful or beautiful things, and that they love an angular sternness and power which are not the kind of simplicity I mean.) And the upshot of all this somewhat incoherent writing is that, though I admit as I have admitted before the great value of, say, the sculpture of Mr. Epstein and the painting of M. Picasso and the latest poems of Mr. Pound and even the works of Signor 36 THE EGOIST January 15th, 1914. Severini, M. Barzun and so on, I find that there is still a strange allure about these ordinary uninteresting things which the Greeks loved—health and beauty and youth in the midst of friends. And for myself I would wish to see the art of to-day, if there is to be an art of to-day, growing out of those things, and 1 should not object if it repeated things which have been already said, provided it re-assured me beautifully and conclusively that flowers are still elegantly coloured, and girls' lips very good to see, and the scent of hayfields and of the ocean very cordial. (You may say that it has all been done, but it would interest me to have it done again in the twentieth century ; and the works of Mr. Flecker and Mr. de la Mare, admirable as they are, do not satisfy my wishes.) Now it is very good to be fond of Egyptian things, and fond of Indian things, and intrigued with Buddhism, and amorous of China—Chinese art is delightful—though all these things remind me a little of the strange religious cults professed in Rome at the time of Claudius, but I do not see why new fashions in artistic creeds should compel us to say that simple and happy and healthy works of art are entirely bad. I think some modern artists might produce a few good works of art if they looked at it with the kind of feeling that I suppose Plato had when he wrote the short poem spoken by Socrates which I have put at the head of this. Not that I wish to hinder or disparage in any way the works of Mr. Epstein or Mr. Lewis or M. Picasso or Mr. Pound. But as long as the red apple shines upon the bough, and as long as the wild hyacinth is purple upon the hills, as long as we like to remember that Hermes set upon his feet the fair imperishable sandals of gold, and that Aphrodite sate upon a throne of many-coloured marble, as long as we like to remember the rustle of the plane-tree and the agnus-castus beside Ilissus and the cool water Anyte saw gushing from beneath the statue at the cross roads, and as long as we remember the roses that were sent to Rhodokleia and the golden crocuses Bacchylides gave to the west wind and the white violets that young Lycidas wove into a crown when he sat, roasting chestnuts in the embers, and drinking to his friend on the sea—for so long, perhaps, we may be allowed to write and paint about them in our own inconsiderable way, while the other more robust and clamorous art flourishes above us and protects us—let us hope—with superior benignity. Richard Aldington. Penultimate Poetry. XENOPHILOMETROPOLITANIA. . I. tenzone alla gentildonna. Come, mY songs. II. cantata. " Men poLs lois puelh voys." —Arnaut of Marvoil. Come my songs, Let us observe this person Who munches chicken-bones like a Chinese consul Mandilibating a delicate succulent Pekinese spaniel. III. ELEVATORS. Come my songs, Let us whizz up to the eighteenth floor, Let us present our most undignified exterior To this mass of indolent superstition, To this perverted somnambulistic age ; Let us soar up higher than the eighteenth floor And consider the delicate delectable monocles Of the musical virgins of Parnassus : Pale slaughter beneath purple skies. IV. ANCORA. Rest me with mushrooms, For I think the steak is evil. V. convicted. Like an armful of greasy engineer's-cotton Flung by a typhoon against a broken crate of ducks' eggs She stands by the rail of the Old Bailey dock. Her intoxication is exquisite and excessive, And delicate her delicate sterility. Her delicacy is so delicate that she would feel affronted If I remarked nonchalantly, " Saay, stranger, ain't you dandy. " VI. GITANJALI. Come my songs, (For we have not " come " during three of these our delectable canzoni) Come, my songs, let us go to America. Let us move the thumbs on our left hands And the middle fingers on our right hands With the delicate impressive gestures Of Rabindranath Tagore. (Salaam, o water-cress of the desert.) O my songs, of all things let us Be delicate and impressive. I implore you my songs to remain so ; I charge you in the name of these states. VII. altruism. Come my songs, Let us praise ourselves ; I doubt if the smug will do it for us, The smug who possess all the rest of the universe. VIII. song of innocence. The wind moves over the wheat With a silver crashing, A thin war of delicate kettles. IX. The apparition of these poems in a crowd : White faces in a black dead faint. Richard Aldington. Two French Books. AN invitation to excursions in the less familiar realms of French literature is held out by a little anthology just to hand entitled " Almanach Littéraire Crès."* Besides specimens from J.-K. Huysmans, Ernest Dowson (translated by Stuart-Merrill) ; Maurice Barrés, Léon Bloy, Paul Claudel, Rémy de Gourmont, Francis Jammes, Emile Verhaeren, Pierre Louys, Jerome and Jean Tharaud, Louis Thomas, and some others, it comprises hitherto unpublished letters by Barbey d'Aurevilly and Jules Renard, " curiosities " and anecdotes about Flaubert, Leconte de Lisle and Villiers de l'lsle Adam and admirable wood-cut portraits of some of these by E. Vibert. Among the more arresting contributions to the collection is a portrait-essay by the brothers Tharaud ______ *" Almanach Littéraire Crès." (George Crès et Cie, Paris. 3fr.) January 15th, 1914. THE EGOIST 37 of the man with whom no one shakes hands, Deihler, the public executioner, he " who since all time would seem to be the same individual . . . there being something unchanging, fatalistic, almost eternal in his personality" whose profession had already puzzled Joseph de Maistre who wrote " for such a man to be able to exist in the midst of the human family a special decree from the Divine Power was needed." M. Paul Claudel, a leader in modern French literature with a considerable following of admirers and disciples, gives a criticism of M. Francis Jammes, that charming pot-au-feu poet, unreal realist, the bourgeois psalmodist whom the bourgeois does not read, who chants of a world where everyone is good and kind and forgiving, the comfortable country of his home, the land of Orthez and Béarn, "which," in the words of M. Claudel, "he knows as Saint Simon knew the court of Louis XIV." and whose every page is a hymn of praise to God, enchanting to some, rather nauseating to others. He is the one poet the world has ever seen " who is perfectly satisfied with his fate "—no doubt because he is blessed with a private income; everyone isn't. To earn his living Villiers de L'Isle Adam had to allow himself to be punched as a boxing-master : he was not satisfied; Chatterton, the suicide, was not satisfied ; it is extraordinary the influence private means and good health have on one's outlook on life. "To him creation is inexhaustible," continues M. Claudel about Francis Jammes, "it is all he needs" [but who wants more?] ; " when he has done contemplating it, he stoops tenderly over it and examines it with his short-sighted eye" [perhaps that is just his chief fault : short-sightedness] " as with a magnifying glass." This creation of which he is so fond he o'erstrides tirelessly, armed with a gun and botanist's box. To Francis Jammes nothing that is, is indifferent ; to him every person he meets, from the mayor to the candlestick-maker of his village, is interesting though I suspect he has preferences for the lowly : the Francis Jammes school is the school of the cult of humility; " reasons for which his work has such a unique human character, a social significance ; showing an epic and Christian sense of the importance and dignity of the beings surrounding us." In his ingenuity (is it quite innocent ingenuity?) he has committed both pearls and pebbles of poetic interpretation. Thus a pearl from "Au bas du Ciel" : " Small and yet big is the child's soul ! Small like the keyhole whence he sees the avenue and the corn-fields between the branches, big as the breeze passing through the key-hole." Thus a pebble: " Bernadette^ perambulator has four wheels like the great bear." (From "Bernadette.") Such examples of local emotion are pregnant in writers like the author of " Marie-Claire " (and much worse) one of whom at a time is quite enough. The unsatisfied Villiers de L'Isle Adam, author of " Axel " and " Tribulat Bonhommet "—who used to say : " Ah ! je m'en souviendrai de cette planète Terre !"—is healthier. The following story, reminiscent of the parables Oscar Wilde related to M. André Gide, is recorded of him here : "A poor old workman, bent with years and labour," ran a fable he once told, " arrived in Paradise and to comfort him God told him he would give him another life. And the workman looking helplessly at God, said, ' Oh ! don't.' " And here is an anecdote about Villiers himself : " Sitting at the terrace of a café, Villiers was looking dreamily at the sky. A passing confrère put his hand on the poet's shoulder : ' Well, Villiers, well, ' said the intruder, 'always,' and he made a gesture as of a thought ascending like a spiral heavenwards. Villiers looked at him with a distant, horrified eye : 'And you,' he answered in a dark voice, 'and you . . .' making with his finger a similar spiral-— earthwards." Another handy little volume published by the same firm is "Six Promenades au Louvre; De Giotto à Puvis de Chavannes " by Fritz R. Vanderpyl with a preface by Ad. van Bever. It is about as good a guide to the picture galleries of the Louvre as can be written in so concise a form. As a guide, however, it might be a little less opinionated : as always in matters artistic when opinions are not entirely in agreement with one's own—and where is he whose opinions on art agree with our own? Taken as a critical study this fault—if fault it is—is compensated for by the writer's enthusiasm for his subject. Mr. Vanderpyl is obviously a true and great lover of painting and without love for such a subject any amount of knowledge is worthless. When people speak about art—as when they do about love—it is customary to remind them that " He who knows the Tao does not talk of it, and those who prattle about it do not know it." It is what the critics say to artists when they find these trespassing on their self-allotted privileges as though they who are impotent to create were alone entitled to make comment, while it is considered nothing short of the creator's duty to be silent. In the days of Leonardo, Michael Angelo, Poussin and Sir Joshua Reynolds there were no critics, comparatively, and in consequence, when artists undertook to explain their profession they roused no animosity in interested quarters. Latterly, artists have resented letting the critics reap the harvest they —the artists—sow, and art has become a bone of mercantile contention between the critic-dog and the artist-dog. "Create," says the critic to the artist, "and let me, who am qualified, do the talking, for when you talk, being only a creator, you talk rubbish." Surely there is as much chance of rubbish emanating from the critic as from the artist. Wonderful this modern world of ours is, wherein nothing has become a more disputed product of commerce than art. Mr. Vanderpyl, precisely traces this evolution to a culmination in the following passage : " Leur grande vertu " [that of the " primitive " or pre-Raphaelite painters of Italy, Flanders, &amp;c], " celle qui les rend difficiles à comprendre aujourdhui, c'est qu'ils ont poussé leur scrupule d'artiste à ne rendre que se qu'ils éprouvaient ; leur seul dessein était de mettre à nu leur personnalité de croyants humbles et inspirés, oubliant, souvent de signer les chefs d'œuvre. En ce temps là, les individus, dependant entièrement de leur vocation et non pas des occasions qui se présentaient, on entrait dans une carrière parcequ'on l'aimait. Il en était ainsi pour les petits métiers comme pour les grands. On partait pour la guerre parcequ'on avait envie de se battre et on devenait clerc parcequ'on aimait s'instruire. Chacun savait selon son pouvoir et, ni la science, ni les arts, n'étaient catalogués par une arrogante caste de savants solennels et mandarinants. Si la gloire venait, elle était un avant-gout des joies célestes et non la certitude ou de la fortune ou d'une vie de persécutions. Je ne dis pas que l'artiste avait peur du sacrifice, ni qu'il dédaignait les plaisirs du monde, la richesse ou la renommée ; mais la préoccupation était autre. L'aisance venait, avec plus de sûreté même que de nos jours, à mesure que l'œuvre était apprécié; le peintre, l'architecte, le sculpteur, le poète, était l'ami du noble, le plus intime des serviteurs royaux, l'aimé des femmes, l'enfant chéri parmi les frères du couvent ; il était mieux que payé, it faisait partie de la maison et avait ainsi tout le temps et tous les moyens d'approfondir les mystères des lignes et des couleurs. Tout cela và disparaître dès la Renaissance. . . . L'art devient une affaire, la concurrence commence. Dans la cohorte de ses plus célèbres servants, on trouve des débrouillards jaloux et des arrivistes avides qui, malgré leurs *" Six Promenades au Louvre; De Giotto à Puvis de Chavannes." (George Crès et Cie. 3fr. 50c.) 38 THE EGOIST January 15th, 1914. dons presque surnaturels, n'hésitent devant aucune concession bu lâcheté artistique, dans leur prédominant désir de natter et de plaire. Tels Benvenuto Cellini, Sébastien del Piombo et André del Sarto ; tel Raphael qui change trois fois de manière en vingt ans ; tel le Titien qui fait du portrait à ressemblance garantie. . . . " And it is in this direction that we have continued to progress, of, rather, to retrogress. Painters are not only jealous of each other, nowadays, they are jealous of critics, and critics are jealous of painters. Each one wants this big, this inexhaustible world to himself and thereby makes it little. However, whether as critic or artist or both, one who has a red-hot passion for art, has the intellectual capacity to discern the national, local and other psychological causes of which the various expressions which art assumes are a consequence [as, for instance, when it is pointed out that Philippe de Champaigne reflects that phase of the period of Louis XIV. which was influenced by the Reformation, by William the Taciturn, by Cromwell and, especially, by Jansénius ;] and one who has the independence to make some discoveries and do some distributing of laurels on his own account, is always worth listening to. M. Vanderpyl is of these and his little book not only informs but, what is better, suggests. Muriel Ciolkowya. Correspondence. Note to Correspondents— While quite willing to publish letters under noms de plume., we make it a condition of publication that the name and address of each correspondent should be supplied to the Editor.—Ed. A DULL PLAY. To the Editor of The Egoist. Madam, While congratulating you upon the excellent quality of the first number of The Egoist, and wishing you every success, I cannot help protesting against a remark by your contributor " H. S. C." in his article on Le Vieux Colombier. When referring to the production of Heywood's play, " A Woman Killed with Kindness "—which your contributor incorrectly calls " Killed by Kindness "—he makes the astounding observation, " in English this play is dull." If he be right, then every critic since the days of Lamb is wholly wrong. I have known this play criticised on the ground that Mrs. Frankfort capitulates too readily to her lover, that the conclusion is hurried; but that the masterpiece of our " prose Shakespeare " is dull is an assertion which is certainly new, but doubtfully true. J. A. Symonds, whose authority as an Elizabethan scholar and critic, is surely unimpeachable, describes this play as " the finest bourgeois tragedy of our Elizabethan literature." Hear also the comfortable words of Professor A. W. Ward: " This exquisitely pathetic conception is carried out with dramatic force and with a manly simplicity of tone, showing true delicacy of feeling. . . . The subsequent scene of the actual discovery is thrilling in its power. The terrible suspense of the solution . . . might almost be termed a " prose " reproduction of the terrors of Macbeth itself." Had your contributor been familiar with the play, he would not have misquoted the title. I suggest that he should re-read it carefully, closely, prayerfully. If thereafter he should persist in his unique criticism, I fear, Madam, as an old Elizabethan, I should be forced to be rude. Viator. A CRITICISM OF THE PHILOSOPHY OF EGOISM. To the Editor of The Egoist. Madam, The sudden change in the title of your journal fills me with misgivings : I was not aware that the Stirnerian Egoism had taken so strong a hold upon you, and I hasten to beg you to permit me to explain my disagreement with that philosophy. Egoism is the doctrine that the motive of every human action is the pleasure of the performer, the word " pleasure " being taken to include all forms of moral satisfaction. The view of orthodoxy to-day is that people sometimes commit acts of self-sacrifice. Sometimes I seem to be foregoing a big " moral " pleasure (a pleasure that, so far as introspection carries me, I am at that moment appreciating to the full) for a smaller, less noble satisfaction ; and sometimes I seem to be sacrificing a strong ignoble pleasure for the sake of a weaker noble one. How will you prove to me now that in both these cases I am in reality choosing in the direction of my greatest pleasure ? It is useless to tell me that the fact of my acting in a particular way proves the pleasure anticipated from that act to have been the stronger : this does but assume the point to be proved, for it advances no reason for denying that an action may sometimes proceed in the line of the weaker of two anticipated pleasures. It is equally useless to tell me that the fact of my wanting to perform an act is a proof that I anticipate the greatest satisfaction from that course : this again simply assumes the point at issue, since I, who am surely able more accurately than any outsider to appraise the comparative strength of my anticipated pleasures, decide that I want to act in the direction of a weaker pleasure. You will doubtless here assert, as these ingenious Stirnerians do, that the fact of my wanting to perform a particular action A rather than B indicates that there is a greater hunger within me for satisfaction A than for B. Words—mere words. You cannot possibly know my intimate hungers so well as I, and I decide that my hunger for satisfaction A is less than that for B. You will ask me why I wish to perform that particular action, if it is going to afford me less pleasure than another action that is equally open to me. I reply that I want to act thus for such and such reasons, but that, so far as I am aware, the performance of that action will afford me less total pleasure (moral gratification, future retrospective pleasure, or other satisfaction) than another course that is open to me. So far as I am able to examine and compare my desires, I seem sometimes to perform actions that will yield me small pleasures of a particular kind rather than other actions that will yield me large pleasures of a different kind, and your simple assertion that I must have anticipated more total pleasure from the former actions leaves me quite unconvinced of the truth of Egoism. Lastly, you will not help your cause by asking me if I anticipate no pleasure from my projected course of action. I may confess the sweet secret ; or I may assert that I expect only pain ; but I may be able most truthfully to affirm that another action would yield me more total pleasure than the one in question. Of course, as I have insisted above, if you assert that the fact that I desire to perform a particular act proves that I expect most pleasure in that direction, you cut the ground from under my feet ; but I reiterate that this assertion proves nothing—it simply assumes the point at issue. So long as there exists a man so obstinately deaf to your persuasions that he asserts that he sometimes deliberately performs actions that will yield him less total pleasure than other actions that were open to him, you have no way of proving the truth of your doctrine of Egoism to him. Hence I am of opinion that the philosophy of January 15th, 1914. THE EGOIST 39 Egoism rests upon unverifable assumption. Moreover, since culture consists for the most part of a relinquishment of particular satisfactions for the sake of other satisfactions, it may be useful to retain the notion that some of the people whom we admire may, however rarely, have sacrificed strong pleasures for weaker ones in the performance of some of their admirable actions. This knowledge assists us to perform worthy actions—weak vessels that we are. Henry Meilen. [The above letter is referred to in the current " Views and Comments."—Ed.] WOMEN : EDUCATION : MARRIAGE. To the Editor of The Egoist. Madam, I see that Sir Almroth Wright is suffering from the common delusion that the sex problem in Britain is due to the fact that women are more numerous than men. He thinks that women are discontented because they cannot get married, and that they cannot get married because there are too many of them ; therefore he advises women to go to the Colonies. If Sir Almroth Wright were to spend a day in Vancouver, Victoria, Seattle, Tacoma, or San Francisco, he would soon get rid of this delusion. In every one of these places, men enormously preponderate in numbers over women. In Vancouver there are 74,000 men and 49,000 women. In Victoria there are 19,000 men and 12,000 women. In all the other towns I have named the proportion is about the same. Among children the sexes are nearly equal in numbers ; therefore the disproportion of the sexes among adults is considerably greater than appears from the figures I have quoted. Do educated women marry in Vancouver, Victoria, Seattle, Tacoma, or San Francisco? They certainly do not. If any man wants to see the most beautiful and vigorous collection of old maids that the sun ever shone upon, I advise him to go and stand on the main street of one of the cities I have named. In an hour's observation, he will see many of the finest-looking women of thirty and thirty-five that any man ever saw; and he will find on inquiry that a surprisingly large proportion of these women have lived most of their lives on the Pacific coast, and have never even been engaged, not to speak of married. He will find that some of the most beautiful have never even been mentioned in connection with a man. The simple truth is that the disproportion of the sexes has not much to do with the sex problem in England. Educated women all over the world have ceased to marry, whatever the proportion of the sexes. The same thing has always occurred in highly civilised countries. In ancient Rome marriage became so hateful that Augustus and other emperors tried to enforce it by drastic legislation, which proved utterly futile. Augustus even got two batchelor poets, Virgil and Horace, to sing the praises of marriage; but that also was futile. The Roman Empire was destroyed by the barbarians, but modern civilisation has spread over the earth, and will not be destroyed. Wise men and women had better look the fact squarely in the face that marriage is dead among refined women. The vast majority of educated women have left marriage behind them for ever. If celibacy is as bad as Sir Almroth Wright says it is, educated women will be wise to do a little more original thinking than they have done in the past. R. B. Kerr. Note. - EDITORIAL. Letters, &amp;c., intended for the Editor should be personally addressed : Ainsdale, England. PUBLICATION. All business communications relative to the publication of The Egoist should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, &amp;c, made payable to The New Freewoman, Ltd., Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C., and should be crossed "Parr's Bank," Bloomsbury Branch." Terms of Subscription.—Yearly, 14/- (U.S.A. 3 dollars 50 cents); Six Months, 7/- (U.S.A., 1 dollar 75 cents); Three Months, 3/6 (U.S.A., 90 cents). Single Copies 7d., post free to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS. All orders, letters, &amp;c, concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Advertisement Manager, The Egoist, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. PREPAID ADVERTISEMENTS, 1d. per word, Minimum 1/-. The Egoist Subscription Form. Please send me The Egoist for .............................................from.................................for which I enclose .............., and continue until countermanded. Name.......................................................... ................................................... Address............................................................................................................ TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION.—Yearly, 14/- (U.S.A., 3 dollars 50 cents): Six Months, 7/= (U.S.A.. 1 dollar 75 cents); Three Months, 3/6 (U.S.A., 90 cents). Single Copies 7d., post free to any address in the Postal Union. Orders should be sent to Miss Harriet Shaw Weaver, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. All Cheques, Money Orders, and Postal Orders should be crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch," and made payable to The New Freewoman, Ltd. The Divine Mystery. A READING in the History of Christianity down to the Time of Christ. By ALLEN UPWARD, AUTHOR of THE NEW WORD. The author's New Word is the only work on science and religion that has ever been accepted by both sides. In the present volume the history of religion is presented as the history of science. The story of the Virgin Mother, though only an episode in the narration, will be read with especial interest by reformers of the relation between the sexes. Garden City Press, Letchworth. Price 10s. 6d. It is requested that the work may be ordered through a Bookseller. READERS THE EGOIST are asked to become SUBSCRIBERS. This is the most effectual way of helping the Paper. SUBSCRIPTIONS must be sent to Miss HARRIET SHAW WEAVER, Oakley House Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. All Cheques, Money Orders and Postal Orders should be crossed "Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch," and made payable to The New Freewoman Ltd. For Terms of Subscription see page 39. LA VIE DES LETTRES Direction et Administration : 20, rue de Chartres, PARIS, NEUILLY. Des l'apparition de ses premiers volumes, La Vie des Lettres s'est placée incontestablement à la tête des principales revues littéraires de langue française. Elle s'adresse tout particulièrement à Y élite intellectuelle, amie des belles lettres. Elle est, par excellence, l'organe de la haute littérature, et ses sommaires résument tout l'effort des œuvres maîtresses de ce temps. Les esthétiques des arts modernes et les manifestations les plus récentes des lettres contemporaines y sont traitées avec la plus grande compétence. Les littératures étrangères (Européennes, américaines et sud américaines) y sont étudiées par les meilleurs techniciens de ces pays. De plus, dans sa rubrique intitulée : Revue internationale des Lettres et des Arts, sont signalés et discutés au besoin, les articles les plus significatifs parus dans les périodiques classés ou d'avant garde de l'ancien et du nouveau monde. LA VIE DES LETTRES est la revue française la plus vivante et la plus moderne qui soit. A ses sommaires des pages de— G. d'Annunzio, Paul Adam, Maurice Barrés, Louis Bertrand, Nicolas Beauduin, Paul Claudel, André Gide, Francis Jammes, Jules Lemaître, A. Mercereau, Frédéric Mistral, Comtesse de Noailles Henri de Régnier, Auguste Rodin, Romain Rolland, J. H. Rosny, ainé, Viélé Griffin, Emile Verhaeren, etc., et des traductions des grands écrivians anglais, allemands, russes, etc. LA VIE DES LETTRES parait tous les trois mois par volumes de deux cents pages, grand format, beau papier. Le prix de l'abonnement est de 12 frs l'an. Printed by Robert Johnson &amp; Co., Ltd., 28, Tulketh Street, Southport, and published by the Proprietors, The New Freewoman, Ltd., at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C.