The Egoist , made Published Monthly THE EGOIST No. 3.—Vol. V. MARCH 1918. Sixpence. Editor: HARRIET SHAW WEAVER Assistant Editor: T. S. ELIOT Contributing Editor: Dora Marsden CONTENTS PAGE Lingual Psychology— XV. The Constitution of the World and the Character of our Scientific Knowledge. By D. Marsden . . . .33 Passing Paris. By M. C.......38 To my Head Clerk. By Iris Barry . . '. .38 Literature and the American Courts. By T. S. Eliot 39 Les Saisons. By Paul Aeschimann . . . .39 Liberations: Studies of Individuality in Contemporary Music— XII (continued). By Leigh Henry . 40 PAGE Pictures in the Hermitage in Petrograd. By Arthur Symons ....... 41 Verse Pleasant and Unpleasant. By Apteryx . 43 The French Word in Modern Prose.— IX. By Madame Ciolkowska ........ 44 The New God. By J. G. Fletcher . . . .45 First Love. By J........46 Correspondence.......47 XV. THE CONSTITUTION OF THE WORLD AND THE CHARACTER OF OUR SCIENTIFIC KNOWLEDGE By D. Marsden I (1) THE definition of the work of science which would conform satisfactorily to the current conception of science would follow these line: The task of science is to issue, under symbolic forms, authenticated classifications of the order of succession obtaining at any given stage in the flow of events in the external world. The modern scientist conceives the order of the external world under the form of a vast tide of groups of events constantly ebbing and flowing, and revealing in addition unceasing transmutations among the individual groups which constitute the tide. He notes, however, that the order or sequence of these transmutations, multiple as the latter are, remains in the supremest degree constant. Certain groups of conditions infallibly eventuate in certain sequels. Consequently a careful observer may become so expert in respect of the changes of this order that he can confidently assert the antecedents as well as forecast the sequels of any given condition. So proficient, indeed, may he become that he is able to play with, or, as he would say, experiment with, the order, and manipulate it in such a way that any sequel he desires he can ensure and render inevitable by using his own mobile powers to muster together certain more easily assembled antecedents in which the desired sequel is immanent. Conversely, any sequel imminent in a given condition which he wishes to avoid he can forestall by flinging into the ever-maturing flux some circumstance which—again according to a fixed order—annuls the possibility of the undesired event in favour of some other preferred denouement. (2) Obviously, it is just this manipulation of the order of external events which we all (following the lead of scientists themselves) have come to regard as pre-eminently science's function. To be made to know how to manage the world by dint of an acute observation of its changes has come to represent the sum of our scientific expectations. Practical utility, which makes the world figure as the scientist's toy, is what we look to science for rather than full intellectual satisfaction. It is therefore in keeping with our views of science when we see its energies turned in the direction of observations in the external world ever more and more protracted, voluminous, and subtle. The scientist finds himself saved from submergence under the sheer bulk of these observations by the fact that there is inherent in the symbolizing instrument (which alone renders comparison: the essential of observation: possible) a power of intensive and orderly grouping both as to the types of difference in the supposedly static appearance of things and the typical modes of behaviour or order of change of those things. It is this characteristic of the symbolizing instrument which we have in mind when we say that the scientist finds his convenience served by the processes of induction and deduction on the one hand, and the power to enunciate laws on the other. Equipped with these, he can plough ahead with the work of observation on progressively intensive lines and so bring his command over Nature's order to an ever-heightening degree of perfection. (3) This picture of the scientist as troubling only to read the changes of Nature's order as these appear in salient bulk into forms of changes equally salient but more detailed: which latter forms he notes for further reference, comparison, and rearrangement under their symbolic marks: is an adequate interpretation of the activity of existent science. Its ##34 THE EGOIST March 1918 distinctive characteristic is that it does not address itself to the task of obtaining an understanding of the order itself. It merely asserts with increasing conciseness just what that order is through a wide and detailed range. We have already referred at length to this deliberately limited view of the function of science in a passage which we shall venture to quote here: "What is it that science does? It watches things happen in order to enable itself to say when they happen. The elucidation of the "when" of events is the whole business of science. It seeks to know under just what conditions assembled specific events take place. That is: the business of science in any given case is to take note of an event's concomitants. Its motive in doing so is obvious. The ambition of science is to be able to issue guaranteed recipes for reproducing all events whatsoever. Its entire attitude is constructive; it seeks to do; it reproduces by reassembling the invariably concomitant conditions of any event: which same concomitants it calls the event's cause. Thus the process of science consists of two stages: (1) of descriptive assertions saying what events occur, giving all the concomitant conditions whenever they occur, and (2) of descriptive assertions of the same event under varying conditions giving only such concomitants as invariably recur under all conditions. When science has delivered itself of this last description it holds that it has furnished the event's cause; and it would claim that by reassembling just those conditions the event could moreover be made and remade again at will. The first stage might be called that of description, and the second stage the explanatory; but obviously, at root, both stages are descriptive wholly and solely. Explanation is detailed. It is description very carefully done. So: for science, things happen—thus and thus—whereupon science obediently recites how. Science accepts happenings. It asks nothing and gets to know nothing as to why they happen. Obedience and acceptation of the inexorableness of events is science's whole attitude. In that way, and in that way only does it find it can bring them to terms; for science apprehends that while they are inexorable, they are pliant and manageable within the limits of their inexorableness. "Let us recite some of the simplest assertions science makes. It says, for instance, that every particle of matter in the universe attracts every other particle with a force of fixed potentialities, for all given cases. It says that two gases, H and O, combine under certain conditions and in certain proportions as water. It says that liquids become gases under definite conditions. It tells tales of magic like this: "Rub a glass rod with a silk handkerchief. The rod will then have power to attract a pith-ball. The handkerchief will have a like power. But once let the rod touch the ball and lo and behold, the handkerchief will repel the pith-ball!" Or it will say that if the tips of two carbon pencils to which are attached wires charged respectively with negative and positive electric currents are brought almost together a bright flame will establish itself between them. Or it will say that if you bring a small quantity of gunpowder into contact with a tiny spark, you will get an explosion disproportionately large compared with either of them. And so on, and so on. Let the tale be simple or complex, most commonplace seeming or the most recondite magic, the basic characteristic of every instance is the same. All are assertions as to when things happen. Never are they statements explaining why things happen. "I when science has pushed its observations deeper and deeper and is able to give an account of the when on a level which grows correspondingly wide as it grows deep, the when of a more superficial happening may for convenience in reference be regarded as a corollary of the wider generalization. But that is merely a matter of economy of statement and enumeration. It does not mean that the superficial happening is caused by the more comprehensively stated happening in the sense that the latter affords a reason why the former happens. "What science calls a law is merely a compendious way of grouping a vast number of statements about specific happenings under one big "general" statement. The assertion embodying what is called a universal law differs from that embodying an isolated happening in its quantitative bearing only. In kind, both are identical. Both are assertions as to the when; neither has a shred of bearing on any why. "If our account appears doubtful let us return to our scientific instances and charge into them with a phalanx of "why's." Why do all particles of matter attract one another? Why do they not rather fly apart? Why do not bodies flee the earth? Why do not H and O combine as something other than water? Why should like electric poles so persistently repel? "No reason in the world can be assigned" why they should not bethink themselves and attract. Why do the two opposite currents passing through the carbon tips create a flame? Why do they not rather play a tune? Why does not gunpowder greeted by a spark gracefully dissolve as a dewdrop or a sweetly exciting odour? Why, oh why? As the children say, "Because! They do because they do, and they don't because they don't." Which being translated means that the notion of cause has here outstepped its province. The intrusion here of a why is an absurdity. These are not the circumstances in which science knows of any why. Science knows only of when's, and if the term why makes any appearance whatsoever among the casual connexions investigated by science it is actually the term when itself wearing a disguise. Of why used in the sense of motive or reason, scientific investigation reveals not a trace." (4) It should be noted, however, that though science deliberately creates this limited convention in order to furnish its efforts with guidance and leading, the scientist has never been quite able to suppress within himself that spirit of philosophy which recognizes no barred zones in the area of knowledge. Hence there has grown up within the confines of science a curious growth of scientific "interpretations" of the universe, all endeavouring to surmount these very limits stipulated for and to render of external events their reason and their why. These interpretations represent guesses based for the most part upon a wide survey of the order of the world's changes and constitute an endeavour to so "read back" certain outstanding but partial characteristics of events: those, for instance, of space, time, substance, and the like: so as to form a theory of the nature of the universe as a whole. It is these scientific "interpretations" so based which form the groundwork of our modern conceptions of the world and the universe. It will be necessary to refer again to these interpretations at a later stage of this chapter, when it will become necessary to arrive at an assessment of their truth-value. II (5) Such is the accepted view of science's function. The one question it concerns us to raise in regard to it is whether there are reasonable grounds for maintaining that scientists might have—indeed, ought to have—adopted a different view. Our conception of philosophy involves the position that there are such grounds, and this résumé of points already treated of has been made in order to contrast the accepted view with a suggested alternative view. This opposed view is destined, we hold, to take precedence of the one just indicated and radically to modify its findings. This it will do so soon as the human mind can grasp the import and issue the definition of that initial ##March 1918 THE EGOIST 35 classification which the symbolizing instrument (essentially the instrument of storage and classification of experience, and therefore of scientific procedure) has automatically and in advance made the foundation of all those more complex classifications which comprise the structure of knowledge. The classification to which we refer is that division of the universe into the classes of organism plus the external world. (6) Before proceeding to a consideration of this basic division of the universe of experience it will be worth while to take note of a very curious but persistent and age-long mistrust of our existing knowledge of the external world. This attitude of depreciation and mistrust has not been ousted even by the wealth of the findings of modern science. It is as pronounced to-day as it was in the infancy of human culture. Its grudging estimates are revealed in two types of criticism directed against our theoretical knowledge. One is that our knowledge is useless to us in respect of any power to shape a higher destiny and range of organic life. The other is that our knowledge, useless or otherwise in this respect, is of the nature of illusion, in that it fails to give satisfaction to the deepest interests of our intellectual nature. In this sense it declares that our knowledge is not real nor yet is it true. (7) To take the second question first: Its meaning is that there exists in the human mind a question, for the most part formless and inarticulate, which asks for an answer. The failure of this question to receive an answer has kept the human mind in a state of dissatisfaction and unrest to which the liberally proffered answers to questions it is not particularly concerned about seem so many additional provocations. It is in connexion with this frame of mind that our wealth of scientific knowledge seems to have been thrust upon us, and to have dragged us more or less unwillingly out of the main track of that which intellectually we most desire. At the same time, the knowledge which has been sought from the first intellectual essayings of the human race has kept itself frigidly aloof. When, therefore, we describe our knowledge as an illusion: as, indeed, all the voices of philosophy throughout its career have been unanimous in describing it: we mean that the answers which our knowledge is showering upon us so liberally are not relevant to the one question which really interests us, i.e. the nature of the world in its relation to the human mind. Bather, they seem to thrust that question into a position either of derision or obscurity. The theories of the external world which modern science (outstepping its warrants and conventions indeed) has constructed upon arbitrarily selected aspects of the world merely succeed in making the nature of that relationship appear as an irreducible logical problem. (8) The unshakable instinct of the human mind, however, is that the nature of this relationship is determinable, and in some way which is the reverse of the way hitherto employed by science. The intellect searches for such a solution of the nature of the external world as will be enabled to impose a character upon the world's constituent items: space, time, energy, and the rest: rather than such as enforces the world to receive character from considerations of what are nothing more than partially interpreted views of itself. (9) It is this conflicting situation which has led to our present radically diverging views of the power and function of the intellect. Are these mental activities capable or not capable of furnishing the kind of knowledge which we seek? Plato, who set philosophy upon its established way, asserted that the intellect was thus capable. In his famous allegory, which d picts man in the baffling pursuit of knowledge as a prisoner in an underground cave chained by legs and neck so that he might not look round to see the sun, condemned to contemplate only the shadow of his own movements cast on the wall by the firelight above and behind him, it is the intellect which has to break the chains and direct men's gaze from the shadows towards the sunlight. As has been said, philosophy received its impress from Plato. It is therefore somewhat ironical that our most modern philosophies—Bergsonianism, pragmatism, humanism, and the like, at which we have arrived via Kant and his disciples—should have grounded themselves in an ardent denial of the power of the intellect to meet its own intellectual needs. (10) Our immediate purposes, however, do not lead us to an examination of the claims of anti-intellectualism. At this late stage in philosophy's history the matter of importance is not, indeed, whether or no the intellect is competent for its own satisfaction, but rather what, if it be so, are the precise changes to be made in our attack upon knowledge in order to arrive at what we seek. (11) Our own position is that the symbolizing or intellectual instrument is adequate for the obtaining of what we want, i.e. knowledge which is real rather than "shadow" knowledge. The intellect is an organic instrument whose precise function it is to give us real knowledge. Nevertheless this instrument has, like every other instrument, laws governing the manner of its use, and its serviceability depends upon the way in which we respect these laws. If they are followed the intellect leads to "truth" and "reality," if they are violated it leads to "illusion." Our scientific conceptions and our theoretical knowledge in general are illusory because they have been arrived at by modes of procedure which violate the first law of the intellect, which is that of clear-cut, economical, radically exhaustive classification. (12) Before proceeding further it is perhaps advisable, in view of the persistency of its appearance in philosophic thought, to be more explicit about the nature of this so-called "shadow" knowledge and to make clear what we intend it should mean. We present an illustration taken from our own recent experience which, basically, follows the lines of Plato's magnificently ornate allegorical figure. Our own very modest substitute forms, we are presumptuous enough to think, a more faithful parallel to the facts of the situation than its famous and impressive prototype. The attentions of an exacting person whose age is three have for many weeks been successfully bought off by the promise and brief presentation of a daily show whose character we will indicate. A shaft of artificial light happened to fall at such an angle upon a large circular mirror that a large circular "sun" was thrown brilliantly against the ceiling. This "sun" chanced to be discovered by the small person whilst its connexion with the mirror remained undiscovered. The excitement caused by the discovery was so great, so ecstatic, and altogether absorbing that an observer was seized with an impulse to develop the "sun" as a show while still maintaining the mystery of its origin. The source of this creation was accordingly transported to convenient quarters where the spectator could be provided with a fixed seat with her back to the "works." Unlimited generosity in the matter of applause led to an amplification of our repertoire of tricks, and the introduction of a few bits of apparatus, together with a manipulation of the fingers, soon put the "sun" into possession of a population and scenery of a tolerably wide and varied range. The crucial circumstance governing the performance, however, was that the gaze of the small spectator should remain fixed upon the sun. Orpheus-like, any rearward glance was punishable by a dire penalty—the entire show being wound up at the bare hint of such a contretemps. (13) The sole merit of th s illustration is the closeness of its application. The only adjusting which it requires in order to bung it upon an identical level with the attitude of our own scientists is that the ##36 THE EGOIST March 1918 "works," in place of being bidden behind the scenes, shall be conceived as being manoeuvred innocently— or, as we have suggested, hypnotically—by the scientist himself; and of course all necessity for threat is totally absent, since the scientist finds his attentions so riveted by the hypnotism of the world-order that he is deaf to the blatantest suggestions regarding the rôle which his own organization and activities play in the creation of the panorama which preoccupies him. So much for our illustration. (14) What this hypnotism means translated into scientific theory can be summed up in the old adage about not being able to see the wood for the trees. Preoccupation with the order and items of the world, considered seriatim and piecemeal instead of as a whole, has left the scientist blind to the fact that if he will address his intellectual powers to the determining of the character of the whole in the first place, the character of the constituents of that whole can be interpreted in their correct relationships from the outset. This would entail the coinciding of the first question of science with the first question of metaphysics. The logical order of metaphysics would no longer coincide with Aristotle's placing of it "after physics." Its study would precede physics. (15) Moreover, the present exclusive question of science: "What is the order of change obtaining among the phenomena constituting the world?" would be taken precedence of and modified by the questions: "What is the character of the universe which unites all experience into one ultimate whole?" and "What is the principle of division cleaving that whole into the two exhaustive categories of organism phis its external world?" Now, as we hold, the answers to these questions are logically determined, and such as these answers are, they impose their character upon every item of experience which goes to make up the content of the external world. Our immediate task, therefore, is to furnish ourselves with the answers to these questions. (16) What is the nature of the universe or (as we have previously named the universe on account of the organically determined character of all experience) the ego? The universe as it exists for any given organism is the sum of the experience of that organism. But what is experience? Experience comprises the feeling of any given organism, and the sum of experience in any given case is the sum of feeling in that case. And feeling? Feelings are the various forms and combinations of organic movements and tensions as these present themselves to the organism which produces them. The universe, therefore, as it exists for any organism is the sum of the organic movements and tensions of the organic power which apprehends and produces it. Hence: the basic logical division of the universe into an organism plus its external world must be of a kind to cut across this sum-total of organic movement upon some definite line or principle of division. (17) A question of supreme importance now emerges: "What is this dividing principle which cleaves in twain organic movement (i.e. feeling) as a whole?" In our opinion this: Out of this total of organic movement certain movements evince a particular form of tension, which, speaking in terms of feeling, constitute that which we know as the feeling of externality. All organic activities which are infected with this particular tension group themselves (or rather have been instinctive y grouped by the symbolizing instrument of language) into a vast and radically differentiated class of feelings which constitutes the external world. The remaining organic movements, not thus infected, constitute the so-called intra-organic world. Both classes of phenomena, however, originate from within the organism, but the one exhibits in its effects a projection: commonly called its position: beyond the area of the universe's projecting nucleus—to wit, beyond the area of the organic body. (18) It appears that the first-named class of feelings are the most radical and fundamental. The awareness or feeling of external phenomena appears to be the most primary any organism has; so much so that the definition which asserts the characteristic of individual life to be the power to project an external world does not appear unjustified. What the particular form of the external world may be depends upon the particular character of the organism. There is no organism without its projected or externalized world; and there is no world which is not the expression of the particular organic powers of the body which projects it. The external world is thus the expression of the properties of the organism which experiences it. III (19) If, then, the "world" be the sum of the properties of the organic powers of the form projecting and apprehending it, in postulating any form of world what actually we postulate is an organism equipped with that particular kind of sensory—or rather motor —organization. Therefore: the study of the world will be the study of this motor organization. Our alternative conception of science will therefore base its position upon the positive fact that the universe represents the sum of felt phenomena: which, whether internal or external, are constituted of the motions of the body which feels them. This fact involves the interrelated corollaries—(1) the organic relativeness of the existence of the external world; hence (2) the denial of the absolute existence of the external world; and (3) the affirmation of the continuous existence of the individual organism. It is this last affirmation which, in the abrupt inversion of men's accepted beliefs, must become the new anchor for men's minds. Its claims will require emphasis in accordance. (20) The task of emphasizing this factor is not, on the face of it, inviting since one of the most deeply entrenched of human beliefs is that of the abidingness of the world as contrasted with the transitoriness of the individual organism. Man is accustomed to account the instinct which sees wisdom lie in "planting trees of which he can never hope to see the fruit" as that of the best of his kind. He sees himself as giving meaning to his transitory life by the one fact that it can be so lived that its works may be bequeathed to a world which existed antecedently to his own and which he expects will exist after it. How, then, in face of this accepted abidingness of the world, and this equally accepted transitoriness of organic life, can men give credence to a theory which makes the whole existence of the world contingent upon that of the organism? (21) For answer we suggest that the onus of the difficulty is to be placed upon what is merely an habitual manner of speech. That is to say, we affirm a negative aspect of a truth with great emphasis while the positive aspect, upon which the truth actually rests, receives no emphasis, but is tacitly assumed. Accordingly, when we affirm the abidingness of the world, it is not in fact the abidingness of the world at all we are taking our stand on. It is rather the abidingness of .similar forms of organic life. Hence, the notion of the continuance of the world arrives at its status of certitude only because the assumption that there will be a corresponding perpetuation of organic forms is assumed as so much a matter of certainty that its establishment may be accepted without any saying. Therefore when we say that the world endures we actually mean, but do not trouble to say, that organic life will endure. (22) So much for our belief in the world's existence after the demise of any individual organism in particular. To account for the other fact. i.e. that of the individual inheritance of a cumulative world when at its birth the individual form supervenes upon life, other elements of the situation need to be con- ##March 1918 THE EGOIST 37 sidered. There is a sense in which this phenomenon of birth becomes the seat of confusion. It obscures for us what is the full duration-period of any form of life, and tends to make us confuse the whole length with that life's brief period of particularization during which it assumes the rôle of nucleus in an individual life-form: which latter is rather a brief orgy of life's duration-period: a concentration and consummation of life's energy so intense that at each bifurcation it polarizes itself afresh into the antithesis of organism and its efflorescent external world. (23) But granting, men will say, these defects of phraseology, what we are trying to express are the two stubborn facts of individual birth and death: the facts of the organism's supervening upon and demise from a world which continues to endure. Let us consider this phenomenon of birth, entailing as it does its vast inheritance of a multiform external world. To our thinking, the element which makes this inheritance a difficulty is our ignoring of the effects upon the individual life of the incessantly bifurcating characteristic of the stream of life. Constantly these organic nuclei bifurcate, and not merely renew their strength and powers, but actually augment them in the extended branch. In general, the branch life has the powers of the parent life, and something over. Organisms not merely maintain themselves as though from some inexhaustible source under an increasing number of forms, but in the main each form inherits the parent-powers slightly increased. Thus with the unending process of bifurcation organic energy grows, not less, but more: a radical inversion of those processes of distribution with ensuing exhaustion with which we have taught ourselves to be familiar in our scientific conceptions. Hence it is clear why the existence of the worlds of the future appears assured: because the perpetuity of the stream of individual lives is assured notwithstanding the world's snuffing-out in the case of every individual organism in turn. We accordingly arrive at this position: worlds are sustained by the desire of organisms to maintain their stream in perpetuity. (24) By giving due emphasis to this fact of birth, i.e. that it is merely a means of renewing, refurbishing, and augmenting life (which latter in "nutrition" maintains itself, indeed, by a reincorporation of its own forms), we are able to give right dimensions to the duration-period of the individual life. Every existent individual life must necessarily, we see, be as old as the phenomenon of life itself: as old also as the phenomena which collectively form the external world. Hence the sense which the new individual has of being born into a matured world with which, nevertheless, it feels itself in a relation of close kinship. The dual inheritance of the universe cannot be onesided. Just as the individual human organism, for instance, born in this latter day inherits the bodily organization which through its age-long past has been slowly evolving with every new bifurcation, so, too, does it inherit the accumulated projected effects of that organization as created during its entire history. The physical organization of life being cumulative and transmissible, the character of the world is likewise cumulative and transmissible. It is in this sense only that the world has a past and can be certainly assumed to have a future. The unbroken physical development which the individual organism trails behind itself is matched—and necessarily so— by an unbroken accumulation of the items of the external world. The periods of the world and organic life are coterminous. As two faces of a single fact they emerge together and—could we conceive of annihilation—they would expire together. IV (25) The change which this logical connexion of his bases will impose upon the conceptions of the scientist will be to cause him to withdraw his gaze from the remote corners of the earth in order to fix itself upon the partially explored properties of his own vital mechanism. The bent of his curiousness about the world will return upon itself. To make use of the analogy which we offered in an earlier paragraph, it will cause him to become conscious of the location of the "works" and to take full account of the quasi-mirror-like action of his own power of movement. (26) The special sciences will then be provided with a parent philosophy or omniscience to which they will adjust themselves. Devoting themselves to their limited areas of observation, they will, however, be at no time at liberty to proceed with classifications in antagonism to the basic one which defines the relationship of the organism to its world. They will recognize that all that is in the universe is exhausted in the bracket which contains these two, and not even the subtlety and elasticity of language will have power to lift the scientist outside that bracket in order to provide himself with standing-room from whence to commandeer either of the two terms comprising the relationship and launch it upon an "absolute" career. Begard for the bracket's integrity will represent the minimum of philosophic impedimenta with which any scientist can enter upon any science. (27) From whence there will arise the possibility of a scientific knowledge capable of being interrogated with a why in addition to science's normal when, and the kind of knowledge it will give will be something more than a mere time-table and guide for the reproduction or annulment of external events. It will be such as can dimly see in all this scheme of external change and chance a basis of organic striving and desire. In the forms of the external world themselves the new knowledge will cause to emerge a connexion with that living motive which through the shaping of living forms is shaping concurrently the destinies of the universe. This fact, taken in conjunction with that power of swift modification of an organic sense provided by man's new ability to construct instruments which enlarge the scope of any given sense, renders man, even in his brief moment of individual effort, the moulder and master of the world's destiny. (This chapter is to be continued) POETS' TRANSLATION SERIES 1. (Ready) The complete poems (25) of Anyte of Tegea, now brought together in English for the first time: translated by Richard Aldington. (8 pages) 2d. net (3d. post free). 2. (Ready) An entirely new version of the poems and new fragments, together with the more important of the old fragments, of Sappho: translated by Edward Storer. (12 pages) 4d. net (5d. post free). 3. (Ready) Choruses from the "Iphigenia in Aulis" of Euripides: translated by H. D. 6d. net (7d. post free). 4. (Ready) A choice of the Latin poetry of the Italian Renaissance, many now translated for the first time, by Richard Aldington. 4d. net (5d. post free).. 5. (Ready) The Poems of Leonidas of Tarentum, now collected —and many translated for the first time in English—by James Whitall. 6d. net (7d. post free). 6. (Ready) The "Mosella" of Ausonius, translated by F. S. Flint. 6d. net (7d. post free). All the pamphlets—except the first—are twelve to twenty-eight pages long and cost 4d. or 6d. net; 5d. or 7d. post free. The series of six 2s. net post free. To be obtained from: The Egoist, Ltd., 23 Adelphi Terrace House, Robert Street, London, W.C. 2. The Second Series is unavoidably postponed. ##38 THE EGOIST March 1918 PASSING PARIS ONE of the advantages of Paris over London has always been the tobacconist's shop which sells you a stamp. But it must be allowed that the tobacco-shop's presiding genius has never facilitated the purchase of the said stamp with that affability which excuses so small an acquisition. Only necessity of the direst could induce one to make appeal to her if one happened not to be a smoker. But nowadays that latter customer has also fallen out of her good graces and nothing, not even a stamp, can annoy the dame more than to make a claim upon her professed trade. For not only is a pile of money indispensable to procure the necessaries of life, but a pile of courage also. Not a shopkeeper but seems to object to sell you his wares, and with what contempt you are constantly told that such an article has risen to some incredible price "already for a long time, a fortnight at least." A kind of swell in the tone announces mammoth figures, as though the seller's prestige increased and the buyer's insignificance decreased proportionately with the growth of the charges. So, latterly, one took comfort in the consideration that, since necessities were so unattainable, superfluities might be made to fill the voids. But the Minister of Finance completes the Minister of Food's familiarity with the economic problems by, apparently, a sound knowledge of human nature. He who was about to transfer to his intellectual delectations outlays that restrictions, scarcities, and high prices prohibited him from directing upon the more elementary of his creature comforts has been thoroughly cheated therefrom by the new scheme of taxes upon luxuries. * * * * Herein literature and works of art are a prey to the Exchequer, on the same plane with the coarsest claims of the senses. Pending the additional application of State impositions, the booksellers have decided to sell the old 3 fr. 50 volume, recently increased to 4 fr., at 4 fr. 50. It will be interesting to learn, a year hence, whether its sale will be affected by this measure and, if so, whether the higher cost will ensure a balance favourable to the trade. This is not a paltry question. The free evolution of modern French literature in the immediate future depends upon it. This 4 fr. 50 will frighten many people for a time. They will want to know how to keep flush with French literature without being obliged to make the new call upon their pockets too often. Absolute up-to-dateness will be difficult, no doubt, and often back numbers will have to be substituted for the latest publications. There are numerous cheap editions which, if the paper famine does not become too acute, permit a fair acquaintance with modern French authors and which seem to keep the balance steady between the disadvantages of the increase of price in the 3 fr. 50 volume and the repercussion upon its sale. Unluckily, they are of a format unsuited to the bookshelf and often encumbered with superfluous pictorial "attractions." Most ephemeral of these is the three-sous newspaper format of La Feuille littéraire, to which allusion has been made here several times of late. Fayard issues a series at 95 centimes (slightly increased now) entitled Modern-Bibliothèque, producing one new addition each month, wherein it is possible to read such authors as Jules Renard, Henri de Régnier, Octave Mirbeau, Eugène Montfort, Pierre Louys, Paul Hervieu, Elémir Bourges, Maurice Barres, Claude Farrère, Paul Adam, etc. La Renaissance du Livre (78 Boulevard Saint-Michel) issues handy paper-bound volumes at a couple of francs of most acceptable quality while of bookshelf format. As to the classics, these may be found in Fayard's little three-sous pocket editions, in Nillsson's 100 Chefs-d'œuvre, and in numerous other more or less lasting and useful formats. And now and again there are incredible finds such as Les Nuits chaudes au Cap Français, by Hugues Rebell (at Crès' for 1 fr. 95). *  * * Le Coureur d'Azur is a little first volume of sustained poems by Paul Aeschimann (Crès; 3 fr.), some of which have already been identified with the Mercure, as with Vers et Prose. The spirit of this sensitive work is earnest, and suggestive of a modest self-confidence. It is not "imagist," and contains inversions such as this: "Mais la terre et le temps qu'il nous faudra connaître, de leur rumeur lointaine ébranlant la fenêtre. . . ." The cover is as green as the author's native Swiss meadows. Mr. Aeschimann is of those who have fought voluntarily for France in the Légion étrangère. * * * * The legend of Renée Vivien is hardly elucidated by M. André Germain in his book on that mysterious personality (Crès, 4 fr.); but it is well he has anticipated others who might handle it with less tact and truth. This biographical attempt supplies an apt corollary to the essay on the poetry of Renée Vivien by M. Charles Maurras. While dealing with this frail character with exquisite consideration, M. Germain does not allow himself to be carried away by uncritical admiration. He almost realizes that the artist was not on a pitch with her art. This is, no doubt, one of the reasons why the writer has passed, leaving barely a trace of herself, whereas her writings are facts of permanent, already classified, import. Her judgment, except in the poetic art, was incomparably inferior to her genius; but this is discerned by the reader rather than confessed by the biographer, partial as he is to the "misunderstood" and "misunderstanding" who are apt to give vent to a drawing-room mysticism in offerings to little bronze Buddhas. M. André Germain's views on Renée Vivien's poetry are those of a connoisseur. * * * * M. Francis de Miomandre has two successors ready for his delightful Le Veau d'or et la Vache enragée. Le Voyage d'un Sédentaire will also appear at Emile Paul's; La Saison des Dupes (in collaboration with " Tommy Spark ") has appeared at Albin Michel's. La Reine de Saba, by Dr. Mardrus (Fasquelle), isr as it should be, a little world of marvels. I am told on good authority that it is one of the most delectable of books we have had for a long time. So au revoir to it. L'Intransigeant gives the war record of the "Futurists "as follows: Eight killed: Cantucci, Stojanovitch, Santelia, Erba, Casarini, Labozzetta, Cabu, Visone; ten wounded: Doro, Zuccarello, Marinetti, Formoso, Jamar, Forlai, Pigato, Gennari, Sofnei, Russolo—not to speak of Boccioni, who died under the colours. M. C. TO MY HEAD CLERK DO you know What lies under the hedgerow grass-stalks? Have you seen Where the frogs close their bronze eyes? Has the plover Screamed you a field away from her four eggs? Or has it been always thus With ledgers and a buzz of nothings? Iris Barry ##March 1918 THE EGOIST 39 LITERATURE AND THE AMERICAN COURTS THE EGOIST wishes to call the attention of its readers to a case which was recently tried in the New York Courts, and which should be of interest in England as well as America to the small public which cares for literature. Miss Margaret C. Anderson, editress and owner of the Little Review, received complaints from numerous subscribers, who reported that they had not received the October issue. On first inquiry at the post office, Miss Anderson was told that "all deliveries are likely to be slow in these days"; but inquiring again a week later she learned that the issue was held pending a decision from the Solicitor of the Post Office in Washington as to whether a certain story published in that issue was lewd and indecent. On November 8 she received a letter stating that the issue had been decided unmailable. Mr. John Quinn, the distinguished New York barrister, took up the case for Miss Anderson. We pass over a point which was clearly brought out by the prosecution—the financial loss from the suppression of an issue of three thousand copies to a review which without subsidy is struggling quite alone in America to obtain and publish only contemporary work of the finest literary quality. We merely offer for the perusal of our readers the text of the curious law under which judgment was given against the Little Review, and the words of the judge in delivering the decision: Section 211: Every obscene, lewd, or lascivious, and every filthy book, pamphlet, picture, paper, letter, writing, print, or other publication of an indecent character, and every article or thing designed, adapted, or intended for preventing conception or inducing abortion, or for any indecent or immoral use; and every article, instrument, substance, drug, or medicine, or thing which is advertised or described in a manner calculated to lead another to use or apply it for preventing conception or producing abortion, or for any indecent or immoral purpose; any every written or printed card, letter, circular, book, or pamphlet, advertisement, or notice of any kind giving information directly or indirectly, where or how or from whom or by what means any of the hereinbefore-mentioned matters, articles, or things may be obtained or made, or where or by whom any act or operation will be done or performed, or how or by what means conception may be prevented or abortion produced, whether sealed or unsealed; and every letter packet or package, or any other mail matter containing any filthy, vile or indecent thing, device or substance; and every paper, writing, advertisement, or representation that any article, instrument, substance, drug, medicine, or thing may or can be used or applied for preventing conception or producing abortion, or for any indecent or immoral purpose; and every description calculated to induce or incite a person to so use or apply any such article, instrument, substance, drug, medicine, or thing, is hereby declared to be unmailable matter and shall not be conveyed in the mails or delivered from any post office or by any letter carrier. Whoever shall knowingly deposit, or cause to be deposited for mailing or delivery, anything declared by this section to be unmailable, or shall knowingly take, or cause the same to be taken, from the mails for the purpose of circulating or disposing thereof, shall be fined not more than five thousand dollars, or imprisoned not more than five years, or both. As is well known, all public prosecution in America with regard to printed matter, whether on the ground of sedition or obscenity, is undertaken on the basis that the crime is one of abuse of the post-office facilities. In this case the prosecution was able to cite precedent to show that according to the legal interpretation much writing of the vilest tone and content fell without the scope of the law, since it had been decided that to be "non-mailable" for the reason of obscenity literature must have a "tendency to excite lust." Even on this ruling, the prosecution (Mr. Quinn on behalf of the Little Review) contended quite rightly that the short story in question had no such tendency. Judge Augustus N. Hand, in summing up, let the cat out of the bag with really injudicious candour: I have little doubt [said he] that numerous really great writings would come under the ban if tests that are frequently current were applied, and these approved publications doubtless escape only because they come within the term "classics," which means for the purpose of the application of the statute, that they are ordinarily immune from interference, because they have the sanction of age and fame, and usually appeal to a comparatively limited number of readers. The case is now closed. We need not divert our attention to the question of suppression of political opinion or the right of public interference with the prevention of undesired offspring. In America the small number of people who are sensitive to good literature are now forbidden to read one of the finest pieces of prose in the language. And America is not so far away that we need feel no concern in the matter. A writer in the New Age, commenting on this case, remarks: The story in question ["Cantleman's Spring Mate"] interests me, but I do not want it to interest my neighbours. We may reflect upon the bearings of this attitude toward literature. T. S. E. LES SAISONS III LE soir d'un jour d'été mélancolique montre un ciel pâle à travers les branches plus sombres; la pluie s'est tue comme une voix lassée, et l'odeur de la terre humide imprègne l'ombre où quelque oiseau perdu se reprend à chanter. Les cœurs sont lourds et les feuilles sont lourdes de tristesse et de pluie; mais brusquement touchés par un souffle nocturne, on les entend qui se délivrent, goutte à goutte, du poids de leur mélancolie. La lumière n'est plus qu'un peu de rouge brume au bord du ciel rejoint par l'horizon; on ne peut pas s'asseoir dans l'herbe et les perrons sont trop mouillés pour qu'on y vienne attendre un clair de lune. Qu'importe! il fera beau demain, pensent-ils, car pour eux la jeunesse est demain; ils n'ont pas le regret d'un triste jour d'été. Mais d'autres, regardant l'ombre des nuits monter comme l'ombre du temps sur leur chair anxieuse, frissonnent de sentir l'odeur de buis trempé d'une journée pluvieuse, qui les frustre du soir, où se métamorphosent la chaleur en désir et le soleil en roses emmêlées sur les seins, eux que l'été de l'an prochain, si chaud soit-il, trouvera déjà gourds, et trop vieillis déjà pour l'élan de l'amour. Paul Aeschimann Extract from Le Coureur d'Azur, by Paul Aeschimann (Crès et Cie. 3 fr.). Reproduced with the author's kind permission. NOW READY DIALOGUES OF FONTENELLE translated BY ezra pound The Egoist, Ltd. Price 1s. 3d. net; postage ljd. ##40 THE EGOIST March 1918 LIBERATIONS Studies of Individuality in Contemporary Music XII (continued). DÉODAT DE SÉVERAC, A MODERN PASTORAL POET IN MUSIC The Works of de Séverac IN the matter of his compositions, the poetic conceptions forming their basis, de Séverac is particularizedly and consistently pastoral: Cerdana: Etudes pittoresques pour piano In this sequence of tone-poems for piano, de Séverac presents a series of impressions markedly objective in matter, but which are nevertheless something more than a mere realistic chronicle. Throughout, from the first number, "En Tartane," with its curiously intimate undercurrent of exhilaration, one is aware, not merely of incidents and surroundings exciting to the emotions, but also of a highly sensitive temperament which has felt their influence acutely, and conveys their characteristics and peculiarities with a refinement of feeling which, penetrating through the confusion of the mass-impression, picks out, and gives exquisite value to, the most subtle and significant features. Most particularly is this sense of personal relation, of intimate narrative, felt in the second number, "Les Fêtes," where at times, despite the vibrant harmonic colouring, and the strong rhythmic element, one cannot but be aware of an element of reactive emotion which at times transcends the objective matter, and creates, notwithstanding the movement and élan of the music, a sense of spiritual aloofness. Traces of the same element of personal apprehension appear in the last number of the set, Le Retour des Muletiers," though here the objective impression is more immediate and dominant, the whole statement more naturalistic than in the remaining numbers. The third number, "Ménétriers et Glaneuses," while obviously veristic in intention, gives the sense of a participation in pastoral revelry not so much active as passive, in the sense of sympathetic and interested observation. Le Chant de la Terre: Poèmes georgiques pour Piano In this work de Séverac treats a conception more massive in proportions than that presented in his other piano-sets. The component numbers (Prologue; 1, "Le Labour"; 2, "Les Semailles"; 3, "La Grete"; 4, "Les Moissons"; Epilogue), form a condensed epic-cycle, in which the sequence of the matter is systematically arranged with a view to dramatic continuity, and with the obvious intention of conveying, in subdivisions, one unified conception. Here de Séverac presents a remarkable series of genre studies as vivid, objective, and experienced as, and of kindred conceptual proportions to, the vers-libres epic poems of Verhaeren, Les Villages illusoires and Les Campagnes hallucinées, but unobscured by the Belgian's subsidiary symbolic significances. Objective in treatment, the cycle presents a series of broad impressions, each complete in itself and without moralistic inference, which, by the method of their co-ordination, enable us to comprehend a particularized aspect of rural conditions. The whole work is a chant of energy, essentially modern in source and statement, the harmonic texture consisting of rich, strongly defined masses of colour corresponding to the synthetic mass-effects which have formed the composer's inspiration. En Languedoc: Poèmes pour Piano Here de Séverac deals with impressions produced by the features of a particular locality, a country teeming with the elusive beauties of form and colour, not merely interesting in isolated features, but possessing, in its peculiar attributes, a markedly evident character of its own— Languedoc, the land of "stirring hive-like working districts" of which Daudet writes, where "between the houses, narrow little gardens wander up the hill-side, tiny gardens of southern climes, faded and burned up, arid and airless, full of cactus and aloes, of tall bottle-gourds and of great sunflowers turning their full-blown faces towards the west, with the bent attitude of corollas seeking the sun, and filling the atmosphere with the sickly odour of their ripening seed," where the stony hills are "crowned with old and deserted windmills, ancient purveyors of the towns, left standing on account of their long services, the skeletons of their sails standing out against the like gigantic broken antenna?, their stones slowly loosened and scattered by the wind, the sun, and the stinging dust of the South." Here, where the whole environment breeds intimate interests, and that consciousness of personal relationships, that meditative mood which rivals the quiet religious fervour of Brittany, and where the landscapes, despite their sun-devoured nature, have such subtlety of colour-change, such quality of impression variation, and capacity for transformation that they, "bare, sterile, grey like the dusty olive-trees, assume, in the many-coloured settings of their relentless sun, a gorgeous resplendence traversed by fairy-like shadows which seem the decomposition of a ray, the slow and gradual death of a rainbow," de Séverac has moved with his great, gentle sympathy, opening his heart to its influences, apprehending its quiet, subtle nature with the intimate penetration evoked by a living, rare thing. The suite opens with one of the vibrant, kaleidoscopic mood-impressions so characteristic of de Séverac—" Vers le Mas en Fête." Here the composer seems more actively immersed in the episodes of the moment than is usual with him, the harmonic colouring being sharply contrasted and somewhat restless, the rhythmic element more incisive and dynamic than in the other, more reflective mass-impressions of de Séverac. The second number, "Sur l'Etang le Soir," is a delicate statement of a physical state, rather than the expression of reflective thought. The whole scheme of the music has a quiet, subdued beauty, the repose and refinement of feeling induced by those tranquil surroundings wherein the spirit, undisturbed by the excitement of vividly contrasted sensations, becomes perceptive of the subtler, more delicately tuned emotions which, past all formulation in speech, constitute the extreme verge of sensibility. The third number, "À Cheval dans la Prairie," is more objective, less emotional in the common sense, though a sense of quiet personal exhilaration pervades the music, and the harmonic colour, while strong and clear, is treated broadly. The fourth number, "Coin de Cimetière au Printemps," is perhaps the most intensely reflective work which de Séverac has yet written. Full of elusive colour, it yet has no vagueness: the acutely personal note keeps the music always in the domain of the actual. Nor is the sense of objectivity obscured: the poignancy with which the music is filled is not that of an abstract mood, but is the effect of a delicately poised contrast of the beauty of a southern spring, the warm life suffused in what Maurice de Guerin speaks of as "larges et liberales effusions de lumière du ciel du Midi," against the realization of that perpetual sleep which the surroundings of the composer have evoked. Colour, light, a spirit of rejuvenescence, of "things inexpressibly green" reverberates through the whole work, not arrogantly, or with any sense of cynicism or mockery, but informed throughout by a tenderness never maudlin or sentimental, which emphasizes the subtle beauty of the impression, and which only the French term pitié seems adequately to convey. In the last movement of the suite, "Le Jour de la Fête au Mas," an intensified resumption of the mood of the initial number occurs, dominated by de Séverac's characteristic use ## March 1918 THE EGOIST 41 of kaleidoscopic effects, which combine to give the impression, not only of irrepressible vitality, but also to round off the combined numbers of the suite with an emphatic reiteration of that sense of breadth and rare atmosphere which, in varying degrees, permeates each several number, that local genius, which, quoting de Guerin once more, is imaged in "the Languedoc sky, so bountiful of light, so blue, so largely vaulted." Baigneuses au Soleil In this work the physiological source of de Séverac's music, to which I have already referred, is frankly manifest. Yet the music is throughout consistently objective. There is no voluptuous effusion, no languorous sentiment: the music is a series of tonal images, so clearly defined, so comprised in pure colour and rhythm essentials as to be the nearest equivalent to Imagism in music that I know of. While acutely physical in apprehension, the mood is so accurately expressed, the sense of values and proportions so consistently maintained, that the result is an art-work of intrinsic beauty of form and rarity of content reminding one irresistibly of that other exquisite study, so close in matter, the Bathers of Cezanne. Considered in relation to the rest of de Séverac's music, it unquestionably assumes something of personally symbolic proportions, but there is nothing in the actual matter of the music to authorize our assuming this as the composer's intention. Rather must it be viewed as an affirmation of the moving force of a spirit keenly attuned to the most subtle physical influences of atmospheres and objective actuality which, by its intensity of expression and intimacy of realization, gives to the music a clarity and rarity which reveal far more than its immediate inspiration or psychological content. The Songs of de Séverac The songs of de Séverac, beautiful though they almost invariably are, seem to me not quite to reach the individual expressiveness of his instrumental work, probably because the limitation of mood-statement inevitable in treating any given literary text, together with the necessities of rhythm and colour-restriction consequent on the less plastic nature of words, and, above all, the presence of a personality extraneous to the musician and his experience, i.e. the poet, prevents the immediateness of statement which is essential to work such as that of de Séverac. Nevertheless, the tonal elaboration of the poem-mood in all de Séverac's songs is full of his characteristic sensitiveness, and contributes materially to a more penetrative comprehension of the poetic content. Moreover, the decided individual preferences of the composer, the natural emanations of his temperament, are always evident in his selection of poetic matter, so that he sets nothing to which he is not temperamentally fitted. His songs, "Le Chevrier" (P. Key), "Les Cors "(P. Bey), "Chanson de Blaisine "(M. Magre), "L'Eveil des Pâques" (Verhaeren), and "L'Infidèle" (Maeterlinck), are almost invariably of a pastoral nature, and to their matter his intimate consciousness of physical beauties gives an intensifying and informing tonal delineation which brings out the reality inspiring them in high relief, in a sense re-creates or actualizes them. Further Works In addition to the above-mentioned works, de Séverac has written an opera, Le Cœur du Moulin, which has secured an appreciative though limited public in Paris. It is a work in which all the deep sense of rustic life informing de Séverac's pianoforte works finds broader and more sustained expression, and which, by reason of the human theme, has much of his penetration exhibited in direct psychological delineation. As an operatic work I can find no other which quite touches upon the same field of expression, unless, perhaps, it be the Village Romeo and Juliet of Frédéric Delhis. The whole work leaves one with a sense of intimate understanding and clarity of vision and statement akin to that exhibited in literature by work such as Flaubert's Story of a Simple Heart. But, notwithstanding its beauty and curious individuality among operatic works, it still leaves one with something of a sense of aloofness, after hearing de Séverac's piano work, which is probably traceable to the same causes as those producing a similar effect in the songs. One of the few works in which de Séverae departs from his characteristic pastoral subject-matter is Le Soldat de Plomb, a piece for children, in which, notwithstanding the departure, the sympathetic nature and inherent simplicity of the composer have given us a wonderful little minature full of the humour and the curious, barely conscious pathos so intimately a part of childhood. The Suite pour Orgue is the one work of de Séverae in which the influence of d'Indy is markedly apparent. Yet even here, where three of the movements are of an obviously formal character, the composer has been unable to resist his natural impulses. The third number of the suite is a " Fantaisie pastorale," in which we once more discern that sense of bright imagery, of open places, and free air, of natural colour and forms, and above all that sense of light and atmosphere which, without considering anything else, have made de Séverac's music a powerful factor, both metaphorically and actually, in bringing modern French musical creation to "a place in the sun." Leigh Henry Ruhleben, Germany August 1916 PICTURES IN THE HERMITAGE IN PETROGRAD ONE of the most disputed pictures in this gallery is the Judith (112). It has passed under the names of Raphael and of Moretto. It has some relation with the women saints of Moretto in Brescia, with their full placid air, "for once calm and natural." I myself am convinced, from having seen this picture when I was in Russia, that it is a Catena. The whole manner of painting, the useless folds of drapery, the way of holding the sword, all point to Catena; and the colours are not in the least like those of Moretto. In the Querini-Stampaglia Palace in Venice there is a Judith (whose face has hardly more character than a Guercino) with a sword and the head of Holofernes. The painting is smooth and empty, though quite clever and able; the falling pale gold hair has a little the look of Palma Vecchio; it is painted with much more detail than the portrait of a man. There is neither the distinction nor the mastery of the other. There is none of the same glow, nor lighted shade. Attributed to Catena, it reminds me of Paris Bordone, especially the Doria, 277 (Venus and Mars), wholly unlike the Catena there. From Paris Bordone's Gli Amanti Veneziani (in the Brera), by far the best picture he ever did, and one in direct imitation of the fainting woman in the Casa Buonarroti in Florence. I have no doubt whatever that the Querini-Stampaglia Judith is his. The whole type and treatment of the women are strangely alike, and the plait of hair, introduced among the smooth folds, is similar in effect though differently placed on the head. There is the same expressionless wrist; the folds of the skirt are very like those of. the Judith bodice. And the landscape at the side of 187, The Baptism of Christ (so wholly different and superior to Titian's in Rome), has a considerable resemblance with the fragment of landscape seen at the side of the Judith. The placing of the features in the head ##42 THE EGOIST March 1918 of John is very like that of the cadaverous man to me right; there is the same ledge in front. Therefore, there is a resemblance between this and the one in Petrograd. The sword is curiously similar in design m both paintings; even the ruined wall, the background, are not unlike; but in St. John the Baptist s dead head there is a direr agony in the Hermitage one than in the Venetian; yet the ears are somewhat similar, with the same outline of the lace; the long nose, sunken cheeks, closed eyes, and a mass of curled black hair. Judith in the Hermitage stands with a somewhat empty elegance, fingering the sword and her drapery that bunches awkwardly about the waist and falls in crowded and too elaborate folds: which are unexistent in any of Giorgione's pictures. The left hand is wholly finikin, the leg is not only badly drawn but inexpressive. The drapery is bundled up so awkwardly, lower than the waist, so that the upper part of the body seems disproportionately long. I am wholly unable to understand phrases like "solemn grandeur of conception" and the like. It is a picture that has charm, but which is certainly not masterly in a fine way. I see in it no single suggestion of Giorgione. The folds are set and deliberate, like a draped model, carefully arranged, in metallic zigzags, therefore wholly different from the Castelfraneo drapery of the Madonna, which is quite simple, and exactly as it would fall in the natural fall of drapery. It is like German work: the figure, folds, and curious droop of the eyelids. In Bergamo (Accademica Carrara, 12645) Catena's Christ at Emmaus is very masterly, with its thin painting, few and faint colours, and splendid simplicity and 'breadth of design; which is here ascribed Scuole dei Bellini, certainly a genuine masterpiece. Compare this one with The Kneeling Knight in the National Gallery. There is a youth, feminine, with pale hair, that is a little like the Judith in the Hermitage; yet see how this youth sinks into insignificance beside the superb figure of the Knight; in the choice colouring, the perfect grace of the attitude, the shining gold of his armour and his chain-mail, in the whole execution of this Oriental creature. Taking these two pictures into consideration— perhaps the finest that he ever painted—one might as certainly assign the Petrograd Judith to Paris Bordone together with the Querini-Stampaglia Judith. Then, to invent a paradox: as for the Hermitage Judith, she would, if she could, no doubt be a Giorgione, while Moretto's more ample women would be, if they could, Veronese's. In the Ambrosiana in Milan, there is a lovely little tondo, beautiful in rhythm and quaint in design— like a piece of music. In the Poldo-Pozzoli, Botticelli's Madonna and Child is one of his most lovely pieces of decoration: the pattern of the two gold haloes, of the golden veil, of the scattered gold in the shoulder of the blue robe, and the dotted gold on its lining, and the child's gold bracelet of thorns, are all instinct with his genius. And there is a wonderful tiny glimpse of background—three dark trees in dim grass, seen through a square window. One of the greatest of Botticelli's pictures, Adoration of the Magi (painted on wood), I saw in the Hermitage in Petrograd. Clear, gem-like in colour (as in the olive-green robe of elaborate work worn by the youngest of the three Kings, who presents incense to the child), finely balanced in composition (the two lines curving up to the central arch of masonry under which Mary and the Child sit, Joseph standing, looking down on the old King's head with a broad smile)"; the firm realism of all the minute details, the minutelv painted heads, so full of expression, and with original details as in the young man who thrusts his cheek between the old man's cheek and the wall, to see better; the young man with a strange look of anguish in his eyes, who pulls at the horse's bridle: all these stand out, invested with, as in his rarer moments, a character of loveliness and energy, with his consciousness of the shadow upon it of the great things from which he shrinks: for never did he paint without some shadow of death on faces or on flesh or on flowers. The drapery is in clear solid folds, without any of the elaborate curls often found in Botticelli—done always to be natural. The Virgin's face is very characteristic, slim, gracious, with the slightly curved nose; she has a long, thin body, elongated at the waist, where she holds the child on her knees, a slender and gracious child, who looks out on the Kings and their coloured cavalcade with a quite natural simplicity. And here, as always, he captures the Greek spirit. He has the secret of the Greek rhythm, and nothing in his feeling comes to break or disturb that rhythm. Whether he paints the birth of Venus or of Christ, he has the same indifference and curiosity: each is a picture to him. Judith going home through the midst of her enemies, with the sword and olive-branch in her hand, Truth in the Calumny, Simonette in the picture in London, have all the same look of weariness, as of those who do or endure great things in a dream and are all hypnotized by the same meditation, which is really the soul of their visible beauty. And in his designs to Dante's Inferno, coiled snakes twist and voyage across certain designs and intricate arabesques, and Gorgon has a kind of morbid elegance in his curved scales; as yet there is no intimacy or subtlety in their rendering of the evil powers of Nature, nothing that does not lose rather than gain from its subject, and no accidental beauty that would not be in keeping with either Purgatory or Paradise. The Bronzine (125) represents a woman holding an enamelled vase of flowers, in which are three carnations. She has dark red hair, with pearls in it, large pearls in the ears, a pearl necklace, and a heavy rose worked in raised embroidery of extraordinary richness, almost like the wrought metal of the vase. The ground is dark blue, flowered over with a conventional design of intricate arabesques in gold and silver braid. Her face is gravely smiling; she has a fine profile; the tightly curled red hair giving almost a boyish look to the really mature features. The prominent eyes gazé with a disquieting fixity, and there is a somewhat disquieting line tightening the cheek from nose to mouth. She is vain and cruel, a beautiful idol, absorbed by the sombre consciousness of her wealth, and the beauty which has been prepared for her. In regard to the similarity of Luini, Solario, Gianpietrino, one questions oneself whether all this mystery and beauty, then, is only style, and acquired style? Intense time, when style had become a thing of such subtlety that it affects us to-day as if it were actually a part of the soul! But was there not, in Leonardo, a special quality which goes some way to account for this? Does it not happen to us, as we look at one of his mysterious faces, to seem to distinguish, in those eyes, reluctant to let out their secret, some glimpse, not of the soul, of Monna Lisa, or of the Virgin of the Rocks, but of our own, retreating, elusive, not yet recognized soul? Just so, I fancy, Leonardo may have revealed their own souls to Luini and to Solario, and in such a way that for these men it was no longer possible to see themselves without something of a new atmosphere about them, the atmosphere which Leonardo had drawn to him out of the wisdom of secret and eternal things. With men like Leonardo style is, really, the soul, and their influence on others the influence of those who have discovered a little more of the unknown, adding as it were, new faculties to the human soul. These questions lead me up to the more than questionable Madonna Lisa attributed to Leonardo da Vinci. She is very charming; the hair especially (curled in fine, close, gold curls) of the child, and his face, might almost remind one of Leonardo; and the piece of gauze ribbon across one shoulder of the ##March 1918 THE EGOIST 43 Virgin; but the Virgin's hair is done quite coarsely, and the blue background which repeats the harsh blue of the robe with absolute exactitude is both crude and vague; and the Virgin's face, in its dead white, does not show Leonardo's hand. I can well imagine that a pupil of his painted it, and that he gave a few touches to it. The difference of workmanship is, of course, unmistakable. Morelli assigns it to Bernardino de Conti. La Columbina (74), of Luini (which Morelli, who had never seen it, assigned to Gianpietrino), is one of his most adorable women. She sits in a cool green place, and it might seem beside water, for beside her head droop long sprays of maidenhair, and behind her, at the other side, a simple green fern. She holds a spray of delicate grey-blue columbine in her left hand by her shoulder, looking down at it with a smile in which is the subtle simplicity of all those cool, faint, watery things; her other hand cherishes a spray of white flowers on her knees. Her inner robe of white gauze, adorned with a faint yellow pattern in delicate angles, has fallen down over one breast, in spite of the clasp of jacinth which supports it; a dark blue robe is thrown across her shoulder and covers her lap. You just see that her left hand rests on a ledge of the rocky and reedy place where she sits. Her dark red hair is parted in the middle over a placid forehead; it is tightly curled in front, and braided across the head. In her quiet, smiling, pale face, in her cool, languid hands, which touch the flowers and leaves as if they loved them, she is one into whose veins has passed the spirit of leaves and ferns and running water. Next to her (75) is a Virgin and Child—a rather small picture, not immediately impressive, but full of charm; the thin hollow Virgin who leans her sad head on the red curls of the child who holds out his hand for the spray of trefoil which she holds between her elaborately bent fingers. White flowers and dark green leaves shine out of the background in that favourite decorative way of Luini. There is something pathetic in the youthful, drooping slenderness of the Virgin, whose almost closed eyes seem already weary—the forehead already marked with painful hollows. She is a young girl, on whom the weight of things almost too heavy to be borne has come early. How unlike the quaint little peasant (71) who smiles as a good little peasant might on the child in her arms—a peasant who had been refined by some divine intercourse, but remains the peasant. Near these (72) is a St. Catherine with two angels, one holding the just-seen wheel. She has starred daisies in her hair, beneath the halo (worked like a golden platter); she is elaborately robed in warm red and purple and dark green, with simple yet rich ornaments of running golden lines; her delicate ruddy hands hold a red book of stamped leather, in which she reads, perhaps of some martyrdom, such as she is to suffer, calmly, though with an almost bitter smile drawing her thin lips out to their full length. Her face is ruddy, but with shadows in the thin cheeks, about which the hair falls in thick curls along its delicate oval. She has the heavy Luini eyelids, half shut. Sumptuous, delicate, a little fantastic in her abstraction among these rich and beautiful things, she is a princess, who has read much, and pondered over many mysteries of thought and love, and is a little lonely in her palace. In her unsparing face, resolute, fatal, she is one of the most perfect of Luini's figures I have ever seen. St. Sebastian (73), said to have been done after Maximilian Sforza, is a large and grave bearded man, leaning against a flowering lemon-tree, surrounded by broken darts and transfixed by three. It has the air of a portrait—an almost academic study of the nude. The face is grave, sad, patient, experienced; the colour sombre and almost uniform. There is no anguish on his face. So sombre, with a curious breadth and largeness about it, it might be Marsyas or Prometheus who hangs there, filling the space of dim woods in which he stands. The tree-trunks are just visible in the shadow, and the branch of lemon-leaves with one lemon standing out at the side in Luini's manner. Above his head, on the other side, is a scroll to which he points with his fettered hand. A spray of trefoil lies at his feet among the broken darts. One observes the serious harmony of his smooth brown flesh, with the drab striped loin-cloth with its elaborate edging, which plays so important a part in the simple, original composition of the picture. It is remarkable for its abandonment of the traditional ascetic anguished youth (as, for instance, in Titian's rendering beside it). There is something of the effect of slow music in its grave harmony, the self-absorbed face, the patient gaze, the whole decorative composition. Arthur Symons VERSE PLEASANT AND UNPLEASANT* VERSE stands in constant need of what Samuel Butler calls a cross. The serious writer of verse must be prepared to cross himself with the best verse of other languages and the best prose of all languages. In Georgian poetry there is almost no crossing visible; it is inbred. It has developed a technique and a set of emotions all of its own. In the present volume there are exceptions; Mr. Squire's "Lily of Malud" rises from the mud with a good deal of sweat and blood, but is an original and rather impressive poem which deserves better company. Most of the authors (including the fresh recruits) are truer to type. Mr. Stephens's "A Visit" has a kind of odd humour which must be pleasing to the adept, but is unintelligible to any one who has not substituted Georgian emotions for human ones. There are, of course, differences between the writers: Mr. Stephens's syntax is not quite the same as Mr. Drinkwater's, and still more different from Mr. Turner's. What nearly all the writers have in common is the quality of pleasantness. There are two varieties of pleasantness: (1) The insidiously didactic, or Wordsworthian (a rainbow and a cuckoo's song); (2) the decorative, playful or solemn, minor-Keatsian, too happy, happy brook, or lucent sirops. In either variety, the Georgians caress everything they touch; Mr. Monro does it far better than the others, and more intelligently; The Egoist has praised the volume (Strange Meetings) from which the selections in this anthology are taken. Another variety of the pleasant, by the way, is the unpleasant (sc. Rupert Brooke on sea-sickness, and Masefield on various subjects). I cannot see the resemblance to Tennyson which people often remark in Georgian poetry. I do not care to pose as a champion of Tennyson, and Mr. Chesterton's approval makes one uneasy about him. But Tennyson was careful in his syntax; and, moreover, his adjectives usually have a definite meaning; perhaps often an uninteresting meaning; still, each word is treated with proper respect. And Tennyson had a brain (a large dull brain like a farmhouse clock) which saved him from triviality. The subject given (airy fairy Lillian) he took it lightly, but as a serious study in technique. Mr. Stephens takes a trivial subject ponderously; only the technique is without seriousness. And the bell rings loud, and the Railway whistles urgently. So I stared at the night, and she Stared back solemnly at me. Tennyson to the Rev. Frederick Dennison Maurice is better than Mr. Sassoon to Mr. Graves. Mr. Sassoon has a talent for satire, but for political rather than literary satire. Mr. Turner is not very * Georgian Poetry, 1916-1917. Edited by E. M. The Poetry Bookshop. 4s. net. Wheels, A Second Cycle. B. H. Blackwell, Oxford. 2s. 6d. net. ##44 THE EGOIST March 1918 happy in his adjectives. He weakens one of them by a superlative ("frieze on whitest marble"); his silence is naked, pure, grave, and unbroken; and ne is at no pains to avoid sibilants: Giant, breathless pal Azaleas, clematis and vines, Whose quietness great trees becalms . . . Mr. Squire slips in, referring to a house as a "mean edifice." Mr. Nichols effects a rhetorical balance: Whose voice would mock me in the mourning bell, Whose face would greet me in hell's fiery way. Mr. Graves has a hale and hearty daintiness. Mr. Gibson asks, "we, how shall we . . ." etc. Messrs. Baring and Asquith, in war poems, both employ the word "oriflamme." Mr. Drinkwater says, "Hist!" Mr. Freeman has some power, and his "Stone Trees," if it were condensed, would be a striking image. Wheels is a more serious book. It is not Mr. S. P. B. Mais's sort of poetry at all; these are not the good boys of the Sixth Form. The book as a whole has a dilettante effect, refreshing after the schoolroom. The authors are certainly conscious of the fact that literature exists in other languages than their own. While the Georgians have the appearance of ignorance, the Cyclists have a little the air of smattering. Instead of rainbows, cuckoos, daffodils, and timid hares, they give us garden-gods, guitars and mandolins, Lancret rather than Watteau, though they seem to have thrown Pierrot overboard. They need Catullus, Homer, Heine, Gautier; they have extracted the juice from Verlaine and Laforgue. Osbert Sitwell: "Fountains," with the exception of a few adjectives, is a success. "Promenades" is not tight enough, the best point unfortunately occurs in the middle ("rich retired provincial mayors"—the "rich" is superfluous). "Prospect Road" tends to dissolve into its constituent adjectives and substantives, and "gigantic" should not be followed by "immense" in the next line. "The Return of the Prodigal" is good in conception, but is kept up by artificial respiration; and perhaps this sort of thing may be left to John Rodker. "London" shows Mr. Sitwell in risk of becoming descriptive. "Promenades," however, indicates a real speciality for him. Aldous Huxley: It is difficult to tell what he is really like. He has come down with a serious attack of Laforgue (which may be a very good thing), and we must wait until he has worked it off. Sacheverell Sitwell: The most important and most difficult poet in the volume. In fact, the best that has appeared for several years. "The Feathered Hat" is a very unusual poem—we are apparently the first review intelligent enough to perceive this. In "The Mayor of Murcia" Mr. Sitwell rambles a bit, and he should not have allowed "blossoms of the sea" to appear. He has an idiom which looks at first sight like rhetoric, and one finds with a shock that the words have values. He tends in his weaker moments to fly off like a beautiful but ineffectual aeroplane, beating its propeller vainly in a tree, but when he has a definite concrete sensation, as in "The Feathered Hat," he is all right. Iris Tree: The most mature of the lot: on a much smaller scale than the writer just mentioned, but established. She does not need to be told what her line is. "Ballad" is very good, and really light. "Black Velvet" is very good. But "Imposture" should be compared with Mr. Pound's "Piccadilly" (at the end of "Personae"); he has done it in a third the space; this is a cut above Miss Tree. Edith Sitwell: Does several sorts of thing. "From the Balcony" is overloaded, and conveys no clear image. "Saul" gets a large slow-moving finale which is effective, but the fragment ought not to have appeared until the poem was finished. I think that her speciality should be the mordant, as in "Messalina at Margate"— steam of food Goes upward like the rich man's soul to God. Helen Rootham: Would find safety in brevity. The last two poems are quite worth a place: if from "The Nun" are omitted lines 2, 6, 11, 12, 15, 16; and if the first four lines of "Song" are printed alone. apteryx THE FRENCH WORD IN MODERN PROSE IX. FRANCIS DE MIOMANDRE MONSIEUR DE MIOMANDRE is not a jeune, though he be young, as few ever are, most emphatically and peculiarly. His output is by now important.* Nota single page in his writings bears the trace of a date. When you look at the man, a little eltin person, you wonder what his age may well be and fail to conjecture. When you read his books you gather the impression that, though he grasps life, life has not absorbed him: that he is detached, that he knows the world from aloof and is, therefore, not exactly of it; that he is wise and on his guard but not blasé or sceptical. (Scepticism must be loathsome to him.) His novels are, in one way, very different from those of his contemporaries in any country. Extremely pure in subject-matter, they radiate a much more important feature—purity of mind. I do not allude to an absence but to a presence. I do not mean Miomandre's novels contain less than those of others, but that their purity brings an additional element to their value. Francis de Miomandre is the most purely intentioned novelist in France to-day. He is no moralizer and flourishes no cant about love for humanity or truth or anything vague, vain and intangible of the kind, but he is himself all tenderness, tolerance, and uprightness. He can hate, however, and his likes and dislikes are much as were those of Charles Dickens, whose partiality for the grotesque he also shares, with just that attenuation natural to the more sensitively attuned, more low-toned French nature. M. de Miomandre is a writer of comedy in the sense that Molière was. But he has over and above Molière, and in common with the greatest, a faculty for the expression of tragedy. When his comedy is a mask for mute misery or lurking calamity, as in Le Veau d'or and, more conspicuously, in Thérèse Beauchamps, M. de Miomandre transmutes himself into bittersweet Pierrot, not disdaining even buffoonery as the complement to tragedy. His last book, Le Veau d'or et la Vache enragée, is a collection of freakish characters evolving in freakish circumstances. His charming and pathetic little bourgeoise, Thérèse Beauchamps, loves a Chinaman, even two Chinamen, one for the sake of the other. Without just that dose of animadversion which gives accent and the sense of caricature Au Bon Soleil might have been dull; instead, it is as diverting as it is deft—this scathing gallery of character-sketches taken from life. In L'Ingénu is a scene, that of the two ladies who meet at midnight in Patrice de Céreste's house, which is one of the most delicately manipulated complications in the archives of comedy. In all these books a certain number of sympathetic characters, for whom their creator entertains evident affection, contrast with a certain number of odious or ridiculous silhouettes in whom lie is either deeply interested or whom he openly scorns. Among M. de Miomandre's peculiarities is self-knowledge. If he entitles one of his books L'Ingénu it is because he realizes that, ingenuousness being natural to him, it is a possession valuable and to be drawn upon. When Patrice de Céreste says, "Je ne dis jamais, je vous le jure, que ce que je veux dire et m'efforce d'exprimer le plus clairement possible tout ce que je pense," he is speaking for himself and might * Les Reflets et tes Souvenirs, poésies; Visages, critique; Ecrit sur de l' Eau, roman; Le Vent et ta Poussière, roman; Figures d'Hier et d'Aujourd'hui, critique; L'Ingénu, roman; Au Bon Soleil, dialogues; Histoire de Pierre Pons, Pantin de Feutre, roman pour les enfants; D'Amour et d'Eau fraîche, contes; L'Aventure de Thérèse Beauchamps, roman; Le Vea u d'or et la Vache enragée, roman. ##March 1918 THE EGOIST 45 use the phrase as motto for his work. He does not jest—as he loves to do—to evade sincerity but to convey it. Francis de Miomandre is an incomparable conteur. As stories his tales are quaint enough, but it is in the wonder of their telling—as though each were a fairytale—that they score. Compared with M. Henri de Régnier—and the parallel is not incongruous— M. de Miomandre differs not only by his freer originality, his spirituality and his almost English and scarcely French humour, but also by his participation in the characters and scenes described, breathing a warmth and an inner excitement and showing a farsightedness absent in his senior's marble narratives. M. de Régnier, moreover, is only occupied with appearances, while to Francis de Miomandre an appearance is always a symptom. Had he not been a novelist of the most outstanding professional skill (see the artfulness of the conclusion to Le Veau d'or) and a happy teller of tales he would have expressed himself in poetry. Had he not been a poet he would have been concerned with metaphysics. The prose-poem which raises the curtain on An Bon Soleil will most accurately and seductively show that M. de Miomandre's qualities are superiorities of mind as well as of craft. Here are its concluding lines in the beautiful curves of the original text: Maurice rêve. Comme il est loin des soucis de la vie du jour, des pensées d'un Français de notre siècle, des pensées d'un homme quelconque des villes! Il n'est plus un homme mais, dégagé de son corps dans la mesure où ce corps le gênerait, engagé en lui dans la mesure où il peut par lui prendre mie conscience plus complète de son bonheur naturel, il est une sorte d'âme planante, diffuse, panthéiste, légère, délicieusement flottante dans le paysage. Par quels organes des sens inconnus, par quelles antennes invisibles va-t-il là-haut toucher cette feuille de chêne, contractée, craquante, magique, qui persiste à sa branche depuis le dernier automne? se rouler dans le gazon de la plaine qui luit, émeraude molle, à deux lieues plus bas? caresser les plumes lisses et le ventre tiède de ce vif oiseau bleu-paon qui jaillit d'un buisson de ronces et retombe dans un cyprès? prier dans l'église de village qui semble, dans la verdure grise des oliviers, la proue d'une nef de pierre engagée dans des récifs mystérieux, arrêtée net? plonger dans l'étincellante coulé de mercure qu'est, tout au loin, l'anneau de la mer et revenir, ah! revenir pour s'enfoncer en une folle, une immobile, une prodigieuse extase, dans le calice de cette rose, de cette rose pâmée au sommet de sa branche épineuse, contre le ciel, à même l'azur profond: vermeille, ardente, flamboyante parmi le bleu du firmament? Mme. Colette may be able to keep up with the outer form of this, but M. de Miomandre leaves her far behind in feeling and vision. The difference between a nature-scene described by the two writers is the difference between a still-life by Renoir and one by Odilon Redon. Muriel Ciolkowska THE NEW GOD WHENEVER people ask loudly enough for a new thing, they are always granted one, though it is to be doubted if they are ever completely satisfied. For some time past, various people have been clamouring for a new religion, without seeing that a new one was being born under their noses. Mr. H. G. Wells, Sir Oliver Lodge, Professor Sugimori, and hoc genus omne are hereby respectfully invited to throw their books of philosophy into the Thames and to subscribe once and for all to a good mewspaper. Our newspapers, not our sons, have shown us God; and they have even begun to spell His name in capital letters. The New God is the Tank. Like most of the other Gods, His birth was somewhat ridiculous. The part taken by Winston Churchill therein has never been sufficiently cleared up. But His progress since that event has been nothing short of miraculous. The Tank has already travelled farther in the last two years than any other organism. One reads of His appearance in France, in England, in America. The imponderable barriers of passports, military permits, customs regulations—more potent than barbed wire and machine-guns—are not for Him. He has already appeared in Palestine, and perhaps has already entered Jerusalem in triumph or is about to do so. A captured specimen has, we understand, invaded Germany, and has roused the phlegmatic Boche to a pitch of blood-thirstiness before which Hindenburg's wooden statue in the Sieges-Allée was seen to totter visibly. And as for London, have we not seen Him hold His court in Trafalgar Square, and are we not about to do so again? Nor is this all. The Tank has collected millions for the Cause in England already. How many millions I do not know. The sum increases every day. Here we see the miraculous element clearly at work. The widow's mite becomes thousands on thousands of pounds. And for all this money, the Tank gives us a piece of stamped paper, bearing His promise to pay us interest for the space of several years. Writers continually hymn for us His virtues. Short stories, sonnets are dedicated to Him. His picture appears everywhere in our papers. Artists paint Him as he appears upon the battlefield, and inventive children experiment with model Tanks of wood and cardboard. But the Censorship jealously keeps his interior a mystery. Truly the Tank has seized upon our imaginations, so that He has already become a living symbol for all that is profound and relentless and great—He is already the Archetype of the new dispensation. Before the Tank, there was the Zeppelin, which baptized us all with flame. But the head of the Zeppelin was brought to London upon a platter—I mean a lorry. Now the kingdom of the Tank is preached, and all men press forward to attain it. When the Tank wearies of performing His miracles with money, He may give us other miracles. He may, for example, go about the streets to the houses of food-hoarders and force them to disgorge for our benefit. In this way the miracle of the loaves and fishes will be repeated. Is there, in fact, a limit to the power of this new God? There is only one; He is somewhat slow and unwieldy. But this can be avoided, if the Tank will surround His person with troops of aeroplanes. The aeroplane cannot be our God; at the most, it can only be His angel. Let the Tank therefore guard Himself with aeroplanes. "To thee biplanes and triplanes continually do cry." Let no one think this is mere irreverence. It is a fact that we need some new form of religion. Wells, Lodge, and all the rest are but symptoms of that. It is also a fact that the ceremony of buying war bonds from the Tank is a religious ceremony. It is preached to us as a duty, and I have seen it carried out with reverence, to the strains of the Coldstream Guards band. For the rest, every one—even the devil, is permitted to quote scripture; or at least so Shakespeare says. And if Father Vaughan, who calls himself a servant of Christ, is not ashamed to take his stand on the top of the Tank, and to preach to the assembled multitude, neither am I. I confidently expect that prayers for the success of the next Tank war-bond campaign will be offered in our Churches. The Tank, in fact, is now an Institution; and if this is but the beginning, where will the Tank end? I cannot tell; and if you, casual reader, can, I do not envy you. This much is certain. The toil and struggle of a great age of mechanical invention have culminated at last in devices of supreme destructive and annihilatory power. Among these there is nothing which, either by its appearance or by its legendary powers, ##46 THE EGOIST March 1918 has aroused more interest than the Tank. Even in this age of rapid oblivion the Tank has, by the exercise of a commanding personality, captivated many imaginations. It is true that aeroplanes produce something of the same effect. But aeroplanes are becoming too common. Whenever Behemoth pays us a visit, the visit is an event. On the last night of the last visit of the Tanks to London I was in Trafalgar Square, which was brilliantly illuminated with calcium reflectors. I could not help going back in my mind to the London I have not forgotten, but which is now only a memory, the London of four years ago. Then there were lights for all; now only the Tank has lights. And as I looked at the crowds still pressing forward to obtain the coveted bits of stamped paper, I could not help reciting to myself this verse: "Consider the Tanks of the battlefield: they toil not, neither do they spin; yet Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these." J. G. Fletcher FIRST LOVE IT was half-past three in the afternoon of a dry day in late October. There had been a meet of the harriers at Ketchem's Inn that morning. Alphonse had been walking, running, and standing about for the last five hours, and was now walking home across the fields. He came out of a thick wood of Scotch firs, very neatly hedged in, and provided with a stile over which he had to climb, mounted a short grass slope, and then stood for a moment on the top of a sunny hill. The sun was rather low in the cloudless sky, and the valley was in shadow; there was a slight mist in the distancera hint of coining frost in the air, and the subtle smell of a bonfire far down the hill. There was no wind, and the only sound all round him was a distant chopping of wood. The harriers had gone miles away to the right, so that the monotonous wail of the horn could no longer be heard. Towards the left, about a mile away, was his own home; and below him was a large, square, drab, ugly house, standing in wide, well-kept gardens and among many little woods, too neat for beauty, in which half-tame pheasants were carefully preserved to be shot. There lived his first love. When he came out into the road which led past her home, he turned round from shutting a gate and looked straight into her laughing eyes. She had just come back from a walk with her big yellow St. Bernard dog; she wore a rather short red skirt and brown boots. The colour of her jacket was lost to him, and so was speech. She said: "Short cuts again? " He blushed furiously. That was a reference to a meeting with her a week ago. He had gone a long way out of the direct road from a friend's house, where he had been lunching, to his home, on purpose to meet her, and then foolishly said that he was making a short cut. Then she began to talk of hunting, and how lameness of her horse prevented her from hunting. And then she asked him to come in to tea. "You must be hungry, not having had anything to eat since nine o'clock! Would yon like some meaty thing?" But, instead of refusing on the evident and sufficient grounds of muddiness and weariness, the silly boy refused all manner of ment, wont into the drawing-room, shocked her mother by his large and muddy boots, was regaled with a cup of rather nice tea and some unsatisfying bread and butter and cake, and did not think of any brilliant or even tolerable conversation until ho was well fed. at home, and out of the presence of his beloved. * * * * They had known each other since childhood, but it was not until he had left his Public School, in the previous July, that he first began to love her. One day, she and he were asked to tennis at somebody's house. When he arrived she was watching a set. She was standing close to a low fence made of wood and wire netting that surrounded the court; and he went up to her: she was almost the only person there whom he knew at all well, except some boys—and just then he hated all boys with the bitter hatred that a Public School sometimes produces, and which it takes a University to overcome. At first she seemed rather shyly interested in him. But she was a year older than he, and had just begun to cultivate a society manner. And the old intimacy was checked, and then he looked up at her . . . and she looked away, and he looked down, and there was an awkward silence. Then she looked back, and a note of slight excitement and growing self-confidence came into her voice. And there was a new feeling in his breast, as if his heart was being very, very gently rained upon by warm rain. . . . And he played tennis atrociously, and he wanted to say: "Love fifteen, love thirty, love forty," when he was serving, and he might have done so truthfully, but was afraid of betraying his secret to the onlookers. And then he walked home across the fields in the evening sunshine, and kept making little excursions into the mowing grass, and hit off the heads of dandelions with long sweeps of his racket, and once, after looking carefully all round him, he sang. . . . Then something reminded him of Schubert's " Ständchen," and he whistled that again and again. And so he came home to a new house and new people whom he recognized as father and mother and brothers and sisters, but they did not know his secret. Nobody did except himself, and he felt wise and happy. * * * * There was a little stream that flowed about five hundred yards below her home. He found that he could only get a good view of the gate out of which she came with her dog for a walk, while he himself was hidden, if he stood in the middle of the stream. He used to stand in the stream for nearly an hour almost every other day. He saw her come out about twice a week, with her sister and her dog; but only rarely had he courage to go and meet her. Once she passed near him, and he scrambled out of the stream. She called to him, and he went out for a walk with them. His boots made a squashy sound as he walked, and so he said: "Slipped in the stream!" She did not answer for some time. Then she stopped and blushed, and pointed to a field-path and said: "Go home at once and change your boots. And do not . . ." here she swallowed a little laugh, ". . . slip in again!" And then she added in a lower, amused, and tender voice: "I saw you 'slip' in for quite a long time on Monday. I was fishing a hundred yards farther up." And then she got quite serious. "I suppose I ought to have shouted or something to let you know; but . . ." and she broke off. * * * * There was an elm-tree which grew in the little valley beside the stream, and one afternoon he cut on it her initials enclosed in a heart-shaped frame. Then he rubbed some earth into the white cuts to make them look old. He wanted her to see it but he dared not tell her the truth; so he asked her casually one day if she had carved her name on that tree. Some days afterwards she told him that she had been to look, and she thought that she must have carved those initials herself when she was a small child, trying to copy something she had read ##March 1918 THE EGOIST 47 about in a book. She was so evidently unsuspicious of anything else . . . and for some reason he felt bitterly disappointed. * * * * One day she picked a tea-rose and fastened it in his button-hole. Of course he preserved it carefully: he kissed it reverently, and put it into a box by itself that very evening, before it had begun to fade. And then he composed—it was his first serious attempt at verse—a sentimental and appallingly bad stanza on this flower, supposed to be faded: Only a rose, a faded one, Discoloured by merciless time; Its scent is gone, yet there lingers A memory sweet of those fingers, Of a hand which placed it in mine, Of a face and form so divine, . . . and beyond that inspiration refused to move. Genuine love is never ridiculous, but sometimes it looks perilously like it. * * * * Towards the end of November his father suddenly had the quaint idea of having dinner at half-past six so that he could work at archaeological books and old memoirs that he got from the London Library from half-past seven till nine. Then came tea and many biscuits—for everybody was hungry again—and then, perhaps, a short game of chess before bed. He began evening walks to her house then. It was just over a mile away, so that, if he walked fast, he could watch outside the house for nearly fifty minutes for a candle in her room. He would open his father's front door quietly and run down the steep, curving drive between the laurel-bushes and the rhododendrons, open the eccentric gate with an arrangement of pulleys and a weight, which his father had designed, which never fulfilled the function of shutting itself for which it was designed, and which was much too heavy for its hinges. Then came a lightening of heart at the thought that already about a thirtieth—the same fraction that a day is of a month—of the distance was covered; and then a quarter of a mile of dark lane that was always muddy. Then he passed the edge of the little country town of which his father was Vicar, and then there was under a mile of broad dry high road, sloping down into the valley on the side of which she lived. The broad road shone faintly white under November stars and led into November mist, and the cold, raw air filled his lungs, and love filled his heart, and he was warm and half dreaming and his body seemed so light and he whistled Schubert's "Ständchen" much too loudly . . . and he was happy. They dined at eight, and sometimes her room was illuminated at first, and then the candle was blown out and the house looked out into the night with black, sightless eyes. . . . Some of the lower windows showed thin lines of light between the shutters. . . . One night it was rainy and very windy. The house was in darkness, but as he stood under a tree near the garden a faint yellowish-red light came into her room, vanished, came again, and then vanished altogether. . . . Her bedroom door had been blown to and fro by the wind, and had let in and then shut out the light from the passage outside. . . . And then he used to walk home, and came into the unreal, bright, warm drawing-room, and his eyes ached at first after being used to the darkness, and he drank very hot tea, and played chess dreamily. ... He was full of the wonders of the night. . . . * * * * He never kissed her and never spoke a word of love to her, and, next October, he went up to Cambridge, and kissed her photograph—that he himself had taken—every night . . . for a week, and never saw her again. J. CORRESPONDENCE To the Editor of The Egoist Madam,—I shall be grateful to you if you will allow me to state in your columns (in response to numerous inquiries) that to the best of my knowledge and belief Captain Arthur Eliot, joint author of " The Better 'Ole," is not, roughly speaking, a member of my family.— Yours, etc., T. S. Eliot Little Tichester, Bucks ANNOUNCEMENTS ULYSSES The appearance of Mr. James Joyce's new novel, Ulysses, announced to start as a serial in the current issue of The Egoist, is unavoidably postponed owing to unexpected difficulties in regard to the printing. TARR We hope that Mr. Wyndham Lewis's novel, Tarr, which ran serially in The Egoist from April 1916 to November 1917, will be ready in book form before the end of April. A PORTRAIT OF THE ARTIST AS A YOUNG MAN The second edition of the above book, by Mr. James Joyce, is now ready. Price 4s. 6d. net. Peasant Pottery Shop 41 Devonshire Street, Theobald's Road, W.C. (Close to Southampton Row) Interesting British and Continental: Peasant Pottery on sale: Brightly coloured plaited felt Rugs POETRY Edited by HARRIET MONROE A Magazine of Verse One Year (12 Numbers) U.S.A. $2.00; Canada, $2.15; Great Britain, 9/- "The magazine that rightfully stands at the head of the new movement."—New York Sun. "The livest art in America to-day is poetry, and the livest expression of that art is in this little Chicago monthly." New York Tribune POETRY was the first of the special magazines to be published in America, and is still the most important. It is endowed by lovers of the art in Chicago and elsewhere, and is thus enabled to pay its contributors and to give annual prizes. During its five years of existence it has printed the best current poetry from both sides of the Atlantic, and its comments and reviews follow what is being done in America, England, and elsewhere. All interested in the art should subscribe to POETRY POETRY, 543 Cass Street, Chicago, U.S.A. Enclosed find Nine Shillings for one year's subscription. Name.............................................................................................................................- Address......................................................................................................................... ##48 ____The Egoist March 1918 PRUFROCK By T. S. ELIOT WESTMINSTER GAZETTE: A poet who finds even poetry laughble, who views life with a dry, cool derision and comments on it with the true disengagement of wit. He is not even the Imagists whom he seems at first sight to follow. ... He writes in an apparent vers libre which has a decidedly rhythmical effect; his handling of language is pointed and often brilliant. NEW STATESMAN: Mr Eliot may possibly give us the quintessence of twenty-first century poetry. Much of what he writes is unrecognizable as poetry at present, but it is all decidedly amusing. ... He has a keen eye as well as a sharp pen and draws wittily whatever his capricious glance descends upon. DAILY NEWS: A witty and dissatisfying book of verse . . . which flourishes many images that are quite startling in their originality. SOUTHPORT GUARDIAN: One of the moderns; an imagist; an impressionist. . . Inevitably as impressions these poems are very unequal. Some are strangely vivid. LITERARY WORLD: The subjects of the poems, the imagery, the rhythms, have the wilful outlandishness of the young revolutionary idea. . . . With him it seems to be a case of missing the effort by too much cleverness . . . the strangeness overbalances the beauty. THE EGOIST, LTD. (1/ ~ net; postage 1d.) EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor of The Egoist should be addressed to 23 Adelphi Terrace House, Robert Street, London, W.C.2. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Yearly, 6/6; U.S.A. $1.60. Six months, 3/3; U.S.A. $ .80. Three months, 1/9; U.S.A. $ .40. Single copies 7d., post free to all countries. Cheques, postal and money orders, etc., should be payable to The Egoist, Limited, and crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." ADVERTISEMENT RATES. Per page £4. Quarter page £1 Is. Od. Per inch single column, 4s. Half rates after first insertion. All advertisements must be prepaid. A PORTRAIT OF THE ARTIST AS A YOUNG MAN By JAMES JOYCE (Second edition, 4s. 6d. net.; postage. 4d.) PRUFROCK By T. S. ELIOT (1s. net; postage, Id.) DIALOGUES OF FONTENELLE Translated by EZRA POUND (Is. 3d. net; postage, lid.) Please send me__-- __for which I enclose- Name.---- Address____-—- Orders, accompanied by Remittance, should be sent to the publishers, THE EGOIST, Limited. The Little Review " THE MAGAZINE THAT IS READ BY THOSE WHO WRITE THE OTHERS " The following Authors have contributed or will contribute to the current volume (begun May 1917): W. B. YEATS (14 poems) LADY GREGORY (complete play) FORD MADOX HUEFFER (prose series) ARTHUR SYMONS (complete play) WYNDHAM LEWIS (regularly) T. S. ELIOT EZRA POUND (London Editor) ARTHUR WALEY (translations from the Chinese) "jh." MARGARET ANDERSON, Editor Yearly Subscription: England, 7/-; U.S.A., $1.50 THE LITTLE REVIEW 24 West 16th Street, New York City, U.S.A. 5 Holland Place Chambers, London, W.8 Enclosed please find Seven Shillings for one year's subscription.................. Name.................................. Address................................ THE CONTEMPORARY SERIES IMAGES-OLD AND NEW By Richard Aldington The only volume of verse by one of the most important contemporary poets. FIVE MEN AND POMPEY By Stephen Vincent Benet A series of dramatic portraits, being moments in the lives of Sertorius, Lucillus, Cicero, Caesar, Crassus, and Pompey, outlining the drama of the Republic's fall. THE ENGLISH TONGUE By Lewis Worthington Smith War poems—a group of inspiring and fiery lyrics of the modern ballad type. HORIZONS. By Robert Alden Senborn A first volume of poems in which many critics see unmistakable signs of genius. JUDGMENT. By Amelia J. Burr Play in one act in verse, by the author of The Roadside Fire. A poignant tragedy of Salem witchcraft days. THE HOMECOMING By Paul Eldridge Two one-act plays of the Great War. Each volume about 5 by 7 inches; printed on heavy antique paper; bound with coloured wrapper over boards; covers ornamented with designs. Send for complete descriptive catalogue. Price 60 cents each at all booksellers. Postage extra. For sale at The Poetry Bookshop, London. THE FOUR SEAS COMPANY, Publishers Cornhill, Boston, U.S.A. Printed at The Complete Press, West Norwood, and published by the Proprietors, The Egoist, Limited, at 23 Adelphi Terrace House. Pvobert Street, Adelphi, London, W.C.2##