The Crisis . The CRISIS OVERSEAS NUMBER 10 c per copy MARCH 1919 $1.00 per year "We Are Coming, Father Abraham, One Hundred Thousand Strong!" During the darkest days of the Civil War, when the fate of the nation hung in the balance, Abraham Lincoln issued a call for volunteers to save the Union. The rousing answer came: "We Are Coming, Father Abraham, One Hundred Thousand Strong!" Today Democracy is threatened by lynching, disfranchisement, "Jim-Crowism," and race prejudice. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, taking up Lincoln's cause and fighting to complete the work begun by the Great Emancipator, sends out a call for volunteers. "100,000 Members by the Tenth Anniversary" is our slogan. When the Association holds its Tenth Annual Conference in Cleveland, Ohio, in May or June, we want to be able to say as in the 6o's: "We Are Coming, Father Abraham, One Hundred Thousand Strong!" Today, February 10th, we number 46,000 members. If YO U are not a member, join now! All branches are urged to recruit their strength to the maximum. If your city has no branch, write to the National Office for particulars on how to organize a branch. To all white people who love justice and to all colored people who love liberty this call is made to join the ranks—the fighting ranks of the Association and help make America a democracy in deed as well as in name. The membership fee is $1.00 per year or more. Members paying $2.00 or more per year receive TH E CRISIS without further charge. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK NATIONAL OFFICERS EXECUTIVE OFFICERS President Chairman of the Board MOORFIELD STOREY MARY WHITE OVINGTON Vice-Presidents JOHN R. SHILLADY, Secretary ARCHIBALD H. GRIMKE O. G. VILLARD, Treasurer REV. JOHN HAYNES HOLMES DR. W. E. B. DUBOIS, Director of PubliBISHOP JOHN HURST cations and Research CAPT ARTHUR B. SPINGARN JAMES WELDON JOHNSON, Field Secretary OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD WALTER F. WHITE. Assistant Secretary THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Vol. 17—No. 5 MARCH, 1919 Whole No. 101 PICTURES Page COVER: "THE FRENCH COLONIALS ATTACK." Reproduction in Colors of a Picture Brought from Paris by Mr. Nathan Hunt of Tuskegee. DEPUTY DIAGNE OF SENEGAL 221 THE OLD 15TH NEW YORK RETURNS 241 ARTICLES THE BLACK MAN IN THE REVOLUTION OF 1914-1918. W. E. Burg hardt Du Bois 218 THE BRAVE SOLDIER. A Poem. Alston W. Burleigh 223 MEMORANDUM TO M. DIAGNE AND OTHERS ON A PAN AFRICAN CONGRESS. - 224 A "CLEAN-UP DAY" FOR THE COMMUNITY. Florence Samuels 226 GO GIVE THE WORLD! A Poem. Otto Leland Bohanan 228 TWO POEMS. Lucian B. Watkins 234 DEPARTMENTS EDITORIAL. . . - 215 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 229 MEN OF THE MONTH 232 THE LOOKING GLASS 235 THE HORIZON 242 COMING ISSUES OF THE CRISIS Watch for the Easter number of The CRISIS. It will be teeming with interest. Dr. Du Bois has a wealth of material which he is bringing from abroad. The May CRISIS will tell especially of the black American soldier in Europe. The June CRISIS will deal with labor. In all the pictures will be varied and striking. TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. . MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November t. 1910, at the post office at New York. New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 212 National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it is young in history, the Institution feels a just pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teacher Training Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Arts and Sciences The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economics The Department of Social Service In Equipment and Teaching Force it is Not Surpassed by Any School for the Training of Colored Youth in the South. THE FALL TERM OPENED OCTOBER 1, 1918. For further information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina Wilberforce University The Cheyney Train Wilberforce, Ohio (Established 1856) ing School for The school with the recognized Military Department. A strong and thorough course in Military Science Teachers and Tactics given all male students, by regular U . S. officer. Graduates in great demand by U. S. GovernCHEYNEY, PENNA. ment for selected service. Given quota of 20 men for Fourth Officers' For reasonably mature students Training Camp,	 Ft. Dodge, la. who have a good secondary Courses of Study—College (Scien school preparation, and who de tific, Classical and Educational) ; Nor sire to become	 teachers, courses mal (Elementary and Industrial Teachers) and Vocational; Theologiare offered during the regular cal (Regular and English); Academy term in academic work, domestic —Four years with diploma. $40,000.00 science, domestic art, physical gymnasium just completed. training, elementary school methSchool opened September 17th. For ods, wood and metal working, information address 	and agriculture. Board room and W. S. SCARBOROUGH, laundry privileges for the year, President. 	$125. Fall term began Wednesday, September 18, 1918. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located In the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study Include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training- and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-nine years of successful work have been completed, •tudenta come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further Information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. THE FLORIDA A.and M. COLLEGE Tallahassee, Florida Offers long and short courses in Mechanic Arts, in Home Economics in Agriculture, in Education and in Science. For Catalog Address NATHAN B. YOUNG, President P. O. DRAWER 524 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1917 SOUTH ATLANTA GEORGIA Most beautiful campus of 70 seres, commodious buildings with modern conveniences. High Scholarship — Talented Faculty — Well equipped library and laboratories—Literary societies—Athletics—Co-educational—Expenses very low. $100 per year of eight months will pay tuition, board, room, etc. Comfortable dormitories with steam best and gas light COURSES OF STUDY Domestic Science for girls, cooking, sewing, dressmaking and embroidery. Pre-Academy—7th and 8th grades. Academy—Four years with diploma. Pre-Medical—Two yea. a above academy. College—Four years leading to A. B. degree. Normal—Five years above grades with diploma. First Semester opened October 2, 1S18. HARRY ANDREWS KING, President. BEREAN MANUAL TRAINING AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL Sooth College Ave. and N . 19th Street Phila., Pa. Fall Term and Twentieth Year opened Tuesday, October i, 1918. Domestic Art, Industrial Art, Mechanical Art, Commercial and English. Sessions both day and evening. Age, sex or previous training no bar if applicant has good character. Years of honorable records and worthy traditions our trade-mark. Helpfulness our object. Efficiency our aim. Write or visit the School now. MATTHEW ANDERSON, Principal 1926 S. College Ave. Phila., Pa. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years or its emphasis on all sides of manly develop ment—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C A, thletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gathered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE. TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. .Hig h standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc, write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletic, under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory, Nor mal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester began October 1, 1018. For further information, address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. S, FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LIVINGSTONE COLLEGE SALISBURY, N. C. A Religions Co-educational School with a Tradition Open to All Negroes: Only Merit Counts Students come from Twenty-nine States in the Union, from Canada, Africa, the West India Islands and Central America. And Graduates Make Good. Salisbury, North Carolina, an Ideal Place for Study with a Mild, Equable Climate, Pure Water, Breezes from Pine and other Forests a Constant Tonic—the Greatest Degree of Healthfulness. New Girls' Dormitory with ill Modern Conveni ences Accommodating 210 just Completed and Read; Courses of Study: Grammar School, Academy, Normal, College, Divinity, Mane and Industries for Boys and Girl*. Expenses Moderate. Thirty-sixth Session opening October, 1918. For Further Information Address D. C. SUGGS, President or J. E. Aggrey, Registrar. WANTED! ONE HUNDRED MEN or more not under 16 as students to join the RESERVE OFFICERS' TRAINING CORPS at the A. &amp; T. College and take courses, including MILITARY SCIENCE AND TACTICS, leading to degree of Bachelor of Science in Mechanics, and Bachelor of Science in Agriculture. Special inducements will lie offered for the return of students this session who were recently released from military or naval service. Write at once for catalog of further information JAMES B. DUDLEY President A. &amp; T. College Greensboro, N .C BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE* N. C. Biddle University, operated under the auspices of the Northern Presbyterian Church, has four Departments—High School, Arts and Sciences Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course is the requirement for entrance to the first year of the High SCHOOL The School of Arts and Sciences offers two courses of study, the Classical and the Scientific. In the scientific, German is substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class is 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first is purely English. Greek and Hebrew are taught in the others. All students in the High School Dept. are required tw take trades in the Industrial Dept. For further information, address President H. L. McCrorey, Charlotte, N. C. J.	 BRICK AGRICULTURAL, INDUSTRIAL AND NORMAL SCHOOL BRICKS , Edgecombe County, N . C. (On A. C. L. R. R.) This School offers a first-class High School Course, including Domestic Science, Domestic Art , Agriculture, Work in Wood, Iron and Mechanical Drawing, Piano and Vocal Music, Night School. A Two Year Teacher-Training- Course Is Open To High School Graduates. Teachers and officers, 22; enrollment, 315— boarders, 312. Cottages and buildings, 23. School farm, 11291/2 acres. Strong athletic, literary and Christian associations. School term 33 weeks. Environment fine. Telephone and telegraph Enfield, N. C. For further information write T.	 S. INBORDEN, Principal, BRICKS, N. C. The Slater Industrial and State Normal School For Colored Youth of Both Sexes WINSTON-SALEM, N. 0. I.	 Offering Standard Courses In Academic Subjects, In Industrial and Vocational Subject!, in Education. II.	 Graduates receive the Teacher's Certificate. III.	 Located amid the foothills of the mountain section of Western North Carolina and the health conditions are ideal. IV. Accommodations excellent and expenses moderate. For further information communicate with S. G. ATKINS, Principal •LATER STATE NORMAL SCHOOL, Winston-Salem, N. C. COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H. Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma, O.	 L. COLEMAN, President Educational Institutions Continued on page 248 Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS Vol. 17- No. 5 MARCH, 1919 Whole No. 101 Editorial VIVE LA FRANCE! MIN E eyes have seen" and they were filled with tears. The mighty au dience filled the Trocadero, and in the center of the stage stood a black man, lithe, tall and straight; on his breast were orders and he wore the uniform of an officer of the French army. A general of France stepped toward him, touched him on either shoulder with his naked sword and kissed him on both cheeks and said: "In the name of the President of the Republic, I nominate you, Bakhane Diop, chevalier of the Legion of Honor." The great audience arose, roared and cried again when the crimson badge of the Legion was pinned on the Arab who stood to the Negro's left and the Annamite who stood on his right, while round about were black French officers and rank on rank of decorated troops. It was France—almighty and never-dying France leading the world again. The day was given to honor the black men and yellow men who gave their lives for a country they are proud to call theirs and which is equally proud to claim them. Seven black deputies represent black Frenchmen in the French Parliament. Deputy Diagne, of Senegal, was the first man introduced today by the Minister of Colonies and he sat in the place of honor in the President's box. The exploits of the black and yellow troops were acclaimed by actors from the Theatre Francaise, singers from the opera and orators from the government with play and music, cheers and the great strains of the Marseillaise. France, "le jour de gloire est arrive," and the honor is yours, Men of Africa! How fine a thing to be a black Frenchman in 1919—imagine such a celebration in America! IN FRANCE, 1918 COUL , dim through the deep ening dark of early after noon, I saw its towers gloom dusky towards the murk of heaven. We wound in misty roads and dropped upon the city through the great throats of its walled bastions. There lay France—a strange, unknown, unfamiliar France. The city was dispossessed. Through its streets—its narrow, winding streets, old and low and dark, carven and quaint, — poured thousands upon thousands of strange feet of khaki-clad foreigners, and the echoes threw back awkward syllables that were never French. Here was France beaten to her knees yet fighting as never nation fought before, calling in her death agony across the seas till her help came and with all their strut and careless braggadocio saved the worthiest nation of the world from the wickedest fate ever plotted by Fools. Tim Brimm was playing by the town-pump. Tim Brimm and the bugles of Harlem blared in the little streets of Maron in far Lorraine. The tiny streets were seas of mud. Dank mist and rain sifted through the cold air above the blue Moselle. 215 THE CRISIS Soldiers—soldiers everywhere—black soldiers, boys of Washington, Alabama, Philadelphia, Mississippi. Wild and sweet and wooing leapt the strains upon the air. French children gazed in wonder—women left their washing. Up in the window stood a black Major, a Captain, a Teacher and I— with tears behind our smiling eyes. Tim Brimm was play ing by the town-pump. The audience was framed in smoke. It rose ghost-like out of memories— bitter memories of the officers near dead of pneumonia whose pain was lighted up by the nurses wanting to know whether they must be "Jim-Crowed" with privates or not. Memories of that great last morning when the thunders of hell called the Ninety-second to its last great drive. Memories of bitter humiliations, determined triumphs, great victories and bugle-calls that sounded from earth to heaven. Like memories framed in the breath of God, my audience peered in upon me—good, brown faces with great, kind, beautiful eyes —black soldiers of America rescuing beloved France—and the words came in praise and benediction there in the "Y, " with its little stock of cigarettes and candies and its rusty wood stove. "Alors," said Madame, "quatres sont morts"—four dead—four tall, strong sons dead for France—sons like the sweet and blue-eyed daughter who was hiding her brave smile in the dusk. It was a tiny stone house whose front window lipped the passing side walk where ever tramped the feet of black soldiers marching home. There was a cavernous wardrobe, a great fireplace invaded by a new and jaunty iron stove. Vast, thick piles of bed rose in yonder corner. Without was the crowded kitchen and up a half-stair was our bedroom that gave upon a tiny court with arched stone staircase and green tree. We were a touching family party held together by a great sorrow and a great joy. How we laughed over the salad that got brandy instead of vinegar—how we ate the great golden pile of fried potatoes and how we poured over the post-card from the Lieutenant of the Senegalese—dear little vale of crushed and risen France, in the day when Negroes went "over the top" at Pont-a-Mousson. Paris, Paris by purple facade of the opera, the crowd on the Boulevard des Italiens and the great swing of the Champs Elysees. But not the Paris the world knows. Paris with its soul cut to the core—feverish, crowded, nervous, hurried; full of uniforms and mourning bands, with cafes closed at 9:30—no sugar, scarce bread, and tears so interwined with joy that there is scant difference. Paris has been dreaming a nightmare and though she awakes, the grim terror is upon her—it lies on the sandbags covering monuments, on the closed art treasures of the Louvre. Only the flowers are there, always the flowers, the Roses of England and the Lilies of France. WHEN PRIDE BECOMES A VIRTUE A WRITER in the Philadelphia, Pa., Bulletin speaks about the German invention and promulgation of the "liewell-stuck-to." From the time of the Franco-Prussian War up to 1914, Germany had never ceased to belittle France and to glorify herself. So subtle, so pervading, so persistent had been this propaganda that Germany not only succeeded in convincing the outside world, but induced the French insensibly to accept the role thus thrust upon them. No one doubts French worth and valor now. The Battle of the Marne, the watchword "They shall not pass" at Verdun has routed every suspicion and misgiving. Even Germany must acknowledge the EDITORIAL incomparable, the deathless chivalry of France. What a splendid thing if America would draw the parallel between the attitude of Germany toward France, and the attitude of white Americans toward black. We, too, are the victims of a propaganda just as unceasing, as bitter, as subtle and as unfounded as ever the Teuton mind conceived of foisting on the Gaul. There is of late an increasing effort—one can feel an unvoiced determination to belittle our efforts, to mock and to refuse to recognize all that is black. In some localities the determination is actually voiced. We cannot wait for the recurrence of a Marne or a Verdun. Against this sort of attack we have only one defence. Pride! Pride in ourselves as individuals, pride in our race all over the world. Utter belief that what any man has done we can do—this and nothing else is our salvation. This pride must be carried into every phase of life—pride in workmanship, pride in appearance, pride in training, pride in loyalty, in honor, in courtesy, in dependableness. Surely, without adopting the role of the Pharisee, we in this country have a right to be proud. We do not grind our heel in the face of the oppressed. We do not draw aside our skirts in an assertion of superiority. We are willing to live and let live. We are not cold and cruel and calculating. We do not lynch. Come, we may well hold high our heads. From such an attitude well-founded, great things must arise. " It is not courage, no, nor hate, That lets us do the things we do. It's pride that makes the heart be great! " Honest pride will help its possessor to "carry on" when faith is a failure and optimism is dead. Believe it. CONCERNING THE TERCENTENARY MENTIO N has already been made in these columns of the solemn memorial, to be held during August, 1919, in commemoration of the first landing of Negroes in this country three hundred years ago. Two preliminary meetings have already been held, as a result of which a committee of thirty-three colored men has been formed whose plan is to select another "Committee of Three Hundred and More," who shall finally decide on the nature of the memorial. Owing to the absence of the chairman, Dr. W. E. B. DuBois who is in France, the appointing of this larger committee has been temporarily postponed. But suggestions and plans are greatly in demand and will be gladly welcomed. In particular, outlines for pageants and dramas are wanted, and really good, original articles for declamations, songs and hymns. Original musical compositions are, also, needed. These may rank from imitations or even new arrangements of the old familiar Negro spirituals to compositions of the most modern type. Here is a chance for both expert and novice to win distinction. Aspirants are urged to begin on their efforts at once, because at best we shall have none too much time to complete before August, preparations for a memorial which shall be really adequate and fitting. This celebration should itself mark an epoch in our development. Remember, then, we need original suggestions, original musical compositions, dramas, pageants, articles, songs and poems, and the development of all these efforts must be along the most lofty and impressive lines possible. Communications should be addressed to this office, in care of Mr . James Weldon Johnson, acting chairman during the absence of Dr. DuBois. THE BLACK MAN IN THE REVOLUTION OF 1914-1918 W. E. BUEGHARDT DuBOIS I AS announced in the December, 1918, CRISIS the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has undertaken to see that a scientific and exhaustive history of the black man in the Great War is written. The Association wishes to duplicate no work that others may do and it is especially anxious to co-operate to the fullest extent with all persons who know the facts and are acquainted with historical methods. Already the list of those co-operating with us is of considerable size and first importance. Preliminary to this work and with the idea of at once getting material and a point of view, I came to France. Quite by accident my trip was made on the same boat taken by Dr. R. R. Moton, of Tuskegee, who was going on a special trip arranged by Secretary of War Baker. Wherever possible Dr. Moton and I have gladly co-operated, but our missions were distinct in every respect. After a rapid survey of the situation here I am venturing to send back a preliminary and tentative foreword to the history I hope to write. It is nothing more than a sketch—its details are lacking and some basic facts missing, but I think I have the main outlines. The black soldier saved civilization in 1914-18. First, nearly 400,000 black men of Senegal were the troops that at the Marne and the Ourcq stopped the first onset of Germans, filled the river with their dead and made the world's greatest army re-cross on the dead corpses of their companions. France not only does not deny this—she is proud to acknowledge the debt. For example, on December 29, 1918, the French Colonial League held in the Trocadero in Paris a great celebration in honor of native troops who had come to fight for France. This celebration was sanctioned by President Poincare and conducted in the presence of the ministers and the military Governor-General of Paris. Presiding were 1 M. Henry Simon, Colonial Minister; M. Di 1 For translation of the speeches of these gentlemen, see GRATEFUL FRANCE, page 234. agne, a Senegalese, Commissioner-General of Colonial Affairs; and M . Eugene Etienne, President of the French Colonial League. The program, whose title page is here displayed, gives the following account of M. Diagne: "M. Diagne, Deputy from Senegal, was made Commissioner-General of Colonial Affairs in the Cabinet of M. Clemenceau, as a result of the brilliant success of the last levy of troops in French West Africa. Under conditions calling for great tact and delicacy M. Diagne was able to render the most signal services to his country. He is administering with consummate ability his present office of Commissioner, which will involve the consideration of the numerous problems arising with respect to whatever is of special import to our black troops who throughout the war have conducted themselves with so much heroism. "M. Diagne will give in his speech a detailed account of the loyalty of the native troops and will indicate the new obligations incumbent now on the mother country in recognition of the rights of naturalization which native troops have gained on the battle-fields which they as brothers shared with their white brothers." The program mentions also the decoration of M. Bakhane Diop, an African chieftain. M. Diop stood between an Arab and an Annamite and all three received the crimson badge of the Legion. That was a wonderful sight. The passage in the program reads: "The Cross, of Chevalier of the Legion of Honor, merited in action at the front by one of these chieftains, M. Bakhane Diop, will be bestowed upon him with all the ?M. Diagne, depute rlu Senegal, a ete nomme Cotnmissaire General des Effectifs Coloniaux du cabinet Clemenceau en suite de la brillante reussite du dernier recrutement en Afrique Occidentale Franchise. Dans des circonstances delicates, M. Diagne put rendre les services les plus signaled a son pays! C est avec la plus haute competence qu'il administre cet important Commissariat oil se trouveront resolus les problemes nombreux qui se posent, en ce qui concerne tout particulierement nos troupes noires qui se sont depensees pendant la guerre avec tant d'heroisme. M. Diagne, dans son discours dira par le detail ce que fit la fidelite des indigenes et quels devoirs noveaux incombent maintenant a la Mere Patrie pour reconnaitre les lettres, de grande naturalization que les indigenes ont gagnees sur les champs de bataille meles fraternellement a leurs freres blancs. 218 THE BLACK MAN IN THE REVOLUTION OF 1914-1918 219 usual ceremony by one of the glorious figthe Fifteenth New York, the Separate ures in our Colonial history, General Battalions of Maryland, the District of Archinard, who ranks among the most active Columbia, and Ohio, Company L of the Sixth spirits in our penetration into Africa. The Massachusetts and others. It was an aggregagrandeur of the symbolic accolade, which tion nobody wanted. It could not under the will be given by General Archinard to draft law go with its state units, or, at Bakhane Diop, son of one of our most unyieldleast, the law was so interpreted. A whole ing adversaries, will assuredly be one of the division was planned to include Colonel extremely stirring features in this celebraYoung—but dark forces intervened. Yet tion which is tendered by glorious France."'' these units were ready for work, they were II 	eager, and they were sent to the French and have become known as the 369th, 370th, 371st and 372d Regiments of the Ninety- AMERICA did not win the war by her fighting only. Her fighting both of third Division. Their black officers were colored and white troops covered less than transferred and a year of a four changed considerably, but they years' war. Amer went into battle ica's great contribu practically with a tion was her prepa complete roster of rations which frightblack officers except ened Germany; and Ligue Coloniale Francaise Colonels, a few her sailors, engi neers and laborers who made food and Majors and several materia l available. Captains. But most of Among these the the officers were black stevedores black—for instance, have won a world E n l'honneur the old Eighth record. They have Illinois, even after Colonel Dennison left, been the best work des Troupes Indigenes had a coloredLieutenant-Colonel, two ers in France, as is colored Majors, acknowledged by venues combattre nineteen colored everybody, and their Captains and nine efficiency has been ty - eight colored en France due in part to no First and Second small numbers of Lieutenants. colored officers and under-officers and to colored Y. M. C. A. Colonel Hayward, of workers. the old New York But America did some fighting and the Fifteenth, succeeded in removing a larger most critical time of America's fighting was proportion of his colored officers. in the terrible days of last fall when the So at the most critical period of the Amerexhausted French had to have reinforceican participation in the war these men ments or yield. It was here that among went into action. the first units sent to aid was the Ninety- What was the result? third Division. The Ninety-third was not a The colored Lieutenant-Colonel of the division. It consisted of the Eighth Illinois, 370th, a colored Major, eight colored Captains, seventeen colored Lieutenants, eight  La Croix de Chevalier tie la Legion d'honneuf colored under-officers and twenty-six colored gagnee au front par un de ces chefs: A/. Bakhanc Diop lui sera remise avec tout le ceremonial accoutume privates received the Croix de Guerre in par une des gloires de notre histoire coloniale: M. le General Archinard. un des artisans les plus celehres November. de notre penetration en Afriquc. La grandeur du symbole de l'accolade que donnera le General Archinard a Bakhane Diop,	 fils d'un de nos plus •FRENCH COLONIAL LEAGUE plus emo-uvantes parties do cette fete de la plus In Honor of the Native Troops Who Came to Fight irreductibles .adversaires, sera	 certainement une des grande France, 	for France TH E CRISIS On November 11, General Vincenden, the French Commanding Officer, said of the 370th: "Fired by a noble ardor, they go at times even beyond the objectives given them by the higher command; they have always wished to be in the front line." The final order of General Vincenden, December 9, said: "In the name of France, I thank you." He mentioned the "hard and brilliant battles of Chavigny, Leury and the Bois de Beaumont." He commends their "fine appearance under arms" like "silk unrolling in wavy folds." He especially mentions the exploits of three battalions (two with all colored officers and one with a white Captain) at Val St. Pierre, Aubenton and Logny, where the colored Lieutenant-Colonel distinguished himself. "You have given us of your best and you have given it out of the fullness of your hearts. The blood of your comrades who fell on the soil of France, mixed with the blood of our soldiers, renders indissoluble the bonds of affection that unite us. We have, besides, the pride of having worked together at a magnificent task and the pride of bearing on our foreheads the ray of a common grandeur. A last time— Au Revoir!" The 371st and 372d Infantries were brigaded with the 157th French Division under General Goybet. On the occasion of their leaving, December 15, the General in Order No. 245 said: "For seven months we have lived as broth ers-at-arms, partaking of the same activities, sharing the same hardships and the same dangers. Side by side we took part in the great Champagne Battle, which was to be crowned by a tremendous victory. Never will the 157th Division forget the indomitable dash, the heroic rush of the American (Negro) regiments up the observatory ridge and into the Plain of Monthois. The most powerful defenses, the most strongly organized machine gun nests, the heaviest artillery barrages—nothing could stop them. These crack regiments overcame every obstacle with a most complete contempt for danger. Through their steady devotion the Red Hand Division (157th French) for nine whole days' of severe struggle was constantly leading the way for the victorious advance of the Fourth Army. Officers, noncommissioned officers and men, I respectfully salute our glorious comrades who have fallen, and I bow to your colors—side by side with this—the flag of the 333d Regiment of Infantry (French). They have shown us the way to victory. Dear Friends from America, when you reach the other side of the ocean, do not forget the Red Hand Division. Our brotherhood has been cemented in the blood of the brave, and such bonds will never be destroyed." The Distinguished Service Cross was given, December 16, to four colored officers, five colored privates and one colored corporal, of the 372d Regiment. On December 13, the following honors were given the 371st and 372d, Croix de Guerre to two colored corporals and to two colored privates. There were also seventy other citations. On October 7, General Gamier Duplossis, of the Ninth French Arm y Corps "salutes the brave American (Negro) regiments who have rivalled in intrepidity their French comrades." On October 8, General Goybet (General Order 234) in submitting the above transmits "from the bottom of the heart of a chief and soldier the expression of the gratitude for the glory which you have sent to our good 157th Division." The same day Colonel Quillet notes their "finest qualities of bravery and daring" in an order to the 372d Regiment. On the battlefield, October 1, General Goybet said: "You must be proud of the courage of your officers and men and I consider it an honor to have them under my command." The 372d Regiment was cited as a whole for bravery and four Medailles Militaires and four Croix de Guerre were given. Similar words of farewell as went to the 370th Regiment were sent to this regiment. So much for the soldiers brigaded with the French, to whom will be added later the equally fine record of the 369th (Fifteenth New York). In fine, the universal testimony of the French army is that black officers and men did extraordinarily well. Thus much for the Ninety-third Division. The Ninety-second Division went through hell. It was torn and shaken in morale, seriously so by General Ballou's apparent anxiety to preserve a "Jim-Crow" regime for his officers and by the determination of men like Colonel Moss not to insist on respect to his colored officers. The Division (5)	 To Br. Du Bois—in token of admiring friendship, Paris, January 6, 1919, Diagne, Deputy from Senegal, Commissioner-General of Black Troops. 221 222 THE CRISIS seethed with bitterness and discontent, but . and democracy, or are you not rather it stuck to its work. Ill MEANTIME , anti-Negro prejudice was rampant in the American army and the officers particularly were subjected to all sorts of discrimination. Scandalous tales were spread in French towns and villages; some villages were posted "Niggers keep out!" Incidents like this continually recurred. A black chaplain with the rank of a Lieutenant reported for duty with colored stevedore regiments at Bordeaux. Al l the officers were white. He presented himself at the officers' mess and was refused admission. He asked for meals in his room. That was contrary to regulations. He tried the non-commissioned officers' mess. He was refused here because he was an officer. He asked them to send him meals. They refused. He tried to eat with the privates. Again regulations intervened. After a day of hunger and insult he was finally accommodated with a side table for himself in the officers' mess-room. In the fighting units not one-third of the white soldiers saluted colored officers; they were refused at officers' clubs and in several cases openly disparaged before their men. In hospitals they were often refused admittance to officers' quarters and placed with the privates. Gossip disparaging to the black officers filled the whole American army and clashes of white and colored soldiers ended in blood-shed in a number of cases. On top of this came subtle German propaganda. The following was dropped from a German balloon, September 3, 1918, near St. Die and Raon-l'Etape: TO THE COLORED SOLDIERS OF THE UNITED STATES ARMY Hello, boys, what are you doing over here? Fighting the Germans? Why? Have they ever done you any harm? Of course some white folks and the lying English-American papers told you that the Germans ought to be wiped out for the sake of humanity and democracy. What is democracy? Personal freedom, all citizens enjoying the same rights socially and before the law. Do you enjoy the same rights as the white people do in America, the land of freedom treated over there as second-class citizens? Can you go into a restaurant where white people dine? Can you get a seat in the theatre where white people sit? Can you get a seat or a berth in the railroad car, or can you even ride in the South in the same street car with white people? And how about the law? Is lynching and the •most horrible crimes connected therewith, a lawful proceeding in a democratic country? Now, all this is entirely different in Germany, where they do like colored people, where they treat them as gentlemen and as white men and quite a number of colored people have fine positions in business in Berlin and other German cities. Why, then, fight the Germans only for the benefit of the Wall Street robbers and to protect the millions they have loaned to the English, French and Italians? You have been made the tool of the egotistic and rapacious rich in England and America and there is nothing in the whole game for you but broken bones, horrible wounds, spoiled health or death. No satisfaction whatever will you get out of this unjust war. You have never seen Germany. So you are fools if you allow people to make you hate us. Come over and see for yourself. Let those do the fighting who make the profit out of this war. Don't allow them to use you as cannon-fodder. To carry a gun in this service is not an honor, but a shame. Throw it away and come over to the German lines. You will find friends who will help you along. IV THE black men never wavered. Why? Because side by side with this treat ment on the part of their own countrymen came the courtesy, the kindness and the utter lack of prejudice among the French. The black soldiers by their sweet tempered consideration gained friends everywhere. They saw the wretched suffering of the French and they toiled and fought willingly for them. French officers and civilians of high social position vied with each other in doing all they could to show considera tion. A Negro officer entered a cafe. The American white officers resented his seat at their table and started to rise—the French officers at a neighboring table very quietly and courteously nodded to the land THE BRAVE SON lady and the black officer found a welcome seat with them. Several high white southern officers of General Ballou's staff blocked nearly everything that would help or encourage the black men—the Chief of Staff repeatedly refused permissions to the photographers, with the result that the Division has almost no photographic record of its work. But it did work and fight. The single colored artillery brigade, 167th Field Artillery, had a General from Massachusetts, Sherburne, who believed in them. He said in General Order 11 that he desired "to record his appreciation of the high qualities displayed by officers and men daring the recent operations in this sector. They have been zealous soldiers and skilful artillerymen. Their recompense lies in their knowledge of work well done and in the commendation of those well qualified to speak. By day and night, often under a hail of shrapnel, often through clouds of deadly gas, they have marched and fought, dragged their guns sometimes by hand into the line, kept open their lines of communication and brought up their supplies always with a cheerfulness that earned them the admiration of all." The Division was repeatedly under fire. It went forward in the last great drive and was preparing to take part in the great assault on Metz when the armistice came. In one instance alone has the white soldier been able even to disparage the actual work of colored troops. In that case a battalion of the 368th Regiment was put in as support and, quite contrary to plan, was suddenly rushed forward as storm troops without equipment. Caught between the two barrages they fell back, contrary to orders, but another battalion of colored men relieved them and went forward. Where was the fault? The white officer, found skulk- WOUNDED AMERICAN NEGRO SOLDIER IN PARIS ing in the rear, said it was the cowardice of Negro officers. So the word to acknowledge the Negro stevedore and the fighting black private has gone forth, but the American army is going to return to America determined to disparage the black officer and eliminate him from the army despite his record. And the black officer and private? They return at once bitter and exalted! They will not submit to American caste and they will ever love France! THE BRAVE SON ALSTON W. BURLEIGH A LITTL E boy, lost in his childish play, Mid the deep'ning shades of the fadi- ng day, Fancied the warrior he would be; He scattered his foes with his wooden sword And put to flight a mighty horde— Ere he crept to his daddy's knee. A soldier crawled o'er the death-strewn plain, And he uttered the name of his love, in vain, As he stumbled over the crest; He fought with the fierceness of dark despair And drove the cowering foe to his lair— Ere he crept to his Father's breast. MEMORANDUM A M. DIAGNE ET AUTRES SUR UN CONGRES PANAFRICAIN QUI DOIT ETRE TENU A PARIS EN FEVRIER 1919 Messieurs,  herebyje me permets lay de vous soumettre you quelques I BE G to before certain ** suggestions au sujet tentative suggestions as to a  d'un Congres Pan-Africain devant se reunir a Paris en fevrier Pan-African Congress to be held in Paris in 1919. February, 1919. 1. L a nomination d'un petit Comite 1. The appointment of a small d'arrangements. Committee of arrangements. 2. L'envoi d'invitations personnelles aux representants de la Race Noire pouvant se rendre a ce Congres et qui representent les resent the Governments of Abyssinia,Gouvernements de l'Abyssinie, Liberie et Liberia and Haiti; the French, English,Haiti; les colonies franchises, anglaises, Spanish,espagnoles, italiennes, beiges,Belgian, et holland Italian, aises, et les descendants de Noirs habitant l'Amerique du Nord et l'Amerique du Sud Negroes inhabiting North and South et les lies de la Mer, de meme que les an- America and the Islands of the Sea. ciennes colonies allemandes. 3. Invitations aux Gouvernements ayant des citoyens ou sujets d'origine Africaine et susceptibles d'envoyer des representants au Congres, et aussi des invitations similaires en Chine, au Japon et aux Indes. 4. Invitations de s'associer a nos Conferences ouvertes aux representants des organisations devouees a l'avancement des Races de couleur. 5. Le principal travail du Congres sera: a) L a lecture de comptes-rendus sur les conditions des Noirs a travers le monde. b) L'obtention de declarations officielles de la politique des grandes puissances a l'egard de la Race Negre. c) Les revendications les plus positives aupres de la Conference de la Paix qui siegera a Paris, pour le droit de representa tection for 250,000,000 Negroes and tion pour 250,000,000 d'ames de la race noire Negroids in the League of Nations. et peuples negroides, dans la Ligue des Nations. Revendication de la protection de la Ligue pour les dites races. d) L'etablissement des principes suivants, sur lesquels sera base le futur developpement de la Race Noire: Les droits politiques pour les civilises. L'education moderne pour tous les enfants. Les droits des indigenes a la terre et a ses ressources naturelles. L'avantage des indigenes a avoir la premiere consideration dans le developpment industriel de leur pays. Full recognition of the independent Developpement des Gouvernements au- Governments of Abyssinia, tonomes respectant les usages indigenes, MEMORANDUM TO M. DIAGNE AND OTHERS ON A PAN-AFRICAN CONGRESS TO BE HELD IN' PARIS IN FEBRUARY, 1919 Gentlemen: 2. The sending of personal invitations to representatives of the Negro race who can attend such a Congress and who rep Dutch and former German Colonies; and the descendants of 3. Invitations to all Governments having Negro citizens and subjects to send representatives to address the Congress; and similar invitations to China, Japan and India. 4. Invitations to join in our open conferences to representatives of organizations devoted to the advancement of the Darker Races. 5. The chief work of the Congress shall be: (a) The hearing of statements on the condition of Negroes throughout the world. (b) The obtaining of authoritative statements of policy toward the Negro race from the Great Powers. (c) The making of strong representations to the Peace Conference sitting in Paris in behalf of both voice in and pro(d) The laying down of principles Upon which the future development of the Negro race must take place, including: Political rights for the civilized. Modern education for all children. Native rights to the land and natural re sources. Industrial development primarily for the benefit of the native and his country. Development of autonomous government along lines of native custom, with the object of inaugurating gradually an Africa for the Africans. Liberia and Haiti, with their full natural boundaries, and the 224 MEMORANDUM TO M. DIAGNE avec lc but d'inaugurer graduellement development of the former German Colonies l'Afrique pour les Africains. under the guarantee and oversight of the Pleinc reconnaissance des Gouvernements League of Nations. independants de l'Abyssinie, Liberie et Haiti avec leurs frontieres naturelles, completes, et le developpements des anciennes colonies allemandes sous la garantie et la surveillance de la Ligue des Nations. L a cordiale et sympathique cooperation des races noire, jaune et blanche sur les bases de la consideration reciproque et l'egalite dans le futur developpment du monde. 6. Le programme du Congres peut etre comme	 suit: Dimanche apres-midi: Assemblee Gene- Negro delegates; appointment of rale; discours par les representants des Committees; reports of conditions. Pouvoirs Coloniaux et des Nations Noires. Soir: Reception des Delegues. Lundi matin: Conference a huis-clos des delegues noirs; nomination des comites, rapports sur diverses conditions de la race. Apres-midi: Conference ouverte, rapports des Gouvernements. Mardi matin: commissions et resolutions. Apres-midi: Conference a huis-clos. Soir: Assemblee generale et discours. 7. L a Conference etablirait un Secretariat permanent avec siege a Paris qui sera charge de: Faire une Histoire de la Race Noire, fitudier les conditions presentes de la race. Publier des articles, brochures, et un compte-rendu de ce Congres. Encourager le developpement de la litterature et l'art parmi les Noirs. Arrangement pour un Second Congres Pan-Africain en 1920. Je propose qu'une conference preliminaire pour l'etude de ce qui precede, ainsi que toutes autres propositions, se reunisse mercredi le 8 Janvier a une heure et a un lieu a choisir. W.	 E. BURGHARDT DuBOIS, Docteur en Philosophic et Directeur de Publications et Recherches dans l'Association Nationale pour l'Avancement des Gens de Couleur, aux Etats-Unis d'Amerique. 1	 Janvier, 1919. This plan was acceptable not only to the representatives of the various Negro peoples gathered in France, but it was also welcomed by the French. In the last week in January, Dr. DuBois sent the following cablegram to the N. A. A. C. P.: The cordial and sympathetic co-operation of the Black, Yellow and White Races on terms of mutual respect and equality in the future development of the world. 6. The program of the Congress might be something as follows: Sunday afternoon: Mass-meeting, addressed by representatives of the Colonial Powers and of the Negro nations. Night: Reception to delegates. Monday morning: Closed conference of Afternoon: Open conference; reports from Governments. Tuesday morning: Committees and resolutions. Afternoon: Closed conference. Night: Mass-meeting and speeches. 7. The Conference should form a permanent Secretariat with Headquarters in Paris, charged with the duty of: Collating the history of the Negro race. Studying the present condition of the race. Publishing articles, pamphlets and a re port of this Congress. Encouraging Negro art and literature. Arranging for a second Pan-African Con gress in 1920. I propose that a preliminary conference to consider these and any other proposals be called to meet Wednesday, January 8, at a time and place to be selected. W. E. BURGHARDT DUBOIS, Doctor in Philosophy and Director of Publications and Research in the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, United States of America. Paris, January 1, 1919. "Clemenceau permits Pan-African Conference February 12, 13, 14. North, South America, West Indies, Africa represented. Two of our delegates, Haiti, Liberia, sit in Peace Conference. Carefully selected delegates welcome." RECREATION ROOM, LOUISVILLE, KY. A "CLEAN-UP DAY" FOR THE COMMUNITY FLORENCE SAMUELS A VIGOROU S and effective campaign with the co-operation of the colored women against dust, dirt and disorder in the of the community, entertainments, such as household produces that clear and shining community-sings, are given where thouscleanliness that delights the eye of orderands meet not only to hear but to parliness. Applied to the community, a like ticipate in the singing, dances are held, vigorous and more systematic work pursued sometimes minstrel shows by the soldiers by the War Camp Community Service along themselves are produced, and home hospitalthe lines of investigation, co-operation and ity is promoted among the colored civilians organization is sweeping away the dust and for the soldiers and sailors of their own disorder of illusion, misunderstanding and race. prejudice that sometimes covers a commu The administration of such a work must nity and defeats its own workings for probe based on harmony and on co-operation gress. between organizer and community. To that Among the many social changes produced end, men are selected for this work among by the war, perhaps only temporarily, but the colored people primarily for their abilnone the less gratifying, the recreation ity to understand and to sympathize with work of War Camp Community Service for the peculiar needs of their own race. The the colored soldier is ensuring fair treatinterest of colored educators has been enment for the colored race. Along parallel listed. The help of a few members of the lines with the activities for the white solfaculties of colored colleges, such as Hampdier in the community, club houses are proton Institute and Tuskegee Institute, in vided, canteens and cafeterias maintained talking at some of the mass meetings and 226 A "CLEAN-UP DAY" FOR THE COMMUNITY the publicity given to the work through colored editors in some of the towns, have been effective in clearing up much of the misunderstanding that formerly existed. The prejudice of a few members of the colored community toward the men of their own race in uniform, an indifference to the need of the soldier for recreation and a misunderstanding of the aims and work of the organizers make up some of the difficulties that are being overcome. The remark made by Mr. J. B. Hopkins, the W. C. C. S. colored worker in Alexandria, Va., that "War Camp Community Service knows neither race nor color" shows how impartially the work of helping the soldier, whether he be white or black, has gone forward. War Camp Community Service numbers approximately thirty colored workers among the forty-nine communities where activities for colored soldiers and sailors are carried on. These include Richmond, Va.; Battle Creek, Mich.; Chattanooga, Tenn.; Philadelphia, Pa.; Macon, Ga.; Hattiesburg, Miss.; and Greenville, S. C. Alto gether there arc thirty-eight clubs for colored men in uniform—clubs that range from a converted store to a substantial building, containing an audience hall, dormitory, canteen, game-room with pool and billiard tables, writing-rooms, rest-rooms, piano, victrola and library. Some of the best constructive work of the W. C. C. S. is done in southern towns. In one city a club for the soldiers met the need for the rest and recreation of the men and through the club the goodwill and assistance of the influential people were gained. A n instance -of individual help is the following: A sick soldier, who had been discharged and was without funds, was furnished with meals and a bed at the club in Newport News, Va., and a ticket to his home bought with money raised by the W. C. C. S. organizer, Mr. John Einstein, through private subscription. This is not an isolated case, but merely an example of assistance that is repeated again and again. Arrangements were made in Alexandria, Va., with the manager of the BILLIARD ROOM, LOUISVILLE, KY. THE CRISIS Howard Theatre in Washington, D. C , to have 150 soldiers from Camp Humphreys attend a performance as the guests of the War Camp Community Service for colored people; churches are giving socials for the soldiers; dances are held. A survey of one colored community was made which served to hold up a mirror of existing conditions to the community itself and showed profiteering directed against the man in uniform, lack of home hospitality and suspicion toward the soldier and sailor. Interest was stimulated and these mistakes corrected. In Alexandria, Va., where the suggestion of a mending unit among the women was presented, the women themselves eagerly accepted the opportunity to do the mending for the soldiers and volunteered to provide furnishings for a reception room and a sewing room at their own expense. These are some of the methods that bring about a clearer sympathy and understanding among the colored people. Although the work for white and colored soldiers is along parallel lines, the variance between the points of view and taste of the white and colored race is not lost sight of. It was noted in the club in Newport News, Va., that the books, duplicates of those in the white soldiers' club, were little read. Talks with the soldiers revealed the fact that they preferred literature pertaining to their own race and upon the recommendation of a number of colored educators who were consulted, an attempt is being made to furnish such books. Recently trouble between the white military police and the colored soldiers in Louisville, Ky., was averted by substituting colored military police, for upon investigation it was learned that the people would respect them and would help them in any difficulty. In placing these military police in quarters in the soldiers' clubs, War Camp Community Service took another step in establishing harmony and satisfaction in the town, for the police were brought into closer contact with the soldiers. Another difference noted by W. C. C. S. workers, in comparing activities for soldiers of the two races, is that music plays a relatively larger part in entertainment at the Negro clubs. Special effort has been expended to develop the musical interest and talent of men visiting the club rooms not only as a means of making them at home, but as a possible step toward a larger permanent utilization of the musical genius of the black race. Some time ago a club was opened for the colored soldiers of Richmond, Va. The crowds were passing through the building, viewing in amazed appreciation the facilities, conveniences and comfort the club afforded the soldiers, when one of the soldiers declared that he "could face anything for the country that was capable of such performances." The war has brought about political upheavel, has effected social changes; it may be that through it will come a permanent reconstruction that will "clean-up" prejudice and unfairness toward the colored citizen. War Camp Community Service has helped to pave the way. TWO POEMS LUCIAN B. WATKINS WAR MAD oaths of iron hells, breath after breath,— Hate thunder and its lightning doom of death To men. And all along the storm-torn trail, Slow-dying mothers moan and children wail! PEACE MEN prayed for Peace. War quaked the earth instead. But from red fields of righteous blood and tears, Where fought and fell mad millions, maimed and dead, Peace rose and reigned a thousand, thousand years. National Association for the Advancement of Colored-People. The Ku Klux Are Riding Again! BACK TO LIFE AND VERY ACTIVE AFTER FORTY YEARS! This is the thrilling story that one hears today in various parts of the South. The old Klan with its white-robed citizens going out to maintain the supremacy of the white race, as depicted by Thomas Dixon and his satellite, D. W. Griffith, has again come to life. Read this article printed in a daily in Montgomery, Ala.: "KU KLUX KLANSMEN SUGGEST SILENT PARADE!" "The city of Montgomery was visited last night by a Ku Klux Klan that bore all the earmarks of the ancient honorable order that placed white supremacy back in the saddle after a reign of terror for several years by Negroes and scalawags." About one hundred white-robed figures silently paraded through the town and, as the paper specially mentioned, went into that section where the Negroes lived. The Klan, according to the paper from which we quote, is the only authorized organization of its kind in existence, having a charter from the state and the governor. Montgomery is not the only city in Alabama in which demonstrations of the Ku Klux Klan have been made; Mobile, Birmingham, Troy and some smaller towns have seen it and there are indications of a revival of the Klan in Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Mississippi, Georgia, Florida and South Carolina. In Tennessee it is being revived under a new name, the Columbian Union. The Chattanooga Times of December 12 made this statement on the subject: "ORGANIZER OF KU KLUX GETS BUSY LOCALLY. " The spirit of the KU KLUX KLA N seems embodied in this Columbian Union, a new secret order originally chartered in Nashville, which is being organized in Chattanooga by Arthur Mills, Majestic Viceroy. The purposes of the order are mysteriously surrounded with the traditions of the past, and are among the most unusual of any secret organization yet attempted. That the organizers anticipate racial troubles following the demobilization of the soldiers is indicated in the literature of the order, and Mr. Mills is outspoken in the belief that some such organization is necessary, especially in the South, when the Negro troops are mustered out and returned to their homes. Allegiance to the United States, the support of the president and the suppression of enemy propaganda, are among the strict requirements of the order. Prominent among the members of the Columbian Union are many important officials in state and city governments and influential business men. Mr. Mills declares that the Union will be the greatest society ever organized in the South and will be the most important factor in getting the government completely in the hands of the white race and making permanent white supremacy. What purpose is back of the revival of this Klan? Ostensibly it is revived for reasons of patriotism, to apprehend all slackers in the purchase of Liberty Bonds and Thrift Stamps. But for that purpose such an organization should have been alert long ago. On the contrary, the K u Klux are first reported to us this autumn and the Columbian Union is a very recent secret order. Apprehending slackers North, South, East and West, has been the great stay-at-home sport of the war, but the K u Klux, as their name implies, gave little time to this task, as compared with the other set before it, the keeping of the Negro in his place—the place of a submissive worker of an inferior race. 229 THE CRISIS Why then should dominant whites have found this task especially needful today? The reason is obvious: The Negro with daily stride is taking his place as an equal of the white man. This has happened in two ways, in labor and in war. Since the European war opened, the South has been suffering from a shortage of working men and women. From five hundred thousand to one million, five hundred thousand Negroes, as variously estimated, have in the last four years left the South. They have gone North to seek greater economic opportunity, education for their children, safety from lynch law. They have also gone as soldiers into the service of the United States. This has given the remaining Negroes better positions than formerly, the chance to bargain for work, to demand a decent wage, to rise in the world. It is amusingly illustrated by the story of a white woman in a southern town who was unable to secure the services of a washerwoman. Seeing a Negro woman sitting on her porch, idle for a moment, the white woman approached her and said that she wanted some one to do her washing. "Do you?" the colored woman answered placidly, "Why so do I." A law was passed in one southern town (it may have been this one) forbidding any colored woman's working for another colored woman. Prosperity and a degree of leisure on the part of the wife and mother have formerly been unusual among the colored working women of the South and the Klan feels they do not keep the Negro in a properly subordinate "place." If the Ku Klux Klan feels it has a task in keeping the worker in his place, how much more difficult it will find its job of reducing to subserviency the returning soldier. What will the black private and officer do when he gets back home? That is a question frequently asked in the South and there is some anxiety to be detected in the questioning. The matter was honestly, if not tactfully, put by the mayor of a small Georgia town on addressing a group of Negro draftees about to depart for Camp Gordon. According to one of his auditors he spoke in the following manner: "You boys are going out to fight for your country and for democracy and that is a very fine thing, but there is one idea some of you have been expressing and I want you to get it out of your minds. Don't think that after the war you are going to change things. I want to tell you here today that this isn't so., and you want to remember that our white boys are going over to Prance and learning how to fight, and that we here at home are preparing for you when you come back. Don't get any new fangled ideas about democracy." The mayor was indiscreet enough to voice his personal opinion and the Ku Klux riding white-robed through the streets of Montgomery are a sign of applause to his utterance. What were the Ku Klux, anyway? Dixon and Griffith to the contrary, they were not noble white citizens, but the precursors of the mobs that today burn and torture colored men and women criminals, or suspected criminals, or relations of persons suspected of crime. We have ample evidence of this. In 1871 the complaints against the Ku Klux Klan in the South were so numerous that the Federal government instituted an investigation. It gathered testimony from all classes that fills many closely printed volumes. The crimes thus chron icled read extraordinarily like lynchings today. The Klan enters a Negro cabin and, enraged at not finding the father and older sons whom it seeks, drags the youngest boy out of the house and shoots him to death. The mother it hangs. A n old colored man is shot at and wounded and then beaten to death. A n aged Methodist minister, a white man this time, is dragged from his house hanged for a few moments for sport, cut down, beaten and then left with the admonition to leave the country within fifteen days. Whipping, bloodshed, raping of col ored girls by white men, destruction of Negro property, a little library in a Negro cabin thrown into the fire with the stern command that no book be found again in that house—this is the real Ku Klux that an element in the South today proposes 'to emulate. It may have originated with a better group who desired simply to overawe the black man, but it soon degenerated into an organized mob actuated by the cruel, murderous impulses of the lynching mob today. However, despite the advertisement given this new Klan in various places, there seems little danger that it will succeed. The best N. A. A. C. P. element in the South is outspoken in its denunciation of such tactics. The Department of Labor at Washington has as Director of Negro Economics, Dr. George E. Haynes, who has been working for months to bring about better relations between white employers of Negro labor and their employees. Law and Order Leagues have sprung up, notably the one in Nashville which gives as its platform the desire: "To create and arouse a more active public sentiment in the young and old in favor of enforcement of law and to combat the evils of lawlessness. To hold public meetings, prepare and distribute literature, provide lectures, and to urge the pulpit, press and schools to stress the necessity for the suppression of crime and the maintenance of law and order, to the end that mob violence and at least the more serious crimes shall be condemned by public sentiment and certainly punished by the established processes of the law." Leading southern papers, among them the Chattanooga Daily Times, have written against this revival of old-time terrorism. Let them take to heart the pronouncement against lynching in the address to the country on July 26. President Wilson then called upon the "Governors of all the states, the law officers of every community and above all the men and women of every community in the United States, all who revere America and wish to keep her name without stain or reproach, to co-operate, not passively merely but actively and watchfully, to make an end of this disgraceful evil. It cannot live where the community does not countenance it." No Ku Klux Klan can endure where this pronouncement of our great executive is taken to heart. And lastly, the Ku Klux will not succeed because they have a new Negro to threaten and terrify. When the white-robed figures went through the woods and the back places of the South shortly after the Civil War, they found a recently emancipated people, unlettered for the most part, without organization. Today the "Majestic Viceroys," or whatever they may call themselves, will fail to terrify men who have trained at camp, who have stood sentinel in the French forests, who have met and battled with a magnificently trained and relentless foe. And they will not be able to terrify those who have followed the exploits of their men at tho front. It is a new Negro who inhabits the South today, especially it is a new Negro youth—a youth that will not be cowed by silly superstition or fear. PINK FRANKLIN PAROLED DURING GOOD BEHAVIOR THOS E of us who helped to make history the first years of the N. A. A. C. P. will read this bit of news with a thrill of pure happiness. Pink Franklin was our first big case and our Executive Secretary, Frances Blascoer, handled it with consumate skill. She worked with prominent men of the state, she interviewed the governor, pleading with him ,to spare the life of this young man whose character was known to be straight and fine. She must get his release before the new year, for on that date Blease came into office and no hope of clemency was to be expected of him. A t last, December 30, news was received that the sentence of death was changed to life imprisonment. We all felt that a great thing had been done, but year after year passed, we were unable to do anything further and we wondered if we had accomplished so much after all. In thought, at least, life imprisonment seems little better than death. But now comes the inspiriting word that Franklin has been paroled during good behavior, which makes him a free man. We print the story of the case as it appeared in our First Annual Report, January 1, 1911: "Our legal redress work was inaugurated last summer by the presentation to Governor Martin F. Ansel, of South Carolina, of a petition for pardon from the death sentence of Pink Franklin, a plantation hand who had violated a so-called 'agricultural contract' (these contracts constituting the peonage laws of most of the Southern States), and who shot the constable sent to arrest him two months after the offense was committed. This constable, H. H. Valentine by name, broke into Franklin's cabin at three o'clock in the morning with drawn pistol, without announcing that he was an officer of the law and Franklin shot him in defense of his home. On January 6, 1911, Governor Ansel commuted Franklin's sentence to life imprisonment, but the Association will not cease its efforts to free Franklin from prison." Men of the Month. THE LATE MR. TATTEN A CIVIL WAR VETERAN CHARLES S. TATTEN, a veteran of the Civil War, died recently at Ansonia, Conn., where he had resided for nearly thirty years. He was born in Hartford, April 11, 1845, and volunteered for service in the Civil War, December 21, 1863, at New Haven, being assigned to Company A, Twenty-ninth Connecticut Infantry. Mr. Tatten was appointed a police officer at Ansonia by the late Mayor A. H. Bartholomew and for nineteen years was an active patrolman. At one time he was Sealer of Weights and Measures, besides following the business of painter, paperhanger and fresco worker. On June 28 of last year Mr. and Mrs. Tatten celebrated their Golden Wedding Anniversary. Of a family of thirteen children, five survive him, and his widow. D. C. SUGGS A SCHOOL PRESIDENT LIVINGSTONE COLLEGE, the chief school of the Zion Methodists, has had but three presidents: J. C. Price, the deceased leader; W. H. Goler, and D. C. Suggs, the present incumbent. Mr. Suggs was born and reared in North Carolina, and was a pupil of Price. He went to Lincoln and studied at northern schools. He became a teacher in the public schools and at Livingstone, and for many years he taught at the Georgia State College, Savannah. About a year ago he was called back to Livingstone, and to the task of building a modern institution on an old and honorable foundation. A PATHOLOGIST ESLANDA C. GOODE during her senior year in the College of Columbia University, New York City, was sent for by the College of Physicians and Surgeons to fill 232 MEN OF THE MONTH the position of Pathological Chemist and Technician at the Presbyterian Hospital. She now has complete charge of the Surgical Pathological Laboratory, with a senior visiting supervisor. A n article commending Miss Goode's work was published in the Medical and Surgical Report of the Presbyterian Hospital in the City of New York, Volume 10, October, 1918. Miss Goode won four-year scholarship at the University of Illinois, ranking third in the State Competitive Examination. She entered the University at the age of sixteen and majored in chemistry there for three years. Her fourth year, however, was spent at Columbia University, from which she was graduated in 1917. MISS E. C. GOODE A NEGRO SURGEON DR. J. B. FORD has the distinction of being the first Negro surgeon to act in the ambulance service of Bellevue Hospital, New York City. He is twenty-eight years of age and a graduate of Howard University Medical School, where he received his degree last June following studies in surgery and medicine. The district, in which Dr. Ford will answer calls, comprises a large part of the middle east and west sides of the city. He has, also, been assigned to service in the wards of the institution. DR. J. B. FOBD THE CRISIS AN ARMY PHYSICIAN WHE N the influenza epidemic was rag ing, November last, La Grange, Ga., was one of the cities where scores upon scores of people were dying as a result of this ailment. The U . S. Government dispatched six physicians to La Grange, among whom was First Lieutenant Edgar H. Martin of the U. S. Medical Corps. Along with the physicians was sent a corps of colored and white nurses. During the first fourteen days Lieutenant Martin treated fifteen hundred cases, losing only one, made 384 visits, averaging three persons per visit, and had under his supervision one hundred transients and hospital cases. Lieutenant Martin is the son of the Rev. J. C. Martin, District Superintendent of the South Carolina Conference. He was born in Greenville, S. C , and is a graduate of Claflin University and Meharry Medical College. For eight years he practised med icine in Atlanta, Ga., but when the call for physicians was made from the War Department, he immediately volunteered his services and was on active duty for one year. LIEUTENANT E. H, MARTIN GO, GIVE THE WORLD OTTO LELAND BOHANAN I DO not crave to have thee mine alone, dear, Keeping thy charms within my jealous sight; Go, give the world the blessing of thy beauty, That other hearts may share of my del- ight! I do not ask, thy love should be mine only While others falter through the dreary night ; Go, kiss the tears from some wayfarer's vision, That other eyes may know the joy of light! Where days are sad and skies are hung with darkness, Go, send a smile that sunshine may be rife ; Go, give a song, a word of kindly greeting, To ease the sorrow of some lonely life! THE Looking Glass "Lo, our eyes have beheld a new vision of justice, and you must help us make it real," and to all America, "We have offered LITERATURE THE REV. ARTHUR SHEARLEY CRIPPS on the South African Negro, quoted by the Rev. R. Balmforth in the London Inquirer: "He's but a child." You say so, do you not, To prove his need of stripes, to prove your right To lock his hand away, and to requite His work with wages of a child? You blot His franchise out. You mildly murmur— "What Use has he for a vote? His needs are slight; His name upon a hut-tax roll indite, And tax his blanket, too, or cooking pot." A child? He bears the burthen and the heat Of grown men's war. (How fast child-porters die! Who forced their labor? halv'd their pay? let ply The hippo-hide?) A child! Your task how sweet — To speed on blood-trails child-Askaris' feet, And set babes' hands to murder, standing by! * * * Ruth Anna Fisher writes in the Congregationalist and Advance: French canteen life must be more vivid and intense than that here in America, especially when many of the men were fresh from the battlefield, with the horror of it all still in their eyes, but it could not be more soul-stirring and pathetic than that of the canteen for colored soldiers and sailors conducted by the Y. W. C. A. here in New York City, nor could the message from the men there be more vital, more pregnant with significance. For the soldiers and sailors who came to our canteen were a very human lot, and as they told us tales of their experiences we knew that colored men were thinking as they had never thought before, and not in terms of self, but in terms of race. Many of the sailors who had made several trips to France must needs compare it with their own country, much to the disparagement of America. Al l France was open and free to them, and for the first time in their lives they knew what it meant to be treated as men; and many awaited the ending of the war with anxious interest that they might go to France to become free citizens in a free country. And now that it is over those who have come back are saying to us, their people, 235 and given our lives that you might establish a democracy in Europe and the uttermost parts of the earth, and now you must stop lynching our people, you must stop discriminating against us. You must treat us justly, you must establish a democracy here, not only in Massachusetts and Ohio and Minnesota, but in Georgia and Mississippi and Alabama, as well. As we fought and died to save Europe for democracy, with our eyes lifted to the hills, undaunted and unafraid, we will gladly go forth to save democracy to America." Will not the American people hear and give heed to this voice now whispering in their ears, lest, before they are aware, they find the whisper grown to a mighty thunder and God, as ever, marshaled on the side of right! * * * We are in receipt of the following pamphlets: "Fair Play and Other Poems," by H. E. Bamett; "The Existing Evils of the South," by Geikie Mason Smith; "Reflections Growing Out of the Recent Epidemic cf Influenza," written and delivered by Rev. Francis J. Grimke; and "When the Tide Turned," by Otto H . Kahn. This last deals with the American attack at Chateau-Thierry and Belleau Wood, in June, 1918. GRATEFUL FRANCE THE Colonial and Maritime Dispatch (la Depeche Coloniale et Maritime) Paris, France, gives a long account of the reception given by the French Colonial League in the Trocadero, Paris, in honor of her colonial troops. Among those presiding were M. Henri Simon, Colonial Minister, and M . Diagne (see p. 221) Deputy from Senegal. M. Diagne spoke of the relations existing between France and her colonies: This uninterrupted chain of devotion and loyalty which has become today a brotherhood consecrated by blood ought to rest in your hearts as a token of the new relations which are going to be ours in the very dawn of peace. From now on Frenchmen of the Mother land, Frenchmen of the colonies, let us form a union, indissoluble, indivisible, for the sake of honor and the grandeur of this country. We colonials have the right to declare to the entire world that if there TH E CRISIS is a nation which deserves this utter self-abnegation, this outburst of devotion, that nation is France. (Loud applause.) For she alone, in the face of the entire world when all Europe had united against her, insisted on claiming for her black brothers, complete liberty, that is to say, a recognition of their right to be considered in the hall of humanity. (Prolonged applause.) I do not wish here to touch upon the series of exploits which our colonial peoples, by the coming of their sons into France, have achieved in the course of the war; the sufferings which we have endured, indeed doubly endured because we had the climate against us, represent such a vast effort that in magnifying that effort we do nothing but magnify still further the merits of France. * * * M. Henri Simon, Colonial Minister, spoke of the responsiveness of the Colonials: From the very first day, their hearts were with us, and their unrestrained eagerness to take up arms for France gave a striking and splendid proof of this. In the midst of horrors, their self-confidence showed no sign of weakness and in the terrible hours in which we were forced to yield to the harsh attack of the invader, their ardor seemed to take measure of their peril and to increase with it. On the Western Front as on the Eastern they heaped exploit on exploit. The black army whose formation had been so well previsaged by Colonel Man-gin became a reality of noble vigor and sturdy activity! Under the orders of this same great leader who had become the glorious general of the army, this black power, whose superb role he had been able to foresee on the battlefields of Europe, quickly surpassed our highest hopes. Who can describe the gay courage and the heroic devotion of these soldiers from the colonies? These qualities were to be seen on all sides, in the Champagne offensive and that of the Somme as well as in the trenches of the Oise and of Argonne, or in the bloody assaults in the Dardanelles. Whether they were attacking the fortress of Douaumont or retaking the mill of Laffaux, there was always the same unfaltering rush toward the enemy. Everywhere their irresistible elan in attack, their unshakable firmness in defence, their impassive courage, their sublime spirit of sacrifice, struck terror into the German ranks, brought tears to the eyes of their leaders and cries of admiration even from their vanquished foes. In the first days of that year, when the government under the pressure of military exigencies decided to arrange for a new recruiting in West Africa, I addressed these words to M . Diagne: "In the name of the authority which is vested in you by virtue of your position and title as Commissioner of the Republic in West Africa, in the name also of the influence which you exercise personally on your compatriots, go and tell them what France represents in the world. Tell them of the German assault and of the heroic resistance of an invaded nation. Make them understand with your wonderful eloquence that a victory to which they contribute will save their race as well as ours. And above all give them the assurance that their patriotic sacrifice will not be in vain and that it will create for grateful France a debt which she will one day pay in full." * * * The Dispatch concludes: And while the list was being read of the glorious citations bestowed on these marvelous troops, there they stood, literally covered with medals and crosses, as impassive to the sound of ovations as they had been beneath the fire of the enemy—sharpshooters and spahis of Algeria, Tunis and Morocco; Senegalese, Somalis, sharpshooters from the Pacific, Malgaches, Indochinese, Creoles from our old-established colonies and finally native chiefs from French West Africa. Under the folds of the tattered standard of the Fourth Regiment of Tunisian sharpshooters, in the midst of the strident tones of the nouba, General Archinard conferred the Cross of Chevalier of the Legion of Honor upon three chiefs of this valiant phalanx. One of these deserves special mention, namely, Bakhane Diop. Son of a man who offered the most stubborn resistance to our penetration into Africa, he was one of the first to answer the call of stricken France. A n exquisitely conducted reception brought this celebration to its brilliant close. In the Annamite theatre the portrayal of fragments of Antar, the story of the Arabian hero, gave the last fitting touch to the splendor of the occasion. THE NEGRO AND RELIGION IS the Negro losing his stronghold on re ligion? A writer in the Boston, Mass., Evening Record, Philip A . Holmes, seems to think that this is the case: The growing indifference of the Negro toward Christianity is becoming very apparent. This indifference is especially noticeable among the Negroes of. the younger generation. Indeed, so strong is this spirit of indifference to Christianity that it is bordering on agnosticism. But why Christianity does not appeal to the younger and thinking Negro is not difficult to explain. First, the Negro has reached the conviction that Christianity, as preached and practiced, is not the great moral force or agency for good that they are asked to believe it is: it has, therefore, utterly failed to instill effective good and noble thoughts in the minds of those under its influence. The younger Negro points with alarm to the THE LOOKING GLASS persecution of his race under the influence FOLK FEARED NEGROES WOULD TELL PARIS OF of Christianity. The Negro argues further LYNCHINGS HERE that the Christian Church has watched with vacant unconcern the burning alive of his people at the stake—men, women and children—and their persecution worse than man of the Middle Ages. And in view of these inhumanities perpetrated against the Negro, the Christian Church has remained passively quiet. It is, therefore, preposterous to expect the Negro, in virtue of his education, to subscribe to Christianity when the very agency of Christianity beckons his per secution. These are facts that cannot be ignored. * * * Mr. Holmes, however, seems to feel that agnosticism will prove a definite factor in the Negroes' advance: Upon the Christian Church, then, rests the responsibility for the Negroes' drift into the realm of agnosticism. But the growing agnostic tendency of the Negro is emblematic of increasing racial intelligence, for as intelligence spreads, superstition and fear will be dissipated; and in superstition and fear, Christianity is deeply rooted. It is common knowledge that religious superstition and fear have kept not only the Negro, but many other peoples of the world in both physical and mental slavery. Well might Shakespeare say that "fear is the dagger of man's mind and superstition the instrument with which he assassinates his soul." The American Negro has always been a devout subscriber to Christianity, but, as a result, he became indifferent toward his earthly welfare; he has submitted to every kind of human persecution, believing, as it were, in the Christian teaching: "Vengeance is Mine; I will repay thee." Consequently the Negro "turned the other cheek." So it is, then, that the Negroes have been the most indifferent people on earth toward their human rights, except possibly peoples of the Middle Ages. The Negroes' belief in the Christian teaching, "Servant, obey thy master," became a part of them. So the growing agnostic tendency of the Negro should not be wondered at. The Negro is beginning to see for himself that the Christian Church has failed to preach and practice that noble theory of human brotherhood and the right action of man to man. THE DENIAL OF PASSPORTS In spite of the assurance of Dr. W. E. Burghardt DuBois, special European correspondent of TH E CRISIS, that Negroes would be welcomed at a Pan-African Congress to be held in Paris, the State Department has refused passports to Negroes wishing to attend such a conference. The New York Call says: Fear that the delegates to the Pan-African Congress at Paris would tell the story of Negro lynchings, "Jim-Crow" laws and discrimination against the black race in the United States, to the Peace Conference caused the State Department to refuse them passports. This charge is circulating in progressive Negro circles. It is pointed out that the State Department's declaration that the French government was opposed to the holding of the Pan-African Congress is refuted by a cablegram from W. E. B. Du Bois, official representative in Paris of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, which reads: "Clemenceau permits Pan-African Conference February 12, 13, 14, North, South America, West Indies, Africa, represented. Two of our delegates—Haiti, Liberia—sit in Peace Conference. Carefully selected delegates welcome." * * * The State Department declared, in refusing to issue the passports: "The Department is in a position to state that the French government has not been approached on the subject, but does not consider this a favorable time to hold such a conference. In the circumstances the Department will be unable to grant passports to persons desiring to proceed to Paris for the purpose of attending such a congress." The purpose of the Pan-African Congress was to urge upon the peace delegates the internationalization of the former German colonies in Africa. Last week President Wilson proposed the internationalization of the colonies, and the subject was discussed at great length before the Peace Conference. The subject was no longer a burning issue, so it is difficult to see how the State Department could have decided that the French government did not consider the present time favorable for the discussion of the announced objects of the Pan-African League. It must have been intuition, as the Department expressly says, that the French government had not been approached on the matter before Washington refused to give passports to the Negro delegates. Among those who were refused passports by order of the State Department were Monroe Trotter, editor of the weekly Boston Guardian, and Ida Wells Barnett of Chicago, a veteran campaigner in the Negro cause. Perry Howard of the Baltimore Herald, the only colored man's daily newspaper, was refused permission to go, although a journalist, and Mme. C. J. Walker had her request denied "because she was a woman." Rev. Jernigin, president of the National Race Congress, states that he could have obtained a passport for himself, but did 238 THE not want to get any special favors apart from the rest of the Negro delegation. Dr. W. E. Burghardt DuBois left for Paris toward the end of last November on the Orizaba as a journalist representing TH E CRISIS, which he edits, as the official organ of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. On behalf of the Association, he tried to have a Pan-African Congress called to assist the Peace Conference in settling the question of the former German colonies, and submitted a memorandum on it to Colonel E. M. House of the American delegation. THE RESTLESS SOUTH AFRICAN REV. R. BALMFORTH writes in the London Inquirer: In South Africa the native question is always with us, as indeed it may well be, when we remember that the proportion of natives to Europeans is something' like five to one. But of late years an uneasy feeling has been steadily growing in the minds of thoughtful observers that South Africa is unconsciously drifting towards grave racial conflict. This, at any rate, is the feeling amongst the members of the South African Society for the study of native questions. It is not merely that there is a conflict of opinion on many important questions such as Segregation, the Natives Land Act, Pass Laws, Franchise disabilities, Liquor Laws. Location administration, and conditions of labor. It is rather that the whole atmosphere, and the spirit and attitude of mind in which the two races regard and approach each other may make conflict inevitable. On the one side there is a rapidly deepening distrust, on the other the contempt of the superior race for the inferior and the determination to regard and use the inferior race merely as hewer? of wood and drawers of water. And this position has arisen despite the fact that the Government and Parliament of the country may be described as not unsympathetic to the native—if he will only "keep his place" and be an obedient serf or servant. But that is just the difficulty—the native will not "keep his place." A new spirit and new ideas are in the air, and the native demands more and better education, greater opportunities of development, more freedom, more land, a less restricted franchise, more self-government—and so on. He is denounced as "impertinent." "uppish," "conceited " and he replies with the cry of "Down with white Junkerdom " or becomes morose resentful, and distrustful. * * * Rev. Balmforth then te".s of a strike in Johannesburg in which the natives concerned were so unjustly treated that the incident called forth protests from every party in South Africa: CRISIS Civil Commissioner, Mr. J. B. Moffat, a descendant, I believe, of Moffat, the Missionary, was appointed to investigate the whole trouble and to report. His report has just been issued and it forms an answer, or one of the answers, to this question I have raised as to how to penetrate and permeate the lower circle of spirit and feeling by the higher. After enumerating various gen uine native grievances, suggesting a more sympathetic administration of the law, and various ways and methods of getting to know the native mind by frequent confer ence, he writes as follows: "As long as natives are denied the rights of citizenship as Parliamentary voters there can be no real contentment in the country. There is little prospect of their being granted these rights in the Transvaal, Natal, and the Orange Free State within the near future. In these provinces, there fore, it is necessary to provide means by which the natives resident therein can voice their views and wishes." That is one answer to the question I have raised—Parliamentary representation of the native, or, failing that, some form of representation through Provincial and Native Councils. But see what happens to one daring to advocate such a departure: The belief is rapidly spreading that Parliamentary Government is not the highest form of democracy. Certainly it has not solved the question of the rights of minorities, nor the problem of the relation of the worker to his work, and, through his work, his relation not merely to the State but to mankind at large. And so Mr. Bunting contends that in addition to the political representation of the native there must be some form of industrial organization, some guild or industrial union through which the native, along with all other workers, white or colored, can exercize a voice in the control, the ordering, and the development of his life and work and of the conditions under which he labors. This, it will be observed, goes to the root of the matter. It is real democracy. But now, will it be believed that, because Mr. Bunting has set himself to advocate this as a possible solution of our difficulties, he, too, has been haled before the magistrate on the charge of causing disaffection amongst the natives and "inciting to public violence." The mere fact of the prosecution is enough to take away the breath of the average industrialists—outside South Africa. It takes us back to the dark days of industrial slavery, of the early nineteenth century, with its suppression of trade unionism and the rights of combination. * * * The writer hits on the real cause back of such a decision: THE LOOKING GLASS But now the reader will naturally ask— if the Government is not unsympathetic to the native, how could it bring itself to allow such an outrageous prosecution? and the answer is—and it is big with Fate —blindness, stone-blindness to the fact that the native has the same or similar aspirations, instincts, desires, personality and soul, as the ordinary white human being— spiritual qualities which absolutely forbid him to "keep his place," that is, to acquiesce in the condition of perpetual servitude. NEGRO SOLDIERS AND LABOR WHA T assurance has the returning Negro soldier that he will be given work? He should never have occasion to doubt it. S. P. Thorpe writes in the Philadelphia, Pa., Public Ledger: The position of the Negro in the reconstruction of the world has been sincerely and widely discussed by the ablest minds of our great nation, from the Atlantic to the Pacific and from Canada to the Gulf. There need not be any great revolution of thought nor storm of debate concerning the place which the Negro is to occupy in the reconstruction of this country or the world. When circumstances threw our nation into the whirlpool of material destruction and human slaughter, the ruling millions lost no time in declaring that the "world must be made safe for democracy" and that the combined forces and resources of the United States, to the last dollar and the last man, would be drawn upon to carry the war to victorious conclusion and guarantee to every people throughout the world the right to life, liberty and the undisturbed pursuit of happiness. In accordance with this democratic spirit, 11,000,000 people spoke with one voice and said, "We'll plant the future peace and freedom of the world upon the tested foundations of political liberty." Then every red-blooded American caught the fever of "preparedness" and its temperature ran up 7,000 degrees. Every man and woman in every nationality under the Stars and Stripes was mustered into military or industrial service, and every one strained every nerve every day, until the greatest generals that military science has ever produced declared that "It's finished," thus guaranteeing to the nations of the earth the greatest blessing since the babe was born at Bethlehem. * * * This writer urges America to be consistent : Let the fever for. reconstruction run as high in the moral, industrial, economic and spiritual anatomy of America as it did for "war service." Let industry be extended to the colored American and the same unlimited opportunities to serve in reconstruction as it did in war times. Let the high standard of American morals reach forth that same generous hand of helpfulness in reconstruction as it did when we were "all Americans." Let America share her blessings as generously with the colored workers and supporters in reconstruction as she did while "all Americans waged the fiercest battles." Let religion preach national unity in reconstruction with as much honesty, disregard of racial lines and burning fervor of soul as it did when "both races went 'over the top' together." Let American politics fulfill the designs of God with as much impartial justice and respect for the efficiency of every nationality on the continent while we are rebuilding the world as they did while we were destroying and devastating it, and the question as to what position the Negro will hold during the busy period will be lost in the unselfish and democratic spirit of wholehearted service that will be a second blessing to the people of the earth. SCHOOLS THE problem of Negro education seems to be lightening up. Both the North and the South feel that the campaign for more and better Negro schools is quite in order. The Burlington, Vt., Free Press says: Let no one imagine that the task of promoting Negro education and racial good will is completed or even about to be completed. The needs are so great and varied and the extent of country so vast that what has been done is, after all, only a beginning, a clearing of the way for reaching back to the remote country neighborhoods where most of the colored people are found, with all the helpful agencies of education. How soon the Southern States can meet the unparalleled demands of public education for Negroes in the face of the greatly increased demands for white schools in spite of the great progress of recent years is yet an unanswered question. * * * To this the Shreveport, La., Journal replies appositely: There are signs that sentiment is changing in the South with respect to educating the Negro. For some years the idea was that intellectual development of the black man had a tendency to destroy his usefulness. This was not an unkindly thought, since it took reckoning of the value of the Negro as an agricultural and industrial unit. The theory that "education spoils the Negro" has been present in many southern discussions of the race question. But the war has brought to us many new ideals and not the least important among them is that which suggests realization of our full duty to every dependent and trusting element of the population. As an abstract proposition, if the power to confer TH E CRISIS them is within our reach, we have no right to withhold from the Negro school advantages to which he is entitled by virtue of his energy and thrift. Time was when a statement of this kind would be regarded as unfortunate. Today it is viewed differently. The idea that Negro education is a privilege to be grudgingly bestowed no longer obtains among men and women really interested in the prosperity and development of the country. Providing adequate school facilities for the Negro is counted by them a pressing and important duty of citizenship. We find the Louisiana State Department of Education making an earnest plea for the extension of these school facilities, and supporting it with the argument that a few years ago would have sounded strange to southern ears. We find the State Superintendent, Hon. Thomas H. Harris, addressing parish school boards and superintendents on the subject and inveighing against the unfairness of the present system of distributing school funds in the state. We find Hon. Leo M . Favrot, State Agent of Rural Schools for Negroes, pleading for "a real parish system of schools for our Negroes in every parish in Louisiana," and Mr. Harris strongly supporting that appeal. * * * Messrs. Harris and Favrot admit frankly that while Louisiana pays more per capita than any Southern State for the education of white children, it pays less than any state in the union for the education of Negroes. These two educators hope to adjust this. The Journal continues: The State Department of Education appeals for better Negro schools "from the viewpoint of our economic and industrial development, from the viewpoint of health, public safety and justice." And we do not think that is overstating the case. The idea that Negro education should be confined to industrial training and that paths which lead to intellectual development be closed to the black man is rapidly disappearing. This for the very good reason that the two courses unite; one is dependent upon the other. It is impossible to teach a man the very best use of modern agricultural implements, for example, unless he has the intelligence to learn. Scientific farming is as complex a study as was ever taught at any American university. A dolt could never be a proper servant of industry. The leaders of public education in Louisiana have begun to plow an altogether new field, but we have a conviction that their work will bear fruit. WE SAVE OTHERS THAT we Americans who have done such yeomanly service in saving others cannot save ourselves is the fear of the vress. We can cure evils or at least suggest a remedy for them in foreign coun tries, but we cannot stop lynching in America. The Pittsburgh, Pa., Dispatch says pertinently: Hints recently given circulation that the motive for President Wilson's proclamation against lynching was a desire to protect possible victims of Prussian propaganda are not less noticeable for the tendency to increase trouble than an inference half expressed that lynching cannot be stopped in the United States. Whether the President had in mind the protection of unintelligent tools of insidious German racial propagandists by issuing his proclamation just in advance of certain disclosures may be left to Mr. Wilson and those who seem to hold that view. The President, no doubt, is able to defend his action. The implication that lynching cannot be stopped is a reflection upon the common decency of all Americans which few, if any, will suffer without protest. "If President Wilson is determined to end this grave evil, the manner in which he proposes to attack it will enlist the attention of all citizens," seems to be asking Mr. Wilson to begin a task which it appears assumed will be impossible to finish. It sounds like requesting the President to suggest a way to do what one critic believes cannot be done in spite of the fact that lynchings have been prevented in the darkest part of the lynching belt by officers who retained a sense of duty. The inference that "all citizens" will be interested in Mr. Wilson's plans to attack this "grave evil" because everybody else agrees it cannot be accomplished, is too much like confessing to national lawlessness to suit the average American. * * * The Chicago, 111., Evening Post frankly deplores the prevalence of lynch law at the very time the American Negro was making good on the battlefield. It says: Yet while these men were thus laying their lives upon their country's altar, 219 Negro men, women and children were lynched; and, in addition, 175—women and children as well as men—were tortured, burned and killed at East St. Louis, in our own proud commonwealth, reminding us once again that mob spirit and racial hatred know no section. Some of the lynchings were accompanied by a fiendishness never surpassed in Indian annals, eyes being gouged out with red-hot pokers and slow fires built to prolong the victims' torture—in one instance to four hours. This story of savagery has a familiar sound. We have heard it for four years from across the seas, different in detail, but the same in the bestial and ferocious spirit displayed. But the Hun, we are told, was indoctrinated by his masters with a belief in frightfulness. Whence comes ours? (Centra! News Photo Service.) THE OLD 15th NEW YOKE RETURNS HEROES OF THE OLD 15th NEW YORK 241 The Horizon VINCENT SAUNDERS THE WAR A COLORED soldier with the American Expeditionary Force writes: A few days after my arrival I was ordered to the First Army Corps School for special instruction on the work of the 3-inch Stokes Mortar Gun. After finishing my course with a creditable mark I was ordered to the front line trenches. I went into my platoon room and said: "Boys, we are ordered to the line. I want all volunteers. Who will go? It takes four privates and one corporal to man one of these guns." I got more men than I could use, which shows how willing our colored soldiers are to face death, especially when they have colored officers with them who know their business. C The State Agricultural and Industrial School for Negroes at Nashville, Tenn., has been notified by the Adjutant-General of the U . S. Arm y that the institution has been designated a branch of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps. Lieutenant Grant Stewart, who was in charge of the S. A. T. C. at the school, has been appointed Commanding Officer. There are 400 students at the school, of whom over 100 will be in the training corps. Tuskegee Institute, also, has been designated a branch of the R. 0. T. C. Al l male students over fourteen years of age are eligible for enlistment. Those maintaining highest records in military science and practice may be recommended for further training for a commission. The Government furnishes a full uniform for each student. C The Regimental Flag of the 370th U . S. Infantry, colored, on Thanksgiving Day was presented by Lieutenant-Colonel Otis B. Duncan, a Negro, to General Vincenden. commanding the 59th Division, French Army. C Lieutenant George C. Lacy, of the 370th U . S. Infantry, colored, was decorated by General Vincenden. of the 59th French Army, December G, for bravery in action. C Dr. Robert R. Moton, after a 1,000 mile motor trip to the American Negro troops in Alsace-Lorraine and elsewhere, has reported to the American Peace Delegation that the condition of these soldiers is satisfactory. Dr. Moton returned to the States in January on the steamer Canada. C The Prefect of the Maritime District has decorated the flag of the 372d Infantry, colored, with the French War Cross. The regiment had been cited in an army order for brilliant conduct in the Champagne offensive. C Fifty-five out of fifty-nine young colored men were recently commissioned Lieutenants in the U. S. Army from the Army Candidates School in France. A French officer in commenting upon the good work of this group of men at the end of a manoeuver which was being executed by many groups expressed himself thus: "Those are the boys who do things. They put guts in their work." C Because many companies will not insure Negroes, it is urged that Negro soldiers and sailors keep their government insurance policies in force. If a policy has been dropped, a period of six months is allowed for the payment of back dues and its renewal. C Major-General DeRosey C. Cabell, Commanding Officer of the Southern Department, after inspecting the troops and forts along the Mexican Border said, "Relations between the civilian population and troops in the districts visited were very satisfactory, especially at Columbus (N. M.) and Nogales (Ariz.) where colored troops are stationed. The Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Regiments of Infantry, colored, are exceptionally well disciplined and dressed and their training is most satisfactory in every respect." C Young colored girls in the South under the supervision of colored Y . W. C. A., women have specialized in war gardens at Petersburg. Va.; in Georgia they have formed eighteen patriotic clubs with nearly five hundred members and in Richmond, Va., eleven clubs with 250 members; there are thirty-eight clubs at Little Rock, Ark. 242 THE HORIZON SOME COLORED "T" WORKERS OVERSEAS C The colored Motor Corps of the Hayward Unit in New York City has its own ambulances, six private cars and a truck. The women,' under Lieutenant Sadie Leavelle, visit the hospitals daily; take the wounded Negro soldiers to their canteen, sightseeing and to churches, while for those who cannot be removed they read, write letters and play games. C The Plymouth Community House has been established in Memphis, Tenn., by the Congregational Church. Rev. Russell S. Brown is Director and Bert M . Roddy, Treasurer. G The colored girls of Freehold, N . J., have formed an auxiliary to the Big County Branch of the American Red Cross. They work in the Central Headquarters under the same directress as the white members. MUSIC AND ART LEGINSKA , the distinguished pianist, has appeared in a recital at ^AEolian Hall, New York City, for the benefit of the Manassas Industrial School for Colored Youth at Manassas, Va. G Bob Kemp and George Caldwell, Negroes in New York City, have started an exclusive booking agency for colored players. C The Department of English at Western University, Quindaro, Kan., recently presented "A n Evening with Negro Composers," which is intended to become an an nual celebration at this school. Among the selections . rendered were compositions of Coleridge-Taylor, Burleigh, Dett and J. Rosamond Johnson. C Under the direction of Mme. Azalia Hackley a chorus of 250 Negro voices gave a Negro folk-song festival at the Municipal Auditorium at Savannah, Ga., of which was said: "A n admirable musician herself, the chorus under Mrs. Hackley's leadership sang with a purity of tone, a precision and control that did not lessen the fervor and abandon which gave color to these spirit uals." Special features of this festival were a folk-game by children and a chorus of teachers from the public schools. C Roland Hayes, the Negro tenor, gave a recital in New York City, January 31, at AEolian Hall, before an appreciative audi ence. His numbers included French and Russian compositions, Coleridge-Taylor's, "Onaway, Awake, Beloved" and H. T. Burleigh's "Negro Spirituals." The New York Herald says: "When a Negro tenor is presented who can sing not only the songs of his race in beautiful style, but also more modern and conventional music with rare beauty of voice and great culture, he should be welcomed by all true lovers of music." C A t a Roosevelt Memorial meeting held in the Auditorium at Springfield, 111., Royal Dadmun, American baritone, sang a group of three Negro Spirituals by H. T. Burleigh, explaining as he did so, that Mr. Roosevelt's friendliness for the colored race warranted his choice of the Negro folksongs. C The Etude Club of Lima, Ohio, devoted its study and program at a January meeting to "The Negro in Music." Selections from R. Nathaniel Dett, H. T. Burleigh and Coleridge-Taylor were given. A t a matinee recital of the Women's Music Club, of the same city, a group of piano trios, piano solos and vocal numbers by Coleridge-Taylor, and readings from Paul Lawrence Dunbar were presented on the program. C Mrs. M. C. Hare, author-pianist, on January 19 gave a lecture-recital on "Afro-American and Creole Music" in the Lecture Hall of the Boston Public Library, with the assistance of William H . Richardson, baritone. They received many encores from the large audience present. The recital Was one of four musical programs arranged by the Library Trustees for the season 1918-1919 and the first presentation of a THE CRISIS musician of color in the Boston Public Library lecture course. G William H. Richardson, baritone, proved his artistry and musical ability at his recital in Jordan Hall, Boston, Mass., on January 30. The Boston Globe says: "Mr. Richardson has a baritone voice of manly quality, resonant and expressive. Seriousness of purpose, excellent presence, native feeling and a commanding style mark his singing. Last night he pleased his audience in songs ranging from Alessandro Scarlatti's finely sustained '0 Cessate di Piagarmi' to a group of Afro-American and Creole folk-songs and the Pagliacci Prologue." G Carl Fischer, music publisher, announces "Bandanna Sketches," four Negro folk-song arrangements by Clarence Cameron White, for violin and piano. The numbers are 1, Chant; 2, Lament; 3, Slave Song; 4, Negro Dance. G A t the Detroit Athletic Club Musicale, Dorothy Follis, an American mezzo-soprano, sang Burleigh's "Three Shadows," while at Salina, Kansas, John McCormack, noted tenor, sang Burleigh's "Little Mother o' Mine". C Mrs. Daisy Tapley is conducting her second annual series of Educational Recitals in New York City. Miss Helen Hagan, pianist, and Harry Delmore, tenor, were the artists at the first of the series. Lawrence Brown added greatly to the program in his sympathetic accompaniments. Mrs. Florence Cole Talbert, soprano, and Roland Hayes, tenor, were the artists at the second concert of the series. G The Utopia Neighborhood Club of New York City has given its second matinee musicale with wounded Negro soldiers as guests of honor. G The Alumni Association of the Dunbar High School of Washington, D. C, has commissioned May Howard Jackson, the sculptress, to make a life size bust bronze of the poet, Paul Laurence Dunbar. INDUSTRY FOREST B. WASHINGTON, Supervisor of Negro Economics for the State of Illinois, makes a statement that 99 per cent of the Negro soldiers who have returned to Chicago from overseas service have been unable to find employment. He says: "The conduct of Chicago employers at the present time does not justify the faith in the gratitude of the American people, held by Negro soldiers when they went 'over the top!'" C Mrs. F. 0. N. Butler, Industrial Supervisor and Local Home Demonstration Agent, Mecklenburg County, broke the record for North Carolina last season by organizing clubs and canning 78,000 quarts of fruits and vegetables. G Negro employees of the Belt Freight Houses, Houston, Texas, have organized under the American Federation of Freight Handlers. Mr. S. D. Ross was elected president. G Charles H . Wilkins, a Negro, has been made foreman at the shipping dock of the Buick Motor Company, Flint, Mich. He has charge of 125 white men. G The Negroes of Kellyville, 111., are organizing a Co-operative Society. They have their State Commission and are capitalizing at $2,500, the major part of which has been paid in. MEETINGS AT a meeting of the Board of Managers of the Freedman's Ai d Society of the M . E . Church, Cincinnati, Ohio, a resolution was passed asking Congress to adopt a law for the suppression of lynching. Appropriations aggregating half a million dollars were made for the maintenance of the work of this organization among Negroes. G A discussion of "National and Race Problems" has been held in New York under the auspices of the Brooklyn Civic Forum. The speakers were Lajpat Rai of India, James Weldon Johnson, the Negro Field Secretary of the N . A . A . C. P., and Rabbi Israel H . Levinthal. G Active discussion of the colored man's changing place in the economic and political world was given at the twenty-second annual meeting of the American Negro Academy, held in Washington, D. C. John W. Cromwell spoke on "Africa at the Peace Conference," Arthur U. Craig on "The Negro in a Democracy," Roscoe C. Bruce on "The Negro and the New Order," and William H. Ferris on "Alexander Crummell: An Apostle of Negro Culture." C At a meeting in Old South Forum, Boston, Mass., Moorfield Storey^ President of the N. A. A. C. P., in an address on "What of the Negro Problem"? said: "With the return of the colored man from the front TH E HORIZON and a determination on the part of a cer tain element in this country to put him back in his place, there will be another civil war in this country unless conditions are remedied. All the strength in this country could not stop such an uprising. The Negro population today is about one- tenth of the total population—but that tenth with proper spirit could bring about a worse uprising than the rest together could prevent." Roland W. Hayes, the Negro tenor, rendered a program featur ing H. T. Burleigh's "Negro Spirituals." ft The Colored Druggists' Association of the District of Columbia has held its an nual meeting. Mr. R. P. Elummer was elected president. ft The Colored Chefs' Progressive Association of America, inc. has been organized to promote the mutual interests of its mem bers. Edward D. Ellerby, of Jamaica, N. Y., is director. C Colored men and women at the call of the War Workers Community Service have formed an organization for the vicinity of Chester, Pa., and outlined plans for carry ing on their work, with Mrs. S. C. Fernandis, a widely known colored social worker, as executive secretary. POLITICS INCORPORATION papers have been filed * for the National Independent Civil and Political Colored Voters' Association of America, with headquarters at 261 Mulberry Street, Newark, N. J. The trustees are: Rev. S. L. Corrothers, Rev. J. H. McDavis, Rev. T. R. Redd, Rev. T. T. Tucker, Thomas Cooper, Walter Darden and William Jackson. The aim of the organization is: "To crystallize among colored people in the United States a sentiment for constructive action on all questions touching their political, industrial and social welfare; to stimulate independent political activity among groups of voters in various localities for the purpose of homogeneous action on vital questions affecting the general welfare of the colored race; to develop colored political leaders throughout the United States who will teach the colored voters to so focus their strength as to swing a preponderant mass of opinion on the side of remedial legislation against discriminatory laws; to encourage the publication of newspapers, magazines and other periodicals having for their purpose the creating of an active sentiment against lynch law and mob violence." II. Two planks in the Republican National Platform of 1920 practically agreed upon at the session of the Republican National Committee, held in Chicago, embraced a quotation from Abraham Lincoln: "In a democracy, when a majority rule by the ballot through the form of law, these physical rebellions and bloody disturbances are radically wrong, unconstitutional, and are treason. Property is desirable. It is a positive good in the world. That some should be rich shows that others may become rich, and hence it is a great encouragement to enterprise. Let not him that is homeless pull down the house of another, but let him work diligently and build one for himself. Thus, by example, assure him that his own shall be safe from violence when built." There was also a quotation from Theodore Roosevelt: "In the long run the thrift, industry, energy and capacity of the individual must always remain the chief factors in his success. By unwise or dishonest legislation or administration on the part of national authorities all these qualities in the individual can be nullified, but wise legislation and upright administration will give them free scope." ft Mayor Peters at Boston, Mass., has appointed John C. Davis, a Negro, Assistant-Registrar in the Election Department, at a salary of $1,500, to fill the unexpired term of the late Frank Enos, which ends September 30, next. Mr. Davis has long been connected with the Republican Committee of Ward 13. ft Captain S. T. Sneed, a Negro in Cincinnati, Ohio, has been installed for the fifth term as Deputy Sheriff of Hamilton County, under the Republican administra tion. He is fifty-eight years old. ft State Treasurer Fred E . Sterling at Springfield, 111., has appointed a Negro, J . Harold White, to the position of Warrant Clerk; also Samuel J. Morton, of Quincy, and Louis F. Finnie, of Cairo, as Guards in the Treasurer's Office and H. T. Bowman to a place in the House of Representatives. THE CHURCH THE fortieth anniversary of Berean Presbyterian Church, Philadelphia, Pa., and of its sole pastor, the Rev. Mat thew Anderson, was celebrated January 25-27. Rev. Frances Grimke, of Washing THE CRISIS ton, D. C.i delivered the anniversary sermon. Rev. Anderson, also, celebrated his seventy-first birthday. C The Joint Centenary Committee of the Methodist Episcopal Church announces that $3,900,000 of its proposed $80,000,000 "Centenary Fund," 'which is to be raised by June 1 of this 3'ear, will be devoted to "the improvement of social, moral and religious conditions" among the Negroes of the United States. GJ . N . Ruffin, of the London Chamber of Commerce, has made an appeal for volunteer missionaries to christianize black tribes of former German colonies in Northwest Africa. He intimates that the British Government is ready to finance educated American Negroes for this purpose. EDUCATION BUTLER W. NANCE, President of the Columbia. S. C, Branch of the N. A. A. C. P., writes to the chairman of the Association: We have won the fight for Negro teachers in the city schools of Charleston. After the Legislature had told the School Commissioners that if they did not come to some agreement with the petitioners the Legislature would pass the Bill, a resolution was passed agreeing to turn the schools over to Negro teachers in 1920. C The Kappa Gamma Kappa, composed of Negro college women in New York City, has given an Oriental Fete for the purpose of establishing a scholarship fund. C The Chamber of Commerce has endorsed Superintendent of Education Brooks' recommendation for an appropriation of $32,000 to be used in providing a dormitory for boys and for necessary equipment for an industrial course at the State Normal School, Elizabeth City, N . C. SOCIAL PROGRESS THE U . S. Public Health Service at Washington, D. C , is waging a cam paign for the prevention of venereal dis eases and urging soldiers and sailors to live up to the standards of the government. It has instituted an educational program, including lectures, pamphlets, placards, stereopticon slides and moving pictures, which will be gladly furnished to interested persons. C In Common Pleas Court No. 3, in equity session, Judge W. C. Ferguson refused to issue an injunction against Grand Master Edward H. Morris and the other members of the Sub-Committee of Management of Odd Fellows to restrain them from continuing in and exercising the functions of the offices held by them; he also declined to appoint a receiver to take over and manage properties and assets of the Order, saying: "As the court sees the matter, it appears to be a dispute as to who shall hold the offices—Grand Master Morris and those who are now in, or those who want to get in, but are on the outside." G That there should be a nation-wide policy and program of work for adjusting Negroes to American life and some national committee or commission made up of white and colored citizens to promote such an effort is set forth' in an article by Dr. George E. Haynes, Director of Negro Economics, Department of Labor, in The Public, issue of February 8. C Mrs. C. R. Williams, of Madison, 111., who was assaulted on a street car in East St. Louis during the riot of July 2, 1917, has been awarded a judgment of $2,000 against the East St. Louis and Suburban Railway Company. C The new building of the colored Y . M . C. A. on Druid Hill Avenue, Baltimore, Md., has been completed at a cost of $100,000. C Dr. James B. Dudley has been appointed by Mayor Stafford to serve with a delegation of prominent white citizens as a committee to decide whether or not the city limits of Greensboro, N . C , are to be extended. C Three Negroes, Professor R. L. Logan, Professor J. S. Harris and C. W. Stokes, were elected Bill Clerks of the 50th General Assembly of Missouri. C Julius Rosenwald has given $25,000 for the completion of a colored Y . M . C. A. building in Columbus, Ohio. PERSONAL HARRY LIAS was a volunteer in the " "Fighting Fifteenth." He was a successful candidate in a French Army Officers' School. He has since made the supreme sacrifice in France. Major Lorillard Spencer writes: "I remem ber Lias as one of the ablest and most con scientious men during Lt. Lias the time in whichcommanded the First Battalion. It is a wonderful thing that the Old Fifteenth was THE CRISIS ADVERTISER able to put into other organizations, through those who went out from it, some of that splendid spirit of self-devotion to duty which made possible the enviable record of which its members and the people who sacrificed so much at home have a right to be both thankful and proud." C Mr. S. M . Kendrick, Secretary of the District of Columbia Branch of the N. A. A . C. P., has been made Assistant to the Business Manager in the office of the Chief of Ordnance, War Department, Washington. An extract from the recommendation for his promotion to this position reads: "Although those who have worked under him have always been white, he has apparently never experienced any difficulty in performing his work and directing that of others and the undersigned has heard nothing but praise from those who have worked under him." d Henry Fleming, colored, bookkeeper in the Street Cleaning Department, Indianapolis, Ind., has been designated by the Board of Public Works as Acting Second Assistant Superintendent, with an increase in his wage from $1,200 to $1,500. fl William Pickens, the widely-known Negro orator, on invitation addressed the members of the West Virginia State Legislature. He spoke on "Reconstruction," especially as it affects American Negroes. He also spoke before the members of the Chamber of Commerce, who entertained him with a luncheon. The West Virginia Legislature has three Negro members. t£ William J. Stockley, of the St. Christopher Club, New York City, has won in succession ten distance races, inaugurated by various clubs of the city. His last triump was a 4 1/2-mile race by the Morningstar Club. CMr. J. T. Jackson, a member of the Police Department, Washington, D. C, has been promoted to a Precinct Detective and assigned to duty at the Fourth Precinct. CRIME THE following lynchings have taken place since our last record: January 18, Shreveport, La., Henry Thomas; accused of murder. January 20, Hillsboro, Tex., Bragg Williams, burned to death; accused of murder. January 29, Monroe, La., Sampson Smith, hanged; accused of murder of a white man, Blanchard Warner. Roland W. Hayes Phonograph Records NOW READY AND ON SALE (Order by Number) No. I. Swing Low, Sweet Chariot $1.50 Negro Spiritual. by Harry T. Iturli-iKli. No. 2. Vusti La Glublm (Put on Your Smock).. .$2.00 Arioso from l'nuIlaiTi. Orchestral Aecoiijpuiiiniwit, U'oui-iivnllo. No. 3. Twilight $1.00 lty IvallRTiim A. Glen. No. 7. By and By $1.50 By Harry T. Burleigh. AGENTS BOSTON, Max., A. J, Jackson and; Co., l:J0 Boylatnn St. BOSTON. Mass., Harold Wbliham, 1781 Washington SI. BOSTON, Mass., IUcks, Laney and Eaton, 798 Tre mont St. BOSTON, Mass.. I!. A. Dlnsmnre, 1221 Tremont St. CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Mrs. G. W. IN'owell, S90 Main St. SPRINGFIELD. Mass., J. W. Adams. 150 Eastern Ave. WOBURN, Mass.. Edward Caldwell, 38X Main St. DETROIT. Mich.. Miss Grace L . .May, 253 Woodland A VP.. MONTGOMERY, Ala., Wm. G. Porter. 308 Mar«aret St. TUSKEGEE. Ala., Arthur Logan. Tuskegee Institute. BIRMINGHAM. Ala., Miss E . O. Wyatt, 1319 Ave nue 11. JACKSONVILLE, Fla„ J. M . Robinson. Jr.. 1924 Eaat SL BALTIMORE. Md.. W. H. Roberta. 235 N. Amity St. PORTLAND. Ore., Mrs. E. D. Cannady, 401 Buchanan Bldg. PHILADELPHIA. Pa., lira. Margaret Corbett. 1941 BainljriilKe St. SAN FRANCISCO, Cal„ Harry p. Johnson, Security Savings Bank. OAKLAND, Cal., Mrs. A . M . Smith, 494 Moss Ave. CHARLESTON. S. C. E. B. Lawrence. 470 King SL NORFOLK. Va_. Miss B. C Smith, 8U2 Avenue A. PITTSBURGH, Pa„ Mrs. Chas. H. Trusty, 820 Ana heim St. WASHINGTON, D. C , Dr. C Sumner Wormley, 997 Florida Ave. SPRINGFIELD, ill.. Miss Alice E. Williams, Box 131. Chatham. 111. MADISONVILLE. Ky.. J. A. Watson. 117 Main St. LOUISVILLE, Ky.. Mrs. H. W. Jordan, 822 W. Wal nut St. LOUISVILLE, Ky„ Columbia Phonograph Co. PROVIDENCE, R. I., Miss Fiorina M . Williams, 297 Thayer SL NEW YORK CITY. N. Y., Dr. Harry C. Blue. 503 Lenox Ave. M0NTCLAIR, N. J., James D. Williams, 7 Walnut PI. COLLINGSWOOD, N. J., Mr. R. M . Taylor, 501 Park Ave. WACO. Texas. Miss Lula Mayes. 1127 N. 7th St. MERIDIAN. Miss., L . L Foster. 1207 26th St. INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., W. H. Roberts, 601 West St, WILMINGTON, Del.. Mrs. Elizabeth D. Bant.in. 921 French St. GREENVILLE. S. C, Mr. James R. Kennedy, 630 Pendleton St. CHARLESTON. W. Va., Mr. Edward C Lewis. Eos 1204. WILLIAMSBRIDGE, N. Y.. Mr. Robert H. O. Young, 743 E . 2ISth St. DETROIT. Mich., Mr. W. Arnold Hooper, 647 SL Antolnp St. TULSA. Okla., Mr. Harrison M . Magill, 3051'/. N. Hartford Ave. ATHENS. Ga.. Fir. Charles Walton. 1211% Clayton St. DAYTON. 0.. Mr. R. D. McGregor, 100 Pontlac St. CHICAGO. III., Mr. David Mitchell, 042S Eberhard PARKERSBURG, W. Va., Mrs. James E. Edmondson, 591 5lh St. ST. LOUIS. Mo., Mr. Claborne Riddle. 420S W. Coto Brilliante. NEW YORK CITY. Tho Pace and Handy Music Co.. Inc., 1547 Br hvay. STAMFORD, Conn., Mr. Emmett Lewis, Box 277. Reliable and energetic Agents wanted in cities not here mentioned. Roland W, Hayes, Tenor. Recitals, Concerts, Oratorio, Opera, Booking engagements for Continental Tour, season 1919. For terms, dates, etc. please write. Roland W. Hayes 3 WARWICK ST. BOSTON, MASS. Mention TH E CRISIS. 248 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER MEN AND WOMEN TRAINED IN AGRICULTURE WILL BE IN GREAT DEMAND AFTER THE WAR Secretary Lane is urging that plans and "Plans for providing the returned soldier with land surveys and studies be instituted now so that are rapidly taking shape. when demobilization begins, farms and homes * * * Let us not think of may be offered to the returned soldiers on the the individual returned sol most encouraging terms. dier exiled to a tongue of green land between the stony breasts of western mountains * * * but of orUnder the Smith-Hughes Vocational Edganic communities of one ucation Act, the Government is already train or two hundred farms with ing Teachers, Agriculturalists and Mechanics competent agricultural advisers to brace up the techwhose services will be in great demand after nique of those who are the war to help these soldiers and rural inwilling to learn."—The New habitants adjust themselves to the problems Republic. of reconstruction. Tuskegee Institute offers the Smith-Hughes Course in: Teacher-Training Agriculture Mechanics Home Economics Splendid opportunities for young men and women of purpose, and an exceptional chance for young men who have been placed in deferred classes or exempted. You may enroll NOW. Address, R. R. MOTON, Principal, Tuskegee Institute, Alabama THE HAMPTON NORMAL AND AGRICULTURAL INSTITUTE Hampton, Virginia OBJECT—Founded in 1868 by General Samuel C. Armstrong to train selected youth who should go out to teach and train their people. The Institute was designed to instruct Negro youth in morality, industry, and thrift. HAMPTON TODAY—An industrial village with 900 boarding students; 1,100 acres; 140 buildings; instruction farm of 835 acres; and 200 teachers and workers. Hampton stands for a "sound body, a trained capacity, and an unselfish outlook on life." Hampton is on the State of Virginia list of approved four-year secondary schools. OVER 650"HAMPTONIANS HAVE BEEN COURSES — Recently reIN NATIONAL SERVICE vised four-year courses in Teacher Training; Home The young men are under military dis-Economics; Business; Agricipline, and are formed into a battalion culture; and 13 Trades. with student officers. JAMES E. GREGG, D. D., Principal Mention The CRISIS 249 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNE,	 Principal. TALLADEGA COLLEGE TALLADEGA, ALABAMA Founded in 1867, for the training of Negro Leaders. Beautiful and healthful location. First class equipment. A Theological Seminary. College courses leading to the A. B. degree — Classics, Science, Education, Social Service, Music. Manual training for both sexes. Large attention given to debating and public speaking. Nurse Training. Agriculture. Graduates enter professional courses in the best Northern Universities. Alabama grants first grade teachers' certificates to graduates in Education. The product of the College noted for fine	 character and efficient service. Rev. FREDERICK A. SUMNER, President. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL Bell Phone Spruce 1924 30-Day System Portion A n Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the sisters of St. Mary. Address; TH E SISTER-IN-CHARGE, 6138 Germantown Avenue. Philadelphia* Pa. Derrick HALE INFIRMARY AND NURSE TRAINING SCHOOL, 325 Lake Street, Montgomery, Ala. Shorthand School Offers to High School graduates and young women of higher education and good moralChild/ Building character, between the ages of I8 and 36, a three years' course in the profession of nurs1435 Chestnut Street ing. For further information apply to the Superintendent enclosing a stamp. PHILADELPHIA Enron Immediately to Hold Place STENOGRAPHERS WANTED All Races in Claw Prepare in th« best school of its kind In the State Subjects Send for Enrollment Blank and full information. Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, English, Penmanship, Civil Service Training, and SPANISH. Day and Evening Classes COMMERCIAL CLASS Lenox Community Center—at Our students hold positions at the Navy PUBLIC SCHOOL 88 Yard, Arsenal, various camps and "over Lenox Avenue and 136th It., Hew York City. there." All are receiving excellent salaries Opt* All Ytar—Four Evenings Weekly.and highest praise. Fit* W. Mottley. President. A lire agency furnishes the TEACHER S connecting median, in m business waj between teacken and schools and relieves teachen of the embarrassment of Job hnnting. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, The Colored Teachers' Bureau Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas. Kentucky, MaryWill Help Yon Get A Better Paying Position. land, Mississippi. Missouri, New York, North Caro REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TEEMS 	lina, Ohio, Oklahoma. Pennsylvania. Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Virginia. Box 22, Wilberforce, 0. TOT MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1493 New York Avenue Washington. D. C Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 250 THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1227 S. 17th ST., PHILA., PA. You Are Needed as a Good Citizen in the RECONSTRUCTION PERIOD To be a good, effective, citizen in a Democracy one must be educated to do what he is best adapted to do. The Period needs educated Domestics, Fanners, Stenographers, Typists, and learned men and icemen in every capacity of service. YOU CAN RISE FROM WHERE YOU ARE TO HIGHER HEIGHTS Our students appointed at the Navy Yard, Arsenal and Post Office in 1918 as stenographers and clerks are making good. Young*women and men who were working os domestics and office aids receiving only $S and $10 per week are now earning $100 Per month. ONE OF OTJR GRADUATES "WAS A CLERK AND STENOGRAPHER IN THE WORLD WAR. Never mind your color—ability counts now. "Ignorance is the curse of God." To be educated is to be like God; to be like God is to be creative; to be creative is to produce something. If you have a good grammar school education or better—take another step up with us on April 1st by taking A Three Months* Course in PHONOGRAPHY TYPEWRITING BOOKKEEPING Write us for particulars—ask for the bound circular printed on the multigraph machine by the students. EDWARD T. DUNCAN, President A PROPHECY FULFILLED Our Book, " A Tribute for the Negro Soldier" written just Single as the United States entered the World War, said that on the basis of the Negro race's history in every age, and every Copy clime, the American Negro soldier would make his mark in 25c France. He has. Read the facts on which this prediction was made. BRUCE and FRANKLIN, Publishers 1309 E. 18th Street AGENTS WANTED Kansas City, Mo. Atlanta University Studies of NegroTHE NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY the Problems 20 Monograph* Sold Separately Contain! 896 Pages, 15 Chapters, Historical Address and Biographical, 17 Full Page Illustrations ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE Printed on Fine Antique Book, Bound in Full Green Extra Cloth, Gold Title on Front Cover ATLANTA UNIVERSITY si ATLANTA, GA. and Shelf Back. Price, net $1.26. Postage Prepaid $1.40. Order through any bookseller or direct from the author. Address $25.00 PER WEEK JOHN W. CROMWELL "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American 1439 Swann St. Washington, D. C. War" combined with "History of the Negro Race," 41)0 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK may be made in commissions by parties handling LAST CHANCE TO BUY STEWARD'S HAITIAN REVOLUTION All hut a few were destroyed by fire November 24th, and the plates have been melted up. The price will not be raised but the supply is very limited. Price $1.25, postage 10^. Address: T. G. STEWARD, Wilberforce, Ohio. M y course in Penmanship, Bookkeeping, and Shorthand through the mail will prepare you lor the posit;oo worth while. Write for information. Books? See the Selected List on A. D. Nolley, M. Pen., 519 Michigan Ave.,Buffalo, N.Y. Inside Back Cover Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 261 Southern Aid Society of Virginia Incorporated 25th Annual Report (Condensed) The Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., was chartered at Richmond, Va., February, 1893, to engage in Industrial Sick Benefit Insurance, insuring against Sickness, Accident and Death. The following report of business done during 1918 will show that the Acorn of 1893 has become the Giant Oak of 1919: Receipts Jan. 1, 1918 Cash Balance brought forward $88,317.79 Dec. 31, 1918 Annual Income 548,835.64 Gross Receipts for 1918 $637.!53-43 Disbursements Dec. 31, 1918 Total Disbursed, including investments made during the year 534-496-73 Cash Balance, Jan. 1, 1919 $102,656.70 Jan. 1, igig Total Assets $348,536.95 Jan. 1, 1919 Total Liabilities including Capital Stock . 48,676.57 Jan. Surplus Fund. $299,860.38 A record unsurpassed by any other Insurance Organization confining its business territory to one state. A few desirable agency openings in Virginia for intelligent and thrifty young men and women. SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VA., Inc. 527 N. SECOND ST., RICHMOND, VA. OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS A. D. PRICE, Pres. W, E. BAKER, Treas. EDW. STEWART, 1st Vice Pres. A. WASHINGTON J. T. CARTER, 2nd V. P. Sc Att'y. W. E. RANDOLPH B .A. CEPHAS. 3rd V. Pres. CHAS. N. JACKSON. B. L. JORDAN, Sec.-Mgr. W. A. JORDAN. Asst. Secy.-Mgr. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NORTH CAROLINA MUTUAL AND PROVIDENT ASSOCIATION Home Office, DURHAM, N. CAROLINA The Oldest, Largest and Strongest Old Line Legal Reserve Negro Life Insurance Company in the World Assets nearly One-Half Million dollars. Owns $160,000.00 in Government Bonds. The following Editorial appeared in the "Durham Daily Herald," May 10, 1918: A SUBSTANTIAL ENTERPRISE (Editorial) The North Carolina Mutual and Provident Association, a business enterprise owned, controlled and actively managed by colored men of Durham, has developed into an important asset of the city during its nineteen years of existence. It is no idle boast nor advertising motto that this company is the " largest and strongest Negro insurance company in the world." It is just that and more. It is managed along the most modern lines and is a business which not only the colored people may be proud of, but one which also deserves a high place among the new insurance companies of the southern states. Amount Paid in Claims Since Organization $1,736,504.50 Your Chance to Buy Stable Life Insurance from $500 to $5,000. POLICIES WITH ALL MODERN PROVISIONS, IN CLUDING A PERMANENT DISABILITY CLAUSE. John Merrick, President A. M . Moore, M . D., Sec'y and Treas. C. C. Spaulding, Vice-President and General Manager J. M . Avery, Assistant Gen'l Manager E . R. Merrick, Ass't Sec'y Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER BOOKS BY PROFESSOR KELLY MILLER 1. An Appeal to Conscience (just off the press—Macmillan) $ .60 2. Race Adjustment (publishers' price, $2 ) 1.50 3. Out of the House of Bondage (publishers' price, $1.50) 1.25 4. The Three Books Listed Above (publishers' price, $4.10) 3.00 5. The Disgrace of Democracy (100,000 copies distributed) 10 6. The Negro's Place in the New Reconstruction (Ready about Jan. 15, 1919) 10 Add 10% for postage to all orders. Remittance invariably in advance. Agents Wanted Everywhere KELLY MILLER, Howard University, Washington, D. C. Inform yourself as to THE EXODUS OF THE NEGROES By reading Dr. Carter G. Woodson's A Century of Negro Migration 220 Pages Price $1.10 This book is unique in that it is the first and only scientific treatise in this field. It undertakes to explain why the Negroes have migrated, where they have gone and what they have done. Agents wanted everywhere. Send all orders to the author "An Art Treasure at Home" Wm . Edouard Scott offers a rare opportunity to have a rare art treasure in your home. Send a photograph of yourself or your son or your brother who is "over there" and he will paint a beautiful portrait of him; one that will retain color for one hundred years. Absolute lightness. Guaranteed both in color and form and beautifully framed to hang. PRICE S 8 x 10 $25.00. 16 x 20 50.00 24 x 30 100.00 Terms: One-half down, balance on receipt of portrait, if absolutely satisfactory. Mr. Scott is a graduate of the Art Institute, Chicago, Julian Academy, Paris, France and the Beaux Arts, Paris. He also studied three years with H . O. Tanner and has exhibited in the Royal Academy, London, England, Salon, Paris and in most of the large Art Galleries of the United States. Address: 1216 You Street, N. W. William E . Scott,6430EberhartAve.,Chicago,Ill. Telephone—Wentworth 8810 Washington, D. C. 1124 N. Senate Ave., Indianapolis, Ind. Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER FLORENCE COLE-TALBERT Soprano "She has one of the best voices that God has given her race."—Los Angeles Times. "Special praise must be given Mrs. Florence Talbert who beside, her natural gift has already reached a high plane of professional accuracy."—Herman Devries in Chicago American. Engagements accepted for Concerts, Recitals, Oratorio. 659 23th Street. Detroit, Mich. Clarence Cameron White VIOLINIST "Critics are one in their high estimate of the splendid attainments of Clarence Cameron White and his Concert appearance in your city means the musical event of the season." For terms and dates address 616 COLUMBUS AVENUE BOSTON, MASS. CLEOTA COLLINS LYRI C SOPRANO "Miss Collins possesses a voice of wonderful quality which she manages with admirable taste and skill. Her personal charm and beauty enhanced the pleasure enjoyed from the really excellent program presented. The audience of music lovers in attendance were enthusiastic In their appreciation of the talented young lady."—Newark Daily News. ENGAGEMENTS ACCEPTED 103 "W. 143d St. New York City. Get the March Issue "Florence Cole-Talbert Number" of THE MUSIC MASTER MAGAZINE $1.00 per year—12$ postpaid per copy — (25c1 extra, foreign) Wellington A. Adams. Publisher, 1911 Ninth St., N. W., Washington, D .C. Musicians Wanted for 9th Cavalry Band Now serving in the Philippine Islands WADE H. HAMMOND, Leader This organization is being increased to FIFT Y and can place ;i few 1-t Class musicians, preference being given t • men doubling in orchestra. Musicians now serving under draft can be in ducted into regular service. —WRITE— Stating what instruments you play and experience thereon. RECOMMENDATIONS as to CHARACTER and MUSICIANSHIP should accompany application. Address—Lieut. F. J. Weber, Washington, Barracks, D.C. American Representative. Memorial of Colonel Theodore Roosevelt Great Leader of Men and Maker of History. Author—Orator—Soldier—Statesman 25th President of United S"ates. His latest Photograph in Oval Centre of Picture. Even-American will want this beautiful memorial picture. Size 16x20. Price 25c Post raid. Agents Wanted Wholesale Price: 50, $3.00; 100. $5.50 prepaid. HANZE L SALE S COMPANY . Publishers of Quality Photographs. 12 Federal Street, Pittsburgh, Pa. BUSTS OF Booker T. Washington, Fred Douglass, Paul Lawrence Dunbar, Bishop Richard Allen. $1.50 each. The 4 baits for $5.00. Agents wanted. Send at once. THE ISAAC HATHAWAY ART CO. 718 S. HICKORY ST., PINE BLUFF, ARK. Telephone, Baring 7794 ISADORE MARTIN Real Estate and Insurance Notary Public Mortgages 6 North 42nd Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Patents secured on easy terms Write for particulars. JOS. H. STEWART, Attomey-at-Law, 491 Louisiana Ave., N.W. , Waihing-ton, D. C. Central 104-W Telephones: Main 61 HARRY E. DAVIS ATTOIHIY-AT-LAW NOTAIY Pnu c '«V7 Williamaon Building Cleveland. OhU General Practice Notary Public WILLIA M R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUHSILLCI-AT-LAW 818 Metropolitan LifeMinneapolis Building  Minn. BROW N S. SMITH ATTOSM IY-AT-LA W Office*: Suite 802 Sykea Block Near Third and Hennepin TA MtTTin Hill cable Address, Epden EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNY and Counsellor-AT-Law M Scaoal Street Boston. Mas. Telephone Connection «/. Aahbie Hawkina George W. P. McMechea HAWKIN Sand McMECHE N ATTORNEYS - AT - LAW U East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Hd Badges, Banners, Lodge Regalia For all Lodge and Church Societies CENTRAL REGALIA CO. JOS. L. JONES, Pres. N. E. Cor. 8th and Plum Sts., Cincinnati, Ohio Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Colored Dolls for Your Children Teach your children pride of race and appreciation of race. Early impressions are lasting. These beautifully dressed, unbreakable, brown skin dolls designed and made by colored girls in a factory owned and controlled entirely by colored people. These are nut the old time, black face, red lip aunt Jemima colored dolls but dolls well made and truly representative of the race in hair and features. 16 inches with long flowing curls, beauti fully dressed $3.50 16 inches with marcel wave, nicely dressed 3.00 16 inches Buster Brown style hair, very neat 2.50 Soldier boy in full uniform 1.50 So far as we know this is the only Negro doll factory in the world. BERRY &amp; ROSS, Inc. Factory: 36-38 W. 135th St. NEW YORK CITY H. S. Boulin, President. Dr. E. Rawlins, Vice President, Counsellor	 P. Ifield, General Manager, S, Keid. Business &amp; Sales Manager. AGENTS WANTED WRITE FOR TERMS Only those who mean business need write us. Suburban Homes with all modern improvements on electric car line connecting Washington, Baltimore, Annapolis and Camp Meade. Auto road. 30 minutes' ride to city. Near Washington, D. C. Lots 50 by 150, $270, $10 down. $5 monthly. Houses built to order after $100 or more is paid on lot. Fertile land, good elevation, gardens, chickens, etc. Store, school, churches, community club. Booklet free: I Thos. J. Calloway live Among Friends 1403 New York Avenue there Washington.Farmers B . O.  interested and people in agriculture. Subscribe to February issue 10 cents' Modern Poultry Business Per Copy THREE HELP MONTHS US TO 12 Cents TRIAL 	SUCCEED Edited by a Colored American, who is a Cornell graduate, a teacher and farmer. 84 Corahill, Boston, Mass. PRINTING at POPULAR PRICES Good Letterheads, Envelopes, Cards, billheads or statements. 100 	$i 500, $2.25; 1,000, $3.50; 5,000, $14.75- Cash with order. Money Back Guarantee. ye MISSION PRINT SHOP SAM H. READING, ye Printer 611 N. 43rd Street PHILADELPHIA ADVERTISE SOMETHING NEW — USE FANS this Summer with interesting NEGRO SUBJECTS Your ad. tastefully printed on one side of as many as you order; carefully distributed among Churches. Halls, Business places, etc., will pay you 100%. Send for Samples—Free Salesmen with Ability—WANTED MERCANTILE CALENDAR CO. 413 Fla. Ave.. N. W. Wash, D. C. GET A PENNANT AND SHOW THE BOYS THAT THERE IS A REAL WELCOME MEANT FOR THEM This Beautiful Pennant. 9 x 22 inches, will be mailed to any address upon receipt of 25c in stamps. The only pennant featuring the colored soldier. It is made of felt cover stock of the best quality on which is mounted the pic ture. We want agents in every locality. Ex cellent profits. Send us 25c in stamps, or call on JULIAN R. MILLER, JR., 1201 Spruce St., Philadelphia, Pa. "Our Colored Fighters" "Our Colored Heroes" "True Sons ofFreedom" "The Colored Regiment" "Honor &amp; Justice to All" "Colored Man No Slacker" Here are six National and moat beautiful Negro patriotic picturos published in tills country. Our Great Colored War riorB. Should be In every home. Size 16x20. Retail for 25c. Wholesale Prices: 30. $2.00; 100, $5.50. Prepaid. Catalog Free. Samples 25c each. HANZEL SALES COMPANY, 12 Federal Street,	 Pittsburgh, Pa. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER FEET Sore and Tender Antiseptic Foot Powder, relieving excessive perspiration and offensive odors. Price 50 cents. By Mail 60 cents. DR. WILLIAM J. CARTER, Foot Specialist 167 West 136th St., New York City. Mn. M. Watson Rudd, 164 West lSlit St. New York City has placed upon the market her new ROBE NINON NTJFEET POWDEH. It is especially recommended for soldiers, clerks, railroad and factory employees, dancers and all persons who are required to stand or walk to any extent. Agenti Wanted—Write for particulars. DRY CLEANING .' New book just published. A little treasure for every woman. Tells how to Dry clean anything at home from a neck lie to a carpet. Saves time and money Inclose a silver dime in this advertisement and re turn it to us fur descriptive circular and we will • nd yon free of charge our recipe "How to Clean mill Curl 1- fathers and P'nmes." TH E ADANiS CO.. 16G Forest Ave.. Cincinnati, Ohio HOTEL WASHINGTON First-Class Service for First-Class People 3427 South Park Avenue, Chicago, III. Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 267 NATURAL HAIR WIGS DIRECT FROM THE MANUFACTURER My business is selling fine quality Human Hair Goods direct to the wearer by mail. Every wig is hand made by skilful workers, using only the best of materials and should not be confused with machine made goods which are frequently advertised at lower prices. MADE TO YOUR OWN MEASUREMENTS No. 4 Wig Short Curly Wig This wig is parted from the center in front This wig Is made of of the forehead all the shorter hair than the way hack to nape of usual wigs and dresses neck and is also parted very handsomely. It has across the head from ear a short part in front to ear. which I can make either in the center, on the This wig can also he right or the left side. made with the part in Wig is dressed in rolled front commencing at curls. either the right or left side if so desired, for My experience has which there is no extra proven that for a Short charge. When this is Curly Wig, this stylo not mentioned the wig makes up nicer than any will he made with the other style. $11.00 center part. $16.00 FREE—Illustrated catalog with instructions for ordering sent on request. SATIS FACTION GUARANTEED—All goods as represented or money refunded. ALEX MARKS, "S" 662 8th Ave. at 42nd St, New York City SPEND YOUR VACATION AT Earn $35.to $I00.WEEKLY ALL OR SPARE TIME Beautiful Idlewild The most wonderfully ideal spot where young u d old cast aside for the time all the cares and worries of their strenuous, nerve racking routine lives and romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the full nature in all her wondrous glory. The waters of (he lake and surrounding trout streams are fairly teeming with game flsb of the best varieties. Do you enjoy bathing, boating, fishing, hunting? Do you enjoy rosmlng through the woods picking wild flowers and wild berries T Do you want a place to go where you can build np your health, vitality, energy and business efficiency T Tub Do you enjoy mingling with tbe active, thinking, progressive people of the day—people who do things! Guaranteed Do you believe in progress and do you want to '&amp;\S&amp; For Tan Year* have a part in one of tbe most progressiva, movements of the timer Surely! Yon-vonrself-csn positively make $35 to MOO a week. I Then you will De Interested in. and want t* want menThustling;Wrestle, ambitious fellowsj. anxtom.to own a lot of your own in Beautiful Idlewild, make money, who orewilling to workw.th me. Not tame,but Mi'TiiKan. If you act at once you can se with me? Are yon that kind? I want you toa4vert.Be.etl1 and cure a beautiful lot for only $24.80 each; nVnnint local agents for the birrs. St.. most fensatlonal seller in 16.00 cash; fl.00 per week. When your U^yeare-tho SOMNSOM FOLDIN G BATH TUB . Demon- payments are completed the lot will be -nothing l.ke it. Makes instant appeal. Hells easily. Gives transferred to you by an absolute strath!]. Tub Furnished. Here's an absolute y new mvent.on every ASme a modern, up-to-date bathroom in any partiol! the warranty deed with abstract showing honse No plumbing, no water-works needed, iolds in small clear title. ?oT hand? as umbrella. Self-emptying, positively un eatable. Absolutely guaranteed for 10 years. Eemember, fully 70 per Good live energetic cent of homes have no bath rooms. agents wanted Sensational Sales Successes Two sales a day means S300a month. Breeze, of Maho, made Idlewild Resort S400 profit in 30 days. Kev. Otto Bchulze. Mo., got, H8O0 to date. BuikhoUer, Mont, orders S10T2 in 17 days. Hamltato^of Company Wyo . madeVO first two da- s. Hundreds l.ke that, pleasant permanent, fascinating work. Write a post card. Let me 1 0" write ycSo long letter. No experience needed.:n Kt?) 1n 1110 Hartford Bldg. ambitions, you mnst wantto make money. That sail. Write So. Dearborn St. Yourcreltisgoodif yon mean bus.ness. But J on m e.t bo Hostcard. now.. I want to pay you S3o to S100 every week. H . S. Robinaon, Pre.. . The Robinson Cabmet Mfg. Co Chicago. 10. 4927 Factories Buildini Toledo, Ohio Mention TH E CRISIS. 258 TH E CRISIS ADVERTISE R KELL Y MILLER' S HISTOR Y O F THE WORLD WAR FOR HUMA N RIGHTS or THE NEGRO IN OUR WAR (New Boole). Tells all about the war; it is fair to colored people; everyone buys; a tremendous seller. Price only $2.25, with Our Colored Fighters, free, or choice of other 25c, pictures; agents making $7 to $30 per day. Send 25c, for agent's complete outfit. 60050 Pages of Pages,  Negro Soldiers Prof. Kelly Millar, Author, Howard University, Washington, D . C. tan Mlhcr's]P{dure11xl4\G ii en with the book, or Picture matted for'25e Prof. G. A, Goodman, Treas., Mississippi M. and; I. College. Writes: "I sold 32 in one day. went out on a two day trip and sold 50." $20 to $30 Per Week being made selling our new book "Progress and Achievements of the Colored People" by Prof. Kelly Miller, showing the wonderful doings and new opportunities of our race; low prices; many pictures; lightning seller; Price, $2.00, ask for terms, write for outfit 25 cents. Books mailed to any address upon receipt of the price, satisfaction guaranteed or money promptly refunded. GET IN WITH A LIVE COMPANY MAKE THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS Austin Jenkins Co. 523 9th St., WASHINGTON, D.C. The Largest Publishers of specialbooks for Negroes. Mention THE CRISIS. A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. Hazel. (Mary White Ovington) ......................... $1.00 The Heart of a Woman and Other Poems. (Georgia Douglas Johnson) .......................................... 1.25 NORRIS Wright Cuney. (Maud Cuney Hare) ............. 1.50 The Life and Times of Booker T. Washington. (B.F.Riley) 1.50 A Narrative of the Negro. (Leila Amos Pendleton) ...... 1.50 Souls of Black Folk. (W. E. B. DuBois) ................ 1.25 A Century of Negro Migration. (Carter G. Woodson) .... 1.10 Race Adjustment. (Kelly Miller) ...................... 2.00 History of the Negro. (B. G. Brawley) .................. 1.25 The Negro Migrant in Pittsburgh. (Abraham Epstein)... .50 Granny Maumee and Other Plays for a Negro Theatre. (Ridgely Torrence) ................................. 1.50 Half a Man. (Mary White Ovington) .................... 1.00 Aftermath of Slavery. (William Sinclair) ............. 1.50 My Life and Work. (Bishop Alexander Walters) ........ 1.50 The Negro in Literature and Art. (B. G. Brawley)...... 1.35 Fifty Years and Other Poems. (James Weldon Johnson) . . 1.25 John Brown. (W. E. B. Du Bois) ....................... 1.50 Negro in American History. (J. W. Cromwell) .......... 1.25 Prince Hall and His Followers. (George W. Crawford) .. 1.00 The Haitian Revolution. (T. G. Steward) .............. 1.25 Negro Culture in West Africa. (George W. Ellis) ....... 2.00 The Negro. (W. E. B. Du Bois) .........................75 The Education of the Negro Prior to 1861. (Carter G. Woodson) ......................................... 2.00 Facts of Reconstruction. (John R. Lynch) .............. 1.50 Life and Letters of Coleridge-Taylor. (W. C. Berwick- Sayers) ........................................... 2.25 Poems of Paul Laurence Dunbar....................... 2.25 Afro-American Folksongs. (H. E. Krehbiel) ............ 2.00 Out of the House of Bondage. (Kelly Miller) ............ 1.50 Booker T. Washington. (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Beecher Stowe) .................................... 2.00 Address, THE CRISIS, : : : : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York KASHMIR PREPARATIONS FOR HAIR AND SKIN It's easy to have clear, smooth skin and pretty hair if you learn " THE KASHMIR WAY" George: Look Johnny, Who's that ? Johnny : Just wondering myself Classy all right. Must be a Kashmir Girl. For Sale at Beauty Shops and Drug Stores Everywhere FREE FREE Illustrated de luxe beauty book. Tells all about the KASHMIR WAY Kashmir Skin Preparation 50c. each Kashmir Hair Beautifier postage 8c. KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO., Dept. K, 312 S. Clark St., Chicago, Ill.