The Crisis . The CRISIS JUNE 1918 SOLDIERS NUMBER NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE President Secretary MOORFIELD STOREY JOHN R. SHILLADY Chairman Board of Directors Director of Publications and Research MAJOR J. E. SPINGARN e. b. Acting Chairman of the Board dr . w . Dubois MARY WHITE OVINGTON Field Secretary JAMES WELDOX JOHNSON Assistant Secretary Treasurer OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD WALTER F. WHITE The N A. A. C. P. has no endowments. It is supported entirely by voluntary contributions and membership fees. It appeals to all fair-minded citizens, white and colored, to join in the effort to secure simple justice under the law for colored citizens. Heretofore the Association has not had money enough adequately to carry on the fight. Join now and help The Moorfield Storey Drive for 50,000 MEMBERS Negroes in many states are disfranchised, discriminated against, "Jim-Crowed," lynched, denied equal protection of the laws, equal educational advantages for their children, and equal economic opportunity. National honor demands justice for all citizens. If every reader of The Crisis will become a member, the Association's work can be made more effective. DO IT NOW. Date , 1918. The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars or more. Oswald Garrison Villard, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. Sir: I enclose S in payment of membership dues for one year in the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, with the stipulation that one dollar of any amount remitted herewith in excess of one dollar is for one year's subscription to TH E CRISIS. Name Street City and State. TH E CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURCHARDT DU BOIS; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Contents for June, 1918 PICTURES Page COVER : After the poster painted by Robert Edmund Jones for the Circle for Negro Wa r Relief. JUDGE TERRELL 66 THE LATE MAJOR WALKER 77 NEGRO OFFICERS 78-79 NEGR O SOLDIERS 80-81 ARTICLES A LETTER FROM GENERAL BALLOU 62 A LOST DIALOGUE OF PLATO. By John D. Swain 63 A SONNET TO NEGRO SOLDIERS. A Poem. By Joseph Seaman Cotter. 64 WA R PROFILES. By Fenton Johnson 65 DEPARTMENTS EDITORIAL 59 THE LOOKING GLASS 67 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCZMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 73 THE HORIZON 82 THE JULY CRISIS The July Crisis will be Education Number. There will be pictures and news of this year's Negro graduates, a story by John L. Harrison, "A Chance To Make Good," and the usual departments. TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new addrtss must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and DRAWINGS relating to colored people arc desired. They will be received at the sender's risk, but if postage is enclosed effort will be made to return them safely, if unavailable. Entered as second class waiter November 2, 1910, at the post office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. THE NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL DURHAM, N. C. Open to Students of Either Sex. It is more than a mere school. It is a community at service and uplift. Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. The following departments are already in successful operation: Teacher Training, Industrial, Literary, Academic and Collegiate, Commercial, Missionary, Theological, Household Economics and Departments of Music. In equipment and teaching it is not surpassed by any School for the Education of Negro Youth in the South. The next term opens Tuesday, October I, 1918. For catalog and detailed information, address President, JAMES E. SHEPARD, DURHAM --- NORTH CAROLINA THE CHEYNEY TRAINING The A. &amp; T. Summer SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS School CHEYNEY, PENNA. For reasonably mature students who have The Agricultural and Technical College a good secondary school preparation, and who desire to become teachers, courses are of The Nineteenth Annual Session begins fered during the regular term in academic June 24, 1918, and continues six weeks. work, domestic science, domestic art, phys Pleasant surroundings, strong fac ical training, elementary school methods, ulty, attractive courses. wood and metal working, and agriculture, Teachers are advised to send RegisBoard and laundry privileges for the year tration Fee at once and secure lodging $125. Fall term begins Wednesday, Septemin advance. ber 18, 1918. A Teachers' Institute, under the man The Summer School for Teachers, from agement of Experts, will be conducted July 1st to July 31st, inclusive, will this year co-incidentally with the last two weeks offer primary methods, English, mathematics, of the session. history, civics and geography, plain sewing and dressmaking, raffia work and basketry, Registration Fee: to new students $2.00 art needle work, cookery, wood and metal " " : to former students $1.00 working, physical training, and gardening. Dormitory space is limited, and applications For information as to Summer School, should be made early. Cost for the four Institute or for catalog, address weeks $15,00. For further information write to PRESIDENT DUDLEY, LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Greensboro, N. C. Principal. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale. Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-eight years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Begins September 18, 1918. For Information address President R. W. Mc GRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. THE FLORIDA A. &amp; M. COLLEGE Tallahassee, Florida Offers long and short courses in Mechanic Arts, in Home Economics in Agriculture, in Education and in Science. For Catalog Address NATHAN B. YOUNG, President P. O. DRAWER 524 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1917 SOUTH ATLANTA GEORGIA Most beautiful campus of 70 acres, commodious buildings with modern conveniences. High Scholarship — Talented Faculty — Well equipped library and laboratories—Literary societies—Athletics—Co-educational—Expenses very low. $100 per year of eight months will pay tuition, board, room, etc. Comfortable dormitories with steam heat and gas light. COURSES OF STUDY Domestic Science for girls, cooking, sewing, dressmaking and embroidery. Pre-Academy—7th and 8th grades. Academy—Four years with diploma. Pre-Medical—Two years above academy. College—Four years leading to A. B. degree. Normal—Five years above grades with diploma. First Semester opened October 8, 1917. HARRY ANDREWS KING, President. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St Mary. Address: TH E SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St W. Philadelphia, Pa. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA GA College, Academy, Divinity- School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly develop ment—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gathered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE. TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest inititation of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of special ists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Chris tian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses rea sonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory. Normal. Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester began September 97, 1917. For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board Mentionthe CRISIS, THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LIVINGSTONE COLLEGE SALISBURY, N. C. A Religions Co-Educational School with a Tradition Open to AD Negroes: Only Merit Counts Students come from Twenty-nine States in the Union, from Canada Africa, the West India Islands ana Central America. And Graduates Make Good. Salisbury, North Carolina, an Ideal Place for Study with a Mild, Equable Climate, Pure Water, Breezes from Pine and other Forests a Constant Tonic—the Greatest Degree of Healthfulness. New	 Girls' Dormitory with all Modern Conveni ences Accommodating 210 just Completed and Ready Courses of Study: Grammar School, Academy, Normal, College, Divinity, Music and Industries for Boys and Girls. Expenses Moderate. Thirty-sixth Session Opened Wednesday, 0ctober 3, 1917. For Further Information Address D. C. SUGGS, President or J. E . Aggrey, Registrar. WILBERFORCE UNIVERSITY SUMMER SCHOOL 5th Annual Session June 24 — August 3 1918 College, Normal and Vocational Courses offered. Splendid opportunity for review of teacher's professional work and advance or review work along literary lines. Large and specially prepared faculty, ample accommodation, excellent equip ment. Special course of lectures. T0UGAL00 COLLEGE MISSISSIPPI " The best school for Negroes in the State."—Bishop Theodore D. Bratton. COLLEGE Regular Four Year A. B. Course Two Year Teacher Training Course ACADEMY Choice of Seven Courses — College Preparatory, Agricultural, Mechanical, Home Economics, Commercial, Pedagogical, Musical. Out in the country. Expenses low. Four Prize Scholarships of $25.00 Each Offered Boys for Best Entrance Examinations to Eighth and Ninth Grade. For particulars Write President W. T. HOLMES Tougaloo, Hinds County, Mississippi The Slater Industrial and State Normal School For Colored Youth of Both Sexes WINSTON-SALEM, N. C. I.	 Offering Standard Courses In Academic Subjects, In Industrial and Vocational Subjects, In Education. II.	 Graduates receive the Teacher's Cer tificate. Ill-	 Located amid the foothills of the mountain section of Western North Carolina and the health conditions are ideal. IV. Accommodations excellent and expenses moderate. For further information communicate with S.	 G. ATKINS, Principal SLATER STATE NORMAL SCHOOL, Winston-Salem, N. C. COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H . Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates ex empted on first gTade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President THE LINCOLN HOSPITAL AND HOME SCHOOL FOR NURSES W.	 S. SCARBOROUGH, President, in the City of New York offers to young Wilberforce University. women a three years' course of instruction in GILBERT H. JONES, Dean. Nursing. Capacity of hospital 420 beds. Post College of Arts and Graduate course of six months to graduates Director of Summer School of accredited training schools. For informa tion apply to SUPERINTENDENT of NURSES , Lincoln Hospital and Home, New For full particulars "civile the Director. York City, Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS Vol. 16-No. 2 JUNE, 1918 Whole No. 92 Editorial April 29, 1918. Dear Mr. Du Bois: DURIN G the weeks which I spent with our troops in France, I had abundant occasion to meet and inspect and talk with the men of a considerable number of our colored organiza tions on the Western front. I should hesitate to pick out one feature more than another which impressed me most strikingly in the American Expeditionary Force, but certainly the spirit pervading the ranks of our colored soldiers there is not least among the inspiring recollections which I have of my visit to the American Expeditionary Force. The sanitary condition of the camps seemed to be noticeably excellent; the men with whom I talked told me that their food was plentiful and palatable: and their officers told me that their work was a credit to their organizations. I have come back with an increased pride in these units. Cordiallv yours, (Signed) NEWTON D. BAKER, Secretary of War. A COMRADE TO COMRADES fender of his German over-lord, as OPHELIA: What means this, my Lord? it does now in the Kamerun, West HAMLET: Marry, it is miching mallecho; it means mischief. Coast Africa, so many lashes for the MY colored officer-comrade, do offense and "One for Kaiser!" to boot. you know what to the Ne"Daddy," remarked an old African gro people means this Gernative Kru to me, "if dem German man Military Machine? In mans win out, somebody can't talk no very truth, "it is miching mallecho; more!" My fellow officer, that someit means mischief," skulking crime body means me and you, mine and from which mischief must ensue if it yours. Bear in mind that we have be not destroyed. It means the dire more to gain or lose than any other undoing of dark races. group. It means, moreover, slavery chains We must and will win! Cheer for our wives, sweethearts, mothers, and hearten each other! Do not folfathers and children, more galling low, but set the pace for others in and hopeless than those of ante-beldoing duty, in discipline, in loyalty lum days in the United States,—more and leadership. hurtful because we have reached the Let us keep our eyes, in the dark heights of a half century of well-behours yet before us, on the star of ing and awakening. our aspirations for racial betterment; The success of the hated and hatelet us play the game square and to the ful Hun means, for each black oflimit, without flinching or wavering:, TH E CRISIS knowing that our fathers' God is a God of Battles, and abides with us to serve us and nerve us in order to restore His ways upon earth and His saving health among the peoples of the earth. (Signed) CHARLES YOUNG, Colonel, U. S. A., Retired. THE BLACK SOLDIER THIS number of The Crisis is dedicated, first, to the nearly 100,000 men of Negro de scent who are today called to arms for the United States. It is dedicated, also, to the million dark men of Africa and India, who have served in the armies of Great Britain, and to the equal, if not larger, num ber who are fighting for France and the other Allies. To these men we want to say above all: Have courage and determination. You are not fighting simply for Eu rope ; you are fighting for the world, and you and your people are a part of the world. This war is an End and, also, a Beginning. Never again will darker people of the world occupy just the place they have before. Out of this war will rise, soon or late, an inde pendent China; a self-governing In dia, and Egypt with representative institutions; an Africa for the Afri cans, and not merely for business ex ploitation. Out of this war will rise, too, an American Negro, with the right to vote and the right to work and the right to live without insult. These things may not and will not come at once; but they are written in the stars, and the first step toward them is victory for the armies of the Allies. OUR FIRST GREAT TRAGEDY OF THE WAR HAV E seen thousands of Negro men received into the provisional army of the United States who cannot read or write. Some of them thought the enemy to be fought was just a few miles beyond Atlanta, and that a battle was imminent at almost any hour. They mistook the blasting of rock for the roar of enemy cannon. Some had never heard of Germany or Serbia or France or the Kaiser or Europe or New York. They had just known for a few weeks that a great war was raging, and had not the slightest idea what it was all about. Hundreds, though born and reared in Georgia, did not know that Atlanta was its capital. They knew nothing—they were so ignorant. These men have left at home sis ters and mothers and fathers and wives and little ones who are still dazed, because they do not yet know what it is about. Our country has found it necessary to call on these people, so long neglected, repressed and exploited, to help fight the fight of freedom and democracy. We are glad they have been called. All honor to these black men that "they are making a fine showing," as reads the report from every camp. J. B. WATSON. PUSHING TH E CRISIS OUR traveling representative, T. J. Calloway, desires to express his appreciation to numerous friends for hos pitality and hearty co-operation on his recent trip. He visited in the interest of The Crisis twenty-nine states and ninety-eight cities, speaking to sixty-five audiences, which approximated 30,000 people. He traveled in all 12,000 miles. Despite the fact that he was forced to use during three-quarters of his journey the "Jim-Crow" cars of the South, he has returned, thanks to the kindly hospitality of our friends, in excellent health and enthusiastic over the future of Negroes in this country. EDITORIAL He believes that our military service as well as the civic co-operation of colored men and women is going to bring a new day for the Negro American. He is happy to share with the management of T h e Crisis and its one thousand agents the achievement of driving the circulation of T h e Crisis from 45,000 in November, 1917, to 73,000 in April, 1918. No further testimony is needed to prove the place which T h e Crisis is winning as a servant of the Negro people. COMPLAIN IF you do not get your copy of T h e Crisis , complain. If it is out fault, we will correct it promptly. It may, however, be the fault of the railroads which today, because of war burden, are unusually slow. It may be your own fault, (1) because the address you sent us was not clear or complete, (2) because you have changed your address and not notified us, (3) because your subscription has expired and you have forgotten to renew it. Whatever the cause is—if you do not get your copy of T h e Crisis, complain. CIVIL RIGHTS WE congratulate our colored assemblyman, E . A . John son, and the Governor of the State of New York on making into law an amendment to the Civil Rights Bill, which protects the rights of citizens of Negro de scent in this state as completely as they can be protected by legal enact ment. We urge colored people of other states to study this law and make effort to secure the enactment of similar civil rights laws throughout the civilized parts of the country. THE DEPARTMENT OF LABOR THE United States Department of Labor is to be warmly commended for bringing the black man into its official councils. The new expert on Negro Economics, Dr. George E. Haynes, is a colored American of the highest type and widest culture, and his advice deserves to be carefully heeded. AN ANGEL A GENTL E Catholic priest in | Texas does much good by Quietly writing letters of commendation or reproof to persons and editors wrho express themselves on the Negro problem. Recently Father Vernimont wrote to the editor of the Little Rock Daily News, "an afternoon penny paper for the masses." The learned editor, after first making the usual accusation that this white priest was probably a "nigger," and then after waving his hand majestically over his father's "black body servant," who had the misfortune to die in his arms, and "May God blight me or mine if I ever for one moment questioned his loyalty or faithfulness!"—after all this and some more the distinguished "R. P. Robbins, editor" hands this gem to the editor of T h e Crisis: "I regard the white man as just a little lower than the angels, and the Negro as just a little higher than the brutes. Conditions as they continue confirm my convictions, and the more I read from such Negroes as the editor of T h e Crisis , the more firmly set the convictions become. I feel sorry for the poor, ignorant black fool, with all his egotism and all his lack of knowledge. God pity him, and help him to see as much light as it is possible to get into the brain and intellect of such a man." To this we simply add, in paraphrase: the more we see of angels the more we like brutes. A LETTER FROM I HAV E always believed that the col ored man's true policy is to win his way by forbearance rather than by force. When the colored training' camp was ordered organized at Fort Des Moines, there was much hostile feeling evinced by various of the white population. The colored candidates behaved very well, indeed; but a few were a bit inclined to make trouble at the least sign of race discrimination. There were clashes. The training camp was an experiment. Many did not believe it could succeed. I knew it could not if it could not make friends. I, also, believed it would make friends if I could tide over the first critical weeks without serious trouble. I explained the situation to the men on July 3, and informed them that I did not propose to have five per cent of the students ruin the prospects of the other ninety-five per cent; that our mission was the attainment of success in making colored officers, and that we were not going to lose sight of and jeopardize that mission by getting tangled up in social or political issues. The men stood by me like bricks. We tided over East St. Louis and Houston without a ripple. Soon we began to hear most friendly comments from people of the city. Everything was opened to my men. There was no longer any occasion to resent race discrimination, because there was none. The camp succeeded. We had not lost sight of our mission, and we achieved it. Furthermore, the men of that training camp and the entire colored race were regarded with more kindly eyes and accorded more tolerant treatment in Des Moines than could ever have been the case had I permitted friction to develop. Many a colored officer has since told me that that work of July 3 was the best I ever did. When I learned 'that the draft would bring colored troops to many camps, I worked through various channels to secure from white officers and white soldiers tolerant treatment of the Negro, especially in the matter of refraining from the more GENERAL BALLOU offensive epithets. In this camp I personally conferred with all general officers and their staffs and many regimental commanders to the same end. On the other hand, I wrote and talked to the colored officers to urge their men not to be hasty and to let their superiors right their wrongs. I have visited seven camps, working for harmony as a basis of true efficiency. Bulletin 35 expresses my belief as to the policy that is for the best interest of the 92d Division. This division is spoken of at the War Department just as the training camp was—as an experiment. I want to make it a successful experiment. I cannot do it if my energy is taken up in settling rows and in fighting over outside issues. I have nothing to do with policies outside the military service. Great issues have small beginnings. It is but a step from a small race controversy to some horrors like those of East St. Louis and Houston. Bulletin 35 has not a thing to do with segregation policies or any other policies, except the policy that the 92d Division shall avoid great troubles by keeping out of small ones. The fact that I promptly acted in behalf of the sergeant referred to in Bulletin 35 was carefully suppressed by the writer of the unsigned letter published in many colored papers. Nevertheless, I did so act, and at once. The matter was investigated by my direction, by a colored officer, and on receiving his report I had my Judge Advovate place the matter properly in the hands of the U. S. Attorney. The case comes to trial today. I have never failed to support my men in defense of their rights when those rights were invaded. But I do, and always will, counsel avoidance of that invasion when there is nothing to be gained by it. Finally, I did not issue a "general order" on the subject, but a "Bulletin," containing advice and admonition. "B y order, etc.," is simply the authority for its publication. (Signed) C. C. Ballou. A LOST DIALOGUE OF PLATO [ye; By John D. Swain US SOCRATES , upon entering the Piraeus local smoker, observed one Eudices be laboring-a Macedonian captain serving in the Athenian army. Noting- that the car was well filled with Athenian citizens who beheld with sympathy this unjust castiga tion and were prepared to wreak vengeance upon the barbarian if he should venture to defend himself against the buffeting, So crates waited quietly until he had extri cated himself and sought another car, pur sued by the jeers of the onlookers. Thereupon the philosopher made his way quietly to where Eudices sat, well pleased with himself, seated himself beside him, and after bidding the gods be with him, he be gan: "I perceive, Eudices, that you are a traitor." "Socrates, but that thou art a man well stricken in years, I would, serve thee as I have this other!" "Let us discuss the matter, Eudices; if I do not bring thee to admit the truth of what I spoke with thy own mouth, then willingly will I bear my back to your rod, since I am a sturdy man for all my years." "So be it, then, Socrates; if thou makest me to condemn myself out of my own mouth, then will I give thee my hand or even lace thy sandals in token of submission!" "Then, Eudices, what do you conceive a traitor to be?" "Why, one who willingly does an injury to the State." "A n excellent answer, Eudices, since its antithesis is undoubtedly true. And what, then, is the most vital necessity of a State?" "Men, Socrates, since without men no other commodity is of any value whatsoever." "You, Eudices, have three fine striplings; oft have I beheld them contending in the Isthmian Games. And these lads, think you not so, are valuable to the State?" "I do so think, by Zeus!" "So that, had you as a young married man, desirous of evading the trouble and expense of rearing a family, slain these boys at birth, you would, thereby, have done an injury to the State. Is it not so?" "It is so, indeed." "Would you not then, Eudices, be a traitor?" "Socrates, you seem to make me say this; and yet truly I do not think I would have been a traitor save to myself!" "Then, are you satisfied with your definition? Or will you try once more?" "I will try again, with more of reflection. A traitor, let me say, is one who wilfully gives aid or comfort to the enemy of his State." "Well and truly spoke, Eudices. And whether he does so by adding to the resources of the common enemy, or by subtracting from the power of his State to combat it, matters not, I take it?" "It matters not, as you have said." "It is true, is it not, Eudices, that the first requisite of a State at war is soldiers?" "That is the truth." "So that he, let us say, who, save in defence, wilfully takes from his country's soldier his sword or his buckler, thus leaving him naked to the foe, has to that extent given aid and comfort to the enemy?" "Yes, Socrates." "Eudices, when I entered this car, I beheld you beating a captain in armor." "I beat him, Socrates, because it irketh an Athenian to behold a barbarian strutting about in military panoply." "And was he "so strutting, Eudices?" "No, Socrates, not at the very time." "It is true, is it not, Eudices, that sword and spear are vain without the will and the skill to wield them?" "That is the truth." "So that he who destroyeth the spirit which nerves the arm does to all intent remove his sword, his buckler and his spear?" "He does this thing, Socrates; but " "Wait, Eudices; let us not stray afield. The State, when it girds a soldier with the insignia of an officer and entrusteth to him the safety of his phalanx, and to some extent of the State itself, expecteth him to wear his armor with pride, to prove himself in virtue and courage, does it not?" "This is what I think, Socrates." 63 TH E CRISIS "And he is obliged to wear his armor in public at all times during war, under pain of punishment?" "Such is the law." "When, therefore, you beat a captain for obeying the State, teaching him that he is to lead men in battle to defend a country wherein he is despitefully used because he wears the honorable rank conferred upon him by those in authority, do you not, Eudices, to that extent weaken his resolution, destroy his self-respect, take away this much from the power of the State to resist the enemy?" "I perceive what you would have me say, Socrates; but this man was a Macedonian, a race with so little courage that it were not easy to make of him a poorer soldier than the gods already have." "Yet have you not seen that to whatever depth a man may fall, either by his own folly or the wrath of the gods, he may fall yet lower until he yield finally to death?" "Socrates, many times have I seen this." "Then, Eudices, if you have wilfully, and to satisfy an ancient grudge, removed by ever so little whatever of courage and resolution the Macedonian captain possessed, by that much have you weakened your country's resources; for, bear in mind, those in authority, and whom you as a good citizen obey, have seen fit to choose this barbarian to be a captain in the fight; and it may be supposed that, being a Macedonian, he needs not blows but encouragement rather, that he may offer up his life for his friends rather than waste it for those who spit upon him. Have you not, then, given aid and comfort to the enemy, by your own admissions?" There entered the car at this point a youth bearing a tray upon which rested oranges, sherbets and divers nuts. Socrates plucked him by the skirt and fell into lively converse with him; whereupon Eudices quietly rose and walked away. "And what, my graceful youth," quoth Socrates to the lad, lovelier to him than Phryne herself, "was the name of that Macedonian captain who was beaten?" "He was called, oh Socrates, Philip!" A SONNET TO NEGRO SOLDIERS By Joseph Seamon Cotter, Jr. Dedicated to the Ninety-Second Division. U. S. National Army THE Y shall go down unto Life's BorderA song of hope the world can understand. land, Walk unafraid within that Living Hell, Al l this to them shall be a glorious sign, Nor heed the driving rain of shot and A glimmer of that Resurrection Morn, shell When age-long Faith, crowned with a grace That 'round them falls; but with uplifted benign, hand Shall rise and from their blows cast down Be one with mighty hosts, an armed band the thorn Against man's wrong to man—for such full well Of Prejudice. E'en though through blood They know. And from their trembling it be, lips shall swell There breaks this day their dawn of Liberty. WAR PROFILES By Fenton Johnson No longer walk the merchant, lawyer, doctor, thief and toiler along the lighted THE breath of the harvest is in the air. ""• The boys of Ethiopia, khaki clad, are path of this merry thoroughfare. The bidding farewell to the city of their love. khaki makes all men one. They are swinging the corner to the tune Old men arc peddling dreams of a new of Ethiopia; old women and young women long for the laughter of State Street grown "John Brown's body lies a-mouldering in sober. the grave, On with the lights! Death, the new But his soul goes marching on." jester, holds the heart of my people in the We men and women of Ethiopia are wavhollow of his hand. ing handkerchiefs and moistening our cheeks with tear drops. It is farewell time IV for our young life. The Armory is silent beneath a firma How many of these that walk so proudly ment of gray. behind the flag of Appomattox will the No longer the young men bombard its warm earth of France receive? How many walls with the laughter of youth. will be dust to keep alive the lilies? The young girls, brown as the autumn Ethiopia is paying her debt to the na landscape or yellow as the noonday glow, tion that gave the world Dumas. pass by, lonely and dejected. How many Novembers, how many Decembers will die before laughter again runs Toussaint, old man of the mountains, riot? is tramping the streets of Port au Prince. "Whither do you go, Graybeard?" chalV lenges the sentry. God heard his children in the night. Toussaint's voice is soft and low. God turned to him who sits on His right "I go to arouse the sleeping men of hand and said: Ethiopia. "What is this, like the wailing of music, "This is the hour that tries the nations that reaches my throne? and the races. " 'Tis the children of the oppressed cry "War is a young man's glory, an old ing for succor. I have heard their prayer man's remembrance. night and day. "France is bowed in desolation. To her I dedicate the young men of my blood that "Ethiopia is in pain, Israel is bleeding, she might be saved from the claw of the Poland is no more, India is weary of the vulture. strange gods that infest her groves. The "Fear not, land that exalted Bonaparte! tomb of my Son is desecrated and Jerusalem Toussaint hears thy call." is the dwelling place of Gentiles. "Man has grown arrogant. The beast in III him is not yet dead. How desolate is State Street, now that "Go, thou Angel of Wrath, into the four war has come upon the land! corners of the earth and spill the seeds of How desolate the Cabaret! Who can be discord! gay now that the young are about to die? "Freedom shall prevail." The pavement of a street that once held rendezvous with music is wet with the tears The Angel of Wrath is riding the winds of those who have given loved ones to the of the earth. Look up, Ethiopia, and be cause. comforted! 65 JUDGE TERRELL H E appointment for the fifth time of Robert Heberton Terrell as Municipal Judge of the District of Columbia, is a noteworthy triumph. Judge Terrell was born November 25, 1857, in Virginia. He was educated in the public schools of Washington, at Lawrence Academy and at Harvard, where he was graduated in 1884. He studied law at Howard University, and married the well- known educator, Mary Church, of Memphis. From 1884 to 1889 he was principal of the M Street High School at Washington, then became chief of a division in the Treasury and afterward, for five years, practiced law with John R. Lynch. From 1902 to 1909 he was a civil magistrate and since 1909 has been one of the three Justices of the Municipal Court, having been appointed and reappointed by Presidents Roosevelt, Taft and Wilson. 66 The Looking Glass OFFICERS OF THE FORMER EIGHTH LITERATURE AUGUST PRIEUR in the Paris La Liberie, translated for the Literary Digest; Into the fight he leaps with lion bound, Here whirls and there, with native cry of "Death To foes!" across the blood-drenched yards to gain— Nor heeds the shrapnel's hissing breath. He's hit—how shuddering lies the giant frame, And torn the jaw that nerved his battle-cry. Above him leans the major, kind, alert To know if one so brave must die. The ebon hero writhes and fain would speak; Saddened the major reads his fading glance, And kneels to hear no native rally shout, But dying murmured, "Long live France!" Mr. John Orth, of Boston, has been sending out a little card as his "bit." The title is "In Heaven, Lincoln Interviewed," and this is the message: Mr. Lincoln was busy, but was willing to grant me a few moments. So I began: "Many people are asking, Mr. Lincoln, what you would do if you were to come back to earth at this time." I then mentioned profiteers. "Oh, yes," he said, "that IS a troublesome matter. I had this same element to contend with in my day." Then suddenly: "But the Negro—the ILLINOIS REGIMENT, NOW IN FRANCE Negro," he cried. "There are times when I wonden if my life work on earth after all has not been a failure. We have had conferences at which were present among others Sumner, Phillips, Garrison, Parker, Channing, John Brown, and Douglass. Need I say we are all greatly distressed? Would to God we were all back again, that we might make our appeal once more. Willingly would I put my life in pawn a second time for so holy a cause." The "War Program of the State of South Carolina," prepared by the Russell Sage Foundation, shows the wretched state of the Negro Reformatory, which is pronounced to be "absolutely destitute of all reformatory features, except a Sunday service." The state makes no appropriation for the maintenance of the reformatory; all of the expenses for 190 boys have to be paid from the labor of the boys, half of whom, as has been stated, are under 12 years of age. Not only is this true, but last year in cotton picking time some of the boys were drafted from the Negro Reformatory to pick cotton on the other prison farms. The writer has visited perhaps 200 institutions for children, but only once before in his experience has he seen a company of children so utterly forlorn, miserable and helpless as the boys in the Negro Reformatory of South Carolina. Mr. John E. Bruce has published an excellent tribute for the Negro soldier in a little booklet of forty-eight pages, with much historical matter about previous wars and facts about the present war. It can be had for twenty-five cents and postage from this office. 67 TH E CRISIS NEGRO ART ESSRS. SCHIRMER announce a collection of sixteen part songs, in which Mrs. Natalie Curtis Burlin will contribute some of her studies of Negro music in the South. More of her work will appear next autumn in a book of "Songs From the Dark Continent." The Boston Evening Transcript says: Miss Curtis's research contributes much toward clearing up certain disputed matters in reference to Negro folk-music, matters which have been in doubt largely because of the inaccuracy of so much of the work hitherto done. The peculiar syncopation of Negro music, familiarly known as ragtime, she finds to be no invention made on this continent, much less an imitation from the syncopation of the whites, as some have maintained. It comes from Africa. The relationship between the syncopation of the American and the African Negroes she is convinced is nothing casual or accidental. It is the relationship of father and son. Similarly, the Negro's fondness for singing his songs in the form of verse and refrain comes straight from Africa. The "header," who is paid extra for singing the lead in American levee gangs, has his counterpart in the leader of the work-songs among the African tribes. Miss Curtis has also an article in the New York Evening Post, on the African's contribution to art. She says: According to some scientists, iron was probably first found in Africa, and the Negro was thus the earliest of smiths. Today, the native's skill in wrought iron and in the use of metal generally, as well as in weaving, bead-work, painted decorations, and, perhaps above all, in carving, is of a strikingly high order; indeed, in the varied work of the hand the primitive African has shown himself a master. Why have we permitted such a keen art-intuition to die out of the offshoot of the black race in America? Have we killed it? Is anything still left of this instinct and of this inherited skill in craftsmanship? Negro culture on the Dark Continent is as rich in inspiration as the art of any early people in the world. In fact, modern painters and sculptors are finding in Congo carvings almost a new art-impetus, seeing in the primitive simplicity of the black man's sculptural sense, in his extraordinarily sympathetic understanding of his medium—the material in which he carves—and in his crude and masterful elimination of detail enough to fill artists of to-day not only with admiration, but with new ideas. Mentally, we go to Africa; meanwhile, the black man is here in our midst. Perhaps, did we approach the American Negro with even one-tenth of the receptiveness that our painters feel for the art of his parent land, were we willing to step across the "color-line" (a prejudice that reacts more soul-deadeningly on those that hold it than on the victims) and recognize the cultural possibilities in the Negro, a living proof of the racial art-sense latent in the race might spring up again in our own colored people. Musical America, speaking of a recent concert in Boston, says: Negro music made another big stride in Boston when the Sedalia Singers, assisted by Roland Hayes, tenor, gave their performance in Jordan Hall on last Thursday night. Four attractively gowned young women, simple and modest in demeanor, unaffected in song, sincere in purpose, entertained an unusually sympathetic audience with songs almost wholly unfamiliar to this region. With a repertoire made up of melodies gathered from the simple folk of Sedalia, N . C , where these young women are all engaged in teaching at the Alice Freeman Palmer Memorial Institute, they felt no necessity of repeating those hyperfamiliar spirituals now bedecking the programs of all non-American prima donnas before the American public. Instead, they crooned such lilting melodies as "Singing With a Sword in My Hand." Rarely did they make the mistake of "ironing out" a melody so that its racial characteristics were concealed or destroyed, the pitfall of so many folksong singers! Their harmonizations, too, are delightful—unsophisticated, unartificial, undisconcerting. . . . Roland Hayes offered his art-song in contrast to the folk song of the quartet of women. This young tenor has voice of great beauty, naturally warm and rich, admirably trained, guided by fine intelligence and stimulated by a wealth of emotion. His high notes burst upon the phrase like sunrise in early spring. They are glad and free, without violence. He sang songs in English, in French, in Italian, all with beautiful diction and superb clearness. THE NEGRO SOLDIER HE Farmers Mail and Breeze, of To peka, Kan., says editorially: It is pretty generally acknowledged that on the whole the Negroes of the United States have responded more universally and cheerfully to the call of the government than the white men. When called under the selective draft, they have rarely asked for exemptions; and the word comes from the training camps that they are making excellent progress as soldiers. Colonel Moss, the white leader of the 367th Colored Infantry, said in answer to the recent presentation of colors by Gover nor Whitman: That the colored men of this command will protect and honor this flag by night and day, throughout long marches, at play or in a clutch with death itself, is something that goes without saying; and let me say to you to-day that when this war is all over there is going to be another presentation of colors here beside this clubhouse. Mark you well what I say to you in this presence today, for I am an officer with eighteen years' experience with colored soldiers, having THE LOOKING GLASS commanded them in two campaigns; these men are going to present you men in the Union League Club with colors on their return from France. The colors they will present you we want you to hang upon your walls, where they can tell with silent eloquence in all the years to come a story of valor and unutterable patriotism to which all Americans, including our 12,000,000 of black citizens, can listen with a thrill of pride and satisfaction. Captain Hamilton Fish, Jr., of the 3G9th U. S. Infantry, formerly the 15th New York, the first regiment of Negroes from the "United States sent to France, writing to his father, says: Our regiment is the most envied American regiment in France, and has the greatest opportunity to make a wonderful record. We are with the French Army and have the incomparable advantage of the instructions and experience of the French. We are. to all intents and purposes, a part of the French Army, and supplied by them with all of our rifles, bayonets, helmets, gas masks, knapsacks, food, and ammunition. The men looked splendid in the American khaki uniforms and French leather equipment and brown helmets. I wonder what the Germans will think when they take one of our boys prisoner and find that he cannot speak French and comes from Harlem. I am a great believer in the fighting quality of the educated American Negro, provided he is well led. If the regiment does not make a splendid record, it will not be the fault of the men. I believe, if the censorship regulations were abolished, the loth New York (now the 369th U. S. Infantry), would be as well known as the Rough Riders were in the Spanish-American war, before peace is declared. We were the second New York regiment over here, following closely on the old 69th, and, I believe, the first colored regiment to land in France. Today we are the American Foreign Legion of France. We are sending back our old 15th New York Infantry flag to Governor Whitman, to be placed with, the other old regimental flags in the State Capitol at Albany. It is quite appropriate that the flag should be returned to Governor Whitman, as the regiment was ordered during his administration, and owes its success to his personal interest and efforts in its behalf One of our battalions has already gone to the trenches. It was an interesting sight to see our troops march out of the little French village while our band played the "Sombre" and "Meuse," the "Marseillaise," and our national anthem. There were no flowers and no good-byes, as our boys marched out to give battle, just the same those of us who saw them go were greatly impressed by their martial appearance. THE AWAKENING SOUTH r T , HA T the South is awakening is shown by the following editorial in the Al bany, Ga., Herald: The Herald printed a local item several days ago telling of the plan of several patri otic Albany ladies to make and present to the city a service flag bearing a star for every white Albanian who has entered the military or naval service of his country. It is an excellent idea. Such a flag would mean much to Albany, and would be treas ured through coming years as an interesting memento of the present world struggle, which so vitally concerns us all. The Herald detests meddlers and refuses to be one. Those who are planning to make a service flag to present to the city deserve the thanks of the community for their thoughtfulness and enterprise, which are wholly inspired by patriotic impulses. The Herald is no less appreciative than are others. So we hope we will not be misunderstood when we suggest that a service flag for Al bany would not be complete unless there were placed in its field a star not only for every white soldier or sailor who has en tered our country's service from Albany, but a star for every Albanian. The first employee of the Herald to join the National Army was a Negro, and the first star on the Herald's service flag is his star. The flag hangs above the press at which this colored employee worked for many years, and if other Herald employees enter the service, as doubtless some will, their stars will be placed by the side of the one already there. The Negro soldier offers his all to his country when he joins the army. If his life be required of him, he is ready to give it. He goes forth to face any hardships, any dangers, any death. Whether in France or somewhere else, he will go where his officers lead him, and stand and fight as long as may be necessary. Atlanta, the capital of our state, made a gala occasion yesterday of a great parade in honor of Negro soldiers and war workers. Governor Dorsey and Mayor Candler reviewed the parade, and thousands of white men and women in the crowds that lined the streets lustily cheered the marchers as they passed. In reporting the parade, the Atlanta Constitution says: Never before in the history of Atlanta has such a splendid presentation of all that stands for the finest and best in the Negro been given as that of Thursday. A procession, which took three-quarters of an hour to pass the reviewing stand, which num 70 THE CRISIS bered in its ranks over ten thousand people, men, women and children, which evidenced one hundred per cent loyalty to the country and nation, of which those people are a part, won round after round of spontaneous applause from the thousands who lined the streets. . . . Our colored citizens who have gone and are yet to go are enlisted in the same cause that the rest of us support. The flag they are under is their flag. Nobody has challenged their loyalty or patriotism, and nobody is going to. Let's make all the service flags big enough to hold all the stars. NORTH CAROLINA THER E has been an astonishing occur••• rence in Wilson, N . C. A colored teacher, Miss M. C. Euell, says: "On the morning of Monday, April 1, I with some of the other teachers observed the new time and was at the school by 8:30 and began our day's work, and at time to close, by the new time, closed the day's work. Principal Reid did not begin until the usual hour by the old time, and, therefore, objected to my closing before he ordered it. We could not, however, come to a satisfactory agreement. So he ordered me to meet him at the superintendent's office at 5 o'clock the same day. I agreed to do so and went. Principal Reid was there when I reached the office and no doubt had prejudiced the superintendent's mind against me. I was asked by the superintendent to explain myself, and so proceeded to do so. Principal Reid disputed all I said. I insisted that I had told only the truth. Superintendent Coon then asked if I wanted to make Principal Reid a liar. I said I only want to speak the truth for myself. The superintendent ordered me to 'shut up,' saying that he would kick me out of his office. I told him that I would go out. "He became more enraged as I spoke and slapped me in the face. Principal Reid stood by and only said to me, 'you ought to have shut up, when Professor Coon told you.' " Mr. Coon, who is presumably " A Southern white gentleman of the old school," thus explains his chivalry: "I slapped Mary Euell for gross discourtesy to me in my office. 1 am sure there is no white man in Wilson who would have acted otherwise under the circumstances. "The principal of the colored school is not responsible for this trouble, which grew out of my order lengthening the school day 30 minutes for the primary grades a few days ago. "Mary Euell refused to obey the rule and defied the principal a week ago last Monday. The principal reported the matter to me. I could not go to the school then as the county board was in session, so I asked the principal to have this teacher come to the office at 5 o'clock. It was in the office COLORED TEACHERS OF PRINCIPAL REID'S SCHOOL, WILSON, N. C. (ABOVE) G. M. BURKS, L. B. WAYLAND, M. L. GARRETT. S. R. BATTLE, S. D. WISEMAN (BELOW) M. A. DAVIS. M. C. EUELL. M. M. JENNINGS, J. B. PRIDE. THE LOOKING GLASS that her conduct was so reprehensible that  slapped her face and made her hush up." As a result of all this, the colored teachers have resigned in a body, the colored principal has been thrashed and will not return to his job, and the white superintendent has been arrested, charged with assault. LYNCH LAW ATTORNEY GENERAL GREGORY in * a recent address to the American Bar Association's Executive Committee urged an educational campaign against lynch law. The New York Evening Post reports: "We must set our faces," he says, "against lawlessness within our own borders. Whatever we may say about the causes for our entering this war, we know that one of the principal reasons was the lawlessness of the German nation—what they have done in Belgium, and in northern France, and what we have reason to know they would do elsewhere. For us to tolerate lynching is to do the same thing that we are condemning in the Germans. Lynch law is the most cowardly of crimes. Invariably the victim is unarmed, while the men who lynch are armed and large in numbers. It is a deplorable thing under any circumstances, but at this time above all others it creates an extremely dangerous condition. I invite your help in meeting it." The New York Evening Post commenting editorially upon Attorney-General Gregory's address, says: "The thanks of the country are due to the Attorney-General of the United States for his-outspoken denunciation of the mob spirit and of lynching in his address to the executive committee of the American Bar Association "Mr. Gregory's words take on a greater significance than would otherwise be the case, precisely as they are reinforced by the fact that he is himself a native of the South. No one can charge him with being hostile to that section when he declares that 'to tolerate lynching is to do the same thing we are condemning in the Germans.' Lynching, he asserts, is 'the most cowardly of crimes,' and he added truthfully that 'at this time, above all others, it creates an extremely dangerous condition' .... "It is not only the mob spirit against Germans and dissenters from the war that lowers us to the Prussian level. The burning of Negroes in the South is as clear a piece of Prussianism as afflicts us today, and it makes directly against the efficient prosecution of the war. Every time a Negro is lynched there follows an unsettling exodus of Negroes to the North. It has been stated in the Georgia press that those counties which have been freest from lynching have lost the fewest laborers. So serious has the migration become that the whole South is aroused about the condition of its labor supply. There has been some talk of pro-German propaganda among the colored people; we have seen no real evidence of it, and do not believe for a moment that it would be listened to if it existed. But if the Germans do wish to stir up race strife—and they would surely not be above it—they could suggest, we are certain, nothing more effective than the recent lynching of three Negroes in Tennessee on the mere charge that they had been stealing hogs. "Since the Governors of Tennessee and North Carolina have been grossly delinquent in seeking out mob-offenders and upholding the majesty of the law, the burning words of Mr. Gregory are the more needed. Let it be clearly understood, as he declares, that to put Americans to death by the slow torture of red-hot irons in Tennessee style is to play into our enemy's hands, make the task of our soldiers more difficult, and sap our own morale, and we believe that lynchings will speedily cease. They should pass away, however, without even that incentive, for they are staining our land with hideous cruelty and crime. We owe it to ourselves, as we have owed it for fifty years past, to purge the country of this monstrous wrong." The New York Evening Globe in a recent editorial says: The shameful, humiliating problem of which we are reminded by the Negroes' memorial to the President and Congress is very different from the definition of it that las generally prevailed throughout the country. The question is not: "What shall we do with the Negro?" but "What shall we do with Negrophobe white man?" After referring to the primary needs of the Negro population as "a fair chance to learn and a fair chance to earn" it continues : But before these primary needs comes the elementary need—which ought to be conceded, and theoretically is conceded as a matter of course—simple security of life and limb. In the face of such a humiliating record as 222 lynchings in one year only an idiot could maintain that this security exists. The well-behaved Negro is no safer than the ruffian, for nearly all the colored victims of 1917 were subsequently proved to have been innocent of any wrongdoing. Many of them were women and children. The problem cannot be settled by enacting new punishments for lynching. The existing laws are quite severe enough. It is a problem of how to compel any community in which a Negro is lynched to enforce its laws. One way of settling it TH E CRISIS would be to bring so bitter a disgrace upon any such community that every man or woman residing there would be ashamed. They are doubtless persons in East St. Louis who feel ashamed of their community, but not enough of them to make a repetition of the horror impossible. But if every unpunished lynching were followed by a disfranchisement of the entire town, every citizen would immediately and personally feel his shame. There would be such an uprising, such indignation against the ruffians who had brought such a public disgrace upon their respectable neighbors, that the authorities would be compelled to enforce the laws, whereas at present they are actually discouraged in all their efforts. Disfranchising the many innocent for the crimes of a few worthless ruffians may seem unjust. But it must be remembered that it is owing to the indifference or the lazy hostility of the many that the few have been able to perpetrate their barbarous lynchings with impunity. AFRICA THE Inter-Allied Labor Conference in London formulated the following "war aims" with regard to Africa, according to the New Republic: As regards more especially the colonies of all the belligerents in Tropical Africa, from sea to sea, including the whole of the region north of the Zambesi and south of the Sahara, the Conference condemns any imperialist idea which would make these countries the booty of one or several nations, exploit them for the profit of the capitalist or use them for the promotion of the militarist aims of the governments. With respect to these colonies the Conference declares in favor of a system of control, established by international agreement, under the League of Nations and maintained by its guarantee, which, whilst respecting national sovereignity, would be alike inspired by broad conceptions of economic freedom and concerned to safeguard the rights of the natives under the best conditions possible for them, and in particular: (1)	 It would take account in each locality of the wishes of the people, expressed in the form which is possible for them. (2)	 The interests of the native tribes as regards the ownership of the soil would be maintained. (3)	 The whole of the revenues would be devoted to the well-being and development of the colonies themselves. "WAR. THE GRIM EMANCIPATOR National Association for the Ad vancement of Colored People ILLIAM STANLEY BEAUMONT verse, three anthologies of English poetry BRAITHWAITE , Fourth Spingarn and five anthologies of American magazine Medalist; born in Boston, Mass., December verse. He is the most prominent critic of 6, 1878. He is the author of two volumes of poetry in America. 73 THE CRISIS THE SPINGARN MEDAL TH E fourth annual Spingarn Medal Presentation was made on Friday, May 3, at the historic First Baptist Church, Providence, R. I. The recipient of the medal was William Stanley Beaumont Braithwaite, of Cambridge, Mass., the distinguished poet and literary critic, whose work as critic, as contributor to The Forum, The Century, Scribner's, The Atlantic Monthly and other leading magazines has given him a national rather than a race reputation. The presentation of the medal was made by Governor R. Livingston Beeckman, of Rhode Island. Mr. Moorfield Storey, of Boston, President of the N. A. A. C. P., presided. Addresses were made by John R. Shillady, National Secretary, N. A. A. C. P.; Prof. Frances G. Peabody, of Cambridge, Mass., and W. A . Heathman. Miss Mary White Ovington, Acting Chairman of the Board of Directors of the N. A. A. C. P., paid a tribute to Mr. Braithwaite's genius and ability, reading two of his lyrics, which she described as among the best specimens of this form of English verse. Major J. E. Spingarn, Chairman of the Board of Directors of the N. A. A. C. P., who had expected to be present, but was prevented by army duties, sent the following letter to be read at the meeting: I regret more than I can say that it will be impossible for me to see the fourth Spingarn Medal awarded at Providence next Friday. The medal itself is the merest trifle, but the achievement which it points to and emphasizes from year to year should encourage America in her new and growing faith in one of the finest yet least appreciated of her many races. It was that faith, and more especially the hope that America would share it with me if her eyes could only be opened, that induced me to offer the medal. And now, as scientist, soldier, musician—and today, if I mistake not, the ablest of all critics in America—pass before us, it would be a blind America indeed if she did not recognize the capabilities of the race that has given her Young and Just, Burleigh and Braithwaite. Today there is only one task, one duty for all of us; and all other tasks, all other duties are, as it were, annihilated by fate. But the supreme task and duty of the war can only stay for a moment the needs and aspirations of a race. For that race cannot rest satisfied with the achievements of a few of her ablest men, and the casual recognition given them by medals and praise. As Emerson said over half a century ago, "Complaining never so loud and with never so much reason is of no use. Nature has made up her mind that what cannot defend itself shall not be defended." (Signed) J. E. Spingarn, Major, Infantry, U. S. R. THE MOORFIELD STOREY DRIVE DO not hold laudatory meetings. shall feel best repaid if every branch will join enthusiastically in the effort to secure fifty thousand members for the N . A . A. C. P. We need a large membership to secure the permanent success of our great movement against race prejudice." So Mr. Storey said after the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States against segregation in the Louisville Segregation Case, in which he gave his services to the Association and the cause of the colored people. And acting on his suggestion, the National Office and the executive committees of the various branches have made a two weeks' drive for the fifty thousand members. We had ten thousand members when we began, and ninety-eight branches. Since the drive commenced we have added ten more branches, making one hundred and eight in all. They are situated as follows : Albuquerque, N . Mex.; Alton, Ill.; Athens, Ga.; Atlanta, Ga.; Augusta, Ga.; Baltimore, Md.; Baltimore County, Md.; Boston, Mass.; Buffalo, N . Y. ; Cairo, Ill.; Camden, N. J.; Carbondale, Ill.; Charleston, S. C ; Chicago, Ill.; Cincinnati, Ohio; Cleveland, Ohio; Columbia, S. C ; Columbus, Ohio; Danville, Ill.; Danville, Va.; Dayton, Ohio; Decatur, Ill.; Denver, Colo.; Detroit, Mich.; Des Moines, Iowa; District of Columbia; Durham, N . C ; East St. Louis, Ill.; E l Paso, Tex.; Evansville, Ind.; Fayetteville, N . C ; Fort Worth, Tex.; Galesburg, Ill.; Gary, Ind.; Greensboro, N. C ; Harrisburg, Pa.; Hartford, Conn.; Indianapolis, Ind.; Isthmian (Canal Zone); Jacksonville, Ill.; Jacksonville, Fla.; Johnstown, Pa.; Kansas City, Kas.; Kansas City, Mo.; Key West, Fla.; Lincoln University, Pa.; Los Angeles, Cal.; Louisville, Ky.; Lynchburg, Va.; Macon, Ga.; Maywood, Ill.; Memphis, Tenn.; Milwaukee, Wis.; Minneapolis, Minn.; Moline, Ill.; Montclair, N. J.; Mounds, Ill.; Muskogee, Okla.; Newark, N. J.; New Bedford, Mass.; New Haven, Conn.; New Orleans, La.; New York, N. Y.; Northern California; Norfolk, Va.; Oklahoma City, Okla.; Oberlin, Ohio; Orange, N. J.; Philadelphia, Pa.; Pittsburgh, Pa.; Peoria, Ill.; Portsmouth, Va.; Portland, Ore.; Providence, R. I.; Quincy, Ill.; Raleigh, N. C ; Richmond, Va.; Roanoke, Va.; St. Joseph, Mo.; St. Louis, Mo.; St. Paul, Minn.; San Antonio, Tex.; San Jose, Cal.; N. A. A. C. P. Savannah, Ga.; Seattle, Wash.; Shreveport, La.; Springfield, Ill.; Springfield, Mass.; Springfield, Mo.; Springfield, Ohio; Syracuse, N. Y.; Talladega, Ala.; Tampa, Fla.; Terre Haute, Ind.; Toledo, Ohio; Topeka, Kan.; Toronto, Can.; Trenton, N. J.; Twin City (Champaign &amp; Urbana), Ill.; Venice, Cal.; Vincennes, Ind.; Virginia Union University, Va.; Walla Walla, Wash.; Washington, Pa.; Western University, Kan.; Wheeling, W. Va.; Wilmington, Del.; York, Pa. These branches were each given a quota of new members to secure, so that small branches at the close of the drive would have reached seven times their membership at the beginning of the drive, and large branches four and five times their membership. The National Office devised and suggested a careful plan of competing teams, the "blues" and the "reds," with badges of blue and red buttons. A t the suggestion of Mr. Charles E. Lane of Washington books holding ten receipts, with a short explanation of the objects of the Association were supplied to authorized workers and hundreds of thousands of pieces of literature were sent out from the National Office. Thus equipped, the drive began. OVER THE TOP The branches were to have complete re ports to return by May 1. The first to send word was Louisville, the city whose segre gation case had come before the Supreme Court. LOUISVILLE, conscious of the im portance of the decision and rejoicing at the victory, went "over the top." Her quota of new members was 768, but she wired the office on May 1: "1203 fully paid new mem berships with at least one hundred addi tional members not yet reported." The second branch to exceed its quota was the DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. Its quota of new members was 1,878 and on May 2 it telegraphed: "New members 6,042." The third branch went "over the top" on a smaller margin, but it got there, SPRING FIELD, MASS.; quota, 156; membership, May 2, 157. These are all the branches from whom we had received full reports up to May 2. Word from our Field Secretary, however, shows great activity in many quarters. DRIVE ON! The Association is so extended in its scope, its machinery is so small and its need for membership support so great that the National Office has decided to extend the drive for a little longer period. This will enable the readers of The Crisis who have not already taken part in it to do so. The Association now has three secretaries— National Secretary, John R. Shillady; Field Secretary, James Weldon Johnson, and Assistant Secretary, Walter F. White. They have all done much traveling in the interest of the Moorrield Storey Drive, but it has been impossible for them to reach all the places enumerated in our branch list. Moreover, there are many other cities, without branches, that are interested in our cause; and there are many busy folk desirous of seeing justice to the Negro secured, who prefer not to join any branch but to become members at large. We call upon them all, if they are not already in the Association, to turn to the advertising section of this magazine, there to find the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, inside front cover, to cut out the membership blank and mail it with their dues to the National Office. If they are in a city where there is a branch, the National Office places them automatically in that branch, unless they express a desire to be members at large. OUR SOLDIERS THE Association tries to recount in The Crisis from month to month all its achievements; but there have been so many phases of our work that this has not been possible. In connection with our drive, we are printing a brief account of our activities regarding the Negro soldier which is reproduced below. We would remind Crisis readers that up to the time of his entrance upon active military duty the man who carried on the campaign for the colored officers' training camp was the Chairman of our Board, Major J. E. Spingarn. The Association's work on behalf of the colored soldiers follows: March, 1916—Appeal to the Chairman of the House Committee on Military Affairs urging the creation of more colored regiments and the establishment of two artillery regiments. April, 1917—The same appeal to the executive chiefs in Washington by the National Secretary in person. May, 1917—After repeated unsuccessful efforts to get colored men into the regular training camps for officers, the Association TH E CRISIS works for a separate training camp and secures one at Des Moines, la. September, 1917— Commissions held up at Des Moines Camp. Telegram sent to the men ai Des Moines urging them to stay until commissions are granted. Personal work at Washington to press the matter of commissions. September, 1917—Efforts through personal interviews with Secretary Baker to secure reversal of the decision regarding Colonel Young's retirement. Unsuccessful. October, 1917— Six hundred and seventy-eight colored men secure commissions at Des Moines. Des Moines Camp sends contribution of $272 to N. A. A. C P. November, 1917— Action against forcing colored men at Camp Meade to act as stevedores and common laborers. Successful. Men transferred to heavy artillery. February, 1918— Association takes steps to rind out status of the five colored soldiers sentenced to death by Houston court martial. Deputation goes to Washington, headed by James W. Johnson, Field Secretary, asking for clemency for these men and for forty-one soldiers of the same regiment sentenced to life imprisonment. Secures a stay of sentence in the case of the five men. February, 1918— Representative of Association again confers with War Department on Colonel Young case, and on status of colored soldier. Injustice of "Jim Crow" railroad discriminations against colored soldiers urged. Assurances received that due proportion of colored men would be mobilized for fighting (combatant) service and no undue proportion organized into "service" battalions. March, 1918— Takes up with Secretary of War case of Lieutenant Tribbett who was taken from a Pullman coach in Oklahoma. April, 1918— Open letter of protest to the War Department against General Ballou's order, Bulletin 35. Publicity secured throughout the country. FEDERAL ANTI -LYNCHING BILL INTRODUCED IN CONGRESS REPRESENTATIVE L. C. DYER of Missouri introduced in the House of Representatives, on April 8, a bill for the suppression by Federal authority of mob violence and lynching, known as H . R. 11279. This bill has been referred to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House. Mr. Dyer's bill provides for the handling of all cases of mob violence by Federal authorities, taking these cases out of the hands of state authorities, who have in so many cases failed so miserably to even make an attempt to punish the perpetrators. Every person participating in a mob or riotous assemblage by which a citizen is put to death is to be declared guilty of murder and is to be prosecuted and punished in the Federal courts. It is also provided that every county in which a lynching occurs shall be subjected to a fine of "not less than $5,000 nor more than $10,000," to be applied to the relief of the family or other dependents of the person lynched. If such amount is not paid, the bill provides that the Federal authorities have the authority to levy on the property of the county and secure the sum in this way. In the event that the deceased leaves no dependents, the fine is to be paid to the Federal Government. Every state or municipal officer who fails to properly protect a citizen from mob violence, or who allows a prisoner to be taken from him by a mob is, upon conviction, to be punished by imprisonment for a term not exceeding five years, or by a fine not exceeding $5,000, or by both imprisonment and fine. If the bill is to be passed, there is a tremendous amount of work to be done by all persons interested in its passage. There is probably nothing which creates a deeper impression than petitions, telegrams and letters if they come from all over the country. Arrangements are now in contemplation for a hearing before the House Judiciary Committee. It is strongly urged that every person in the United States favoring the bill write or telegraph his or her Congressman urging that he support and vote for the bill. Certainly every colored person should do this, for it affects him vitally, though the question far transcends race interests. For these reasons send a letter or telegram now; have your lodge, church, society, firm or club do the same and in this way have an avalanche of such messages pour into Congress to accomplish this purpose. THE LATE MAJOR WALKER THE late Major James E. Walker was born in Virginia, September 7, 1874. He was educated in the public schools of Washington, and was graduated from the M Street High School in 1893, and the Miner Normal School in 1894. For twenty-four years he was in the public school service and since 1899 was supervising principal. In 1896 he was made Lieutenant in the First Separate Battalion of the National Guard of the District of Columbia. In 1909 he was made Captain and in 1912, through competitive examination, was commissioned Major. His command was called out to guard the White House and while on this duty Major Wa1ker's health became impaired. He was sent to the U. S. Hospital at Fort Bayard, New Mexico, for treatment, where he died April 4, 1918. We regret to learn that the authorities did not offer a military funeral to this man, who is today the ranking colored officer among American victims of the war. The superintendent of the public schools of the District of Columbia says: "Major Walker taught patriotism and citizenship in his schools, showing the patriotic and civic spirit in his own life. He died serving his country as a military officer, exemplifying in his own loyalty and service the lessons he sought to teach the children under his charge. I feel that the public school system was honored in having Major Walker as one of its colored administrative officers, an d that it has suffered a serious loss in his death." CAPTAINS AT CAMP SHERMAN, CHILLICOTHE OHIO SOME NEGRO OFFICERS OF THE UNITED STATES ARMY. 70 (ABOVE) IN TRAINING AT CAMP STANLEY. TEXAS (BELOW) READING ROOM 366TH INFANTRY ARMY CLUB, DES MOINES, IOWA, (See page 83) 80 SPAHIS (NEGROID ALGERIANS) AT SALONICA. "OUT OF AFRICA HAVE I CALLED MY SON." 81 The Horizon Institute Summer School for Teachers will MUSIC AND ART. be held June 10 to July 19. and Blind Institute for Colored THE students of the State Deaf, Dumb C The seventh annual meeting of the SouthYouth, at Austin, Tex., recently entertained ern Sociological Congress was held at Birmmembers of the legislature with a patriotic ingham, Ala. Dr. James H. Dillard preplay, "The Story of the American Flag." sided. G The Association for the Promotion of G The annual convention of colored teachers Negro Talent in New York City recently of Kentucky was held in Louisville, April presented Florence Cole-Talbert, soprano, 24-27. There were one thousand teachers in recital at Aeolian Hall. Among her sepresent. lections were numbers in French and ItalG A summer school of six weeks' duration ian. Daisy Tapley was accompanist and will be held at the Theological Training Leonard Jeter rendered cello solos. Seminary, Nashville, Tenn. C The Negro spiritual, "Swing Low, Sweet C The Maine Line Negro Business League Chariot," has been transcribed for the orof Haverford, Pa., recently dedicated its gan by C. R. Diton of Talladega College. new hall and celebrated the memory of the C At the fourth of the series of recitals late Booker T. Washington. Among the conducted by Mrs. Daisy Tapley in New speakers were the Governor of the state York City, Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois delivered and Dr. W. E. B. DuBois. a lecture. Lydia Mason, a fifteen-year-THE WAR. old Negro pianist of unusual talent, and COLORE D PEOPL E in Portland, Ore., Mrs. Tapley, contralto, were the musical have formed the Colonel Charles artists. Harry T. Burleigh and Clarence Young War Savings Stamps Society. It is Cameron White were the artists at the closplanned to organize ten such clubs. ing recital of the series. C The National League for Woman's SerC The Music School Settlement for Colored vice in Detroit, Mich., has provided a free People in New York City has passed into club house for colored soldiers and sailors. the control of colored people. The first pubC The colored troops in the Liberty Loan lic concert under the new auspices was given Parade of Camp Meade, Md., received much May 27, at Aeolian Hall. The Clef Club applause by the reviewing party which insingers and players took part on the procluded President Wilson. gram. C Colored troops at Camp Upton, N. Y., are having target practice. Men of the head (I Roland W. Hayes, tenor, has recently quarters company averaged forty-five out completed a successful tour of the Pacific of a possible fifty on the second day's train Coast. A t Los Angeles, Cal., in the name ing. of Wesley Chapel Church, he was presented C The 371st Infantry, at Camp Jackson, has with a Spanish sword formerly owned by been presented a flag by the colored citizens Aguinaldo, the Filipino general. of Columbia, S. C. The exercises were held G At the regular Vesper Service of Coe at Allen University, following a parade of College, Cedar Rapids, Mich., the Girls' Glee the Negro troops. Mayor Griffith was Club sang eight Negro Spirituals arranged among the speakers. by N . Clifford Page. G The Ninth U . S. Cavalry, stationed at C The General Film Company is releasing Camp Stotsenburg, P. I., has two colored a series of one reel comedies by a company officers, Major B. O. Davis and Chaplain L. of Negro actors. A. Carter, the latter having the rank of MEETINGS. Captain. Out of twenty-five men sent from THE fifty-second annual session of the this regiment to the training camp at Des Virginia A. M. E. Conference has Moines, twenty-two were made commis been held in Danville. Bishop J. Albert sioned officers. The baseball team is the Johnson presided. champion over five white army and one civilG The fifth annual session of the Interstate ian teams. Dental Association, formerly Tri-State, will G Five hundred colored troopers from Camp be held at Bay Shore Hotel, Buckroe Beach, Lee, Va., are now connected with the 367th Va., July 10-12. Colored Infantry at Camp Upton under the G The ninth annual session of Tuskegee command of colored line officers. 82 THE HORIZON C Two thousand colored draftees from the South have been sent to Camp Devens, Mass., and three thousand more are to follow. G The Bates Hotel has been turned into a club house for colored soldiers in Chillicothe, Ohio. When the colored troopers are removed the building is to be used as a social settlement for Negroes. G The thirty-five Negro draftees in Ocala, Fla., were given a reception at the Metropolitan Theatre, where addresses were delivered by the Mayor, postmaster, and prominent Negroes. G Three thousand Negro draftees will be housed at Fort Wayne, Detroit, Mich., at the home of the Twenty-sixth Regular Infantry. G The city of Pittsburgh has accepted a Negro battalion of three hundred as a part of the Home Defense League. C The Army Club of the 366th Infantry, colored, in Des Moines, Iowa, is the largest club for colored soldiers in the United States. It is run at the expense of $400 a month. The secretary is Herbert Wright, formerly U . S. Consul to Venezuela. C The Circle for Negro War Relief has over fifty units in twenty-five states. It has distributed • over five hundred knitted garments, besides numbers of comfort kits. One unit has an ambulance nearly paid for. C Colored officers for two colored companies of the Minnesota Home Guard have been commissioned. C A n improvement is noted at the stevedore camp, Camp Hill, Va., where Y. M. C. A. activities, moving pictures, etc., have been started. C The ratio of Negroes accepted for the National Army to those called has been 11 per cent higher than the ratio of white men accepted to those called, according to the United States Official Bulletin. C Dr. Robert R. Moton, Principal of Tuskegee Institute, Ala., announces that the institution has been selected by the War Department as a place to train Negro soldiers in various trades. Approximately 400 Negro soldiers, selected from army camps, will be assembled at the institute, May 15, and will be given intense courses in auto mechanics, carpentry, blacksmith work and other trades. After completing a two months' course the first contingent will be succeeded by other groups. G The following purchases of the Third Liberty Loan were made by Negroes: Colored Knights of Pythias of Florida, $25,000; workers at the Missouri Packing Shops, Little Rock, Ark., $29,750; Wage Earners' Savings Bank, Savannah, Ga., $5,000; fourteen employees at the Government Warehouse, St. Louis, Mo., $1,000; in three days Negroes in Oklahoma City, Okla., $55,000; the North Carolina Mutual and Provident Association of Durham, $65,000; it purchased $35,000 worth of the second issue, making a total of $100,000; Isaac Glaspy, a Negro farmer in Forest City, Ark., borrowed $150 on his cows in order to make a purchase; Robert Presley, $1,000; he also has two sons in the army; Mound Bayou, the colored town in Mississippi, exceeded its allotment; $5,600 was paid in cash out of $6,000 subscribed in Putnam County, Ga. G A Hostess House under the Y . W. C. A. has been opened for colored troops at Camp Upton. Mrs. Theodore Roosevelt gave the first money toward it. Miss Eva D. Bowles has appointed Mrs. Emilie D. Brown as hostess director and workers will be trained here under the direction of Mrs. John Hope, wife of President Hope of Morehouse College, Atlanta, Ga., for other houses soon to be opened at Camp Dix, New Jersey; Camp Jackson, South Carolina; Camp Gordon, Georgia; Camp Dodge, Iowa; Camp Sherman, Ohio; and Camp Funston, Kansas. Among the women in training are Mrs. Amanda Gray and Mrs. B. F. Highwarden of Washington, D. C ; Mrs. R. B. Hucles and Mrs. C. Viola Grey, of Richmond, Va.; Mrs. Charlotte Seabroke, of Columbia, S. C , and Mrs. Kallie Edwards, of St. Louis, Mo. INDUSTRY. COLORE D migrants from the South are arriving in Detroit, Mich., at the rate of 100 to 150 a week, according to the local branch of the National League on Urban Conditions Among Negroes. G Colored women have replaced colored men as laborers in the municipal parks in Memphis, Tenn. G Negro girls have replaced white elevator boys and bell boys at the Hamilton Hotel, St. Louis, Mo. C Students of Wiley University and Bishop College in Marshall, Tex., are aiding in the labor shortage, as freight handlers for the Texas and Pacific Railroad. C At the annual stockholders' meeting of THE CRISIS the Dallas Express Publishing Company President J. P. Starks reported a capital stock paid in of $5,000. The business for 1917 amounted to $11,880 and $4,794 was spent in salaries. A dividend of 2 per cent was declared and paid by vote of the Board of Directors. G Colored waiters are being employed in the hotels of Springfield, Mass. C Henry Fennell, a colored farmer of Ware County, Ga., made a crop worth over $3,000 last year, consisting mainly of cotton, with corn, fodder, potatoes, syrup and meat. G The laborers in the Chicago packing houses, who have been fighting for the right to organize since 1886, have at last been given the right to organize by the government. Many Negroes are among the new union men. G Colored waiters from the South are being used in Baltimore hotels to take the places of colored and white strikers. SOCIAL PROGRESS. GOVERNOR HARRINGTON, of Mary land, has signed the bill for the establishment of a tuberculosis sanitarium for colored people. The appropriation for the first year is $50,000, and the second $25,000. C Through efforts of the local branch of the N. A. A. C. P., the "Jim-Crow" signs at Hog Island, near Philadelphia, effecting 3,500 colored men employed in government shipbuilding, have been removed. C A five day campaign for one thousand members has added 1,365 members to the Twelfth Street Branch of the Y. M. C. A. in Washington, D. C. S. W. Rutherford was general chairman and R. P. Hamlin, director. C The New York Times reports that A . S. Burleson, Postmaster General, and C. R. Johns of Austin, Tex., are joint owners of a large plantation in Central Texas on which Negro convicts are leased. G The cornerstone of the $100,000 colored Y. M. C. A. building in Baltimore, Md., has been laid with fitting ceremony. C The Pekin Theatre in Savannah, Ga., owned and operated by Negroes, has been visited by disastrous fire. It was established ten years ago and had a seating capacity of seven hundred. G Thirty-three colored insane patients were burned by an accidental fire at the State Hospital, Norman, Okla. G Henry F. Downing is appealing for books for colored soldiers. He is co-operating with the American Library Association and may be reached at 61 Bible House, New York City. G The work of constructing the new colored Y. M. C. A. building on 135th street, New York City, has begun. It is to be six stories high and will cost $200,000. G White people of Baltimore are backing a campaign to save St. Elizabeth's Home, a colored orphanage with three hundred inmates, which is in financial difficulty. G Federal Judge Dyer, of St. Louis, Mo., has made permanent his temporary injunction against the Negro segregation ordinance. C Edith Durant, a colored girl of Oklahoma, will be of age July 2. She owns an oil well . in Tulsa County which gives her a large income. She will receive something like $150,000 in cash and title to land worth a million dollars. Mrs. Sallie Hodge Lee also comes of age this year and will receive a large fortune. She is married and has one child. Bertha Rector, who has already been mentioned several times, is only fourteen years old and is worth close upon a million dollars. White guardians have done much to waste the money belonging to these minors. C When the colored school children found that their parents were being segregated at a concert which the children were giving at the Colored High School, Evansville, Ind., they struck until the colored people were allowed to sit where they pleased. G As a result of a bill appropriating $5,000 for a public employment office in "that locality which in the opinion of the Industrial Commission would best serve the interest of the Negro population," an office has been opened in the Harlem section of New York City. Assemblyman E. A. Johnson was the author of the bill. G A parade in Atlanta, Ga., represented every phase of colored life. It was reviewed by the Governor and the Mayor. Thousands of school children were in line. Negro troops from Camp Gordon took part in the procession and were enthusiastically applauded. G President Wilson received in conference recently Dr. R. R. Moton, the Hon. Emmett J. Scott, Dr. Ernest Lyon and the Hon. William H. Lewis. The subject of a loan to Liberia was discussed. G The Kentucky Legislature has passed THE HORIZON COOKING SCHOOL IN NEW ORLEANS, LA.,WHERE THE N. O. GAS COMPANYWAS ECONOMY TO in both Houses the bill making county officials liable for lynching. C The Piedmont Sanitorium, a state insti tution for colored tubercular patients, has been opened near Richmond, Va. It has 310 acres and provides for 800 patients. C A commission on the Church and Social Service in the A. M. E. Church has been organized under the direction of Dr. R. R. Wright, Jr. (I A new $50,000 home for aged and infirm Negroes has been erected in Jackson County, Mo. C The Plaza Theatre, Denver, Colo., as a result of a protest on the part of the N. A. A. C. P. admits Negroes to all parts of the house. C Kansas City, Mo., has an open air school for Negro children. (I A theatre for Negroes has been opened at Muscle Shoals, Ala., where the great dam is being built. It seats twelve hundred people. CONDUCTED BY MRS. BLANCHE A. PERKINS, WILL SPEND $12,000 FOR TEACHING 1200 COLORED WOMEN. EDUCATION. ATCHISON HIGH SCHOOL (mixed) graduates five Negroes this year: Sybil Brown, Elsie Thomas, Walter Gray, George Holmes and Charles Shobe. G Georgia is starting its first State Normal School for Negroes on 122 acres, near Al bany. J. W. Holley is to be president. (I Howard University closed May 5, and the whole plant has been turned over to the government for the training of students in radio telegraphy and other mechanical arts connected with the war. C Fourteen nurses were graduated from Dixie Hospital of Hampton Institute. Dr. Lyman Abbott of New York was the speaker at the ceremonies. THECHURCH. MOTHER ZION CHURCH in New York City raised over $15,000 last year. It has assets of $75,800, against which are mortgages of $25,000. The church mem86 TH CRISIS bership is 1,495. The Rev. Mr. J. W. Brown is pastor. d John R. Hawkins, Financial Secretary of the A. M. E. Church, reports $245,523 in dollar money raised by the A. M. E. Church. This is an increase of $32,000 over the previous year. C Representatives of colored Methodist churches have taken a first step toward union in their recent meeting' at Birmingham, Ala., which will mean a united church of two and one-half million members. POLITICS. THE Oklahoma State Supreme Court has compelled the county to give the Negro citizens of Boley an election precinct. Formerly, the two thousand Negro inhabitants of the city were forced to go six or seven miles to vote. C It is reported that Oscar DePriest, defeated for the nomination for Alderman in Chicago by Robert R. Jackson, will run as an independent candidate. PERSONAL. ROSCOE C. JAMISON, the promising- young Negro poet, is dead. C There are three colored members among sixteen of the District of Columbia National Poster Competition Campaign Committee for the best War Savings Stamps posters: Messrs. T. W. Hunster, Minor Normal School; W. D. Nixon, Dunbar High School; and B. C. Dodson, Armstrong High School. G Homer B. Roberts, of Wilmington, Kan.; Charles S. Smith, Jr., Detroit, Mich.; Butler R. Wilson, Jr., of Boston, Mass.; and Prof. Alvin Jones, of Baltimore, Md., have been commissioned Lieutenants in the 325th Field Signal Battalion, Camp Sherman, Ohio. C The Board of Public Welfare in Omaha, Neb., has added a colored worker to its staff in the person of Ruth Wallace, who has done similar work in Kansas City. G In Erwin County, Ga., the sheriff has appointed a colored tax collector, Richard H . Singleton. C Dr. Byron Watson, of Washington, D. C , has been commissioned a First Lieutenant in the Medical Reserve Corps of the National Army. G The fifth Negro to be appointed to the Police Department in New York City, Officer Delancy N . Scroggins, has been assigned to the Tenth Precinct, after serving six months as a detective. C Adolph (Ziggy) Hamblin, a Negro, is captain of Knox College baseball team, Galesburg, Ill. C Dr. W. M. Moss, pastor of Concord Baptist Church, Brooklyn, N. Y., has been seriously ill, but is recovering. His church owns property worth $150,000. C Prof. William Pickens of Morgan College has been addressing audiences in New York City for National Negro Health Week. C Dr. W. H. Vail has been elected president of the State Negro Welfare League in Newark, N. J. (I Plummer Lewis, a veteran of the Civil War, died recently in Louisville, Ky., at the age of seventy-four years. C J. Murray Jeffres, a colored man, owns and operates the Charlotte Milling and Power Company at Charlotte, Va. He lights the colored section of the town and has been asked to light the white section. C The Hon. Emmett J. Scott, Assistant Secretary of War, has been made a member of the Finance Committee of the District of Columbia Chapter of the American Red Cross in connection with the campaign for one hundred million dollars. C Major Otis B. Duncan of the 370th Infantry (formerly the Eighth Illinois) has been made a Lieutenant-Colonel. O Adele Ruffin, a colored worker of the National War Work Council of the Y. W. C. A., is at Newport News, Va., in the interest of the colored troopers and work among Negro women and girls. C Silas Cluke, Negro member of the Freshman class in Atchison High School (mixed), won first place in the four minute contest dealing with War Saving Stamps. C Daniel Murray, of Washington, and Bishop John Hurst have bought seventy-five building lots in Baltimore County, Md., for $9,000. (I A colored applicant, Henrietta T. Seth, of Philadelphia, Pa., averaged thirteenth in a class of two hundred applicants for a position as government stenographer. She has been assigned to the munition plant at Eddystone, at a salary of $1,200. (I Among over one hundred white and three Negro applicants in a Civil Service examination for clerkship in Atlanta, Ga., Mrs. M. S. Jackson, one of the colored applicants, ranked highest. Her mark in mathematics was 99 per cent. C Sergeant Joseph L. Stevens, at Camp Stanley, Tex., made 96 out of 100 at target THE HORIZON range, thus becoming second in rank among four thousand white and colored troopers and first in his own platoon. C Paul Robeson, football star at Rutgers College in New Jersey, has been elected a member of the senior secret society, "Cap and Skull." C Mrs. Helen Curtis, wife of the late James L. Curtis, U. S. Minister to Liberia, has sailed for France to do canteen work under the Y. M. C. A. C Mt. Zion Congregational Church, Cleveland, Ohio, organized in 1864, has made the Rev. Mr. George V. Clark its pastor emeritus. The present pastor is the Rev. Mr. I. K. Merchant. C Mrs. Howard Gould gave up her suite in the Raleigh Hotel, Washington, D. C , recently, because Professor Kelly Miller was denied the privilege of riding in the passenger elevator when he called to see her. C Lieut. H. A. Rogers is chaplain of the Eleventh, Twelfth and Thirteenth Battalions of the First Provisional Regiment (colored) at Camp Gordon, Ga., being the only Negro officer in the Eighty-second Division. C Mrs. Grace Wilson, of Chicago, has been sworn in as policewoman and assigned to the Third District. She will receive $1,000 the first year and $1,400 thereafter. C John A. Simms, for eighty-two years a resident of Washington, D. C , and steward at the White House during the administration of President Hayes, is dead. C The funeral of George Fleming, a colored man who for thirty-one years was court messenger in Augusta, Ga., was attended by judges and city officials. C Mrs. Maggie L. Walker, of Richmond, has won the first trial of her suit for insurance of $7,500 on her late husband's life. The case will be appealed to the Supreme Court of Virginia. C The estate of the late Professor H. T. Kealing, of Kansas City, Kan., has been appraised at $50,000. G The Misses T. Brooks and C. Henry have been appointed clerks by the postmaster in New York City. C John Parker, a colored man seventy-three years old, was killed at Laurel, Del., in saving the life of a girl. He pushed the girl off the fender of an automobile. C Richard B. Fitzgerald, a well-known brickmaker of Durham, N . C , is dead at the age of seventy-five. ([ Mrs. Lucy Thurman, a prominent colored woman and sister of Bishop C. S. Smith, is dead at Jackson, Mich., at the age of sixty-eight. C J. R. E. Lee, Principal of the Lincoln High School, Kansas City, Mo., has been elected president of Lincoln Institute, Jefferson City, Mo. He succeeds Benjamin F. Allen, who has long been connected with the institution. G Professor J. R. L. Diggs is teaching French at Howard University. G Mrs. Sallie Phillips, wife of Archdeacon Henry L. Phillips of Philadelphia, is dead. C Dr. S. B. Jones, College Physician of the A. &amp; T. College, Greensboro, N . C , has been called into the service of the British Government as physician and magistrate. G James T. Cole, widely known Negro butler, is dead in St. Louis. C Earl Perkins, a twelve-year-old colored boy, is the champion speller of Ramsey County, Minn. He defeated seventy-eight white children. C The late Mrs. Margaret E. Zimmerman, of New York, left $10,000 to the American Church Institute for Negroes in her will. C Dr. E. F. Eggleston, Pastor of Thirteenth Avenue Presbyterian Church, Newark, N . J., is dead. FOREIGN. THE King of England has conferred the Order of the British Empire upon the Hon. H. A. L. Simpson, a colored member in the Jamaica Legislature from Kingston. G The British War Department has awarded military medals to Messrs. Harry Defasse, L. G. Murray, Oscar Delapenha, Oscar Brown and David Thomas of the British West Indian contingent. C The following citations for bravery have been made in a British West India regiment: Pte. C. Hyndman (Trinidad).—For gallantry and devotion to duty on November 7, 1917, when his company was covering the withdrawal of a squadron of Imperial Service Cavalry from Two Tree Farm. Under heavy shell fire, he repeatedly volunteered to run messages from the officer conducting the withdrawal to the advanced parties. He showed a fine example of courage and devotion to duty to those around him in trying circumstances. Pte. F. Puller (Jamaica).— For gallantry and devotion to duty shown repeatedly whilst acting as a scout in patrol work in No Man's Land on the nights of the THE CRISIS RATIFICATION DAY IN 7th and 8th of November, 1917, when the main patrol at Atawineh Redoubt had failed to reach its objective. He volunteered to again go out; and brought back valuable information as to the enemy's movements. Lee, Corporal V. E. Johns.—For conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty. On November 7, 1917, he laid a telephone line from Dumbell Hill to Two Tree Farm, where he established a telephone station, remaining with the advanced troops covering the withdrawal of a squadron of Imperial Service Cavalry. Under heavy shell fire, he remained on duty at his post in a particularly exposed position, d A German submarine bombarded Monrovia, the capital of Liberia, and killed several persons. G Hiawatha Taylor, son of the late S. Coleridge Taylor, is serving in France with the British Red Cross. G Colored soldiers from Trinidad, serving in Egypt, have recently won one military cross and three military medals for bravery. GHETTO. THE Board of Education in Louisville, Ky., has approved the following salary schedules for teachers in the high schools: White teachers (boys), Class A, $2,000 maximum, $1,800 minimum; Class B, $1,700 maximum, $1,550 minimum; Class A THE VIRGIN ISLANDS. (girls), $1,500 maximum, $1,350 minimum; Class B, $1,300 maximum, $1,050 minimum. For colored teachers there is only one class —Class A, the salary for which is $1,200 maximum, $1,000 minimum. 0 On account of the immigration of Ne groes from the South, Laborers' Protective Union Number 1 of Newark, N . J., is dom inated by its Negro members. The Essex County Building Trades Council, however, refused to recognize William A. Pearsall, the Negro elected to represent the union. G The trial of thirty-nine Negroes, mem bers of the Twenty-fourth Infantry, for the Houston riot, finishes the series of the court martial. The verdicts will all go to the President for review. G The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Collinsville, Ill., April 4, Robert P. Prager, hanged (white), accused of making disloyal remarks. Poplarville, Miss., April 20, Claud Sin gleton, hanged, accused of murdering a white man. He had been sentenced to life imprisonment. Lexington, Ky., April 22, Berry Noyes, hanged, murder of Sheriff W. E. McBride. Monroe, La., April 22, Clyde Williams, hanged, shooting C. L. Thomas, Missouri- Pacific station agent at Fawndale. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Standard Life InsuranceCompany Approved BY ALL classes! Thirteen Thousand People have expressed over Six Million Dollars worth of Confidence in STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY by Carrying insurance to that amount with this Company. These people represent 167 different occupations and professions. They range from 15 to 55 years of age. They reside in forty different States, at the Nation's Capitol and in two Foreign Countries. The Company is playing an important part in the making of History and in the establishment of the Economic Emancipation of the Race. In the five years of its existence, theCompany has paid death benefits totaling $72, 581.26. It has fully justified the confidence of its policyholders. W e want you as a policyholder of the most rapidly growing organization of its kind among Negroes. We want high class Agents to represent us. They will earn more than in many other professions today. If you are worth from $1200 to $3000 a year write us. STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY Home Office ATLANTA, GEORGIA Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Southern Aid Society of Virginia Incorporated HOME OFFICE: 527 NORTH SECOND STREET RICHMOND, VIRGINIA INSURES AGAINST SICKNESS, ACCIDENT AND DEATH Full Protection Against the Full Death Claims Emergencies of life. Paid After Death, Regardless of SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VA. INC. Amount of Benefits Perpetual Paying Drawn During Benefits on Account Life. of Sickness and Accidents. Over $5,000,000 Insurance in force. Over $1 ,000,000 paid to policyholders. Over $300,000 assets owned by the Society. Over 1,000 people employed by the Society. Over one-half million dollars annual business. You are not finished without a Southern Aid Policy A. D. PRICE, THOS. M. CRUMP . B. L. JORDAN , President Secretary Assistant Secretary Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NORTH CAROLINA MUTUAL AND PROVIDENT ASSOCIATION Home Office, DURHAM, N. CAROLINA The Oldest, Largest and Strongest Old Line Legal Reserve Negro Life Insurance Company in the World Abstract from Financial Statement for 1917 Shows: TotalTotal Income—191 7 Disbursements—191 7 $ 624,794.31  523,915.70 INCOM EAdmitted OVE R Assets DISBURSEMENT S $ 100,878.61  358,363.97 Liabilities (Including $258,918—Legal Reserve).. 270,801.51 Unassigned Funds (Surplus) 87,562.46 INSURANCE IN FORCE $11,157,472.00 $130,000.00 DEPOSITED WITH INSURANCE DEPARTMENTS For the Protection of the Policyholders Amount Paid in Claims Since Organization $1,736,504.50 Your Chance to Buy Stable Life Insurance from $500 to $5,000. POLICIES WITH AL L MODERN PROVISIONS, IN CLUDING A PERMANENT DISABILITY CLAUSE. John Merrick, President A . M . Moore, M . D., Sec'y and Treas. C. C. Spaulding, Vice-President and General Manager J. M . Avery, Assistant Gen'l Manager E. R. Merrick, Ass't Sec'y Mention TH E CRISIS. 92 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER ' I WHY NEW YORK REAL ESTATE GROWS IN VALUE When it is realized that the permanent increase in population of New York in one year was 400,000 equaling the population of Cleveland, Ohio, some idea of the tremendous growth of the city is appreciated.—National Magazine. PUT YOUR DOLLARS IN IMPROVED NEW YORK CITY REAL ESTATE You have heard of the Payton Apartments, Nos. 117-127-135 West 141st Street, and Nos. 130-140-148 West 142nd Street, New York City, the finest owned and controlled by colored people in the world, set aside for the tenantry of colored families. A proper idea of the magnitude of this proposition can be had only by taking into consideration that these houses cover a tract of over two and one-half acres, or thirty-three full city lots. These six large, modern, de luxe elevator apartment houses contain 306 apartments, 1466 rooms, and will house more than 1500 people. They were constructed at a cost of one and a half million dollars. The Payton Apartments Corporation, incorporated under the laws of the State of New York, with a capitalization of $250,000.00, was organized to take title to these valuable properties. The Directorate of the Corporation is made up of the following well known men: E. C. Brown, President, is a Banker and Real Estate Operator of Philadelphia, Pa. Andrew F. Stevens, Vice President, is a Banker and President of the Home Extension Insurance Association of Philadelphia. Emmett J. Scott, Secretary and Treasurer, is Secretary of Tuskegee, Alabama. He is also one of the Assistant Departmental Heads at Washington. W. H . C Brown, Director, is an Investment Banker, Washington, D. C Heman E. Perry, Director, is President of the Standard Life Insurance Co., Atlanta, Ga. We have published a little booklet, illustrated, telling all about this remarkable proposition. It tells how for as small a sum as five dollars a month for a few months you can become a part owner in the largest real estate proposition in the world undertaken by Negroes. Send for Booklet today. It is free for the asking. E. C. BROWN COMPANY Investment Securities 427 S. BROAD STREET PHILADELPHIA, PA. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER SEND FOR A FREE COPY OF OUR BEAUTIFUL BOOKLET ON "THE ROAD TO INDEPENDENCE" It tells you all about HOMESTEAD ORCHARD, the large co-operative or chard development project that has already met with such remarkable success, and that offers you an opportunity to realize all the hopes and aspirations that lie deep est in every heart: A HOME, a PERPETUAL INCOME, INDEPENDENCE and PLENTY. A HOMESTEAD ORCHARD ESTATE offers you an opportunity to INSURE YOURSELF AGAINST THE POSSIBILITY OF POVERTY AND WANT for all time to come: An opportunity to secure a home in a land where living is a real pleasure, and where HEALTH, HAPPINESS, PROSPERITY and EVERLASTING ENTOYMENT arc to be had, as well as a place where you can spend your SUMMER VACATIONS and enjoy the BEAUTIFUL LAKES, STREAMS and shady woodlands that are there aplenty, and an opportunity to invest part of your savings where thev will be SAFE and where they will earn you the MAXIMUM RETURNS. In addition to all the above, a HOMESTEAD ORCHARD ESTATE is one of the BEST FORMS OF INSURANCE THERE IS BECAUSE YOU DON'T HAVE TO WAIT UNTIL YOU DIE in order to get the benefits of it. You get the benefits WHILE YOU LIVE, AND THE BEST PART OF IT IS THAT YOU DON'T HAVE TO DO A BIT OF WORK NOR SPEND A BIT OF TIME in taking care of your estate, because WE DO THAT FOR YOU. YOU own the land and W E do all the work. That is why the demand for Homestead Orchard Estates has been so great ever since it was first introduced about A YEAR AND A HALF AGO. The proposition is JUST WHAT THE PEOPLE_ HAVE WANTED and they are losing no time in taking advantage of the opportunity. If you would like to know all about Homestead Orchard, what and where it is, and how an investment of only $275.00 on the EASY PAYMENT plan can earn from $200.00 to $500.00 OR MORE A YEAR FOR PRACTICALLY THE REST OF YOU R LIFE , simply fill out and mail the attached coupon and we will gladly send you one of our BEAUTIFUL BOOKLETS giving full particulars about this offer, together with copies of letters received from people who visited Homestead Orchard and who made careful investigations into everything. FILL OUT AND MAIL THE COUPON TODAY. YOU WILL FIND THE BOOKLET WELL WORTH RECEIVING. WRITE YOUR NAME AND AD DRESS PLAINLY. Address THE SWAN-ARENSON REALTY &amp; DEVELOPMENT CO. 19 S. La Salle Street Chicago, Illinois I The Swan-Arenson Realty &amp; Development Co. 19 S. L a Salle St., Chicago, Ill. Gentlemen: You may send me, without any obligations on my part, full particulars about J your Homestead Orchard offer. 1 Name Address Town State , 8-18-C Mention TH E CIRSIS. 94 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 40 Teachers and Workers Over 600 Students TALLADEGA COLLEGE Rev. F. A. SUMNER, President TALLADEGA, ALABAMA A School for Training Leaders Positive Christian Influence EQUIPPED FOR STANDARD WORK IN ALL DEPARTMENTS Twenty Buildings Four Laboratories Modern Hospital Electric Light Library of 16,000 Volumes Athletic Field Steam Heat Pipe Organ Good Board Hot and Cold Water Model Farm Expense Low Departments and Courses Scientific Bible Institute Domestic Science and Arts Classical Academy Nurse Training Educational Conservatory of Music Manual Training Theological Agriculture Printing Social Service For Catalog and Information, address THE PRESIDENT'S OFFICE, Talladega College, Talladega, Alabama Hale Infirmary and Nurse HARTSHORN MEMORIAL COLLEGE RICHMOND, VIRGINIA Training School A superior school for the separate, higher educa 328 Lake Street, Montgomery, Alabama. tion of young women. Select Courses of study, Industrial, Music, Preparatory. Classical, Normal and Hale Infirmary School of Nursing offers to in telligent young women between the age of eighteen College. Provides a pleasant home, careful culture and thirty-five a three years' course in the profession of nursing. Students of this school are eligible Expenses very moderate. to Alabama examinations for the degree of R. N. Send for Catalog to the President. For further information apply to the superintendent. and thorough training. YOU WANT MORE MONEY and A TRIBUTE you can FOR have it! Your spare time — an hour a day — will earn you $10 per week, by acting as agent for our book. It is history, it is inspiration to greater race achievements, it is the best contribution to race and country in THE NEGRO SOLDIER years. It is praised in highest terms by such men as Emmett J. Scott, special assistant to the Secretary of War; General J. S. Clarkson, Senator Wadsworth, Dr. John W. Cromwell, and preachers and teachers by the score. Second edition now selling. Write for terms to agent. BRUCE and FRANKLIN JOHN E. BRUCE 1309 E. 18th Street, Kansas City, Mo. A special offer of 5 copies for $1.00 for a short period. Wholesale rate in quantities of 12 or more. Mention TH E CRISIS, THE CRISIS ADVERTISER $20 to $30 Per Week Prof. Kelly Miller, Howard University Washington, D. C. NEGRO SOLDIER IN OUR WAR ( NEW BOOK) Tells all about the war; it is fair to Colored people; everyone buys; a tremendous seller. Price only $1.75; agents making $8 to S15 per day. Send 25 cents for agents' outfit. AUSTIN JENKINS CO., 523 Ninth Street "Washing-ton, D. C. being made selling our new book "Progress and Achievements of the Colored People" by Prof. Kelly Miller, showing the wonderful doings and new opportunities of our race; low prices, many pictures, lightning seller; ask for terms, write for outfit 25 cents. AUSTIN JENKINS CO., 623 Ninth Street Washington, D. C. Prof. G. A, Goodman, Treas., Mississippi M. &amp; I. College. Writes: "I have sold 170 Progress of Colored People, sold 32 in one day, went out on a two day trip and sold 50." THE DISGRACE OF DEMOCRACY A n Open Letter to President Wilson By KELLY MILLER "The ablest document the war has yet produced in the United States."—H. L. Menchen, Editor Smart Set. " With this document the Negro problem is no longer a vague futurity. The Negro question has arrived."— New York Globe. AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE. Price, 10 cents a copy Terms to agents, 5 cents a copy OVER 65,000 COPIES ALREADY DISTRIBUTED Address:—KELLY MILLER, Howard University, WASHINGTON. D. C. Mention TH E Crisis. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 19 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY :; ATLANTA, GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. Ml West 138th Street •:• New York, N. Y. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address) E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK STEWARD'S "HAITIAN REVOLUTION" Praised by distinguished Haitians "No more interesting book has been written."—Army and Navy Register. The book that every young colored man should read Price $1.25 net Address T. G. Steward, Wilberforce, Ohio or the CRISIS, 70-5th Ave., New York City BUSTS OF Booker T. Washington, Fred Douglass, Paul Lawrence Dunbar, Bishop Richard Allen. $1.50 each. The 4 busts for $5.00. Agents wanted. Send at once. THE ISAAC HATHAWAY ART CO. 718 S. HICKORY ST., PINE BLUFF. ARK. J Have You Read "Morning Meditations and Other Selections" By Bishop R. A. Carter, A.M., D.D. ? If you have not, send for a copy today. It is a book for thoughtful pastors. It is a storehouse of good things for aspiring young men and women. The book contains the choicest of the Bishops' sermons and addresses delivered to colleges, secret societies, General Conferences, etc. The sermons to the Odd Fellows and Knights of Pythias on their thanksgiving occasions have been pronounced by competent critics masterly expositions of the principles of these orders. You will enjoy reading "Dreams and Dreamers," "The Universal Law for Stars and Souls," "The Three Downward Steps in The Ministry." More than 200 pages beautifully bound in cloth. Now in its second edition. Price $1.25 a copy. Agents wanted. Liberal terms to the right persons. Order from Bishop R. A. Carter 398 Auburn Avenue, ATLANTA, GA. TO SELL GREAT Agents Wanted EPIC POEM TO Hon. Frederick Douglass Historical and Epigramatic. Absorbing in interest; Inspiring in effect; Epic in subject and replet. with incident. One Hundred and Eight Verses--Illustrated. De Luxe Edition $1.00. Write for terms. Enclose a 3c stamp. By Dr. M. A. Majors, 4714 State St., Chicago, Ill. THE NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY Contains 896 Pages, SS Chapters, Historical and Biographical, 17 Full Page Illustrations Printed on Fine Antique Book, Bound in Full Green Extra Cloth, Gold Title on Front Cover and Shelf Back. Price, net $1.25. Postage Prepaid $1.40. Order through any bookseller or direct from the author. Address JOHN W. CROMWELL 1439 Swann St. Washington, D. C. BLACK BOYS IN KHAKI are asking for reading' matter on Negro subjects. For particulars address the Negro Books for Negro Soldiers Movement. 61 Bible House, New York City. Books? Seethe Selected Listo n Inside Back Cover Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 97 ROLAND W. HAYES, Tenor Recitals Concerts Oratorio Opera His voice is rich, pure, free and gracefully lyric; Lends Itself easily to dramatic passages. Not only has he a voice that many might envy, he also has the gift of Interpretation, He catches almost instinctly the mood of the poet and composer.—Philip Hale, in Boston Herald. He combines a pleasing and well trained voice, particularly well used, With notable ability to express the meaning of his songs, excellent enunciation and love for his art —Bust on Traveler. Address: 130 Boylston St.. Boston. Mass. LULA ROBINSON-JONES Soprano Available for Concerts Telephone 6393 Morningtide 126 W. 134th Street New York City FLORENCE COLE-TALBERT Soprano "She has one of the best voices that God has given her race." —Los Angeles Times Engagements accepted for Concerts. Recitals, Oratorio 93 Locust Street, Detroit, Mich. Clarence Cameron White VIOLINIST "Critics are one in then high estimate of the splendid attainments of Clarence Cameron White and his Con cert appearance in your city means the musical event of the season." For terms and dates address 616 COLUMBUS AVENUE BOSTON, MASS. Harry A. Williams. Pupil of Delle Sedie and Sbriglia—Paris Denza and Tosti—Loudon. VOICE CULTURE Coaching and Repertoire French and Italian Songs a Specialty. 171 West 141st St., New York City. Telephone Audubon 8009. Would you like to adorn the walls of your home with i i LEAD KINDLY LIGHT" the painting by William E. Scott which was used on the April CRISIS cover ? So many of our readers who do not care to de stroy the magazine itself but are desirous of hav ing this beautiful cover picture for framing have asked us for extra copies of this work. W E AR E ABLE TO MEET THEIR WISHES. A copy of this cover neatly trimmed and suitable for fram ing and carefully mailed with protecting card board will be sent to any address on receipt of five cents in stamps. Address: The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Ave. Mention The Records of Negro Artists No institution and no agency has done as much to bring into popular knowledge the best in the world's store of music and .song as the phonograph. Whether for recreation or for instruction, this remarkable device has made a place for itself in the homes of the world. Probably you have wanted to bring to your home and to your family and to your friends the voice of the individual Negro singer or the playing of the individual Negro performer who would take high rank among the invisible makers of music and singers of song whom the phonograph has brought to cheer your spare moments after the grind of the day's work is done. Roland W . Hayes, the acknowledged leading singer of the Negro race, is bringing out a series of such records of Negro Artists and the following numbers are now ready: "Swing Low Sweet Chariot" (arranged by Harry Burleigh). "Vesti la Guibba (Put on Your Smock)" from Pagliacci, with orchestral accompaniment. "Twilight," by Katherine A. Glen, with pianoforte accompaniment. "I Hear You Calling Me," by Marshall, with pianoforte accompaniment. These records sell for $1.50 each and can be used on any machine using disc records. Address : ROLAND W. HAYES 130 Boylston Street Boston, Mass. Crisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER PREPARATIONS forthe HAIR Worth more The culmination of the genius than it Costs of Mm e C. J . Walker is her wonderful ^ Hair Grower and in itself is a wonderful creation for dandruff and falling hair. In fact, it invigorates dry and lifeless hair, stimulates circulation, thereby causing a new growth. Mme C. J. Walker's Preparations Vegetable Shampoo. A splendid food and thor are all now packed in SQUARE YELLOW BOXES ough cleanser for the scalp % and hair. Has a healling effect with Mme.. C. J. Walker's Seal and Signature on a sore scalp, in fact is excellent for removing on each outside package, which is YOUR GUARANTEE dandruff. ^^F. , ' "~~ A11 Mme. C.J. WALKER'S THER E is nothing Inventions are reimaginary about the liable because they reWorld-Wide Fame of store and beautify the Mme. C. J. Walker's hair without injury to the Ultra-Quality Preparascalp and are used and tions. None genuine endorsed by thousands of without Mme. C. J. WalHair Dressers, Scalp Speker's seal and signature. cialists, throughout the country, known as the We Save ' gone to a great deal of expense to put these Walker Hair Dressers, preparations up in new yellow having a diploma from cardboard boxes, sealed with the Lelia College of Hair the Walker trade-mark as a -=H Culture which signifies guarantee that you are getting the genuine Mme. C. J. Walker | Mme. C. J. Walker's Lelia College and ITetterSalve One Walker Hair Parlor Preparations which are "worlh of the best system. 110 W. 136lb St.. New York more than they cost. known cures for For Mail Order! and Information Address dandruff, tetter and eczema makes a friend Mme. C. J. Walker M'fg Co., once used if , Main Office, 640 N.; West Street, Indianapolis, Ind. afflicted with this skin disease. ! Scientific. 1 Thorough, and Practical. Temple Grower. Recommended highly from those whohave used it for growing hair on the temples or bald spots Endorsed by thousands of hairdressers throughout U.S.A. Clossine.Onlytobe used in dressing the hair and it will make short harsh hair behave and stay Inplace if \ usedas directed at the same time imparls \ a beautifulglossTo the hair Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 	90 // It Is For Your LodgeWE HAVE IT! We manufacture Lodge Regalia for every Fraternal Society. Cash or Installment Plan. Cheapest Badge House in the Country. Catalogue for your Society FREE. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Negro Regalia House. JOS. L.JONES. Pres, N.	 E. Cor. 8th &amp; Plum Cincinnati, Ohio French Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring and Millinery. Special courses in Designing. Copying, Draping, Making, Trimming. Fin ishing. Cutting and Fitting. A PRIVATE BOARDING SCHOOL FOR SPECIAL TRAINING. Individual Instruction. Write for Catalog. 4221 OAKENWALD AVENUE, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS Mme. BRIDGES' SCHOOL LADIES WANTED Smart, ambitious, hustling women to enter business. Clear $15.00 to $25.00 per week. Easy—pleasant. I will show you how. Dr. BELL, 4709 State St., Chicago,ILL. WE ARE NOW GIVING THE COURSE BY CORRESPONDENCE Special price for sixty days only $15.00, payable $10.00 with application and $5.00 when diploma is granted. Send $1.00 for thirty days' trial treatment. COLLEGE W e teach only one person in a DERMO town, she teaches the rest. Our MAKES YOUCO. graduated agents are making AN EXPERT IN HAIR money. AND BEAUTY CULTURE DERMO COLLEGE CO. CHICAGO 19 East 43d St. Chicago. Ill unmn I	 HAND MADE NATURAL HUMAN HAIR WIGS Transformations, Switches, Puffs, Plaits, I Bangs, Coronet Braids, that can be combed the I same as your own hair. Human hair for sale 1 by ounce or pound. Hair NETS. = We Carry the Largest Stock in Electric Combs H Mail Orders sent to my part of the U. S. or B. W. I, Send 2c for catalog. MME. BAUM'S HAIR EMPORIUM, Inc. Pennsylvania Terminal. P. O. Box 145. New York City Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 1227 S. 17th Street THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE Phila., Pa. SHORTHAND TYPEWRITING BOOKKEEPING OVER THE TOP IN THREE MONTHS Our student-army is organizing to start a three-months' campaign against Shorthand, Typewriting and Bookkeeping. They are going to capture the knowl edge and take the salary-prizes of $1,000 and $1,200 by September 1st. Several of our students arc now enjoying high salary-prizes in the Govern ment Service and private corporations. A short time ago a few of our students and others received nasty letters, saying. "Give reasons why you should not be dismissed from the service within two days." Rev. Duncan was notified, and he, in turn, gave all details to our Congressman, William S. Vare, and in 24 hours everything was cleared up for our students and others. They are now working with a smile that will not come off. We train the student, graduate them, and protect them after leaving the school. Free Employment Service—We have a large number of situations in domestic service—a few calls for competent stenographers. Several students leaving school have applied for clerical positions. Employers send for our list of situations wanted, and choose our applicants. Enclose stamp for reply. EDWARD T. DUNCAN, President Mrs. M . Watson Rudd, 47 West 42d Street New York City THIS MAY BE THE VERY has placed upon the market her new MAN YOU NEED ROSE NINON NUFEET POWDER. It is especially recommended for soldiers, clerks, railIs 35 years old. married, one child. Owns road and factory employees, dancers and all persons moderate size, modern printing office. who are required to stand or walk to any extent. Trained social worker. High school and business college graduate; 18 years' practical Agents Wanted—Write for particulars. experience in business world as executive. Thoro knowledge of advertising principles and practice. Recent graduate from University Real Estate Course. Seeks opportunity where Saunders Chambers industry, intelligence and initiative would be recognized and given an opportunity to ex pand. If vou have such an opening, address Furnished Rooms to let by the day or week. in confidence. K. T. H , care C RISIS . 70 5th Ave., New York City. 98 Cranston St., Providence, R. I. Mrs. F. B. SAUNDERS, Proprietor Telephone 1116 Gaspee LADIES PANA-MA BAG SET. The season's latest and most popular novelty, $11.25 Earn Big Money value for $3.95. Particulars and photograph upon request. At home in a pleasant, spare time business DAHLSTEDT'S SERVICE, BOX 463G, of your own. We show you how to manuSaratoga Springs, N. Y, facture perfumery. Send stamp for free sachet powder formula. M. J. Bailey, 311 Walnut It., Reading, Pa. AGENTS $60 WEEKLY Robinson Folding Bath Tub. Big seller. Costs ~ little, no plumbing, little water. Weight WANTED 15 pounds, folds into small roll. Full length baths » far better than tin tubs. Guaranteed 10 years. $10 Agents for the THE CRISIS, Dignified work a day easily made. Write for free tub offer. Robinson Cabinet MFG. CO 4836 Factories Bldg. Toledo, Ohio 70 Fifth Avenue, New York GOING TO For Cooks THE PRESS THE BIG FOUR BON TON BOOKS and Waiters THE SOUTHERN CHEF—$2.00. All Southern, Creole. today. SERVICE EFFICIENCY ENCOURAGES PAT RONAGE , The Bon Tim Waiter adds a touch of refine ment to your dining service which leaves a pleasing im THE BROADWAY CHEF—SALAD BOOK—$2.00. All Oriental ami Indian Dishes, pression with every guest. THES E BOOK S are needed the new Salads. Dressings and Condiments. in every hotel where education, culture and refinement are appreciated and truly esteemed. THE BON TON WAITER—$ 1.00—On sale now. Consen sus of service by the heal American and European head TH E BON TON TAILOR—$5.00—Second Edition. For waiters SERVIC E is the big idea in the hotel world Tailors, Dressmakers, Cleaners and Dyers. 20 years ratered to New DALLAS GURLEY, 436 Lenox Avenue, New York City York's "400." Mention TUT: CRISIS. THE CRISIS SITUATIONS WANTED Domestic Science, Mathematics, Biology, History and Music—graduates—best testimonials. Standard Teachers' Agency (.Established 1897) 1011 New York Avenue, Washington, D. C. STENOGRAPHERS WANTED Al l Races Prepare in the best school of its kind in the State Subjects Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, English, Penmanship, Civil Service Training, and SPANISH. COMMERCIAL CLASS Lenox Community Center—at PUBLIC SCHOOL 89 Lenox Avenue and 135th St., New York City. Open All Year—Four Evenings Weekly. Fitz W. Mottley, President. A live agency furnishes the TEACHERS connecting medium in a business way between teachers and schools and relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia. Illinois, Indiana, Kansas. Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, New York, North Carolina. Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and Weaf Virginia, THE MUTUAL-TEACHERS' AGENCY 1108 New York Avenne Washington, D. C. 100 CALLING CARDS 50 CENTS Calling and Business cards are good sellers at all seasons of the year. Liberal commissions. Write for samples and agent's terms. The House of Chowning, Indianapolis. Ind. HOTEL WASHINGTON First-Class Service for First-Class People 3427 South Park Avenue, Chicago, ILL. HOTEL DALE CAPE MAY, N. J. Comfort and Elegance without Extravagance This Magnificent Hotel, Located in the Heart of the Most Beautiful Seashore Resort in the World, is replete with every modern improvement, superlative in construction, appointments, service and refined patronage. Orchestra daily, garage, bath houses, tennis, etc., on premises. Special attention given to ladies and children. Send for booklet. E. W. DALE, Owner ADVERTISER 101 The Colored Teachers' Bureau Will Help You Get A Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TERMS Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, Wilberforce, O. Open June 20th. Closed September 10th. THE OCEAN HOUSE Sea Isle City. N. J. This hotel is right on the ocean front, It has wide porches, large conservatory dining room where one has a beautiful view of the ocean while dining. Every room, opens on the ocean. Special rates for" July. Mrs. Lucy Lee, proprietor, 5 Plain St., Elmhurst, L, I. Address after June 1st, Ocean House, Sea Isle City, N. J. Bell telephone connection. Beautiful Idlewild The most wonderfully ideal spot where young and old cast aside for the time all the cares and worries of their strenuous, nerve racking routine lives and romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the full nature In all her wondrous glory. The waters of the lake and surrounding trout streams are fairly teeming with game flsh of the best varieties Do you enjoy bathing, boating, fishing, hunting T Do you enjoy roaming through the woods picking wild flowers and wild berries ? Do you want a place to go where you can build up your health, vitality, energy and business efficiency? Do you enjoy mingling with the active, thinking, progressive people of the day—people who do things? . Do you believe in progress and do you want to * have a part In one of the most progressive move-/incnls of the tune? Surely! * Then you will be Interested In, and want to own a lot of your own In Beautiful Idlewild, J Michigan, if you act at once you can ae-* cure a beautiful lot for only $24.50 each; / $6.00 cash; $1.00 per week. When your ' payment* are completed the lot will be / transferred to you by an absolute * warranty deed with abstract snowing / clear title. / Goo d live energetic agents wanted Idlewild ResortCompany1110 Hartford Bldg. Chicago Ill Gentlemen: Without cost to me please send me full particulars Idlewild Resort Company 1110 Hartford BIdg. So. Dearborn St. Chicago,Ill Mention T HE CRISIS. 102 THE CRISIS Statement of the Ownership, Management, Circulation, etc., required by the Act of Congress of August 24, 1912, of TH E CRISIS, published monthly at 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y., for April 1, 1918. State of New York I County of New York (ss' Before me, a Notary Public in and for the State and County aforesaid, personally appeared Augustus Granville Dill, who, having been duly sworn according to law, deposes and says that he is the Business Manager of TH E CRISIS, and that the following is, to the best of his knowledge and belief, a true statement of the ownership, management, etc, of the aforesaid publication for the date shown in the above caption, required by the Act of August 24, 1912, embodied in section 443, Postal Laws and Regulations: Publisher: The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Editor: W. E. Burgbardt DuBois, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Managing Editor: W. E. Burghardt DuBois, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Business Manager: Augustus Granville Dill, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Owners: The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, a corporation with no stock. Moorfield Story, President; John H. Shillady, Secretary: Oswald Garrison Villard, Treasurer: Joel E. Spingarn. Chairman Board of Directors Known bondholders, mortgagees and other security holders holding 1 per cent or more of total amount of bonds, mortgages or other securities: None. A. G. Dill,. Business Manager. Sworn to and subscribed before me this 1st day of April, 1918. C. A. Ingalls. Notary Public. (My commission expires Marth 30, l 919. I Notary Public Richmond County, No. 19. Notary Public New York County, No. 7. in the largest city in the world. BUY A LOT Only $10,00 down and $5.00 monthly. Located just beyond New York City line with its population of 6,000, 000. 5c. fare to Broadway Subway 242d street. Our lots are free and clear, no mortgage on them. High ground; public school nearby; good neighhorhood: near largest carpet mills in the world. Will furnish hanking references. 22 years in business, Send for full particulars to G. EDWARDS W. 45th St. New York City We GIVE it to YOU Take this fine Made-to-Quality Measure Suit and don't and Fit pay us one cent for it, Guaran We want you to get one of our high class suits, absolutely Free, so you can show it to your friends. It will be a big advertisement for us. If you have a little spare time, you can easily make from $35 to $50 EVERY WEEK and besides that be the best- dressed man in your town. It's an opportunity you cannot afford to overlook. Don't delay a minute. Write for this Big Offer at Once Drop us a line or send us your name on a postal card and we will send you absolutely Free, our wonderful style book, containing dozens of sam ples and fashion plates to choose from. Write Now. Everything sent Free and postage prepaid. THE PROGRESS TAILORING CO. Dept. 981, CHICAGO ADVERTISER Telephone, Baring 7794 ISADORE MARTIN Real Estate and Insurance Notary Public Mortgages 6 North 42nd Street, Philadelphia, Pa. ,o w {ssr«. * HARRY E. DAVIS AttORNEY-AT-LaW Notary PUBLIC 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS A ttorney and C ounsellor-at-L aw 818 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH A ttorney-at-L aw Office,: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. Tel 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN A ttorney and C ounsellor-at-L av U School Street Boston, Mast Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. P. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN A ttorneys-at-L aw 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Patents secured on easy terms Write for particulars. JOS. H . STEWART , Attorney-at-Law, 494 Louisiana Ave., N.W., Washington, D. C. Telephone Greeley 4214 Established 1911 BRANIC'S New York and Brooklyn Express Daily Trips to Harlem 212 WEST 35th STREET ANDREW J. BRAN1C New York City Domestic Science Teacher wishes position as MATRON, STEWARDESS OR TEACHER For information address H. L. in care of the CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue New York City SUNSHINE COTTAGE A Rest Home for Women Convalescents and Invalids Cared For (Mrs) Corinna M. Phillips, R. N. 171 King Street Springfield, Mass. WEST PHILADELPHIA BEAUTIFUL PORCH FRONT HOMES FOR SALE Respectable families who are particular and desire to live in a nice locality; every modern convenience. Very low terms arranged. Inspection invited. J. ADAMS, JR., 5815 Market St., Philadelphia. Mention The Crisis. IIIIIII1IIUIIIIIIIIIIIIUIIIIIIIIIIIH A Selected List ofBooks These prices do no, include postage. Postage extra. | HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) $1.00 j I TH E AMERICAN CAVALRYMAN. (Henry F. Downing) . . 1.50 j | NORRIS WEIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 § f TH E LIFE AND TIMES OF BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (B. F. Riley) 1.50 | • A NARRATIVE OF THENEGRO- (Leila Amos Pendleton) . 1.50 1 | SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. Du Bois) 1.25 j | TH E WHITE MAN'S BURDEN. (T. Shirby Hodge) 1.00 § • RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 | | HISTORY OF THENEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 | • TH E NEGRO MIGRANT INPITTSBURGH. (Abraham Ep 1 stein) .50 § 1 GRANNY MAUMEE AND OTHER PLAYS FORA NEGRO THE ATRE. (Ridgely Torrence) 1.50 1 | HALF AMAN . (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 | 1 AFTERMATH OFSLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 | 1 M Y LIFE AND WORK. (Bishop Alexander Walters) ... . 1.50 1 1 FIFTY YEARS AND OTHER POEMS. (James Weldon • Johnson) 1.25 • | JOHN BROWN. (W. E . B. DuBois) 1.25 | 1 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W . Cromwell) 1.25 • 1 PRINCE HAL L AND HISFOLLOWERS. (George W . Craw| ford) 1.00 | | TH E HAITIAN REVOLUTION. (T. G. Steward) 1.25 | 1 NEGRO CULTURE IN WEST AFRICA. (George W . Ellis) . 2.00 | | TH ENEGRO. (W. E. B. Du Bois) .60 | 1 TH E EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO1861. (Carter G . Woodson) 2.00 | I FACTS OFRECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 | • LIFE AND LETTERS OFCOLERIDGE-TAYLOR. (W. C. Ber| wick-Sayers) 2.25 | 1 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 | 1 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H . E . Krehbiel) 2.00 | | OUT OF THE HOUSE OFBONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 | 1 BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (Emmett J . Scott and Ly -| | man Beecher Stowe) 2.00 | | Address, TH E CRISIS : : : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York | H[iii[[[ji;[[[jjii;ii]jj;[[i]j;iii]i.[ijJi;[[NJ[i[ii];[i[iiu[iiiHiiJ][ui::iiiii[iiN::[iii]:!iii;iiJij:[iii;;iiiii:ii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiH ^ Beauty for Women CLEAR, SMOOTH SKIN -PERFECT HAIR FREE FREE Famous Deluxe Beauty Book, illustrated and complete. Sent to you postpaid free of charge. Tells all about the Kashmir Way and describes the wonderful methods which hundreds of women are using to get A Kashmir Girl pretty skin and hair. You can do the same. 5 or 10 minutes a day caring for your skin and hair the Kashmir Way will bring wonderful results. You Won't Know Yourself in a few days. WRITE TODAY DON'T SEND ANY MONEY KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO., Dept. K Room 419, 312 So. Clark Street Chicago, Ill. Advertising l!l!tllllllllllll&lt;lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll!ltllllllllllllllllll)!lllll&lt;llllllllllllllll!llll!llllll!llll[llllllll There are twelve million Negroes in the United States. They spend a thousand million dollars every year. TH E CRISIS reaches more Negroes with intelligence and money than any other periodical in the world and is therefore a valuable medium for advertising. The patronage of recognized advertising agencies and of national advertisers will receive careful attention. Rates will be sent on application. Circulation -80,000