The New Freewoman , made Published the 1st and 15th of each month. THE NEW Freewoman AN INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW. No. 5 Vol. I. FRIDAY, AUGUST 15th, 1913. Sixpence. CONTENTS. Editor : DORA MARSDEN. B.A, Thinking and Thought. 8i Views and Comments. 83 The House of Commons. By F. R. A. I. 85 Imagisme. By Rebecca West 86 The Contemporania of Ezra Pound. 87 The Horses of Diomedes. (Ch. 1). Roses. (Ch. 2). Poplars. By Remy de Gourmont 88 Religion and Riches. By Godfrey Blount, B.A. 91 The Latest Freaks in Taxation. By Benj. R. Tucker 94 The Rape of the Drama. By Huntly Carter 94 The Claims of Women. By Clarence Lee Swartz 96 Correspondence 97 THINKING AND THOUGHT IT is strange to find searchers coming here seeking thoughts, followers after truth seeking new lamps for old, right ideas for wrong. It seems fruitless to affirm that our business is to annihilate thought, to shatter the new lamps no less than the old, to dissolve ideas, the "right" as well as the "wrong." "It is a new play of artistry, some new paradox," they reflect, not comprehending that artistry and paradox are left as the defences of power not yet strong enough to comprehend. If a man has the power that comprehends, what uses has he left for paradox? If he sees a thing as it is, why must he needs describe it in terms of that which it is not? Paradox is the refuge of the adventurous guesser: the shield of the oracle whose answer is not ready. Searchers should not bring their thoughts to us: we have no scruple in destroying their choicest, and giving them none in return. They would be well able to repair the depredations elsewhere however, for nowhere else, save here, are thoughts not held sacred and in honour. Everywhere, from all sides, they press in thick upon men, suffocating life. All is thought and no thinking. We do the thinking: the rest of the world spin thoughts. If from the operation of thinking one rises up only with thoughts, not only has the thinking-process gone wrong: it has not begun. To believe that it has is as though one should imagine the work of digesting food satisfactorily carried through when the mouth has been stuffed with sand. The process of thinking is meant to co-ordinate two things which are real: the person who thinks and the rest of the phenomenal world, the world of sense. Any part of the process which can be described in terms unrelated to these two—and only two—real parties in the process is redundant and pernicious, unnecessary by-product which it would be highly expedient to eliminate. Thoughts, the entire world of ideas and concepts are just these intruding and irrelevant excesses. Someone says, apropos of some change without a difference in the social sphere, " We are glad to note the triumph of progressive ideas." Another, " We rejoice in the fact that we are again returning to the ideas of honour and integrity of an earlier age." We say, leprosy or cholera for choice. Idea, idea, always the idea. As though the supremacy of the idea were not the subjection of men, slaves to the idea. Men need no ideas. They have no use for them (unless indeed they arc of the literary breed—then they live upon them by their power to beguile the simple). What men need is power of Being, strength in themselves: and intellect which in the thinking process goes out as a scout, comparing, collating, putting like by like, or nearly like, is but the good servant which the individual Being sends afield that he may the better protect, maintain and augment himself. Thinking, invaluable as it is in the service of Being, is, essentially, a very intermittent process. It works only between whiles. In the nadir and zenith of men's experience it plays no part, when they are stupid and when they are passionate. Descartes' maxim " Cogito ergo sum," carried the weight it did and does merely because the 82 THE NEW FREEWOMAN August 15th, 1913 longfelt influence of ideas had taken the virtue out of men's souls. Stronger men would have met it, not with an argument, but a laugh. It is philosophy turned turtle. The genesis of knowledge is not in thinking but in being. Thinking widens the limits of knowledge but the base of the latter is in feeling. " I know " because " I am." The first follows the second and not contrariwise. The base—and highest reaches—of knowledge lie not in spurious thoughts, fine-drawn, nor yet in the humble and faithful collecting of correspondences which is thinking, but in experienced emotion. What men may be, their heights and depths, they can divine only in experienced emotion. The vitally true things are all personally revealed, and they are true primarily only for the one to whom they are revealed. For the rest the revelation is hearsay. Each man is his own prophet. A man's " god " (a confusing term, since it has nothing to do with God, the Absolute—a mere thought) is the utmost emotional reach of himself: and is in common or rare use according to each individual nature. A neighbour's " god " is of little use to any man. It represents a wrong goal, a false direction. We are accused of " finesse-ing with terms." No accusation could be wider of the mark. We are analysing terms; we believe indeed, that the next work for the lovers of men is just this analysis of naming. It will go completely against the grain of civilisation, cut straight across culture: that is why the pseudo-logicians loathe logic—indeed, it will be a matter for surprise that one should have the temerity to name the word. So great a fear have the cultured of the probing of their claims that they are counselling the abandonment of this necessary instrument. They would prefer to retain inaccurate thinking which breeds thoughts, to accurate thinking which reveals facts and in its bright light annihilates the shadows bred of dimness, which are thoughts. Analysis of the process of naming; inquiry into the impudent word-trick which goes by the name of "abstraction of qualities; re-estimation of the form-value of the syllogism; challenging of the slipshod methods both of induction and deduction; the breaking down of closed system of " classification " into what they should be—graded descriptions; these things are more urgently needed than anything thinkable in the intellectual life of to-day. The settlement of the dispute of the nominalist and realist schoolmen of the Middle Ages in favour of the former rather than the latter would have been of infinitely greater value to the growth of men than the discoveries of Columbus, Galileo, and Kepler. It would have enabled them to shunt off into nothingness the mountain of culture which in the world of the West they have been assiduously piling up since the time of the gentle father of lies and deceits, Plato. It is very easy however to understand why the conceptualists triumphed, and still are triumphing, despite the ravages they have worked on every hand. The concept begets the idea, and every idea instals its concrete authority. All who wield authority, do it in the name of an idea: equality, justice, love, right, duty, humanity, God, the Church, the State. Small wonder therefore if those who sit in the seats of authority look askance at any tampering with names and ideas. It is a different matter from questioning the validity of one idea. Those, who, in the names of one idea do battle against the power of another, can rely upon some support. Indeed, changing new lamps for old is the favourite form of intellectual excitement inasmuch as while it is not too risky, is not a forlorn hope, it yet ranges combatants on opposing sides with all the zest of a fight. But to question all ideas is to leave authoritarians without any foothold whatsoever. Even opposing authorities will sink differences, and combine to crush an Ishmaelite who dares. Accordingly after three quarters of a thousand years, the nominalist position is where it was: nowhere, and all men are in thrall to ideas—culture. They are still searching for the Good, the Beautiful and the True. They are no nearer the realisation that the Good in the actual never is a general term, but always a specific, i.e. that which is " good for me " (or you, or anyone) varying with time and person, in kind and substance; that the Beautiful likewise is " beautiful for me " (or you or anyone) varying with time and person, in kind and substance, measured by a standard wholly subjective; that the True is just that which corresponds: in certainties, mere verified observation of fact; in doubt, opinion as to fact and no more, a mere " I think it so " in place of " I find it so." As specifics, they are real: as generalisations, they are thoughts, spurious entities, verbiage representing nothing, and as such are consequently in high repute. The work of purging language is likely to be a slow one even after the battle of argument in its favour shall have been won. It is observable that egoists for instance use " should," " ought," and " must " quite regularly in the sense which bears the implication of an existing underlying " Duty." Denying authority, they use the language of authority. If the greatest possible satisfaction of self (which is a pleasure) is the motive in life, with whose voice does " Duty " speak? Who or what for instance lays it down as a " Duty " that our actions must not be " invasive " of others? An effete god, presumably, whose power has deserted him, since most of us would be hard put to it to find action and attitudes which are not invasive. Seizing land—the avenue of life —is invasive: loving is invasive, and so is hating and most of the emotions. The emphasis accurately belongs on " defence " and not on " invasion" and defence is self-enjoined. No, Duty like the rest is a thought, powerless in itself, efficient only when men give it recognition for August 15th, 1913 THE NEW FREEWOMAN 83 what it is not and doff their own power in deference, to set at an advantage those who come armed with the authority of its name. And likewise with " Right." What is " right" is what I prefer and what you and the rest prefer. Where these " rights " overlap men fight it out; their power becomes umpire, their might is their right. Why keep mere words sacred? Since right is ever swallowed up in might why speak of right? Why seek to acquire rights when each right has to be matched by the might which first secures and then retains it? When men acquire the ability to make and co-ordinate accurate descriptions, that is, when they learn to think, the empire of mere words, " thoughts " will be broken, the sacred pedestals shattered, and the seats of authority cast down. The contests and achievements of owners of " powers " will remain. VIEWS AND COMMENTS. The following remarks are to be considered as pendant arguments to those contained in the article in our last issue, " The heart of the question." A contributor, Mr. Clarence Lee Swartz, raises the objection that the main cause lying at the base of prostitution—the apparently excessive sexual requirements of men as compared with those of women—is systematically ignored in discussions which pretend to deal with the question. He likewise, very courageously, raises the issue of the necessity of prostitution from this aspect of the matter, and points out that this has not been fairly considered and certainly not been disproved. So far, so good: when however the " undersexing " of women is implied as a fact, and for this, Christianity is cited as the cause, the argument goes, we think, much too rapidly for acquiescence. On the one hand, prostitution did not make its appearance with Christian morality, nor does it show any signs of diminution now that Christian morality is no longer established even in theory. On the other hand, while one school of theorisers is proclaiming women to be oversexed the assertion that the opposite is the case has to bring its proofs along with it. In the preceding article to which we have referred we showed at length that all forms of prostitution are the outcome of the lack of property, or primarily, the lack of the power which leads to the acquisition of property. Psychological effects inevitably follow upon this impoverished condition, and it is upon this condition, or so it seems to us, that the explanation of the phenomena of sex-prostitution rests, rather than upon the sway of Christianity or any other religion or cult. Externally, prostitution reveals two factors: lust in men (lust is a good crisp word for the use of which there is no need of apology), and a hapless condition among women which makes them surrender themselves as victims to it. This is the accepted picturesque description, a mixture of sinfulness (not altogether uninteresting, be it confessed) and pathos, and to it must be accounted all the excitement and veiled pleasure with which the subject is ordinarily tackled. For the lust, men are held primarily responsible, and the chaste minds of women are held up as pleasing contrasts. It is this view of the matter which makes prostitution in the eyes of many men (and some women) seem inevitable, and which gives to women all the satisfaction of virtue realised when they attack it. During the agitation for the Criminal Law Amendment Act, women and womenlike men have wallowed in righteousness. There has been an orgy of virtuous feeling, highly pleasurable no doubt to all those who shared in it. Vet it was over-hasty, for of the few things of female manufacture in a man-made world, foremost stands this affair of masculine lust. It is women who evoke it, fan it to flame, feed it to keep at fever-heat. They must, since they live, not indeed on it, but by it. It is their mode of eking out an existence, the market they live by. Merchants do not as eagerly await the coming of the cotton laden ships which keep these spindles busy, as women watch for the rising of desire. The dismay when it is reluctant to quicken is as sincere as profound. Such a phenomenon will cause to foregather the wise among women, and give to their specifics the respect due to mothers in Israel. The foolish hasten to become wise by instruction. Have they been forward, they will make themselves rare and remote. Have they been obvious, they will seek to become a mystery; they will go veiled, and draped and bonneted. Always however there will be the frill which flutters " Come and find me." To be provocative, they learn that nudity is inferior to clothing. To the womanly women the whole philosophy of dress is just—provocativeness. The frill is not fluttered by men even the most lustful, it will be observed. The essential feature of lust is that it is not an expression of a need of the soul. It is merely desire called into consciousness by external stimuli. It is this feature which differentiates it from love, which has birth in the requirements of the personality itself. This explains why, where lust is profligate, love gathers and garners. Lust is answering the wants of a power external to itself, squandering itself: love explores abroad to feed its own. This explains too what has so often appeared paradoxical, the fact that passion is inhibitive: "chaste," if we can use the word, in proportion to its strength. For the cause of lust (and cure if considered necessary) attention must be turned upon those who supply the stimulus: and these are women. Externally, they appear to be the victims: in reality they are causing the onslaught They effect a continuous attack; their relation to their victims is comparable to that of a magnet to a heap of iron filings. Men succumb, against their will, and usually against their inclination. They are the victims of an art, the most perfected in the world; so perfect that it has become instinct. For we have not in mind the obvious devices of those who frankly pursue seduction as a trade: we are referring to the far greater artist, the " womanly woman," her of the modest air, the veil and the poke bonnet, the gentle still " mystery " which is the masterpiece: the one who "waits to be asked" but waits on such a wise that she must be asked. That still manner suggesting immobility in life, suggests too the promise that it will bear examination: that it has a mystery to reveal which can be explored; and withal life enough to retain interest. But no more; no jarring impetuosities, no selfwilled determinations: it is the desired of artist, 84 THE NEW FREEWOMAN August 15th, 1913 scientist and plain man alike—still life, still enough to be known and yet alive. This is the kind of woman who through all the romantic ages has lured men on; her lure was the suggestion that in her, with the essence of life so quiet that it appeared seizable, would be revealed the genius of life. The passive woman is the subtlest seducer; she, at one and the same time, appears to offer more, and yet offers less than the great run of women, including herself, can. She suggests a mystery, and it is a fraud; she has nothing mysterious to reveal: she suggests too the impossible phenomenon—passive life. She herself having genius of a sort, escapes the results of her work, of propagating a belief that the meaning of life can be revealed objectively. The extraordinary fascination which has attached itself to the human female form can only be explained by the tactics of the passive woman, the womanly woman. The preoccupation with the mere form of women (which is the basis of lust) is confined to men, and the fault—if it be such—is women's. Women are not preoccupied with the male form in any appreciable degree at all; the reason is that men ordinarily have sufficient mind to prevent attention wandering from themselves to their physical forms; and women have not. It is quite the hardest thing that could be said of women, the harshest comparison that could be made; but it unhappily cannot be denied. The mindlessness of women recoils upon them at every turn: had they had more mind, they would not have sunk to the condition of property-lessness: had they had mind, even being propertyless, they would not have sunk to the level where it became possible to treat them as mere bodies. Had they had mind, they would not have been content to live by rousing emotions which in the long run visit their distressing evils upon themselves. These facts of the situation being kept in view, it seems that the question of the cessation of prostitution is scarcely one for men to answer, but rather for those who are the cause of it—women. It is therefore to be noted that women are more hopeful in the matter than are men. During the last fifty years—to go no further—the awakening of mind in women, the consciousness of personality, and the realisation of the motives behind attitudes and maxims has become a tremendous fact. That it is so is more obvious to women than to men by reason of the necessity with which they are faced of having to refuse the ready-made mental clothing which communities offer to successive generations in the shape of traditions, conventions and codes. The area of its extent is small or great according to the standpoint from which it is viewed. If from the one which it has yet to cover, it is small; if from what progress it has already made, it is vast. And the cessation of prostitution must—and can only—proceed step by step with the growth of mind in women. Consciousness of mind makes such treatment as is accorded to mere body impossible, and it is just such treatment which constitute the phenomena of prostitution. Women as commodities, as " appendages of the uterus," as live-fiesh-food, are possible only when such phenomena exist. They can be bought, exhibited, experimented with, only when what they are, is fairly well limited to the possession of such powers as are tractable to such treatment. Mind cannot be denuded, exhibited, " trained " to expose itself. The reserves of personality are denser than clothing: they are impenetrable. We have heard a good deal latterly, too much indeed, of the iniquities of exhibitions of young women, nudities and what not. Mr. Laurence Housman and his friends would we think be well advised if they let the subject drop. The naughtinesses of the nude are as virtues compared with the naughtinesses of the clothed, of the implied "mysteries." Divested of their " wrongness," their furtiveness, and secrecy, the melo-dramatic situations throw off their lurid Mephistophelian character and are revealed for what they are, a silly sort of amusement. The melodramatic qualities with which the situation is invested by morality—to which by the way its existence is a necessity, as in a coin reverse is to obverse—invest it with just that sense of importance as involving moral destiny which enable it to keep up its attractions. A sense of humour would shrivel the situation up and desolate it as the morning light tawdries the scene of a revel. It is the sense of sin which gives it the glow, the warm light and seductive shadows. Remove the moralists from the scene, imagine women with minds and there is precious little left for prostitution to maintain itself upon... The presence of mind in women reacts upon the situation in manifold ways. To be conscious of one's self as a person eliminates to a large extent the consciousness of one-self as a mere body. Attention shifts from oneself to that of others; consequently, it fails to be concerned with the little tricks of dress and attitude whose purpose is to focus attention objectively upon bodily features. In short a woman with a mind is not intent upon rousing physical passion in connection with herself. She is amusing herself differently, and by so doing she is failing to exert the ordinary sex stimulus. She gives men a chance to escape by that avenue at least. Lust is permitted to sleep. In the second place, should it not be so, she is not tractable to its satisfaction, any more than men of sensibility could be turned into toys, and treated as things. But more than any other difference which mind effects is in the fact that it changes women from " negative " to " positive." A great deal of pseudo-scientific nonsense has been uttered upon this question of " positive " and " negative." It has been held to be a biological difference inhering in the different genders of the human male and female, the embodiment of some great mysterious underlying law. As a matter of fact, it admits of the homeliest explanation, and the supposed difference vanishes like smoke with the intensification of conscious personality in women. The " negative " characteristic of women was nothing more than a willingness to be effaced: to forego her preferences in order to have others dictated to her: to be amiable, tractable, useful. Her " negativeness " was just her wantlessness, her lack of individual preferences, and personality is exactly the consciousness of individual preference. This explains the heartburnings which the insurgence of women is causing, despite its many obvious advantages. It is necessitating a vast, almost illimitable displacement. When the main thing for women is not what men want but what they want, the ultimatum is issued, the glove is thrown down, the fat is in the fire. Men do not like it; it annoys them, not merely for their own sake but for women's also; it is unwomanly; they are ashamed for them. Men's instinctive attitude towards the positive characteristic in women has had a unique chance of displaying itself over the recently published letters of Charlotte Brontë. The commentators have been chiefly men, and the tenour of their comments has been a mixture of quite sincere pity, considerable embarrassment, and a slight shame, the expression being duly moderated, the person being dead. The editor of the " Spectator " feels it is "very painful." That champion of the poor, who originated the spirited retort to the canting philanthropists, " Poo-ah Poo-ah," speaks of her as " this poor soul " (poo-ah also, one may assume). All rejoice to be assured that the thing " went no further," that it had " no sin it." It is a pitiful sight, this complete " domesticising " of the judgment of men, this combined prudery and timidity. The offensive part of their conventional " vices " is that they are hypocritical and furtive. Their fear of scandal, of what " they say," the intrusion of their August 15th, 1913 THE NEW FREEWOMAN moral warp between the thing done and their description of it, is a painful spectacle. Since men in spite of their " morals " give way so often to their emotions, it is expected they should have the courage of them, and what they have to say in the presence of a perfectly obvious and recognisable emotion in a woman is indeed a revelation. It explains why silly things have become " bad " things with them. It is quite plain that Charlotte Brontë was " in love with " the person addressed in the letters. What she wanted of him was as much as she could get; though probably what she would have accepted was as much as her moral code allowed. There is no certainty however, since being a person of quality, her requirements would probably have assumed a more imperious content than her views. Her wants were of herself; her views would probably have assumed their true character, fancies capable of being dissolved. And certainly in unconventionality for her day, she travelled very far. " I will not submit "— to a wresting away of friendship—the tone of a person of quality with wants more important than another's preferences! It is the positive nature of such wants, the demand for satisfaction which men do not like. To want satisfaction and demand it, is their prerogative. A woman should sit motionless until wanted. " This poor soul." There have been male lovers in plenty who have loved in vain, without eliciting "this poor soul." Rather, they have been admired for their definiteness and pertinacity. True, Charlotte Brontë's womanliness got the better of her. Had she been a man, unanswered letters would not have terminated the matter. A learned elderly bespectacled school-mistress would have been compelled to give something other than silence to an ardent young author with all the promptings of realisable power within him. One is led to wonder indeed why Charlotte did not, having gone thus far, seek to settle her doubts in person. For there are no limits to invasive attempts in the emotions. One goes as far as one can. Limits are the concern of the other party. It is of small purpose to speculate upon the attitude of Monsieur Heger, whose name is preserved to the world, like a fly in amber, only in the stuff of a woman's genius. Probably he was attracted to her as a pupil, but was so taken aback by the intensity of the response that he thought it discreet to retire. Probably it was only a passing incident, not worth wasting good money over, and school revenues soon go down when masters are not the white soul of discretion with their pupils. And tongues readily wag. Still there must have been in this pedagogue a very heart-whole fear of their venom to have held out so resolutely against cries of obvious pain. A cry of pain in an animal, a whimper from a dog, even the writhing of an insect, evidences of pain in any shape or form, we make some effort to mitigate, or end. M. Heger must indeed have been fortified by a virtue and discretion almost heroic to have maintained a position at once so pure and so correct. At this late day, it strikes observers as curious that letters too insignificant to merit answer at the time they were written, waste paper whereon to note a cobbler's address and suchlike domestic concerns, should have been preserved for three quarters of a century. One would have imagined that these evidences of anguish to one who found himself unable to do anything to alleviate them, would have been objects to be removed from sight and as far as might be from memory. Apparently a little vanity is not incompatible with a quite complete virtue. Instructive are the workings of the minds of the respected and righteous. BOOKS on all subjects, Secondhand, at Half-Prices. New, 25 per cent. Discount. Catalogue 761 free. State Wants, Books Bought. — FOYLE, 121, Charing Cross Road, London. The Eclipse of Woman. V.—THE HOUSE OF COMMONS. IT may seem strange that the political emancipation of women should find opponents among distinguished women, and that among those who have been unwilling to give women a Parliamentary vote was the woman in whose name every Act of Parliament was passed for sixty-three years. For the explanation of this apparent anomaly we must go to the most loathsome rites of the most degraded savages. I do not mean, of course, to suggest that the attitude of these ladies was adopted as the result of a scientific study of the puberty institutions of the Australian Blackfellows and the natives of Tierra del Fuego. We may attribute it to instinct rather than reason. But instinct is fossil reason; and we shall find a logical basis for the opposition to Women's Suffrage in the social habits of most peoples who are at the bottom of the ladder of culture. I need scarcely point out that the demand for the vote is in substance a demand for admission to the House of Commons. Man is not a reasoning being, and therefore he is quite capable of granting the suffrage while withholding the privilege of election. But the principle at stake is clear. Parliament is in theory an assemblage of all the adult freemen of the community. Every subject is presumed to be present in Parliament, so the constitutional lawyers tell us— they mean every male subject—the great tenants of the Crown in person (in the House of Lords) and the rest by their representatives. The London citizens were actually admitted without distinction to the Saxon Witanagemot. It is, so to speak, an accidental detail, due to the growth of population, that the House of Commons is now composed of représentative delegates. In principle it is still the Men's House. Under that name we find it existing among the degraded nations of Australia, the cannibals of New Guinea, the bloodthirsty head-hunters of Borneo, and the filthy and superstitious Eskimos. And the resemblances between this savage institution in what may be called its primitive and normal stage, and the modified form in which it survives among ourselves, are as instructive as the differences. "The men's house," writes Professor H. Webster, of Nebraska, in the first chapter of his " Primitive Secret Societies," " is usually the largest building in a tribal settlement. It belongs in common to the villagers "—by villagers he means male villagers— " it serves as a council-chamber and town hall, as a guest-house for strangers, and as the sleeping resort of the men. Frequently seats in the house are assigned to elders and other leading individuals, according to their dignity and importance." This last feature strikes a familiar note indeed. We see the rudimentary Treasury Bench, adorned with the savage ancestors of our own " dignified and important " statesmen, with their meaner tribesmen ranged respectfully in the rear, exactly as in the assembly which legislates for us. Professor Webster does not attempt to explain the origin of this institution, though he appears to think it stands for the principle of the segregation of the sexes at the age of puberty. The reader of these Notes will be prepared to see in it a natural stage in the revolt of the males against the dominion of the queens, and such a view is entirely borne out by the evidence collected in Professor Webster's exhaustive treatise. We may regard it, in short, as a modification of the custom by which the males were expelled from the primitive community, and driven to seek homes elsewhere in the servile character of husbands. The first Men's House was probably no more than a camp of refuge, in which the exiles united for mutual support and defence; and this defensive character is still visible in all the existing cases in which the institution is found surviving. The Ladies' Grille at Westminster is a faithful imitation of the 86 THE NEW FREE WOMAN August 15th, 1913 gate of the chancel in our churches, and of the more spiritual defences, in the form of bull-roarers and hideous masks, by which the Negro lodge is protected from feminine intrusion. It is in the same spirit that the Free Masons guard their mysterious rites from " cowans and earsdroppers "—the word cowan being apparently an archaic form of queen (Anglo-Saxon Auen). The institution is therefore by its very origin a masculine one, just as monarchy is by its origin a feminine one; and hence it is quite logical on the part of those who have no objection to a female sovereign to oppose the admission of women to the Men's House. To be perfectly consistent, perhaps, they should restrict the throne to females. But the taboo which restricts the House of Commons to males rests on other and stronger grounds than archaeological ones. It is bound up with the question of intercourse between the sexes. The statement that the Men's House serves as the sleeping quarters of the males must be qualified, inasmuch as it is chiefly during the years between puberty and marriage that it is so used. As in an English barracks, the married men of the tribe generally live with their wives, and merely resort to the House in the daytime as a club and council-room. Thus many observers have described the savage House of Commons as " the bachelors' camp " or " bachelors' club-house." (See Parkinson's account of the Alol of a New Guinea tribe in Intern. Archiv. f. Ethnogr., XIII (1900), 33-35.) Viewed in that light, it may be a true, if slightly far-fetched, instinct of modesty that inspires the opposition to the modern feminist demand. It would be mere levity to refer to such facts as that all-night sittings are a feature of the British House, and that on a recent occasion a Cabinet Minister came into the division lobby in pyjamas. It is quite as incredible that apprehensions of actual breaches of modesty have influenced the opponents of the Suffrage, as that unbecoming anticipations can have influenced its supporters. The opposition is doubtless due to the same feeling that underlies the segregation of females in Hindu and Muhammadan civilisation. It is at the age of puberty that the Australian or Red Indian boy is received into the Men's House, and it would appear that the age of admission to the House of Commons was till lately fixed by common law at the same natural stage. The poet Waller entered the House before he was twenty. Another feature which identifies the modern with the primitive institution is the oath administered on admission. Among most peoples this takes the form of a deeply painful and degrading ordeal, in which the youthful savage is tested and tortured, as in our public schools and in the regiments of the Household Brigade. It would be only unpleasant to reproduce the details given in learned works like Spencer and Gillen's " Native Tribes of Central Australia," but some idea of their character may be gathered from the surviving custom among the Free Masons of requiring the candidate to divest himself of a portion of his clothing. Here again we have the parallel usage by which strangers were required to withdraw from the House of Commons if any member "spied" them. The rites in question partake of a double character in the primitive Men's House, the object being not only to impress the new member with sentiments of loyalty to the masculine guild, but also to instruct him in the sexual taboos, and other duties of a clansman. This part of the initiation has passed in more civilised societies into the hands of an organised priesthood, and the coarse ritual of the Australian aborigine has been replaced in this country by the decent and decorous ceremony of Confirmation. In any case it would be fanciful to see in the opposition to the Suffrage any element directly due to such associations. Nevertheless, and however free from objection the present procedure of Parliament may be, it is impossible not to see that its whole atmosphere is so far affected by its savage origin as to explain, if not to justify, the opposition to the admission of the other sex. In the rare cases in which women have been admitted to the Men's Houses among more backward races, the result has been such as to justify the worst apprehensions. The good Father Le Gobien remarks of these institutions on the Marianne Islands,—" Le Demon a établi icy des Séminaires de débauche." Freycinet tells us that in Guani the members had a mysterious language, which was used principally for amorous songs. He adds that the girls who entered these " maisons des célibataires " suffered no disgrace; parents would even urge their children to enter them. (Voyage autour du Monde, II. 369-370.) I repeat that no apprehension of such horrors is responsible, so far as I can judge, for the resistance to the Suffrage movement. The question is one of sentiment, a sentiment inherited from the primeval past, in the form of instinct. The House of Commons is in essence a guild of males organised to defend themselves from the natural sovereignty of the female sex. It has, without doubt, trespassed by usurping the power to legislate for the females. Perhaps the true remedy, and the most practicable one in the end, would be the addition to the British Constitution of a Women's House, sitting alongside of the Men's House, and exercising a veto on its mischievous activity. F. R. A. I. Imagisme. POETRY should be burned to the bone by austere fires and washed white with rains of affliction: the poet should love nakedness and the thought of the skeleton under the flesh. But because the public will not pay for poetry it has become the occupation of learned persons, given to soft living among veiled things and unaccustomed to being sacked for talking too much. That is why from the beautiful stark bride of Blake it has become the idle hussy hung with ornament kept by Lord Tennyson, handed on to Stephen Phillips and now supported at Devonshire Street by the Georgian school. But there has arisen a little band who desire the poet to be as disciplined and efficient at his job as the stevedore. Just as Taylor and Gilbreth want to introduce scientific management into industry so the imagistes want to discover the most puissant way of whirling the scattered star dust of words into a new star of passion. The only clear account of their creed has appeared in " Poetry " (the American monthly), in which Mr. F. S. Flint writes: "Some curiosity has been aroused concerning Imagisme and as I was unable to find anything definite about it in print, 1 sought out an imagiste, with intent to discover whether the group itself knew anything about the "movement," I gleaned these facts. "The imagistes admitted that they were contemporaries of the Post Impressionists and the Futurists; but they had nothing in common with these schools. They had not published a manifesto. They were not a revolutionary school; their only endeavour was to write in accordance with the best tradition, as they found it in the best writers of all time—In Sappho, Catullus, Villon. They seemed to be absolutely intolerant of all poetry that was not written in such endeavour, ignorance of the best tradition forming no excuse. They had a few rules, drawn up for their own satisfaction only, and they had not published them. They were : 1. Direct treatment of the 'Thing,' whether subjective or objective. 2. To use absolutely no word that did not contribute to the presentation. August 15th, 1913 THE NEW FREEWOMAN 87 3. As regarding rhythm: to compose in sequence of the musical phrase, not in sequence of a metronome. By these standards they judged all poetry and found most of it wanting... ." This note was followed by "A few don'ts by an Imagiste" by Mr. Ezra Pound, from which we take the following passages: "An Image is that which presents an intellectual and emotional complex in an instant of time. I use the term 'complex' rather in the technical sense employed by the newer psychologists, such as Hart, though we might not agree absolutely in our application. "It is the presentation of such a 'complex' instantaneously which gives that sense of sudden liberation; that sense of freedom from time limits and space limits: that sense of sudden growth, which we experience in the presence of the greatest works of art... . "It is better to present one Image in a life-time than to produce voluminous works. "Use no superfluous word, no adjective, which does not reveal something. "Don't use such an expression as 'dun lands of peace.' It dulls the Image. It mixes an abstraction with the concrete. It comes from the writer's not realising that the natural object is always the adequate symbol. "Go in fear of abstractions. Don't retell in mediocre verse what has already been done in good prose. Don't think any intelligent person is going to be deceived when you try to shirk all the difficulties of the unspeakably difficult art of good prose by chopping your composition into line lengths. "Don't imagine that the art of poetry is any simpler than the art of music or that you can please the expert before you have spent at least as much effort on the art of verse as the average piano teacher spends on the art of music. "Use either no ornament or good ornament. "Don't chop your stuff into separate iambs. Don't make each line stop dead at the end and then begin every next line with a heave. Let the beginning of the next line catch the rise of the rhythm wave, unless you want a definite longish pause. "In short behave as a musician, a good musician when dealing with that phase of your art which has exact parallels in music. The same laws govern and you are bound by no others. "The first three simple proscriptions" (given by Mr. Flint) "will throw out nine-tenths of all the bad poetry now accepted as standard and classic; and will prevent you from many a crime of production.. ." The following are poems written by Mr. Ezra Pound since he became an imagiste. Rebecca West. The Contemporania of Ezra Pound. Tenzone. Will people accept them? (i.e. these songs). As a timorous wench from a centaur (or a centurian), Already they flee, howling in terror. Will they be touched with the truth? Their virgin stupidity is untemptable. I beg you, my friendly critics, Do not set about to procure me an audience. I mate with my free kind upon the crags; the hidden recesses Have heard the echo of my heels, in the cool light, in the darkness. the garret. Come let us pity those who are better off than we are. Come, my friend, and remember that the rich have butlers and no friends, And we have friends and no butlers. Come let us pity the married and the unmarried. Dawn enters with little feet like a gilded Pavlova, And I am near my desire. Nor has life in it aught better Than this hour of clear coolness, the hour of waking together. the garden. En robe de parade.—Samain. Like a skein of loose silk blown against a wall She walks by the railing of a path in Kensington Gardens, And she is dying piece-meal of a sort of emotional anaemia. And round about there is a rabble Of the filthy, sturdy, unkillable infants of the very poor. They shall inherit the earth. In her is the end of breeding, Her boredom is exquisite and excessive. She would like some one to speak to her, And is almost afraid that I will commit that indiscretion. DANCE FIGURE. For the marriage in Cana of Galilee. Dark eyed, O woman of my dreams, Ivory sandaled, There is none like thee among the dancers, None with swift feet. I have not found thee in the tents, In the broken darkness. I have not found thee at the well-head Among the women with pitchers. Thine arms are as a young sapling under the bark; Thy face as a river with lights. White as an almond are thy shoulders; As new almonds stripped from the husk. They guard thee not with eunuchs; Not with bars of copper. Gilt turquoise and silver are in the place of thy rest. A brown robe, with threads of gold woven in patterns, hast thou gathered about thee, O Nathat-Ikanaie, " Tree-at-the-river." As a rillet among the sedge are thy hands upon me; Thy fingers a frosted stream. Thy maidens are white like pebbles; Their music about thee ! There is none like thee among the dancers; None with swift feet. SALUTATION. O generation of the thoroughly smug and thoroughly uncomfortable, I have seen the fishermen picnicking in the sun, I have seen them with untidy families, I have seen their smiles full of teeth And heard ungainly laughter. 88 THE NEW FREEWOMAN August 15th, 1913 And I am happier than you are, And they were happier than I am; And the fish swim in the lake and do not even own clothing. SALUTATION THE SECOND. You were praised, my books, because I had just come from the country ; I was twenty years behind the times so you found an audience ready. I do not disown you, do not you disown your progeny. Here they stand without quaint devices, Here they are with nothing archaic about them. Watch the reporters spit, Watch the anger of the professors, Watch how the pretty ladies revile them: "Is this," they say, "the nonsense that we expect of poets?" "Where is the Picturesque?" "Where is the vertigo of emotion?" "No! his first work was the best." "Poor Dear! he has lost his illusions." Go, little naked and impudent songs, Go with a light foot ! (Or with two light feet, if it please you!) Go and dance shamelessly! Go with an impertinent frolic ! Greet the grave and the stodgy, Salute them with your thumbs at your noses. Here are your bells and confetti. Go! rejuvenate things! Rejuvenate even "The Spectator." Go! and make cat calls! Dance and make people blush, Dance the dance of the phallus and tell anecdotes of Cybele! Speak of the indecorous conduct of the Gods ! (Tell it to Mr. Strachey.) Ruffle the skirts of prudes, speak of their knees and ankles. But, above all, go to practical people— go! jangle their door-bells! Say that you do no work and that you will live forever. in a station of the metro. The apparition of these faces in the crowd Petals on a wet, black bough. "The Horses of Diomedes." (Translated by C. Satroris.) I.—ROSES. "The ideal fragrance of roses which will never be gathered." THIS hermit's hut with its thatched and perhaps reeded roof, with its wattle door and its mud walls and the death's head in a corner and the pitcher! Ah, but the joy of being alone, and the silence, and to have crushed desire under one's naked loot! There were times when one rushed to the desert. Returning, after having chastened a few unmanageable Slavs, the surprised soldiers would meet a pilgrim going to kneel in the solitude of newly made devastation, and to plant the rampart of a wooden cross between Rome and the barbarian! The one would start, still intoxicated with the fragrance of a rose too passionately inhaled, and when night came would throw himself on a heap of dead leaves; the other, haunted and troubled by the acrid perfume of deceased philosophies, would fashion his last sandals out of the ' Enneades ' scroll and would for ever close his heart and eyes to intellectual luxuries; again the other, who had been cruel, would before fleeing, kiss the hand of his tortured slaves. All scourged themselves according to their sin, but they had sinned first in loving life too well and they were now destined to cherish only phantoms and to smile only on the invisible. Those were Christians. Paganism also had its hermits whose proud minds isolated them from the rest of mankind, magnificent egoists tired at last of sharing vulgarised pleasures with the ordinary, fragile sensitives, wounded three times a day by the rude touch of uncouth bestiality; contemptuous who, weary even of their contempt for human mediocrity, would essay to worship the trees and perhaps, following the commandment of Pythagoras, to adore the sacred whisperings of the tempests. And all would away, parched with the same thirst, urged toward the same fountain-head, the fountain which springs forth but in the cells or amidst the rocks under the powerful spell of solitude, and, having denied social contingencies, they would drain the divine. To be a man, that is to say a participant of the infinite, one must abjure all fraternal conformities and wish oneself special, unique, absolute. Those alone will be saved who save themselves from amidst the multitude." . At this point in his meditation, Diomedes was interrupted by the chime striking the hour of one. Christine would arrive. Ever since he had cut himself off from pleasure that had turned to nothing, annihilating himself, almost, remaining prostrate by the side of the road, he had wished to divert himself with the smile of passers-by. This one was frail, mute and luminous. She would enter like a glance, as if gliding through the chink of the door and would move with no more noise than was made by her moving grace in the mirror. Neither love, nor slight disrobings—whether by his hand or by his look, nor his apparent kisses upon her throat, nor the ambiguous prayers—no— nothing of these reassured and nothing troubled the clearness of her wondering eyes, eyes like those which hailed the angelic visitation, but without faith, and passive. Each time she came, Diomedes heard inwardly this old-time verse of which nothing in Christine justified the evocation, except perhaps a remote air of a victim. "The sobs mingled with the cries of dying hosts." Silence and sudden night were the adorable witnesses to the sacrifice. She was a very comely young woman of wholly christian chasteness, but curiously attired and suddenly half-nude. Her beauty was candid and quiet, monachal, and aristocratic. Diomedes dreamt her to be one of those noble women who timorously, but without blushing, would extend a rope ladder to their lover over the wall of the cloister. Stories nearly all of them tragical and so rarely gallant. Her rule, in the old days, would have been to love without a word, to pursue her love in defiance of the world and to give account of the use she made of her life to God alone. Moreover she was candid and happy in the depth of her heart, August 15th, 1913 THE NEW FREEWOMAN 89 although of a happiness of which no one, and especially her lovers, would be confidant. Her fidelities lasted several months, one whole season, summer loves, winter loves; then Diomedes would not see her perhaps for more than a year, for she had revolutions like the stars and omissions like the comets. Without doubt her golden hair, to eyes that wept for her, had but once appeared in the heavens. Christine would arrive, enter like a glance through the chink of the door. She did not come. Diomedes was grieved. Other hours passed. Numbed by the torture of waiting, he had little by little taken up his meditation. Disappointed and dejected, he soon found himself irritated with the want of perspicacity of his desire and once again, envious of the state of wisdom of those who have abolished in their soul all worldly lust, so that they would have been able to inhale, in silence, the beauty of the chaste Christine. He reopened at the forsaken page the second volume of the Lives of the Hermits of the Occident and carefully unfolded the plan of the Monastery and of the desert of the monks of the Order of Saint Benedict. This extinct order by the mere fact of its non-existence fascinated him especially. Thus it came to pass, said the book, " within a precipitous and cragged mountain, difficult of access; one descends as through a precipice towards a vale where was built the Monastery of Saint Benedict; from this Monastery each day all that is necessary is sent to the Hermits. Between the Monastery in the Valley and the Hermitage at the top of the mountain there are five quarters of an hour's walk and one meets on the road quantities of green trees and several torrents which one must pass over. This mountain is all covered with a dark wood of large pines which give out the most excellent odour, and as these trees always retain their leaves and their greenness, they form in the midst of the forest a shaded haven and the most beautiful retreat in the world, continuously irrigated by seven fountains with pure and clear waters, the effect is very agreeable... ." He shut his eyes a moment, awaiting the presence of his friend; then he read over this verdant page. " Very agreeable... Truly, very agreeable," and Diomedes thought dreamily that by well-chosen readings, and by slow meditation upon them, one might re-create one's life with an almost wanton facility. "The man of action is but a digger; the meanest narrator stirs up more life than a conqueror, and moreover if speech is not everything nothing exists without speech; it is at once the leaven, the salt, and the form. Speech is perhaps to the human gesture what the sun is to the earth, the exterior principle of formal disparity, the absolute condition of vital movement. A very few only, and without gain or joy to themselves, can transform directly the acts of others into their own personal thoughts; the multitude of men thinks but thoughts already emitted, feels but feelings already used up and but sensations as faded as old gloves. When a new word reaches its destination, it arrives like those postcards which have gone around the world and on which the handwriting is dying, obliterated under blots and stains, but, enigma or untruth, it is nevertheless the great creator, perhaps of everything, and a pleasant creator, indeed very pleasant, on days when one waits for a Christine at the hour when desire, having vanished, leaves you with an open wound in your heart. Without doubt the Benedictins were poor people with insipid, weary, and dull souls. To be one of them, what loathing! But to read their tales or histories gives me an hour's peace—and I dream with delight of the contempt which the intellectual crowd and the sentimental herd have for such candid pleasures. He resumed : " This exceeds somewhat my present thought.. ." He was at that moment thinking of Pascase so gentle and sensitive, without his nervous brutality, and by whom he felt himself loved with a proud timidity. " Perhaps will he pass? I will make signs to him?" Pascase went out at all moments, and returned as quickly. A strange muscular agitation gave him the demeanour of a restless dog of whom it is impossible to know whether he seeks a female, a bone, or nothing. He walked with his eyes uplifted, and Diomedes had but to knock lightly on the pane. — "I did not dare," said Pascase. " Yesterday you told me, your dear Christine. ." — Christine is not dear to me, answered Diomedes, she is agreeable to me. As words have not for both of us an identical meaning, I must be precise in using your language. Christine is agreeable to me by her form, her grace, her discretion, her pallor and that is all. Moreover she did not come. -— And it is the same to you? — Now, yes. An hour ago I suffered from it. I suffered through my own fault. I alone can make myself suffer. I stab myself. Other knives have no affinity with my flesh. Christine comes or does not come. She did not come: at this instant it is as if she had left. Perhaps I had not desired her presence ardently enough? There are days when souls revolve as aimlessly as an ailing compass, they cannot get in touch and our desires, even our mutual desires, they burst in mid-air and vanish as small rockets—rather foolishly. Pascase was still thinking of the words " gone or not come "; he said : — It is not the same thing. — What? Desires and rockets? — What rockets? Diomedes, how difficult it is to follow your thought! I said: Gone or not come is very different. It is yes and no. — Pascase, my dear friend, when yes and no are said in the past their meaning is equally void, they are lost in nothingness. — But having come, you would now still have on your hands, eyes and lips the sensation of a real remembrance, of an evident joy. The scent of roses lives where roses have flowered. — You are pleased with your phrase. It is charming. — I say what I think. Diomedes did not answer. He could not without wounding him, explain to a friend of Pascase's character his plausible habits of language. Smiling he resumed : — Why do you believe in the existence of Christine? Have you seen her? — Never. And I would not wish to see her. She frightens me. If I saw her I would love her. Do not let me see her ever, ever !.. . He had risen, excited, hustling the carpets, tearing with mad fingers at a fan which lay on a table. — She did come! Here is her fan. I recognize it. It smells of the fragrance which must be hers, the fragrance of roses, the ideal fragrance of roses which will never be gathered. Would I be afraid if I did not feel her to be alive and tempting? This room is filled with her, I did wrong in coming here. If I loved her I would contain myself no longer. She would hold me, she would cling to me, she would suffocate me in her arms fragrant with the scent of dying roses. ... I am afraid. I fear her. He was silent, having taken refuge in a corner, shamefaced, leaning over one of the pictures, butterflies nailed to the wall. Then Diomedes, whom such outbursts could neither surprise nor move, insinuated softly : — Pascase, tender and brave heart, why not have a mistress, a real mistress? I have several. — What, you deceive her? Her! 90 THE NEW FREEWOMAN August 15th, 1913 — We do not quite understand each other, resumed Diomedes, smiling in friendly manner, and the fault rests I think, with your somewhat old-fashioned vocabulary. Women, flowers on hedges, belong to those who gather them. Let them, women, better endowed than briar-roses, wave the warning of their thorns if they do not wish to be plucked. Before giving themselves they are free, and having given themselves they are still free. I have Christine: take her, but how will you? Besides which you fear her. Let us leave dreams. I have Fanette, a thoughtless child, fair-haired and refined, whom I love for the freshness of her soul, but Fanette has innumerable lovers. Where would she learn love? One learns love! Will you have Fanette? She is gentle, she will fascinate you. I have Mauve: but Mauve has tasted at many clusters of grapes. Her vine is a forest of vine-plants with viridescent foliage, with fruits of all flavours; sweet or tart, the bird plunders and drinks, its beak uplifted to heaven in such exquisite ecstasy. Love her, love the amusing Mauve, she is russet as a chestnut. No? Not? Take Cyrène, illustrious woman whom Cyran adored. Since then, he has had his soul anointed, according to the rites, with the most powerful penitential oils, but Cyrène is ready for virtue, they will love each other again perhaps, through ennui, pity, exhaustion. I do not know what to suggest to you, I am very fond of Cyran. It would merely please me to thwart destinies and with a word to wipe out writings which the senile hands of celebrated planets formulate in the astrological heavens.....Cyrène is so many things; first of all a weeping willow, and the most hospitable; one sits under it in a ring, and one picnics. Sensitive heart of a tainted sentimentalist! She was so truly made not to write and to be the veiled bountiful lady who steps from her carriage in the midst of the slums, throws a purse to the poor widow and disappears in a cloud of love, the bountiful lady who is generous because her loins are satisfied. I have never found the slightest logic but in feuilleton-novels. ... At last she is bored, she told me so. She waits. Of real ennui, sacred ennui, great ennui, she is naturally incapable. Ah! the disquietude of living, the ignorance of everything, our speechlessness before the incessant questions of the unknown force that lives, throbs and sings within us! Answer it? First of all know it. Perhaps before anything seek it? Do we really seek it and in good faith? What is its name? Its name is Us, its name is I. I have men and women, friends and mistresses, a broad and free life; what fails me is I. Sometimes I seek and, miraculously, sometimes I find myself, then I flee from myself. It is absurd, yes, but I have a leaning towards the absurd; a sapling leans towards the saddened greenish water of an obscure pond. There is dread in our souls and in our heads the vertigo of currents and falls. Trees, plants, grasses of to-day, you, I and all, we are uprooted beings, rafts, skiffs, or vessels carried towards the unknown ocean by the brutal and imperious stream which has conquered the forest. It carries us all, standing still upright, as the native soil, with our leaves whispering in the wind, our birds, our insects, all our familiar creatures: and that is why we believe we live but that spring will come no more. No, it is too grand for our mediocrity. It is merely question of a poor tuft of moss that feeds no more on earth but only on a little damp air, or perhaps of a wall-flower which freezes on the ridge of an old wall. I belong no more to spontaneous woods or to well-ordained gardens, I experience no fraternal pleasures, I am alone. How alone we are my friend! Alone and abandoned, stripped in the midst of a hostile world and forsaken even by God. God rules no more; it is the interreign of the infinite. Therefore our salvation is in us, absolutely; as it has been said, we must seek and find ourselves and learn not to fear ourselves and bravely to look into the greenish cold waters of the sad and obscure pond. There, I always know exactly what I wish to say, and from image to image, as at the relays one changes one's horses but not one's course, I arrive at the inn. Ah! yes to lie down and sleep! Thought is an illness which causes sleep to flee. To-morrow I will go and see Fanette. That is quite amusing. Once more alone, Pascase having hardly closed the door, Diomedes felt a sharp feverish thrill. His idea rose, as from an arm-chair, moved, came to him, he felt its clasp and its embrace, lived with it all the evening and lay down with it on his lonely man's bed. Naked and cold, tenacious and dumb, it lay by him watching over his sleep. Christine's voice called him from below the mountain. He got up, left his cell and walked down towards the belated traveller, a staff in one hand, and in the other, a heavy lantern. But Christine as soon as she beheld him, ran away screaming : "I am frightened of the great black pines." II.—POPLARS. "The flakes lay in the air, The whitish poplar flowers." At dawn Diomedes was released. He then thought of Pascase and pitied him for his folly. He judged him capable really of letting himself be caught or even of giving himself freely, born to bear contentedly the so heavy burden of sentimental bondage. His fear was but the instinctive cry of the beast surprised amidst the peace of the cavern, but once captured, he would enter the new cage (so similar to the cavern) with proud docility. " It would be curious if he were really in love with Christine! A pleasing psychology to follow! One must thwart Nature. Nothing is more humorous than to mock the old artless goddess and to lash somewhat her lovers. Simple souls will be baffled into tears.. ." He resumed. "This is still too much. I express hatred and scorn, I who am inclined only towards pity. To have pity on mankind. All other sentiment is excessive. I would wish to bestow around me plentiful alms.. ." " Flakes lay in the air, the whitish poplar-flowers." A young woman passed, her pink dress trimmed with puffs, a briar-rose bush gently brushed by passing lambs. He thought of Fanette. But it was Cyran's hour. Far more amusing still was Cyran with his spitefulness become timid and surreptitious, his equivocal words insinuated in a gentle voice, with all the outward forms of pure intentions; false moneys in the poor-box. He was decorating a poor chapel of Grey-Friars at Auteuil, painter of those whose painting is but an abbreviated form of writing, and at night-fall, his page done, he would return by boat, to the small café in the rue Saint Benoit where friends would join him. Mass in the morning, in the evenings the café; Cyran's life oscillated now blissfully between this joy and that pleasure. Now he laid his tobacco, pipe and a small eucology on the table, stroked his white hair and with lips upturned, said, pushing the small black book towards Diomedes : "Yes, my dear fellow, that is what I have come to, a lass of fourteen delighted with the insuperable nonsense of amorous repetitions. " Little month of Mary"! It is funny isn't it? Cyran the man of prostitutes! But I have so loved the flesh, I have so often drunken and eaten the flesh and blood of woman that I can now commune but with fallacious hosts. Ah! celestial dew, early-morning manna! Ah! let it weep, let it rain! I am executing a painting to explain this: a procession of white-robed veiled women who advance holding in one hand a leafless branch blossomed with a heart. It resembles a large red lily. Everything else is white, nothing save August 15th, 1913 THE NEW FREEWOMAN 91 white, and a snowy dew falls from the pale heaven.. .. It is very beautiful... . Somewhat domineering with Pascase and a few others, Diomedes did not feel so much at ease with Cyran, whose headstrong and tortuous imagination puzzled him sometimes. Nevertheless he liked him. To give himself time, he wished to discuss the technical question of white on white, but Cyran continued : — To paint no more but for first communicants! Do not the fresh souls of these childish lovers have as great a right to art as has your corrupted soul, tell me Diomedes? Angels, flames, doves and lilies. — And bine-weeds which entangle their legs, interrupted Diomedes. They are just as much corrupted as you are, but innocently; they do not know it. Little girls, you know what one does with them? — I have known it, answered Cyran, with a certain gravity. He put his eucology away and resumed gently after a silence : — Diomedes, I do not pretend to deceive you, and you know me too well not to be able to detect my true thought among the false stones. Well, I really have need of candour, of freshness, of whiteness, of snow! I have burnt myself so deeply, I have soiled myself so much. — Yes, said Diomedes, sin is a morphine; one dies from its pricks, and one dies from the absence of its pricks. It is perhaps better to die pleasantly. — But I was dying stupidly, with the sensation of sinking in the moving mud of a morass. .. one day I was reading pages of " Hello." Emotion overruled the smile, I dreamed, I meditated..... Ultimately I was overwhelmed. — Saint Paul, saint Cyran, as says Cyrène. — Perhaps. .. What has become of her? — Nothing good, said Diomedes. She is weary and still loves you. Cyran resumed without insisting. — I am very happy, I live in peace, I wallow in snow and in white-lead. I do not fear Cyrène or any other woman and I paint frescoes on the walls of an absolutely bare church. I have work for twenty years more; I will die there if I am given a bed of straw and some ashes when my hour comes. Adieu. How suddenly he went! He is afraid I should speak to him of Cyrène, mused Diomedes. Cyran is afraid. Pascase is afraid. And I? I also am afraid. I! Yes, I. I am afraid of the woman who moved me, of the woman whom I desire, of the woman whom I love. I am afraid of the only one, I am afraid of the real one. Yesterday, Pascase spoke as I thought, and now Cyran !. .. There is but one... It is perhaps the same one diversified to suit the forms of soul and body which clings like a cuirass, or a hair-cloth shirt, to our rebellious breasts. Oh! when I saw her brown eyes look at me so softly and so imperiously ! No. I wish to toy with life, I wish to pass dreaming; I do not wish to believe; I do not wish to love; I do not wish to suffer; I do not wish to be happy; I do not wish to be a dupe. I look, I observe, I judge, I smile. But Pascase, but Cyran? Why do they fear? Pascase is afraid of the unknown and Cyran of the too-well known. I? I am afraid to bend my knee, that is all. Ah! Christine, Mauve, Fanette, save me! Enough! Moreover I can deny her existence in not thinking of her. To-morrow Fanette." But during the whole evening, dragged through dark streets or under withered trees, he thought of Néobelle. She was a young girl, strong, full of life and will-power, caught sight of, one day in the past, and loved forthwith, painfully beautiful in the semi-nudity of a ball-dress and almost forsaken because of the severity of her brown eyes and of the full-bloom of a body whose power gainsaid the light and gentle fancy men have of a virgin. She would have been worshipped on the stage, amongst the measured exaltation of the tragic verses which her somewhat massive arm would have scan with certitude. Looked at on the same level, on the floor of a drawing-room, she seemed exiled, such as a sumptuous hydrangea in the close of a pauper's yard. Verily her richness frightened one and desire died of an almost painful intensity, before the violent vision of the twin cupolas of the loins, of the womb with its proud promontory of gold, of breasts blossomed deeply with bronze and purple, of shoulders salted with cloves like rocks of white marble sprung from amidst the lavenders, thymes and mints, under the opulent redness of junipers. She was red-haired and darkened by a skin, whose pallor drank in all the lights and only gave forth a rich and warm shade of yellow roses. "Deny her? resumed Diomedes. She is undeniable. Flee from her, at the utmost flee from her? Her name alone, and I see her nude, womanly, mute, smiling, and if she breathes, if her breasts swell like sails, I embark on the ship and am carried towards the high seas, and the ancient islands of sensual felicities. But she is not the stupid flesh that enjoys the joys of the beast and then retires and returns to the pasture; there is grace and intelligence in her majestic sensuality: she is gifted with the smile. She smiles seriously, she is as serious as a divinity. On bended knees. No, neither before men or women will I offer or accept. There are so many of these eyes of good-will, or of these robes which fall before a glance. Idols to be touched without preamble and without fear—and so alike all of them to those who hide in shrines! It is such artlessness to wish one-self robbed by the bursting of a lock that a tear will force open, or the breaking of a mirror that a prayer will shatter. I will neither pray nor weep. I uplift my desire and my desire uplifts me. We will go long and far, burden each in turn, towards nothing, towards forgetfulness, towards silence and perhaps towards peace. She troubles me. I do not wish that the waters of the lake should be dimmed with burst bubbles: it annoys me when I look, among the green pebbles and the grasses, at the playings of the blue devils which are my beloved thoughts. Let me be uneasy, sad and free, rather than be happy by the abandoning of my hands! And yet her hair would make beautiful ropes, soft as silk, strong as hemp. No. To play with Fanette. Will she still amuse me? Yesterday Christine would have perhaps disappointed me! Cyran froze me. To acquire that soul of mist and snow when one has been Cyran, the man of abrupt words, precise gestures and dry eyes. " To change is perhaps to decline. " Remy de Gourmont. (To be continued.) Religion and Riches. IT is naturally difficult for most of us to realise that the thing we think we want most is probably the last thing it is good for us to have. Nine people out of ten, for instance, think they want bigger wages, while as a matter of fact it is less and not more wages they really want. The happiest person I have ever met, among the poor of course—the rich are never exactly happy—was a potter who retired from business because his kiln was cracked and he had not enough spare cash to have it repaired, but he had land enough all the same to keep himself and his family in all the necessities and many of the luxuries of life. Wages are the symbol of destitution or slavery, and our desire for wages nothing more than the confession of our inability to help ourselves directly to the means of life, or, in other words, to 92 THE NEW FREEWOMAN August 15th, 1913 be free. Wages mean that we have to get our food and clothes and cottages from other people instead of making them for ourselves; surely a servile condition to be reduced to! A slave may be a respected member of society and a handy man, but so long as he cannot escape from his thraldom, or, what is worse, prefers it to liberty, so long he must accept the stigma which slavery implies. The great delusion of to-day, a delusion instinctively fostered by the richer class, is that England is a free and enlightened land because every fool in it can vote whether the links of his chain shall be round or square; into such an absurdity has commercialism, machinery, and political equality, so far as they have gone—and we only speak in the hope of checking their further advance—led us, that we have become a nation of slaves self-hypnotised into the belief that we are lords of creation by an unspeakable conceit or pride. To shake this pride and substitute a corresponding humility is the initial, as it must be the hardest, task of any true attempt at Reconstruction, for not only is our present infallibility taken for granted, but a whole profession has been employed to bring the contrary virtue into ridicule. The real meaning and value of Humility has been missed because it has been too exclusively associated with a personal state of mind instead of with a national state of body. Indeed, Humility, as sedulously inculcated by the Church, has been the rich oppressor's best friend. It has unnerved rebellion by undermining justifiable indignation, and indignation without action is vicious. "Better kill an infant in its cradle" says Blake "than nurse unsatisfied desires." It has justified robbery by preaching the sinfulness of resistance. Now, Humility in its bodily instead of spiritual meaning is Poverty, but Poverty in the classical and biblical sense is very different from what it has come to mean to-day. In the Bible it holds a dignified position as contrasted with Riches, which as the physical condition of pride, is the contemptible and disintegrating element in social affairs. The "Poor," or those of humble estate, are the Peasants, who in all ages constitute the true nation, because they support it. The " proud " or the rich are the capitalists who never represent a country till they have ruined it. If the Church had been a perceptive or faithful Church, it would have known that a " rich " nation can no more enter the kingdom of Heaven than a rich man can, and that the principle of Christianity is far less to relieve poverty than to bless and advocate it. To have made Christ palliate our poverty is naturally to have brought Christianity into disrepute. To see in poverty only a reason for charity is to divert attention from its criminal manufacture. How could any reasonable person continue to respect a religion or a church that is responsible for maintaining a slavery so widespread, so degraded and so justifiably unenviable as ours! That Humility then, which is so indispensable for our national salvation, is less a personal sentiment, creditable only as it is concealed, than the restoration of that " honourable " state, as it used to be called, of Peasantry, Poverty, or, if I may use the term without being misunderstood, the Simple Life. Excessive wealth, or rather excessive control of slaves by a few persons is dangerous to the State, but so long as it is confined to the few, there is a chance that they may be doing some intellectual work in exchange for their power. When, however, there are a great many more rich people than there is intellectual work to be done, Idleness becomes popular as the symbol of that degradingly false freedom which all are anxious to win, and it is proportionately difficult for any gospel of Humility or Poverty to gain a tolerant hearing. No other gospel however can ever be thoroughly successful; firstly because the greatest happiness of the greatest number can only be secured when the greatest number are poor. It is obvious that only a minority can ever be rich, because people are only rich in proportion to the number of slaves they employ. What would be the worth of a hundred motor cars with only one chauffeur, or of one hundred leather beds if one had not only to make but to lie on them all? The second reason for preaching Humility or poverty is that, after all, the strongest appeal you can make to anyone is to ask him to sacrifice himself. We are prouder of our martyrdoms, real or imaginary, than of anything else, and Socialism has failed because it failed to preach poverty as really the most desirable condition for everybody to aim at. Socialism could never clear its mind of cant, the cant that Money, the symbol of slavery, the mere uncertain promise of things, can possibly be better than the actual possession of the things themselves. It succumbed to the popular hallucination about the nation's vast wealth, and descended to a vulgar and foolish appeal instead of rising to a wise and refined one. Foolish, because in assuming that the national wealth could be redistributed, it accepted the very slavery that maintains it, and carrion by any name will smell as nasty. Socialism suggested that the passengers should relieve the stoker and guard, but took it for granted that the train would continue to run. A humble state, a poor state, a peasant state, a happy state would question the need of the train to run at all. It would impeach the whole system of modern industrialism. It would repudiate a debt it never incurred and could never repay, and begin instead to accumulate a national store bearing a different sort of interest in rosy cheeks and happy hearts. Forty years ago such " sentimental " language was dismissed at once as unscientific and unpractical. To-day, a different note may struggle with the scorn, for none of the practical alternatives have brought us nearer our goal, or done more than vindicate the necessity and reasonableness of sentiment. I believe, then, that the time is particularly ripe for a beginning of better things, but that our difficulties must be solved in a way which may seem questionable and new to people who have been less exercised by the actual material pressure of modern slavery than by the horror and hatred of it, people like you or me who have had leisure enough to read and write articles on our social problems which the poor would never read and the peasantry never write, people whose point of view is obviously transitional and ephemeral and who would consequently and naturally miss the right, and only, and eternal solution, which is the religious solution. When I say that, many of my readers will, as I feared before, discontinue to do me that honour, in contempt or pity for my obsolete state of mind, for they believe that either the resources of religion have proved utterly ineffectual to cope with modern conditions, or that Religion was never intended to grapple with the task. But this opinion of theirs is only due to their ignorance, firstly of what the real object of Religion is, and secondly of the nature of the problem with which we are faced. I will attempt as briefly as possible to explain both of these matters. We saw in a former article that Religion meant something that bound people together, before it bound them separately to somebody or something they could not understand, and that the only thing which could do that was an enthusiasm which they could share. Let me take a further step and say that the only enthusiasm which can bind people together in any satisfactory, or permanent and progressive manner, would be the belief that life is a spiritual business before it is a material one. I shall not shrink from the inevitable challenge to explain what I mean by " spiritual " and " material," but in the meantime I shall use these words in preference to more metaphysical ones, with which I should not feel at home; or to simpler ones such as " feeling " and "fact" which would be open to still greater ambiguity, because these two words spiritual and August 15th, 1913 THE NEW FREEWOMAN 93 material do I think convey better than any others a radical and inherent and generally confessed anti-thesis in most people's minds. Without more definition at present, let us then say that religion—the enthusiasm that binds people together—is a belief that our physical or material condition depends on our spiritual condition, instead of vice versa; and that consequently any alteration in our material surroundings, or the state of our bodies, must be preceded by an alteration in our Ideals; so that the first question to be asked to-day and to be answered, before any practical step can be taken is, from a religious point of view, " What are our Ideals?" Ideals, if you please, or rather Utopias, for the most materialistic of us has his ideals. Utopias, then, and not merely theories purporting to be based on experience, still less policies prompted by expedience or despair. We must hitch our wagon to a star, or we shall infallibly stick in the mud. The vital question is, as somebody has said, "To what star?" We must insist too on putting our Utopias in the front of the fighting and not in the reserve, because people who have no visions of a promised land are always apt to override ours as impracticable. " That is all very pretty " they say " but in the meantime what are we to do? We cannot possibly leave the poor to be starved and sweated and ill-housed and ill-treated and unrepresented as they are at present." To which we can only answer that for our part we have no objection to philanthropic persons doing anything, so long as they do it themselves instead of deputing others to do it for them; for the truth is that those who insist on the urgency of " doing something " generally think that wrong can be set right by legislation, and that all we have to do ourselves is to "vote for the right man." Now, if there is one thing that a new religious movement should stand for, it is this elementary fact, that wrongs cannot be set right by legislation, but only by our finding out what are the right thoughts to think and what are the right things to do, and by thinking those thoughts and doing those things ourselves, of our own accord, instead of being forced, or forcing other people, to think and do them. It is perhaps just conceivable that Legislation might oppress the rich and proud, and exalt the humble and meek; but even supposing a dictator could be found to do so, and only a dictator could, even he could not change our character, and it is character which, as religious people or idealists, we wish to see changed. To believe that Legislation in some form or other, by shifting material conditions, is going to affect character, is the greatest modern instance of idolatry. We must either hold one opinion or the other; we must believe either that spirit makes matter, or matter spirit, either that God rules the world, or that Mammon and Machinery do. Legislation is only one form of Machinery, and belief in its efficacy is a comfortable superstition that society at large can get rich and young again by some inscrutable magic, and without that personal labour and individual conversion, both of which used to be inseparably associated with all effective reform. This superstition has been carefully fostered by the whole of our recent development with its many mechanical inventions. It has been the object of these inventions (and it is curious to notice how completely successful they have been) to supply everybody, to the extent of his power of purchase, with every possible necessity or luxury, without any disagreeable proximity to its manufacture. Machinery has driven in a wedge between the producing and consuming sides of our lives. It has brought about a scandalous divorce in the sphere of Economics between parties who were intended to be eternally married. The tea table is furnished with Swiss milk, American bread, Brittany butter, and Dutch eggs, and is replete with every kind of tinned and packeted comestible; and the people love to have it so. Thus the whole trend of our " progress " is to remove all memory of the degrading necessity of labour further and further away from our own sacred and sensitive selves. The telephone, the electric light, the motors and all the rest of the machinery which " nobody now could possibly do without " have really separated us from the facts of nature and the greater laws of God. In believing that they were serving us we have become their absolute slaves. The Ideals which aim at the extension of these luxuries, are not ideals at all from a religious point of view: they are not Utopias or schemes subservient to a spiritual vision, but are directly opposed to such, being, so far as they are visions at all, based on the belief that our welfare is a physical and not a mental condition. Against such opinions we must rebel, for they are the taskmasters of Egypt to which we are in bondage. But while we deny that the spiritual can be the outcome of the material, or that any good can come out of Egypt, except in reaction to it, we do believe that prosperous material conditions will ultimately and inevitably spring from spiritual ones, only they will not be of the nature usually associated to-day with prosperity. The sort of prosperity which a more spiritual civilisation than ours would illustrate, would be such a modest one that everybody could claim an approximately equal share in it. Such an equality could obviously only exist among people who were indispensable to each other, and who were therefore free in that paradoxical but true sense. Now, none can answer to such a description better than those who produce the food for the community, for it is they who keep the community alive, they who are really " free " of the community because the community is dependent on them. This indispensability between the members of the community should however, as far as possible, extend to them all. Everybody should be honoured and free because he is useful to his neighbours in one of two ways. Either he helps to feed them or he is fed by them in consideration of doing something which they think is worth doing. This division is a very important one because while we can have no doubt at all about the value of food, we must have very considerable doubts about the value of many things, which are nevertheless handsomely rewarded to-day with a great deal of food— or of money which stands for food. By those who produce food for the community, I mean of course those who get it out of the ground; peasants as they should be, agricultural labourers as we only know them to be. I do not at all mean " breadwinners " in the modern sentimental and pathetically misleading sense of wage or money earners for the family. Money was perhaps originally invented to facilitate exchange, so that barter might take place in which one of che parties would give some document or coin, in lieu of goods, as a promise or token that he would hand over the goods on return of the token. Money is consequently the symbol of debt or credit, the sign of slavery, as we have seen; but not only of the poor to the rich, for the poor can if they dare repudiate the token they never invented or gave; but of the rich to the poor, or shall we rather say, of all those who put their trust in that form of " riches" rather than in their own ability to do honest work. So we can conclude that if religion has anything to do with morals, and we believe it has everything to do with them; and if morality implies, as we saw it did in the case of Humility, a political and social as well as a personal ideal and practice, Religion must be the solution, and the only solution of our political or social difficulties, only it will have to be a religion with more secrets and more sense than the authorised holders of the keys are able or care to disclose. Godfrey Blount. 94 THE NEW FREEWOMAN August 15th, 1913 The Latest Freaks in Taxation. INSANE as the State is, no one has ever dreamed that it would contemplate the levying of a special tax on people so unfortunate as to be afflicted with disease. Yet this is what it is on the point of doing. In The new Freewoman of August 1st I called attention to the growing tendency of State legislatures in the United States to require certificates of health from both parties to a marriage. Now comes the congress of the United States with a proposition for a general income tax, graduated for all incomes in excess of $4000, and, in the case of celibates, for all incomes in excess of $3000. That is to say, the celibate is to be taxed on an extra thousand dollars. But, if ill, he is forbidden to marry. Therefore those whom the State forces to remain celibates are to be taxed virtually because they are diseased. You are damned if you do, and you are damned if you don't. France, more logical thus far than the United States, will damn you only if you don't. No doubt the double damnation will come in due time, but for the present France will fall afoul of you only if you fail to marry. But this damnation, though single, is far the more serious. Under the income tax proposed in France the benedict who enjoys an income of 10,000 francs will pay a tax of only 25 francs a year, while the bachelor enjoying the same income will pay 1025 francs a year. Besides paying the same tax that the benedict pays, the bachelor must pay, in addition, every year, twenty per cent. of his entire income in excess of 5000 francs. This proposal is being assailed vigorously by such writers as Urbain Gohier, Victor Margueritte, Paul Brulat, and Remy de Gourmont; and a special way in which it will work injustice is pointed out by Paul Desachy, who says in "Gil Blas": "The project is dominated by a veritable spirit of reaction. It is a manifestation against free union, against those who think that marriage, as it now exists, is an immoral contract because love does not figure in it, because it is a guarantee only for the rich, because it has been instituted solely for the maintenance of property and the consolidation of castes, and because it is not adapted to a society where each participates in the social capital and in the social task. Those who profess these theories, on which Stendhal has written vigorous pages, are becoming more numerous every day; and still more numerous those who, under the influence of the movement for woman's emancipation, are practising them and founding families, by the simple assent of two free wills, without the aid of scarf or chasuble. Well, Mr. Lawgiver, do you intend to tax heavily, doubly, the life of these beings who, regardless of social conventions, love and procreate?" Remy de Gourmont attacks the proposal from various points of view, but his conclusive objection is that " a tax of this sort is an assault upon liberty." But, my dear Monsieur de Gourmont, what tax is not? Benj. R. Tucker. The Humanitarian Holiday Recreative Party and Food Reform Summer School. (which gave such unqualified satisfaction and pleasure to all who attended it last year) will be repeated this year. For this purpose a Boarding School with 70 beds has been taken. The house stands in its own grounds overlooking a beautiful wooded park near sea. Lectures, musical and other entertainments, excursions by land and sea, outdoor games, etc. Inclusive terms, full board residence (4 meals a day) 1 to 2 guineas per week according to bedroom accommodation. Prospectus giving all particulars from the Hon. Secretary or Mr. and Mrs. Massingham, Food Reform Guest House, 17, Norfolk Terrace, Brighton. The Rape of the Drama. DOWN in a sea-girt hollow that fronts my window an unconquerable blue flower has lifted its head to the coveted sun. For two days a blustering gale has trampled on it. The flower suggests the question, Is the drama about to lift its head to the sun also? Will it become cosmic once more? Much stress is being laid on the renewed activity of the drama. Can it be the activity of a reptile masquerading as an angel? That the drama is still on the dark and soulless side of human life and is plying for hire in establishments hooked on to flaming-nosed gin-palaces and glorified doss-houses run by members of the drama procuring trade, is I think obvious to all open-eyed persons. And that it was not always so is plain also. Centuries and centuries ago, as I explained in my last article, the drama was born in a pure form as motion. It was born as motion because primitive man had the capacity to be provoked into motion. It was reborn as words because mankind had lost this capacity. In its pure and original form as motion the drama expressed the Cosmic Consciousness and Harmony. Later it was seduced by Speech to an expression of the Middle Class Consciousness and Conflict. A freak was born possessing scholarly leanings and a perverted sexual nature. With barrenness as its chief characteristic it found no difficulty in becoming the prostitute of the material world. And as age succeeded age, generation followed generation, so it was to be met " soliciting " the changing phases of civilisation what time it exclaimed to its patrons in the financial line " Here I am completely at your service Messieurs les Procureurs dramatiques." We are aware of its detestable condition to-day. It has been " getting on " so well with present-day procurers, procuresses, assistant-deputy procurers and procuresses that it looks like a Smyth-Piggotted English typist. Concerning what I said as to the seduction of the drama, a friend writes to point out that Neitzsche has a similar idea relating to Art. It seems that Neitzsche has referred somewhere to Art as the Arch-seducer. He was aware that the deadly formalism and fallacies arising from the artist-fetish had bred a race of intermediaries called professional artists who are engaged in doing on behalf of laymen what laymen should be doing for themselves. Art practice (not Art itself as Neitzsche seems to imply) has in fact been used to seduce human beings from Art expression. This is the first I have heard of Neitzsche's theory owing no doubt to the fact that I have read but little of the German philosopher's work. From time to time I have dipped into the unilluminating translations and interpretations by red-tie bleaters and top-hatted males including Dr. G. T. Wrench, Mr. Bernard Shaw, J. M. Kennedy (of T.P.'s Weekly), A. R. Orage, Professor Antony, M. Ludovici (of University College) and Dr. Oscar Levy, without however finding anything except an instinct for avoiding Neitzsche altogether. Of NEITZSCHE—Neitzsche of the future—there is not a trace in the work of these commonplace popularizers. They have simply thought at him not looked at him, made a civic pyramid not a cosmic circle of him. They have taught us to understand why Neitzsche shivered with fear at the thought of this descent into mediocrity and why the fear wrung from him the prophetic cry " My disciples will kill me." All that matters to me is Neitzsche's vision, not the little heaps of manufactured intellectual dust. And I suppose all that mattered to early man was the never-ending stream of Life, not the gabble of Gods, or man or beasts. Exuberant Life flowed through him, and as it flowed so arose the necessity for expression. He was accessible to the flow and responded to it. Thus dramatic expression was a necessity to August 15th, 1913 THE NEW FREEWOMAN 95 him. It would still be a necessity to every man but for the coming of culture-substitutes, specialists and specialism. The truth is we are all potential dramatists and actors and given the proper conditions would express ourselves accordingly. It seems an amazing thing that human beings who once did their own fluting and piping should have all their pastorals invented for them and shut off in watertight compartments ready to be turned on at a moment's notice by working valves kept ready oiled for the purpose. Vet so it is, and to-day we are confronted by the rueful spectacle of humanity robbed of its creative birthright by its self-appointed pastors and masters. And the curious thing is that it does not appear to have any inkling of the truth. It cannot see that it has been seduced from individual dramatic expression by a spurious form of drama; that its dramatic instinct or play spirit has been trampled on by a huge crowd of specialists; and that the drama—the original form of drama—lies in each of its members a starveling root, buried deep in that universal consciousness which is a part of their actual selves. The drama, in fact, lies at the very foundation of individual life and thus it is a link with the eternal. The root is there. One cannot look upon certain scenes of human life without realising it is there. It makes itself felt as the life of each scene—of which scene the conscious dramatic motives of the actors are infinitesimal parts. Writing in " A Living Theatre" (an excellent shilling publication that comes from the Arena Goldoni, Florence, to explain " The Gordon Craig School ") Mr. John Balance describes how he feels its presence in Florence. He says :— Actors spring from the soil here, instead of through traps in a stage or the drawing-rooms of the wealthy. ... In the very streets excitement creates the Drama for us. Every shop with its craftsmen working in the open doorway, singing their favourite songs as in the olden time, (and the songs are enchanting), is the scene of a drama. Drama played by a City of Actors on the open-air stage. Drama delicate and amusing. Drama ever so refined and lastingly humorous. Comedians in the piazzas. Comedians on the steps by the river. Comedians on the bridges—down the alleys—in the market-places—everywhere! Delicate comedy all the time, and now and then a very little fierce tragedy. It is because the root is there that the dramatic rebirth of civilised human beings is possible. The question is, how is the root to be fertilised? How are human beings to be weaned from the Drama of Diction? How are they to be led to see that all this appalling dramatic caricaturing is a symbol of the loss of their capacity, to be provoked into expressing their own spiritual motive power? The answer is in two ways. The first would be of course the sudden elimination of all substitutes and substitutions; the second, the gradual elimination of them. Contributions to the first have been furnished by Mr. Gordon Craig and may I think be summed up as both destructive and constructive. Mr. Craig is for destroying the whole of the morbid secretion of word plays, actors and theatres which the ages have squirted over mankind and filled with melancholia; and when he has done this he hopes to see the sun rise upon the hills what time the old stinks retreat down the valleys and intelligent human beings step forth once more to describe their own sentiments and pure soul-power as moving in harmony with the Cosmos rather than in alleged conflict as debated in the theatre. All which has appeared to some reformers to be so fanciful rather than helpful, that they have repeatedly advised Mr. Craig to put up his pipe and be gone. Mr. Craig however remains. He believes that he has betaken himself to practical business and there are signs that he is about to plant the first stepping-stone in the brook of our difficulty. As an alternative to Mr. Craig's proposed " sudden jump " there is the gradual elimination of words from the drama. I hope to return to this point another time. It may be asked: Has not this elimination begun? What, for instance, is the meaning of the present change in dramatic activity in this country? What is the significance of the death and burial of Cock Shaw and the Repertory Theatre in London, of the dying down of the Repertory Theatre in the Provinces, of the contemptuous silence that meets the appeal for a National Theatre organised and run by 'aughty culturists, and above all of the revival of Adelphi melodrama? Are these things not due to the spread of the Picture Palace Plague and its influence on public taste in acting? And is not the Picture Palace fanatic justified in believing that a new and bright era in English stage gymnastics is dawning? And is there not really something in his pious hope that the moving picture will eventually bridge the gulf between the actor and the spectator? Alas! there is no hope that the Picture Palace any more than the Music Hall or the Fabian Society will usher in the perfect form of drama, and thereby renew the link which civilisation has destroyed. The most we can say for current declining and renewing dramatic activities is that they indicate a change in public opinion wrought by philosophy and religion. Philosophy is lifting its head to the sun and the search for Heaven is about to be renewed. There is an increasing cry of " Beware of false prophets. The age is full of them; dense as with corrupt trees that bring forth evil fruit. By their fruit you shall know them." Many persons turn to accept with gratitude Eucken's and Bergson's explanation of a spiritual universe and sigh with relief at the prospect of mankind's release from the materialistic Heaven after a century of incarceration. Such persons however are apt to mistake the Heaven of Eucken and Bergson for The Heaven and point to the rebirth of a religious form of drama as The Religious Drama. It is nothing of the sort. The so-called new religious drama now stirring in our midst is simply the old usurper re-entering the Church and placing itself under ecclesiastical control as in Medieval times. And as it puts on a spurious religious function and enters into alliance with religion, a crowd of half-baked superstitious imbeciles rush in to hear its sermons. Needless to say this prosperous-looking parson-parrot is able to adapt its sermon to its congregation. If the latter demands Melodrama the old heathen produces Melodrama. For what is Melodrama but the old Morality Play with a modern graveside manner preoccupied with homespun joys and sorrows. It is, in fact, a survival of the tendency to personify moral qualities. The qualities have changed their names, that is all. Virtue is now Heroine; Vice is Villain. The chief characters and characteristics are the same. There are the self-sacrificing woman with virtues to dispose of at greatly reduced prices, the brave man who succeeds mightily in spite of all obstacles, and the profligate with cunning devices to check the brave man's successful career. There they all are bobbing up as serenely as in that last resort of the suicidal, a Hall Caine novel. Both the Morality Play and Melodrama are, in fact, biblical in subject, mock heroic in manner, both are crowded with hard-working characters with extensive frontages, and both strike strenuously for righteousness. Indeed the only difference between the two is in the matter of dress; and whereas Morality clothes itself in the odds and ends of a jumble sale, and a bored expression, Melodrama affects a dress-suit, a top hat and a tearful smile. Thus in demanding Melodrama the public shows no tendency towards a higher dramatic ideal, but a response to a pseudo-religious mania and an insane desire to return to the heaven and hell of the early theological plays. I do not suppose that this view of the " new " religious wave in the theatre is held 96 THE NEW FREEWOMAN August 15th, 1913 by Mrs. Percy Dearmer, the Hon. Mrs. Alfred Lyttelton and other benighted members of the bloated Morality Society. Nor is it possible that Dr. Stanton Coit in introducing the Old Morality with faked music to the Ethical Church is aware that he is conspiring to restore the Diction Drama to the Church where it may soon become addicted to the theological habit. The Diction Drama has been struggling for some time in the ashes of a discredited Determinist theatre and now that the Christian Socialist salvage corps has come to its rescue it may reasonably hope to " figure gloriously " in our midst. His Majesty's Theatre is about to allot it splendid opportunities for progress " and under a spreading Beerbohm Tree it may be trusted to develop the inane follies which our Middle-Aged ancestors elaborated. In this attempt to free itself from the restraints imposed upon it by the Viewsyites and Discussionists in order to become Biblical the Diction Drama will have the help of its many " enlightened " specialist friends. The following gay and gaudy samples of high-class thinking on the drama, culled from a controversy in " The Morning Post " and from other sources, are sufficient to prove it. "The English stage has never been more nourishing, more vigorous, nor in a more hopeful condition. .. but as Mr. Knoblauch says, with our British genius for self-depreciation, we are ashamed to own it. It is in keeping with the spirit of those wretches the Little Englanders " (Miss Violet Vanbrugh). Slobber. " English plays invade other countries successfully, being strong enough to overcome national prejudice in doing so " (Mr. Edward Knoblauch). Now we know why other countries are so dull. " I entirely agree with what Mr. Knoblauch says about the evil effects of our national mood of self-depreciation. It does no good to our plays, our books, or our authors. Indeed it acts as a very bad quicklime to such genius as we still have with us " (Mr. Hall Caine). Mr. Caine's jokes are constructed on a principle which entirely prohibits laughter. " The supply of first-class plays is far below the demand " (Mr. Weedon Grossmith). This may be regarded as damning evidence of the "decay of the drama." " If. .. the wealthy merchants and bankers of the city would not disdain to give some financial support to the theatre, then the Little Theatre in John Street would be the hub of the Renaissance of the Drama " (Miss Gertrude Kingston). This is a thin layer of tosh covering a solid block of personal interest. " I venture to say boldly that the people of Great Britain are hungry and thirsty for the Drama " (Mr. Louis N. Parker). Mr. Parker speaks as one who has had an honourable connection with the manufacture of it. " The Drama is inclined to kick over the traces and to stand upon its head " (Mr. Sydney Grundy). It has had enough of Mrs. Grundy's stainless features. " At present the public insist on their favourites* appearing in certain types of parts, but I think in time they would come to recognise acting as an art " (Miss Marie Tempest). This sort of boasting ought to be punished. " There is not one drama, but many dramas " (Mr. Arthur Shirley). And the many " dramas " are just one dull debate after another. " Theatre managers persist in giving the public that particular style of second-rate drama which no individual likes " (Mr. Douglas Jerrold). The managers' God being a second-rate one, naturally they believe that all men are fashioned in that image. " There is no doubt that the wonderful Bennett-Knoblauch collaboration helped to create a desire for something deeper, truer, and nearer the heart of things.. .. Meanwhile, the American quick to observe the state of the British home-produce market, ' butted in ' hurriedly with two or three plays of the ' strong ' order.. .. This return to the primitive taste creates in the minds of some observers the fear that we shall gradually develop that insatiable craving for lachrymose sentiment which was characteristic of mid-Victorian audiences" ("Daily Express"). And is strongly characteristic of current " Express " cant. " A younger school (of dramatists) will arise which has forgotten the advice of modern writers not to read the works of a dead author, and will at least be acquainted with the classics " (John Francis Randall). Another reactionary stinkard. " I promised last week to offer my explanation of the prevailing vacuity of modern Drama.. .. There is at present no dramatic movement in life " (Which life?). .. "To have a drama our playwrights must feel enthusiastic about either ideas or some man " (N. A. Presscutter). The writer appears to have explained his own vacuity. The italics are mine. " Sir Henry Irving was the last of the great managers able to ignore the modern dramatist " (" T.P.'s Weekly "). 'Enery must 'ave been a proud and 'appy man. Was there ever such brain-rotting gup? The seduced drama may continue to gild its nails and paint its lips vermilion. Huntly Carter. The Claims of Women. BEFORE women can establish claims to equality with men, the question at issue will have to be divested of certain age-old superstitions with which it is now encumbered. At the present stage of discussion, woman is not asking for equal freedom— she is still holding herself as a thing apart from man; she is still asking for favours on account of her sex; and this is the real reason why men are so tardy in formally acknowledging her equality. The greatest obstacle—which is so nearly intangible that she could walk straight through it if she would—is the so-called " sacredness of sex." No one ever stops to ask himself why sex is or should be sacred. It is one of those ancient shibboleths whose origin no one remembers and whose authority no one has thought to dispute. Sacredness of sex, moreover, seems always to imply female sex. This alleged sacredness, I maintain, must be abolished, both as it applies to the female in particular and to the sex in general. Let us examine the proposition more closely. Why is the function of sex singled out from among all the other functions of the human body to be consecrated? It may be asserted that it is the most important, since it is by means of it that the race is reproduced. But even that is open to argument, as it may pertinently be contended that the digestive function is of more importance, since upon the ability to assimilate food depends the life of the individual. If the digestive function be so impaired that the individual never reaches the reproductive age, the function of sex becomes a matter of secondary importance. The same argument may be applied to the functions of other organs of the body. Thus it is seen that it would be equally sensible to sanctify the functions of eating, breathing, circulating the blood, eliminating waste matter and so forth, as to set apart the sex function for special reverence. So the acid test of logic reduces the sacredness of sex to a pure absurdity, and along with it the much-esteemed double standard of morality. Now, with the abolition of the double standard, is it not worth while to question the validity of all our conventional standards of morality? Why not get down to foundation principles, and base our standard solely on expediency? As a matter of fact, what other foundation is there for morality? The whole problem is bound up in that terse formula of equal freedom, " Every person has an equal right to do whatsoever he wills." The word " equal " in this sentence is its key. It postulates expediency. Without that word the sentence stands as the dictum of the strongest—" Might is right." There is no action to which the foregoing formula may not be applied. It is obvious, then, that a woman has a right to do whatsoever she wills with her own body. The manner in which she deems it expedient to use her body is of no concern to anyone else, so long as she uses it non-invasively. And that freedom must necessarily apply to every part and every function of her body. Let us not mince matters: the free woman is earning her own living. And it is not for us to question the manner in which she does it. Perhaps she does it by singing—her vocal organs are not sacred. Possibly she performs some manual labour—her hands are not sacred; or some mental labour—her brain is not sacred; or, again, she may have a beautiful body and pose for artists—her beauty is not sacred. Finally, she may deem it most expedient, as a means of obtaining a livelihood, to sell sex favours: can we stand the crucial test and say that her sexual organs are not sacred? Obviously we must. There is no escaping it, and, having established that proposition, we must accept the corollaries. Hence the impropriety of condemning or criticising or blaming her for supporting herself by the means last named, is apparent. She is only exercising her right, and is doing it in a non- August 15th, 1913 THE NEW FREEWOMAN 97 invasive way. We must defend her right; it should be inviolable. And, while the law of equal freedom does not compel us to associate with her, it is certainly an evidence of lurking superstition if, for no other reason, we withdraw from her society. Society, as at present constituted, refers to her course of conduct as prostitution. We have only to consider the etymology of this word to see that its use has been perverted to that of a reprehensive epithet, and in this sense it should become obsolete. When we have banished the ghosts that have handed down to us their antiquated standards of morality, then, without the use of a term, the mere application of which is a condemnation, we shall be able to speak calmly and naturally of a woman who earns her daily bread by means of her sexual organs. The use to which the sex-working woman puts her body differs only in degree—and sometimes not in that—from that to which most married women subject theirs. The woman who deliberately marries, without love, for money, position, a home or children, needs only to be mentioned to be placed in the same category. And even when sexual favours are granted for love, there is no denying the quid pro quo. As long as anything—love, caresses, money, support, a name, or what-not—is exacted or accepted in payment therefor, what differentiates one voluntary sex-association from another? The trouble with the usual treatment of the problem is that the biological factor is overlooked. There is a difference between the male and female of all Christian peoples that is only slightly apparent in the people of the rest of the world. The logical deduction from this fact is that the asceticism which the Christian religion has imposed upon women for nineteen centuries has so atrophied her organs and suspended their functions that in varying degrees the sexual desire has been extinguished, the natural result of such long-continued suppression of normal instincts. The male, not having been subjected to that rigorous discipline, has retained his normal desires. The result is a demand on his part for sexual satisfaction greatly in excess of the natural supply, with the inevitable consequence of a rise to correspond in the value of the supply. Hence, a premium that can be, and is, exacted and paid. The character of the consideration is of concern only to the contracting parties. If women will be free, they must demand freedom for all of their sex and for all of their non-invasive activities. There must be no discrimination against those women whose means of support differ from those of some others. There must be no discrimination on the point of respectability— no class distinction. And, if the true spirit of equal freedom is to be observed, there should be mutual helpfulness; furthermore, if any advantage is to be gained through trade-unionism, sex-working women should be encouraged to organise, to the end that a scale of prices may be adopted and maintained, mutual insurance secured, disease prevented and health preserved. Under such conditions, there is no reason why sex labour with full knowledge of all modern preventives and prophylactics, should be more hazardous than any other of the gainful occupations open to women. The foregoing is offered for serious consideration, since what is known as prostitution cannot be abolished, even if that were desirable (which has by no means been demonstrated). It is of such magnitude, so many women are engaged in it, that it cannot be ignored. No movement for women's emancipation, standing any reasonable chance of success, can afford to deny recognition to this branch of feminine industry and it must be envisaged in any plan of reform. Clarence Lee Swartz. [The differences between our point of view and that of our contributor of course turn upon the question of " property " and the " expediency " of selling the person (man's or woman's) into the " employ " of others. We redirect attention to the editorial " The heart of the question" which appeared in the last issue of The New Freewomax. Other aspects of the above contribution are referred to in the present issue.—Ed., The New Freewomax.] Correspondence. Note to Correspondents— While quite -willing to publish letters under noms de plume, we make it a condition of publication that the name and address of each correspondent should be supplied to the Editor. —Ed. THE SENTIMENTALISTS, To the Editor of The New Freewoman. Madam, I send you a quotation from the "Daily Herald" of August 4th: " Mr. Lansbury concluded by saying: ' I more than ever think the prison system damnable.' Who in his position would not think the same ?" Mr. Laurence Housman in an article in the same issue clamours for the names of the men who visited a certain Piccadilly flat about which there has been a law-case. Now, what on earth would be the good of publishing these names he is so cross with Mr. McKenna for withholding? Whom would it benefit? Whereas no end of innocent people—wives, sisters, mothers, children—would be quite needlessly involved in the publicity. One cannot accuse one such as Mr. Laurence Housman of sharing the vulgar curiosity which is the greatest evil of modern life and which makes of the newspapers the most dangerous disturbing factor in our civilisation, but one cannot approve the hunger he shares with so many others to provoke strife—from public down to private life. Whatever Mr. McKenna's motive is in withholding these names is a matter of absolute indifference. The result is excellent as it spares publicity for many an innocent person and prevents, perhaps, many a quite unnecessary domestic trouble. M. C. SALVATION AND SUFFRAGISM. To the Editor of The New Freewoman. Madam, Sentimentality lies thick upon militant suffragism. I take for example a tract-story (with a regular tract title: " God and the Devil ") told by Miss Sylvia Pankhurst in the " Daily Herald " for July 31st, about her visiting a tenement house to talk to the women about the vote (just like the Salvation Army people used to talk about " the Lord " and as Miss Sylvia Pankhurst would have done had she been born 30 years before she was—but: the Salvation Army ne nourrit plus son homme, as the French say) where she met a young girl (" with nicely formed hands and wrists ") who found it " hard to keep straight " (this being always the most important consideration in the Salvation—I mean suffrage mind) on the wages she earned. Miss S. Pankhurst goes on to say how a few days afterwards having sent someone to see her SHE WAS GONE. The tract ends " What had become of her? Had it been too hard to keep straight?" Perhaps she had got married or gone into domestic service, but they always see the black side, these 98 THE NEW FREEWOMAN August 15th, 1913 tract people, having the shiver of the reader in view. I have a sort of vague recollection that when I was a child the servants in the kitchen read stuff like this labelled " A true story." It very likely is about as true—this narrative of Miss S. Pankhurst's. And whether it is, or is not, is indifferent for what is required is to prove something. And that it does not do. Now I do not intend to go into this maudlin story in detail because I shall not convince the fools who " took it down " that it is just a trap to catch them— besides fools were meant to be caught in traps and the people who set them render the rest of the world a service by doing so. Moreover fools do not read The New Freewoman and readers of The New Freewoman are not gulled by tracts. I wish to point out—and if what I intend to say is of any value it will prove that nothing is entirely wasted or harmful, not even Miss S. Pankhurst's catchpenny literature—all this letter suggests in the way of assistance to be given a girl who is developing tuberculosis in a tenement house. If the people who have the courage and energy to visit tenement houses were not cranks or climbers, people working not for their own advancement or that of others, they would help a young girl like the one described by Miss S. Pankhurst to become a farm-hand, they would go to the railway companies and, instead of plaguing those in influential positions to get them votes, ask for cheap fares into the country for poor citizens who have contracted for work in the provinces. I do not know much about English farm-life but enough about it to realise that this suggestion is perfectly practicable. For instance, the honest, hard-working farmers of Cumberland—no more deserving race—have the greatest difficulty in finding assistance. It is all very well to be always working on one's pity by describing poverty—that is not difficult, but it is downright bad faith to do so when you know—or ought to know, and before going in for philanthropy it would be as well to make some inquiries—how easily the remedy can be supplied. On a Cumberland farm the servants are given the best of the excellent home-cooked food, they take their meals at a common table with their masters, with whom they work side by side; the system is, therefore, democratic; they have plenty of company, jollity and freedom; no responsibilities, no taxes, no rent; they are sufficiently paid. And if the conditions do not suit them how easy it is for them to change their situations or to ask for other terms seeing that the demand for servants is so much in excess of the supply. People who would in this way help to save the agonising agricultural industry of England would act like patriots. But who cares for his country, nowadays? Sentimentality is what is gone in for as the surest means of attaining advancement. There is no reason at all why a healthy single woman should starve in England since domestic service is always open to her. " But why should she enter domestic service if she does not feel inclined to?" you ask and I answer " Who in this world does what he feels inclined to? What obligatory work is not a drudgery? There are no pleasant ways of working for one's living, work is only pleasant when you haven't got to live by it. And yet without work—what becomes of us? Why, work is the solace of the unimaginative, and the solace of the too imaginative also." Never talk to me about young girls starving in London (unless they are tuberculous or crippled, in which case homes and hospitals must be open to them) when they could make any conditions they liked as domestic servants if they only had the sense. And if they haven't any sense then they must go to the wall and the sooner the better. It is the law. Only some people who have the zeal to do so might give themselves the trouble to probe for what latent sense there might be about and if to be found direct in the right channels. But, instead, they prefer to make " rebels " of them and thus send them to starvation for a certainty. For, as soon as the rebellious leader meets with success in his enterprise he invariably settles down to order—necessarily so— and leaves the others in the lurch and to pay the piper. So it has always been since the world began. One is only a " rebel " so long as one is unsuccessful. Yours truly, " Tiens Ferme." EDITORIAL. Letters, andc., intended for the Editor should be personally addressed: Ainsdale, England. PUBLICATION. All business communications relative to the publication of The New Freewoman should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, andc, made payable to The New Freewoman Ltd., Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C., and should be crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." Terms of Subscription.—Yearly, 14/- (U.S.A. 3 dollars 50 cents); Six Months, 7/- (U.S.A., 1 dollar 75 cents); Three Months, 3/6 (U.S.A., 90 cents). Single Copies 7d., post free to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS. All orders, letters, andc, concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Advertisement Manager, The New Freewoman, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. PROFESSIONAL WOMAN with one child (2 years) wants an educated Freewoman to take entire charge of her small household; N.W. district. Salary £26.—Box No. 1, "The New Free= woman," Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C, To Foreign Despots. -----An----- Order of Individualists, who do not want to be driven to attack Society, as the only way of gaining toleration for their own higher ideals, wish to hear of an Island on which they can try to lead the Better Life, without being pursued and annexed, and converted against their will into criminal Anarchists, by a Christian .... Government. Address : The Chancellor of the Angel Club, c/o The New Freewoman. August 15th, 1913 THE NEW FREEWOMAN 99 THOUSAND CLUB MEMBERSHIP for the establishment of THE NEW FREEWOMAN. The New Freewomax undertaking is entered upon in the knowledge that the philosophy of which The Freewoman was the vehicle has roused a vital interest among a steadily-widening circle of thinking people, and it is particularly on account of the further knowledge that this circle has widened even since The Freewoman ceased to appear, that we are prepared to assume gladly the responsibility which is inseparable from any journal not abundantly financed. We feel, however, that once the initial step of inaugurating the paper has been taken, responsibility for its continuance must rest with its readers, upon whose attention is urged the fact that no paper can be secure which has not a substantial permanent subscription-circulation, as its basis. With The New Freewomax we hope to reduce productional cost to sixpence per copy, which sum we charge to the public. We believe that no more than in the case of any other commodity, should a paper be offered to the public at a figure less than cost price. To keep down the annual charge of The New Freewoman, and also to relieve the promoters of much anxiety, it has been decided to change the weekly issue into a fortnightly one, the dates of publication being limited to the 1st and 15th of each month. This arrangement will be maintained until there are 2,000 direct subscribers on the books. When we have secured these we can reduce the price and set about considering a weekly issue. THOUSAND CLUB MEMBERSHIP. To secure this quota of 2,000 direct subscribers we are pushing forward the Thousand Club Membership scheme in England. This scheme, devised originally in the paper's interests in America, where it is already being carried into effect by influential friends, has for its object the gathering together into a Club Membership a thousand readers of The New Freewoman who are willing to finance the paper to the extent of £1 (5 dollars in U.S.A.) by taking out forthwith a long-length direct subscription of eighteen months (thirty-six numbers), thus giving the paper the necessary support and backing during the first difficult year of its independent existence. The Membership Schemes are intended to furnish the necessary organisation. Membership forms are given below. Friends of The New Freewoman are earnestly asked to give their assistance to secure their successful completion during the next twelve months. They are asked either to send for forms to fill up from the Hon. Treasurer, or to make out a form on the lines of the draft given below. The filled-in forms should be returned to one of the Hon. Treasurers:— Miss Harriet Shaw Weaver, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C., England. Miss Edxa Kenton, 240, West 15th Street, New York City, U.S.A. Miss Marjorie Jones, City National Bank, Evanston, Ill., U.S.A. Thousand Club Membership Form. I wish to become a member of the Thousand Club Membership, and herewith enclose the sum of £1 (5 dollars, U.S.A.), this being the price of an eighteen months' subscription to The New Freewoman. Name............................................................................................................... Address............................................................................................................ Date....................................... *a11 Cheques, Money Orders, and Postal Orders should be crossed "Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch," and made payable to the new freewoman, ltd. Ordinary Subscription Form. Please send me The New Freewoman for..............................from.................................for which I enclose ....................., and continue until countermanded. Name.......................................................... ................................................... Address............................................................................................................ Orders should be sent to Miss HARRIET SHAW WEAVER, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, w.c., and should be crossed and made payable as indicated above.* THE NEW FREEWOMAN LTD.—A company to own the paper has been formed, in which a limited number of persons have interested themselves financially. As the company is a private one, the number of shareholders is restricted to fifty and no public request for the taking up of shares can be made. Anyone, however, who is interested can be supplied with all necessary information by applying to the Secretary of the company, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. 100 THE NEW FREEWOMAN August 15th, 1913 SOME OPINIONS ON THE FREEWOMAN. FRANCIS GR1ERSON.—I predict for you brilliant success in the near future. No new movement will succeed that gives quarter to the blind forces of the material. The psychic, being superior, will over-ride the materia), and that is what is occurring in certain parts of the world notably in America. H. G. WELLS.—I rejoice beyond measure in the revival of The Freewoman. Its policy even at its worst was a wholesome weekly irritant, and its columns were more illuminating and entertaining than anything since Mr. Frank Harris's " Saturday Review." EDWARD CARPENTER.—The Freewoman did so well during its short career under your editorship, it was so broad-minded and courageous, that its cessation has been a real loss to the cause of free and rational discussion of human problems. HAVELOCK ELLIS.—I admire so much the energy and courage of The Freewoman that I am really sorry I cannot identify myself more closely with its spirit and outlook. No doubt a newspaper requires both funds and publicity. The first is usually difficult to obtain, but I scarcely think you can complain on the second head. Considering the inevitable difficulties, the limited appeal of so revolutionary a journal, and the closure of the usual method of procuring publicity, it is wonderful how widely the paper is known. REGINALD WRIGHT KAUFFMAN, Author of "Daughters of Ishmael."—The Freewoman was a torch in the night. I am glad indeed that that torch is to be rekindled, and I shall always be at your command to do whatever I can to help to guard the flame. BENJ. R. TUCKER, Thirty years Editor of New York "Liberty."—I consider your paper the most important publication in existence. EDEN PHILLPOTTS.—I am delighted to learn that The Freewoman is not dead, but merely in a fainting condition from lack of necessary nourishment. May she soon be her dashing self again. MRS. G. BERNARD SHAW.—I am really glad to hear that there is a chance of restarting The Freewoman, for though there has been much I have not agreed with, I think it is a valuable medium of self-expression for a clever set of young men and women. CHARLES LAPWORTH, Editor of the " Daily Herald."—It was while Mrs. Lapworth and I were leading the lives of tramps in Italy that we were first introduced to The Freewoman, and we fell in love with its fine upstanding, vigorous attitude towards " Life Problems. " I hope it will go on. EDNA KENTON (Hon. Secretary, The New Freewoman Committee, New York).—I cannot tell you how unreservedly I admire your courage and your standpoint. Until the advent of The Freewoman I had not had the same feeling of breathless wonder at the voicing of heretofore unprinted things since reading "The Ego and Its Own." CHARLES T. HALLINAN (Associate Editor, " Chicago Evening Post ").—I am delighted that The Freewoman is again to take the field. There is work for it to do here as well as in England. I believe that a large and intelligent minority in the suffrage movement in this country is ready for the discussion of something else besides votes. It may take them some time to get used to the libertarian emphasis of The Freewoman, but they will be able at once to recover through its columns a perspective of the woman's movement which, through no fault of its own, is suffering at present from an excess of politicians and a shortage of general ideas. FLOYD DELL on The Freewoman in " Studies in Modern Feminism."—She provokes thought. And she welcomes it. She wants everybody to think—not her thought necessarily, nor the right thought always, but that which they can and must. She is a propagandist, it is true. But she does not create a silence and call it conversion. She stimulates her readers to cast out the devils that inhabit their souls—fear, prejudice. She helps them to build up their lives on a basis of will—the exercise, not the suppression, of will. She indurates them to the world. She liberates them to life. C. F. HUNT (Chicago).—Every progressive individual I know will hear from me in regard to making the future of your paper secure. LUCIAN CARY (Chicago).—The Freewoman is one of those forces which are proving all the old generalizations about women untrue. MRS. HUMPHREY WARD on The Freewoman in "The Times."—A newspaper has recently appeared amongst us which is written by women of high education who, generally 6peaking, sign their names to what they write. The paper shows in some respects conspicuous ability, and is, I believe, eagerly read.. .. The doctrine of the economic independence of women which is everywhere part and parcel of the Suffrage movement leads, in the case of this ably-written paper, to strange results.. .. Arguments against the immoral permanence of marriage, complete freedom of union under the guidance of passion between men and women, and other speculations and contentions with regard to the relations of the sexes.. .. These matters and the handling of them shed a flood of light on certain aspects of the "Woman Movement." ... It seems to me, and to others, what they (i.e., Suffragists) have no right to do is to ignore this dark and dangerous side of the "Woman Movement." EARL PERCY on The Freewoman in the "Morning Post."—With regard to the Church League, the welcome (to The Freewoman) would appear to be equally cordial, if less official. In the issues of The Freewoman for July 11th and July 18th, appear letters from the Rev. ----, a member of the League. In the first case the letter is placed close to one entitled "The Children of the State," advocating open immorality, which hardly seems a suitable situation for a clergyman's letter. In his second letter, however, he says: " It is refreshing. .. to meet somebody who has the courage to champion," andc. This refers to the Editor, whose courage in that particular issue took the form of an article entitled "The immorality of the Marriage Contract." So that on one page a clergyman writes on "The Idea of God," and on another the marriage state is described as immoral. Presumably "The Idea of God" is, in his opinion, quite consistent with this view of marriage. If the Church League is not in sympathy with the doctrines of The Freewoman, why does one of its members, an eminent divine of the Church of England, correspond with it? MORNING POST Editorial on The Freewoman."—The battle, then (i.e., the women's), is against society, and naturally there is a tendency to alliance with the Socialist Party, who have also a quarrel with out established institutions. A Socialist feminist organ, the The Freewoman, preaches the new doctrine with a great deal of vigour and frankness. THE FORUM (New York, October, 1912).—The Freewoman came with the incredible heresy that the woman movement was nothing if not an effort on the part of the women to lift themselves for ever out of the "servant" class and to place themselves definitely and finally among the "masters," using their faculties, like all masters, for the upbuilding and development of their own personalities and the advancement of their own personal aims CURRENT OPINION (New York, January, 1913).—The feminist movement has evolved its superwoman; or rather, the superwoman is the ultimate expression of that new philosophy of feminism preached by the daring " humanist " review, the London Freewoman. THE AMERICAN REVIEW OF REVIEWS (FRANCES BJORKMAN, quoted in December, 1912).—The writer of The Freewoman editorials has shot into the literary and philosophical firmament as a star of the first magnitude. Although practically unknown before the advent of The Freewoman last November, she speaks always with the quietly authoritative air of the writer who has arrived. Her style has beauty as well as force and clarity. Merely as an essayist she makes us wonder why we have never heard of her before. "THE CHICAGO EVENING POST (October, 1912).—Year by year The Freewoman, if unhampered, will precipitate for the English and the American woman's movements some new and lasting conceptions of the vital problems which confront us. Some of these expressions of opinion were written to the Editor under the impression that the old paper would be revived. For reasons unnecessary to enlarge upon, that plan has been abandoned in favour of the present plan of commencing an entirely new and separate publication. Printed by Robert Johnson and Co., Ltd., 28, Tulketh Street, Southport, and published by the Proprietors, The New Freewoman, Ltd., at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C.