The Crisis THE CRISIS TEN CENTS OCTOBER 1919 FRANK WALTS CHILDREN'S NUMBER NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE President Secretary MOORFIELD STOREY JOHN R. SHILLADY Chairman Board of Directors Director of Publications and Research MARY WHITE OVINGTON DR . w. E. B. DUBOIS Acting Treasurer Field Secretary MAJOR J. E. SPINGARN JAMES WELDON JOHNSON Assistant Secretary WALTER F. WHITE During the last three days of August the daily press reported the following: August 28: Eli Cooper, a Negro, was shot to death in a church at Ocmulgee, Ga., by a mob. The church was then burned. Other churches and a lodge hall in the vicinity were burned. August 30: A mob stormed the jail at Knoxville, Tenn., in search of Maurice F. Mays, a Negro, who had been arrested on suspicion in connection with the murder of a white woman. The mob looted the jail, released prisoners, captured large quantities of confiscated whiskey and raged through the streets of the city. Race rioting developed. August 31: Lucius McCarthy, a Negro, accused of an attack on a white woman, was lynched at Bogalusa, La., his body dragged through the streets and then burned. The N. A. A. C. P. combats race rioting, mob violence and race discrimination. It has 2J0 branches and 79,500 members. Its strength should be doubled and quadrupled. If you want to form a branch in your community, write to the National Office, 70 Fifth Ave. But first join. Sign the blank below. THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE National Office, 70 Fifth Ave., New York City Date 1919 The CRISIS it sent without further charge, to members paying two dollars or more. Major J. E. Spingarn, Acting Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. SIR: I enclose $ in payment of membership dues for one year in the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, with the stipulation that one dollar of any amount remitted herewith in excess of one dollar is for one year's subscription to TH E CRISIS. Name Street City and State First hand information regarding the assault upon the secretary of the National Association at Austin, Texas, August 22, can be obtained from the following three leaflets: The National Secretary in Texas and an Account of the Texas Branches, by John R. Shillady. Is Mob Violence Texas' Solution of the Race Problem? by Mary White Ovington, reprint from The Independent. In Texas, by James Weldon Johnson, reprint from the New York Age. These leaflets are five cents for the three. One Dollar for bunches of 25. THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURCHARDT DU BOISi AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Vol. 18—No. 6 OCTOBER, 1919 Whole No. 108 PICTURES Page COVER. Portrait of Hazel Henley. Frank Walts. PICTURES of Seventy-four Colored Children. BUST OF A NEGRO CHILD After Paolo S. Abbate 30 5 CARNEGIE. A Cartoon. Porter 30 6 ARTICLES FATHER LOVE. A Poem. Leslie Pinckney Hill 28 9 A FAIRY STORY. Carry S. Bond 29 0 CHICAGO AND ITS EIGHT REASONS. With Illustrations. Walter F. White 29 3 THE RIOT A T LONGVIEW, TEXAS 29 7 DEPARTMENTS OPINION 28 3 THE OUTER POCKET 287 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 293 THE LOOKING GLASS 300 THE HORIZON 307 COMING ISSUES OF THE CRISIS The November CRISIS will be sixty-eight paces in size and fifteen cents in price. It will be full of new interest. The December CRISIS will be our annual Christmas Number, with its cover in colors and holiday cheer. TEN CENTS A COPY ; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANG E O F ADDRESS : The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the post office at New York New York under the Act of March 3, 1879. National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it is young in history, the Institution feels a just pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teacher Training Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Arts and Science* The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economics The Department of Social Service NEXT TERM OPENED SEPTEMBER 22, 1919 For further information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina The Cheyney Train ing School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNA. A normal school of high grade for young colored men and women of good abilities, who desire to prepare themselves to be teachers. Courses include the regular academic and professional subjects, and special departments in domestic art, domestic science, manual training and agriculture. Board and tuition $125. Next regular term began Thursday, September 18, 1910. Summer school for teachers in active service, four weeks beginning July I. Board and tuition for the month $20.00. For further particulars and catalog write Leslie Pindoiey Hill, Principal. Cheyney, PennjL A. and T. COLLEGE GREENSBORO, N. C. The NEGRO AGRICULTURAL and TECHNICAL COLLEGE offers to the Negro youth of the state opportunities that none can afford to neglect. 1. The English Department offers practical courses in Literary Training. 2. Mechanical graduates and undergraduates take high rank in Mechanical pursuits such as Carpentry, Bricklaying, Plastering, Blacksmithing, Auto-Mechanics and Broom-making, etc. 3. The Agricultural Department gives students carefully ai ranged work both in theoretical and practical branches of agriculture, as Dairying, Greenhouse Work, Poultry, Bee Culture, Field Crops, etc. 4. The Teacher Training Department prepares young men to meet the demands for trained industrial teachers. Graduates will find a useful and remunerative field. 5. The Reserve Officers' Training Corps, under direct supervision of U . S. Officers gives Physical and Military Training. Free uniforms in four years (4) worth about $160.00, and those who successfully and satisfactorily complete the first two years work cash fees allowed amounting to over $100.00 annually. Graduates from this division will be eligible for a commission from the President of the United States for position as Second Lieutenants in the U . S. Army. 6. Night School for those who cannot attend the Day Classes. Fall Term began September 1st, 1019. Lodeing capacity limited to ISO students. Those preferring to room on campus should arrange	 Lodging Reservations at once. For further information, address J. B. DUDLEY. President Mention THE CRISIS Atlanta University Is beautifully located In the City 01 Atlanta, Ga. The courses of atudy Include High Bohvoi, Normall School and College, with Manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduate of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Fifty years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the south. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further Information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Virginia Union University RICHMOND, VA. Three Departments, College, Theological and High School. Work of highest grade. Pre-medical course in College. Thoroughness and accuracy emphasized. New year began September 29th. For information address the President. 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1919 ATLANTA, GEORGIA Beautiful campus overlooking the city. Comfortable buildings with modem coo sentences. Talented faculty; vigorous, religious atmosphere; excellent library and laboratories; co-educational; athletics. Admission only by application. Courses of Study: Domestic So enee. Public Speaking, Mutlo; Pre-Academy, Seventh and Eighth Grades. Academy or Hfjrh. School, four years with diploma. Pre-Medical, two years above academy. Normal, two years above academy with diploma. College, four years with A B degree. Fiftieth year opened September -4. 1919. Expenses, (15.00 per month will cover all necessary expanses, HARRY ANDREWS KING, President, The Florida Agricultural ana Mechanical College Offers courses to leading certificates, diplomas and degrees. Nathan B. Young, President Tallahassee, Florida WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gathered from ten different states. Strong' it Music Department in the West K. W. D0OA2J, President MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School A n institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the enly institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information, address JOHN HOPE, President. FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE. N. C Biddle University operated under the auspices of toe Northern Presbyterian Church, has four Departments—Limb School. Arts and Sciences Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course is the requirement for entrance to the first rear of the Hub SchooL The School of Arts and Sciences offers two courses of study, the Classical and the Scientific In the scientific. German is subsUtuted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class Is 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first Is purely Knguah. Greek and Hebrew are taught in ude others. All students In the High School Dept. are required to take trades In the Industrial Dept. For further Information, address President H. L. MoCrerty, Chsrlotte, N. C Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga . Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of special ists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Chris tian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses rea sonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College Preparatory, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training. Sewing. Printing and Tailoring. First Semester began September 10, 1919. Fo r further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board Mention THE CRISIS MEDICAL COLLEGE OF HOWARD UNIVERSITY Next Session Opens October 1, 1919 ADMISSION Candidates for admission must be graduates of approved Colleges or Scientific Schools with two years of instruction, including laboratory work, in physics, chemistry and biology, English, mathematics and French or German, or graduates of recognized high schools with two years of instruction, including laboratory work, in physics, chemistry and biology, English, mathematics and French or German. INSTRUCTION The course of instruction occupies four years, and especial emphasis is laid upon practical work in the laboratories, in the wards of the Freedman's Hospital and in the Dispensary. Full corps of instructors, well equipped laboratories, unexcelled hospital facilities. The Medical College is rated in Class A by the Council on Medical Education of the American Medical Association and is a member of the Association of American Medical Colleges. Recognized by the Conjoint Board of England. THE DENTAL COLLEGE Requires for admission the completion of a recognized four-year high school course. The course of instruction occupies four years. Unexcelled facilities for practical work. THE PHARMACEUTICAL COLLEGE Requires for admission the completion of a recognized four-year high school course. The course of instruction occupies three years and leads to the degree of Pharmaceutical Chemist. The annual announcement, application blanks and additional information concerning either course may be obtained by addressing WILLIAM C. McNEILL, Secretary Fifth and W Streets, N.W., Washington, D. C. 1875 STATE 1919 AGRICULTURAL AND MECHANICAL COLLEGE FOR NEGROES NORMAL, ALABAMA A COMBINATION HARD TO BEAT A Thorough English Education Combined with a Trade WHAT TRADE WOULD YOU LIKE TO TAKE? Trades for Boys, 12 Trades for Girls, 7 Trades for both Sexes 2 SUMMARY OF OUR GRADUATES 1875-1919 Department of Academics 19-1* t Department of Agriculture Department of Household Economics "/ *JJ Department of Mechanic Arts !..'![! ]" " \ 2 2 * 2266 WHAT THEY ARE DOINGPrincipals of district schools 163 Editors and Journalists o Teachers in rural schools 296 Bookkeepers , \ Principals in secondary or high schools.. 24 u. S. Farm Demonstrators Teachers in grammar or high schools.... 90 Undertakers and Embalmers I Doctors 41 Contractors and Builders a Lawyers 5 u. S. Bureau of Education ? Dentists 8 Farmers Pharmacists 3 Housekeepers . Jo? Druggists .... . 10 Dead and unaccounted" for Working at trades 302 &lt;""&gt; Bankers 1 _ . , — V. S. Government Service 38 Total 226Q Jeanes teachers 7 Directors of hook establishments 2 Soldiers in the Great Wa r STATE AND UNITED STATES APPROPRIATIONS Property consists of 182 acres of land, 20 buildings for all purposes Hvn .»„„v ..... eauisment valued at $202,000. Send for catalog today. purposes, live stock and general WALTER 8. BUCHANAN, President. Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS Vol. 18-No. 6 OCTOBER, 1919 Whole No. 108 Opinion OfW.E. B. DuBois SHILLADY AND TEXAS THERE was once a man who said that if he owned Hell and Texas, he would prefer to rent out Texas and live in Hell. He may have exaggerated, but he had some supporting facts: Texas was settled by white Southerners in order to extend slave territory; it was forcibly stolen from Mexico in 1837, largely because Mexico tried to abolish slavery in 1829. Thereupon Texas became a center of the African slave trade and the "most shameful violations" of United States slave trade laws were perpetrated through Texas. During the years of Texan independence slaves were rushed in at the rate of 15,000 or more a year and the annexation of Texas and the Mexican War were movements to extend Negro slavery. Out of this past has risen the present Texas. In that state the first public burning alive of a Negro took place, at Pa.ris. Since 1889 Texas has lynched 338 human beings—standing second only to Georgia and Mississippi in this horrible eminence. Notwithstanding this, the Texas Negro has forged forward. Encouraged by his first great leader, Norris Wright Cuney, he has bought 21,182 farms with nearly two million acres of land, worth $25,000,000. Starting with nothing fifty years ago nearly one-third of these black folk are now land owners. To reward the Negroes for their thrift and struggles Texas gives them no voice in their own government, taxes them without representation and enforces " Jim-Crow" travel, more irksome than in any other state because of the immense Texas distances. The Negro schools of Texas are better than in many Southern States and there are forty-four high schools for the 690,049 Negroes of the state, but 25 per cent of the Negro population is still absolutely illiterate and according to the white Houston Post: "The rural schools for Negro children where they exist at all are a joke." Is it not natural for the Negroes of such a state to endeavor to escape slavery ? 283 They turned to the N. A. A. C. P. quite without solicitation. We made no special effort to organize branches in Texas, but 7,000 black Texans joined us to help make twelve million Americans "physically free from peonage, mentally free from ignorance, politically free from disfranchisement and socially free from insult." Is this revolution? Is this "stirring up trouble?" It is—in Texas, and to stop it a number of Texas gentlemen leaped on one unsuspecting, unarmed man and beat him nearly into unconsciousness, because he had come to their state to confer with colored and white people in the interests of this organization. Mr. Shillady is a gentleman of training and experience, known to social workers all over the land. He was set upon by a judge, a constable and other officials, who have openly boasted their lawlessness and have been upheld by the Governor of the State. This is Texas. This is the dominant white South. This is the answer of the Coward and the Brute to Reason and Prayer. This is the thing that America must conquer before it is civilized, and as long as Texas is this kind of Hell, civilization in America is impossible. BYRNES YOU have, perhaps, noticed our double-page advertisement in the Congressional Record, due to the kindness of our good friend James Francis Byrnes, of South Carolina. Congressman Byrnes is from the Second District and a confrere of the late Congressman James W. Ragsdale, who died suddenly during the Washington riots. The Congressional Districts of these two gentlemen have about 400,000 inhabitants and probably 80,000 of these are males of voting age, the majority beinj: Negroes. Mr. Byrnes CRISIS was elected to Congress by a vote of 7,681 ballots out of a total of 7,801 ballots cast. In the Second District of New York it took, the same year, 46,141 votes to make an election and 24,064 of these to elect a Congressman; but all this is not necessary in South Carolina. Yet Mr. Byrnes, representing with out any legal authority the sup pressed votes of 12,000 white men and 20,000 blacks, stands in Congress and talks just as loud—indeed, con siderably louder—than Mr. Caldwell of New York. Mr. Byrnes is alarmed, and so are we. He is alarmed over us and we over him. He accuses TH E CRISIS and other Negro journals of causing not only the Washington and Chicago riots, but the whole unrest and dissatisfaction in the Negro race. We accuse Mr. Byrnes, and his kind, of being primarily the ones who not only precipitated the riots in Washington, Chicago, Atlanta, Houston, Longview and East St. Louis, but also of encouraging for fifty years the lynch ing of 4,000 Negroes, the disfran chisement of a million and a half voters, the enforced ignorance of three million human beings and the theft of hundreds of millions of dol lars in wages, but particularly the theft of the highest privilege of a freeman—our vote and our self-re spect. Following the advice and example of the alarmed Mr. Byrnes, we have called this situation "to the attention of" the President, the Attorney- General and the United States Congress "with the request that they have pro ceedings instituted" against Byrnes, under the Fourteenth Amendment of the Constitution of the United States. And we have intimated to them in the chaste language of our friend that "steps should be taken against the use" of the Congressional Record "for the Bolshevik and the I. W. W." Meantime, may we not cordially OPINION 285 thank Congressman Byrnes for allowing some seventy-five millions of our fellow-citizens to read a CRISIS editorial which might otherwise have reached a bare million? BALLS THE CRISIS noted with exceed ing interest last summer four social gatherings; there were doubtless many others, but these came especially under our eye: the balls of the Pythians and Elks at Atlantic City, where some 15,000 colored folk danced on the great Young's Pier; the ball of the National Medical Association at Newark; and of form and robing, for fine fellowship and joy of life it may well be doubted if these gatherings have ever been equalled in the United States. Assemble the nations of earth and say what you will, there is nothing in white Europe or America that can measure up to the wonderful colorings of flesh, grace of movement and rhythm of music such as Black America can furnish. To all this is being subtly added the appropriate richness and color of gown and the gentle manner based on deep, human sympathy. We are discovering at last the long-veiled beauty of our own world. THE NATIONAL BAPTIST PUBLISHING HOUSE H E CRISIS was in error last month in its interpretation of the decision of the Chancery Court of Tennessee in regard to the National Baptist Publishing House. The decree says: That there are two separate and distinct publishing boards. One is the corporation board, and the other the convention board. The convention board consisted of one member from each of the states and was elected by the convention. The convention board acted in an advisory the Sigma Pi Phi fraternity atPhiladelphia. For beauty of face and published annually for nine and supervisory capacity, but never attempted to elect the members of the corporate board. While, then, the convention board was not a part of the corporate board, nevertheless it had definite and equitable interests in the property as trustees for the beneficiaries. The corporate board is, therefore, declared the legal directors of the property, but an injunction is issued against them to restrain them in the disposition and application of the profits until the relations between the two boards can be agreed upon. THE TRUE BROWNIES THE Children's CRISIS has been years and is easily the most popular number of the year— that is, it makes the widest appeal to our readers. This is as it should be. Of course, we are and must be interested in our children above all else, if we love our race and humanity. But in the problem of our children we black folk are sorely puzzled. For example, a little girl writes us—we remember her as red-bronze and black-curled, with dancing eyes—"I want to learn more about my race, so I want to begin early / hate the white man just as much as he hates me and probably morel" Think of this from twelve little years! And yet, can you blame the child? To the consternation of the Editors of TH E CRISIS we have had to record some horror in nearly every Children's Number—in 1915, it was Leo Frank; in 1916, the lynching at Gainesville, Fla.; in 1917 and 1918, the riot and court martial at Houston, Tex., etc. This was inevitable in our role as newspaper—but what effect must it have on our children? To educate them in human hatred is more disastrous to them than to the hated; to seek to raise them in ignorance of their racial identity and peculiar situation is inadvisable—impossible. There seems but one alternative: We shall publish hereafter not ON E Children's Number a year, but TWELVE ! Messrs. DuBois and Dill will issue in November, in co-operation with TH E CRISIS, but as an entirely separate publication, a little magazine for children—for all children, but especially for ours, "the Children of the Sun." It will be called, naturally. The that THE CRISIS' Brownies' Book, and as we have ad "History of the vertised, "It will be a thing of Joy and Beauty, dealing in Happiness, Laughter and Emulation, and designed especially for Kiddies from Six to Sixteen. "It will seek to teach Universal Love and Brotherhood for all little folk—black and brown and yellow edited by Edward C. Williams, and white. Librarian of Howard "Of course, pictures, puzzles, sto formerly Librarian of Western ries, letters from little ones, clubs, Reserve University, to follow in 1921. games and oh—everything!" Deftly intertwined with this mission of entertainment will go the endeavor : (a) To make colored children realize that being "colored" is a normal, beautiful thing. (b) To make them familiar with the history and achievements of the Negro race. (c) To make them know that other colored children have grown into beautiful, useful and famous persons. (d) To teach them delicately a code of honor and action in their relations with white children. (e) To turn their little hurts and resentments into emulation, ambition and love of their own homes and companions. (/) To point out the best amusements and joys and worth-while things of life. (g) To inspire them to prepare for definite occupations and duties with a broad spirit of sacrifice. This is a great program—a tremendous task. We want the advice of all mothers and fathers, of all men CRISIS and women and children in helping us accomplish it. We can conceive of no more splendid duty at this critical hour. Write us in care of The Brownies' Book, 2 West Thirteenth Street, New York City, and—incidentally—send a One Dollar subscription for a year. THE WAR HISTORY WE are happy to announce Negro in the Revolution of 1914-1918" is progressing favorably. Two volumes are already planned. The first will be a popular narrative history, well illustrated, by Dr. DuBois, to be issued next spring; supporting this will be a volume of war documents, University and A survey of the large amount of material in the hands of the editors reveals some gaps which ought to be filled. There is still need of information concerning certain units, notably those officered by white men and especially the engineer service battalions, labor battalions, stevedore regiments, pioneer infantry regiments and the transportation corps. The material needed is of various kinds, as follows: (a) Connected narratives, in outline or detail, of the history of each unit from its organization in the United States, including training camp experiences, embarkation, instruction or service behind the lines in France and movements from place to place, with dates where they are known. (b) Official reports of operations. These are usually made at headquarters, and many officers have copies. (c) Rosters. (d) Official orders, general and special, memoranda and bulletins. (e) Reports of court martial proceedings and findings. (f) Citations and decorations for bravery. (g) Personal experiences of individuals. (h) Incidents or documents showing the discipline and morale of the colored troops and their relations with white Americans and the French. (i) Photographs, especially of officers and of men decorated for bravery, and of scenes from life at the front. Material furnished will be returned when the lender so desires. Such documents should be marked plainly with the owner's name and address. Photographs should have indicated on the back the persons or scenes they portray. If anyone feels unable by reason of lack of training to convey the information in his possession in his own words or handwriting, he should get someone to help him or send us the names and addresses of fellow- soldiers, white or colored, who may be able to give us the facts desired. Please act at once. It is a patriotic service of our race. OPHELIA Ophelia wants to be somebody's baby. She has never known the love and gentleness that most little babies find waiting when they come into the world, for her mother "gave her up" when she was very tine. She is now four months old and in splendid physical condition. She is light in color, with soft, pretty hair, and round, bright eyes. She comes of good family. If Ophelia is to grow into a healthy, happy little girl, she must have a home and the care and affection of a kind father and mother. Anyone who is interested should write immediately to The Crisis. OPHELIA The Outer Pocket Long Island City, N. Y. I am not in the habit of writing letters on public questions, but cannot resist the desire to congratulate you on your splendid fight for the colored people of the United States through your magazine, THE CRISIS. My attention has been called to your work THE CRISIS 288 by reports in the Tuesday morning papers of the criticism of you by Representative James F. Byrnes, of South Carolina. The article quoted from TH E CRISIS by Byrnes, ''Returning' Soldiers," was magnificent. It will stir the bbod. not only of colored men, but of every decent white man who hates injustice. The publicity given to your protest against the wrongs under which the colored man suffers will do the colored people more good than harm, I assure you. It is through such articles that the white people will some day be able to see the "race problem" from the colored man's viewpoint. I am a white man, but I want to assure you that no colored man views with more horror than do I the outrages perpetrated upon the colored people of Chicago and Washington. I pay tribute to the colored people of those cities for retaliating upon the white ruffians who attacked them. The colored men who fell in those conflicts died as gloriously for their race as did the colored soldiers who yielded their lives for America on the battlefields of France. M y object in writing this letter is to ask you not to believe that the majority of white men are brutes. There are thousands of white men, like myself, who sympathize with the colored people in their struggle for economic and political equality. More than that, there is a growing feel ing among decent white people that the col ored people are entitled also to absolute social equality where they prove worthy of it. What decent white man would not be proud to have the friendship of men like the late Booker T. Washington and Paul Lawrence Dunbar? I love my country because it stands for justice, even if it is not always able to enforce justice. I would love my country more if it would bring justice to my col ored brother. F. S. KELLEY. Macon, Ga. On Tuesday, May 27, I went to Milledgeville,to fill engagement of delivering the principal address at the closing of Eddie High School. Upon my arrival I found the town stirred up. The blacks had sent their young men to Macon, a distance of 38 miles, for arms and cartridges. They had sworn to protect the school closing exercises at which I had to speak. Not less than 100 men were armed with rifles, pistils and shot guns while the exercises were going on inside the First Baptist Church. The occasion for arming themselves grew out of a dispute over class colors. It happened that the Georgia Normal (white) School and the Eddie High (colored) School had chosen the same colors. The white boys met a colored boy and took his colors off him. The affair was reported to authorities. It failed t) bring results. The white students met another colored student or. succeeding day and tore from him the colors. Ore version is: The Negroes went to the authorities and stated that "We are going to protect ourselves." Another is: The mayor said to them, "I cannot stop these white boys. You Negroes will just have to protect yourselves." The latter version is very probably the correct one. At any rate, the Negroes were well armea. The beauty about it is, they were no. at all nervous. The mothers and song sweethearts, husbands and wives, all walked home together, the males carrying their guns with as much calmness as if they were going to shoot a rabbit in a hunt, or get ting ready to shoot the Kaiser's soldiers They were absolutely calm, both males and females. Milledgeville is still calm and th" race relation is very cordial at this writing. . Canada, Y. M. C. A. I wish you c:uld put me in connection with one of our people in the line of business co-operation for African produce, like palm oil, kernels, etc., which I have got at home. Before the war I could not do any business swing to the fact that our German brutes never did allow the native to branch outside Duala. ORRY N. DEIBOL. Georgetown, British Guiana. We, the undersigned, colored natives of British Guiana, do hereby tender sincere greetings and congratulations as a mark of our appreciation of the very splendid work you are undertaking on behalf of our race. Through your propaganda, you will surely compel colored people to realize that oy unity and indefatigable efforts, they will become as a people a powerful entity. JOHN J. ERSKINE. Washington, D. C. Washington, D. C. Let us hope there will soon be a real awakening to the responsibility of the white race towards their brethren of other creed? and colors. I am one of those who can realize what oppression means. We Jews have been persecuted for the past 2,000 years and should be among the first to recognize the fact that all men are created equal. HERMA N HOLLANDER. * * * Larchmont, N. Y. Surely the world Las already been too well watered with the tears and blood of the working class. Let us forget that the color of our skins is of a different shade— only remember that we are comrades in that great army, whose goal is the Cooperative Commonwealth, whose leaders you will find have always up to the present day suffered and are suffering with their health and lives, for the class struggle. Eugene Debs sits in prison for the crime of enjoying his constitutional rights of free speech in the fight for freedom of the masses and only a few miles away from the spot where John Brown was huna: in his fight for the freedom of the chattel-slave. MRS. BERNETTA BOWMAN. I am a loyal white native of American ancestry, from Lincoln, Neb. I noticed an item on your recent address in that town, and bought a copy of your remarkable paper, on Florida Avenue. I have thought over the Negro problem before and find that I must just keep on thinking. I find little to criticize and much to praise in what you print, though you seem more interested in the intelligent colored person than in the crude, plain, black man. The question of the decency of Negroes speaking to French women in public is too difficult to be decided off-hand. R. BAMAAMPHD. * * * Sault Ste. Marie, Mich. Do not let the fight stop—you have no idea how many Negroes there are who would lay down their lives in the cause of Liberty, Equality and Justice. M. F. FINNEY. St. Louis, Mo. Our "Friends" are beginning to feel the punch of TH E CRISIS; now while they are groggy, lets "hit 'em again." Finally, they will "take the count." MEMBER OF THE N. A. A. C. P. AND READER of THE- CRISIS. FATHER LOVE LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL NOT unto him does heaven grant to bend By day and night above the creamy cheek And dimpled smile of baby. 'Tis the meek, Sweet privilege of mother to attend The cradle shrine. There patience without end Wins her a beauty words can never speak. Her troubled joy has nothing more to seek Where life and love in one devotion blend. For him the heavy world, all day for him The tyrant task, the tension of the mind: But toil were vain as any froth or foam. Were not that hour to come when twilight dim Brings weariness, and father turns to find Rest with the blessed angels of his home. A Fairy Story Carry S. Bon d ONCE upon a time—a long, long, time ago, there lived in the wild and hilly country of Morocco, in a region called the Bled-el, Makhsen, a beautiful little princess. She had copper-colored skin and black hair that was exceedingly curly. When she laughed, her bright black eyes twinkled and her teeth gleamed like pearls between her full, red lips. Her name was Ean. She used to play games on the hill-sides of the Atlas Mountains, with the other children of her father's household. Sometimes they would pretend that they were mounted Arabs and that they were riding down upon another village to attack it, and sometimes they would pretend that they were fighting a neighboring tribe, and then some of them would hide in the thick holes and jump out at the others as they passed. This last was very dangerous, however, because bears and elephants and wild bears lurked in these woods and the children were forbidden to go beyond those bushes. One day while playing here they found a little ostrich that seemed to have been wounded by a wild animal and left there. The children would have stoned it, but Ean came to its rescue; she gathered it up in her arms and took it home, and, of course, being a princess, the others dared not interfere. Now this ostrich was an enchanted prince in disguise, but, of course, the children did not dream of that. Meantime, every day the gentle little princess would go and feed her new pet and look after his wounded wing before she went out to play. The other children were chiefly Berbers and Semites, but Ean's father was a Hamite, and that is why she was gentler and darker than the others. She had a little Berber cousin among them named Maga, who was also very pretty. She had very pale olive skin, with highly arched eye-brows and a thin nose, with long, straight, black hair, and her face was not as round as Ean's or her lips as -full. She did not have as nice a disposition as Ean either. She was a very selfish and quarrelsome little girl and always wanted the best of everything. When Ean was only twelve years old, her father called her to him one day and told her that it was time for her to become be trothed; that she could no longer play with the children, but must begin to dress her self in a haik and wear golden ear-rings and bracelets of silver coins. A Berber chief in a neighboring town had been se lected for her husband, but Ean had never seen him. Of course, she did not want to be married to a man whom she had never seen, although her father said that he was very rich and that she would have a great many slaves. Ean did not care for slaves or lots of money. She much preferred to play with her pet ostrich and gather figs and wild cherries and run about in the fields. However, her father said that if this chief could not marry her, he would bring war on all their tribe and it would be a great disaster, for he was the most powerful man in Northern Africa. So, of course, Ean loved her father and wanted to save 290 A FAIRY him and was willing to obey him. She was a very sad little girl when she went to bed that night, though, and wished for her mother. You see, Ean's mother had been dead a long time and Maga's mother ruled everything in the palace. She was very angry, too, that this wonderful wedding was not being planned for her daughter instead of Ean. She thought that riches were the most important things in the world, and began plotting how she could get rid of Ean and substitute Maga in her place for this wedding. Of course none of them had seen this Berber chief, or they would not have thought it such a wonderful wedding, fi r he was old and cruel and horribly ugly. He had only one eye and great teeth which protruded like tusks. But they did not know this. Several weeks passed and the morning of the wedding arrived. Everything was in readiness for the feast. Great jars of Kush-Kush were being prepared and musicians were brought from far and near. The wicked aunt had ordered the wedding garments to be laid out, then she sent Ean with an old waiting-woman down to a special pool surrounded by holy date palm trees for her bath. On her way there Ean stopped and kissed her ostrich good-bye and petted him a little, for she knew that in a very short while she would have to leave him. Now Maga's mother was planning as soon as Ean went out to dress Maga in the bridal clothes and have her married to the STORY Berber chief in Ean's place. With her face covered with a veil, who would know the difference until afterwards, for were not both girls about the same size? When the Sheik Ean's father found out, it would be too late, and if he were angry, the aunt would go and live with her own daughter, she planned. However, when the old crone and Ean reached the pool, just before the girl laid aside her garment, a horseman galloped up and stopping at the edge of the cluster of trees called out. Immediately the old woman took her head-cloth and tied it over Ean's mouth and dragged her to the horseman, but when she looked up, to her surprise she did not see the old servant whom Maga's mother had planned to send, but a handsome young Arab prince on a beautiful white horse. Before the waiting-woman could speak, he had Ean up on his horse and had taken the cloth from her mouth. Of course, you know that this was the enchanted Prince who had been disguised as an ostrich. He began explaining to Ean, as they galloped away and left the old woman standing there, that all he had needed to break the spell of his enchantment was for some beautiful maiden to kiss him, and this she had done that very morning. He was a very brave and wonderful Prince and Ean fell in love with him at once and was willing to go with him into his land, where they lived happily ever afterwards. How the wicked aunt was disappointed after she carried out her plans and how Ean's father finally went to live with her— that is another story. "THOU WHOSE EXTERIOR SEMBLANCE DOTH BELIE THY SOUL'S IMMENSITY—" Ode on the Intimations of Immortality. 292 N. A. A.C. P. CHICAGO AN D ITS EIGHT REASONS WALTER P. WHITE MAN Y causes have been assigned for the three days of race rioting, from July 27 to 30 in Chicago, each touching some particular phase of the general condition that led up to the outbreak. Labor union officials attribute it to the action of the packers, while the packers are equally sure that the unions themselves are directly responsible. The city administration feels that the riots were brought on to discredit the Thompson forces, while leaders of the anti-Thompson forces, prominent among them being State's Attorney Maclay Hoyne, are sure that the administration is directly responsible. In this manner charges and counter-charges are made, but, as is usually the case, the Negro is made to bear the brunt of it all—to be "the scapegoat." A background of strained race relations brought to a head more rapidly through political corruption, economic competition and clashes due to the overflow of the greatly increased colored population into sections outside of the so-called "Black Belt," embracing the Second and Third Wards, all of these contributed, aided by magnifying o? Negro crime by newspapers, tc the formation of a situation where only a spark was needed to ignite the flames of racial antagonism. That spark was contributed by a white youth when he knocked a colored lad off a raft at the 29th Street bathing beach and the colored boy was drowned. Four weeks spent in studying the situation in Chicago, immediately following the outbreaks, seem to show at least eight general causes for the riots, and the same conditions, to a greater or less degree, can be found in almost every large city with an appreciable Negro population. These causes, taken after a careful study in order of their prominence, are: 1.	 Race Prejudice. 2.	 Economic Competition. 3.	 Political Corruption and Exploitation of Negro Voters. 4.	 Police Inefficiency. 5.	 Newspaper Lies about Negro Crime 6.	 Unpunished Crimes Against Negroes 7.	 Housing. 8.	 Reaction of Whites and Negroes from 'War. Some of these can be grouped under the same headings, but due to the prominence of each they are listed as separate causes. Prior to 1915, Chicago had been famous for its remarkably fair attitude toward colored citizens. Since that time, when the migratory movement from the South assumed large proportions, the situation has steadily grown more and more tense. This was due in part to the introduction of many Negroes who were unfamiliar with city 293 ways and could not, naturally, adapt themselves immediately to their new environment. Outside of a few sporadic attempts, little was done to teach them the rudimentary principles of sanitation, of conduct or of their new status as citizens under a system different from that in the South. During their period of absorption into the new life, their care-free, at times irresponsible and sometimes even boisterous, conduct caused complications difficult to adjust. But equally important, though seldom considered, is the fact that many Southern whites have also come into the North, many of them to Chicago, drawn by the same economic advantages that attracted the colored workman. The exact figure is unknown, but it is estimated by men who should know that fully 20,000 of them are in Chicago. These have spread the virus of race hatred and evidences of it can be seen in Chicago on every hand. This same cause underlies each of the other seven causes. With regard to economic competition, the age-long dispute between capital and labor enters. Large numbers of Negroes were brought from the South by the packers and there is little doubt that this was done in part so that the Negro might be used as a club over the heads of the unions. John Fitzpatrick and Ed Nockels, president and secretary, respectively, of the Chicago Federation of Labor, and William Buck, editor of the New Majority, a labor organ, -openly charge that the packers subsidized colored ministers, politicians and Y . M . C. A . secretaries to prevent the colored workmen at the stockyards from entering the unions. On the other hand, the Negro workman is not at all sure as to the sincerity of the unions themselves. The Negro in Chicago yet remembers the waiters' strike some years ago, when colored union workers walked out at the command of the unions and when the strike was settled, the unions did not insist that Negro waiters be given their jobs back along with whites, and, as a result, colored men have never been able to get back into some of the hotels even to the present day. The Negro is between "the devil and the deep blue sea." He feels that if he goes into the unions, he will lose the friendship of the employers. He knows that if he does not, he is going to be met with the bitter antagonism of the unions. With the exception of statements made by organizers, who cannot be held to accountability because of their minor official connection, no statements have been made by the local union leaders, outside of high sounding, but. meaningless, protestations of friendship for the Negro worker. He feels that he has been given promises N. A. A. C. P. too long already. In fact, he is "fed up" on them. What he wants are binding statements and guarantees that cannot be broken at will. With the possible exception of Philadelphia, there is probably no city in America with more of political trickery, .chicanery and exploitation than Chicago. Against the united and bitter opposition of every daily newspaper in Chicago, William Hale Thompson was elected again as mayor, due, as was claimed, to the Negro and German vote. While it is not possible to state that the anti-Thompson element deliberately brought on the riots, yet it is safe to say that they were not averse to its coming. The possibility of such a clash was seen many months before it actually occurred, yet no steps were taken to prevent it. The purpose of this was to secure a two-fold result. First, it would alienate the Negro set from Thompson through a belief that was expected to grow among the colored vote when it was seen that the police force under the direction of the mayor was unable or unwilling to protect the colored people from assault by mobs. Secondly, it would discourage the Negroes from registering and voting and thus eliminate the powerful Negro vote in Chicago. Whether or not this results remains to be seen. In talking with a prominent colored citizen of Chicago, asking why the Negroes supported Thompson so unitedly, his very significant reply was: "The Negro in Chicago, as in every other part of America, is fighting for the fundamental rights of citizenship. If a candidate for office is wrong on every other public question except this, the Negroes are going to vote for that man, for that is their only way of se curing the things they want and that are denied them." The value of the Negro vote to Thompson can be seen in a glance at the recent election figures. His plurality was 28,000 votes. In the second ward it was 14,000 and in the third, 10 000. The second and third wards constitute most of what is known as the "Black Belt." The fourth contributing cause was the woeful inefficiency and criminal negligence of the police authorities of Chicago, both prior to and during the riots. Prostitution, gambling and the illicit sale of whisky flourish openly and apparently without any fear whatever of police interference. In a most dangerous statement, State's Attorney Maclay Hoyne, on August 25; declared that the riots were due solely to vice in the second ward. He seemed either to forget or to ignore the flagrant disregard of law and order and even of the common principles of decency in city management ex isting in many other sections of the city. Al l of this tended to contribute to open disregard for law and almost contempt for it. Due either to political "pull" or to reciprocal arrangements, many notorious dives run and policemen are afraid to arrest the proprietors. During the riots the conduct of the police force as a whole was equally open to criticism. State's Attorney Hoyne openly charged the police with arresting colored rioters and with an unwillingness to arrest white rioters. Those who were arrested were at once released. In one case a colored man who was fair enough to appear to be white was arrested for carrying concealed weapons, together with five white men and a number of colored men. Al l were taken to a police station; the light colored man and the five whites being put into one cell and the other colored men in another. In a few minutes the light colored man and the five whites were released and their ammunition given back to them with the remark, You'll probably need this before the night is over." Fifth on the list is the effect of news paper publicity concerning Negro crime. With the exception of the Daily News, all of the papers of Chicago have played up in prominent style with glaring, prejudice- breeding headlines every crime or suspected crime committed by Negroes. Headlines such as " NEGRO BRUTALLY MURDERS PROMI NENT CITIZEN," "NEGRO ROBS HOUSE" and the like have appeared with alarming fre quency and the news articles beneath such headlines have been of the same sort. During the rioting such headlines as "NEGRO BANDITS TERRORIZE TOWN," "RIOTERS BURN 100 HOMES—NEGROES SUSPECTED OF HAVING PLOTTED BLAZE" appeared. In the latter case a story was told of witnesses seeing Negroes in automobiles applying torches and fleeing. This was the story given to the press by Fire Attorney John R. McCabe after a casual and hasty survey. Later the office of State Fire Marshall Gamber proved con clusively that the fires were not caused by Negroes, but by whites. As can easily be seen such newspaper accounts did not tend to lessen the bitterness of feeling between the conflicting groups. Further, many wild and unfounded rumors were published in the press—incendiary and inflammatory to the highest degree, a few of them being given below in order to show their nature. Some are: Over 1,000 Negroes had been slain and their bodies thrown in "Bubbly Creek" and the Chicago River. A Negro had been lynched and hanged from a "Loop" building overlooking Madison Street. A white woman had been attacked and mutilated by a Negro on State Street. A Negro woman had been slain, her breasts cut off and her infant had been killed by having its brains dashed out against a wall. A white child had been outraged by a colored man. A white child had been kidnapped by a band of colored men and its body later found, badly mutilated and dismembered. Immediately following the riots, a white woman was murdered in Evanston, 111. Immediately the crime was laid at the door of a colored man with whom the woman had been intimate a number of .years. Pitiful stories were told of the woman waiting for hours on street corners for "just one look at her Billiken-like, mulatto lover," played up under headlines such as "CON FESSION EXPECTED TODAY FROM NEGRO SUSPECT," "NEGRO SUSPECT RAPIDLY WEAKEN ING " and the like which clearly led one to "believe that the colored man was guilty. A few days later, in an obscure item on an inside page, a short account was given of the release of the colored suspect "because insufficient evidence to hold him" existed. A long period of such publicity had inflamed the minds of many people against Negroes who otherwise would have been unprejudiced. Much of the blame for the riots can be laid to such sources. For a long period prior to the riots, organized gangs of white hoodlums had been perpetrating crimes against Negroes for which no arrests had been made. These gangs in many instances masqueraded under the name of "Athletic and Social Clubs" and later direct connection was shown between them and incendiary fires started during the riots. Colored men, women and children had been beaten in the parks, most of them in Jackson and Lincoln Parks. In one case a young colored girl was beaten and thrown into a lagoon. In other cases Negroes were beaten so severely that they had to be taken to hospitals. Al l of these cases had* caused many colored people to wonder if they could expect any protection whatever from the authorities. Particularly vicious in their attacks was an organization known locally as "Regan's Colts." Much has been written and said concerning the housing situation in Chicago and its effect on the racial situation. The problem is a simple one. Since 1915 the colored population of Chicago has more than doubled, increasing in four years from a little over 50,000 to what is now estimated to be between 125,000 and 150 000. Most of them lived in the area bounded by the railroad on the west, 30th Street on the north, 40th Street on the south and Ellis Avenue on east. Already overcrowded this so-called "Black Belt" could not possibly hold the doubled colored population. One cannot put ten gallons of water in a five-gallon pail. Although many Negroes had been living in "white" neighborhoods, the increased exodus from the old areas created an hysterical group of persons who formed "Property Owners' Associations" for the purpose of keeping intact white neighborhoods. Prominent among these was the Kenwood-Hyde Park Property Owners' Improvement Association, as well as the Park Manor Improvement Association. Early in June the writer, while in Chicago, attended a private meeting of the first named at the Kenwood Club House, at Lake Park Avenue and 47th Street. Various plans were discussed for keeping the Negroes in "their part of the town," such as securing the discharge of colored persons from positions they held when they attempted to move into "white" neighborhoods, purchasing mortgages of Negroes buying homes and ejecting them when mortgage notes fell due and were unpaid, and many more of the same calibre. The language of many speakers was vicious and strongly prejudicial and had the distinct effect of creating race bitterness. In a number of cases during the period from January, 1918, to August, 1919, there were bombings of colored homes and houses occupied by Negroes outside of the "Black N. A. A. C. P. Belt." During' this period no less than twenty bombings took place, yet only two persons have been arrested and neither of the two has been convicted, both cases be-ins continued. Finally, the new spirit aroused in Negroes by their war experiences enters into the problem. From Local Board No. 4, embracing: the neighborhood in the vicinity of State and 35th Streets, containing: over 30,000 inhabitants of which fully ninety per cent are colored, over 9,000 men registered and 1,850 went to camp. These men, with their new outlook on life, injected the same spirit of independence into their companions, a thing that is true of many other sections of America. One of the greatest surprises to many of those who came down to "clean out the niggers" is that these same "niggers" fought back. Colored men saw their own kind being killed, heard of many more and believed that their lives and liberty were at stake. In such a spirit most of the fighting was done. THE "INFURIATED" WHITE MOB IN CHICAGO THE RIOT AT LONGVIEW, TEXAS COMPARATIVELY few people know of the race riot which was a precursor of the more serious outbreaks in Washington, Chicago and Knoxville. Last June, at Longview, in the state of Texas of ill-fame, a colored man, Lemuel Walters, was arrested and jailed on the charge of having been found in a white woman's room. On the 22nd of June, Professor Jones, one of of the leading colored citizens_ of Longview, stopped at the jail to deliver the colored papers, for which he was agent, and was told by three colored and one white inmate that Walters had been spirited away by a mob of white men. Subsequently the Longview Leader spoke of an unidentified Negro who had been found shot to death near the railroad. This Negro, Professor Jones believed to have been Lemuel Walters. Thereupon Professor Jones and Dr. Davis with nine other colored citizens approached Erskine H . Bramlette, County Judge of Gregg County, and as representatives of the colored people asked for an investigation. The judge merely asked the names of the four prison inmates and counselled profound secrecy. After a brief delay the committee visited the judge again. On this occasion he professed his utter powerlessness, but promised to refer the matter to the District Attorney. He also sought more information as to the names and descriptions of the prisoners who had supplied the information. Later on the reason for this interest was made clear, for when three days later Professor Jones went back to the jail, he found the prisoners had been taken away. Thus much for the prologue. A t this point the Chicago Defender stepped in and on July 5 published a statement that the white woman whose name had been originally connected with Walters was really in love with him, would have been glad to become his wife and was deeply stricken by his death. The Defender also declared that the sheriff had seen the mob pass into the jail and was, therefore, an accessory before the fact. The sequel was immediate. On July 10, Professor Jones was accosted and horribly beaten, struck and cut over the head with a wrench and otherwise badly injured. Even then he defended himself and managed to break away from his assailants— three white men—but he tripped, fell headlong and while still on the ground was beaten even more violently. His crime, he was told, was that of being responsible for the statement which had occurred in the Defender. Vigorously denying this charge he broke away, got some relief from his friend, Dr. Davis, and then repeated his denial in person to J. J. Ross, Secretary of the Chamber of Commerce. But the mischief had started. Deputy Sheriff Harrison told an old colored man that Jones would be lynched before midnight unless he had already left town. Davis was told of this and consulted several prominent white men in the town, including Mayor G. A . Bodenheim. Not even the official would promise any help, but simply advised both Jones and Davis to leave town. Instead of following this advice, Dr. Davis got together a group of men and laid the matter before them. They decided to defend themselves by defending Professor Jones and Dr. Davis. Even then Dr. Davis hoped for a change in the attitude of the whites. But when he found that, although the mayor, other officials and some leading citizens had convened, still no help was promised, he prepared for the worst. He instructed his guard to surround Jones' house and hold themselves in readiness for an attack, but on no account was any one to shoot into the houses of white people or to fire until he himself had done so. Close on midnight the mob came down the street. Four white men mounted the back porch and called for Jones to come out. Not until he was sure that their plan was to rush the house did Dr. Davis open fire. In the violent scrimmage which followed no colored men were killed, but it is reported that the manager of the Kelly Plow Works admitted the death of eleven white men. The mob withdrew. Professor Davis cautiously went back to the town. There was some talk on the part of the whites of a return attack, but they seemed to lack leaders. Al l about were signs of confusion and distress. White women were heard lamenting the foolhardiness which had prompted their men to such an attack. Automobiles rushed back and forth, their inmates picking up the dead and wounded and carrying them back to their homes. Thus the night wore on. But at daybreak; as Dr. Davis had suspected, the mob foregathered again. This time arson was the weapon. Professor Jones' house—from which he had already escaped—and that of Dr. Davis were burned to the ground. The family of Dr.' Davis was permitted to escape. But an innocent householder and his wife who lived opposite Professor Jones lost not only their house, but were themselves shot and seriously injured. Both Professor Jones and Dr. Davis reached a place of safety. Professor Jones hid in Longview until the following night and then got away. Dr. Davis disguised himself as a soldier, boarded a train, rode a short distance and dismounted. But his really difficult moments passed when through a misunderstanding he arrived at the station two hours too early for the train by which he hoped to continue his flight. He dared not risk returning to the friends who had been protecting him. It was equally inadvisable for him to show anxiety or fear. So he bought popcorn, soft drinks and the like, and hung about the station—laughing, singing, eating and shooting "crap" in most approved "darky" style. Finally the train came up with colored soldiers in it. He made his plight known to them and was supplied with an overseas cap and gas mask which made his disguise complete. The riot at Longview has two aspects. First, simply and solely it is a fair sample of the lawlessness which at present is stalking restlessly through the nation. Secondly, it is indicative of the attitude which Negroes are determined to adopt for the future. A s the Assoc^kted Press report (it appeared, by the way, in a Longview paper), has it: "Negroes are not planning anything, but will defend themselves if attacked." "THOU LITTLE CHILD, GLORIOUS IN THE MIGHT OF HEAVEN-BORN FREEDOM—" Ode on the Intimations of Immortality, 299 The Looking Glass LITERATURE CLAUDE McKAY in the Liberator: If we must die—let it not be like hogs, Hunted and penned in an inglorious spot, While round us bark the mad and hungry dogs, Making their mock at our accursed lots. If we must die—oh, let us nobly die, So that our precious blood may not be shed In vain; then even the monsters we defy Shall be constrained to honor us though dead! Dr. Algernon Brashear Jackson, of Mercy Hospital, Philadelphia, sends us a necessary ..nd well-written pamphlet entitled "The Health Question of the Man Next Door." We have received also a pictorial study of "Colored Soldiers in France," by Edward L. Snyder. It contains attractive and instructive pictures of American Negro soldiers, of French Colonials and distinguished officers. Accompanying each picture is a short paragraph of explanation. This book is; particularly valuable because of the failure' of official photographers to take pictures of colored troops while in France. Recent treatment of the Negro in periodicals : "Sam Jackson's Better Day," S. W. MacConnell, Illustrated World Outlook, April, 1919. "Color and Culture," E. B. Reuter and Jessie Fauset, Survey, April 19, '19. "Mr . Burleson and Negro Postal Clerk," New Republic, May 31, '19. "Intelligence of Negroes at Camp Lee, W. Va.," G. 0. Ferguson, Jr., School and Society, June 14, '19. "Negro at Bay," Nation, June 14, '19. "Protecting Southern Womanhood," H. J. Saligmann, Nation, June 14, '19. "National Responsibility for the Education of the Nejro," Kelly Miller, Educational Review, June, '19. "Negro Enters the Labor Union," Literary Digest, June 28, '19. "Negro Visitor in Negro Homes in Minneapolis," Survey, July 12, '19. "Negro and His Opportunity," Industrial Management, R. W. Immel, July, '19. THE CASE OF MR. SHILLADY SOUTHER N intolerance has taken a logical stride forward. It is but natural that violence toward Negroes, if permitted to go unchecked, should be eventually turned toward a white man who espouses their unpopular cause. On August 22, John R. Shillady, Secretary of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, was assaulted in Austin, Tex. *. $ * The Austin News gives a bold account: Following the holding of a meeting here with Negroes after he had been told by local officials to leave town, J. R. Shillady, white, Secretary of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, was severely, but not dangerously, beaten by County Judge Dave Pickle, Constable Charles Hamby and Ben Pierce in front of his hotel on one of the main streets here today Judge Pickle freely discussed the occurrence. "We can handle the Negro question without interference by these Northerners who come down here and preach social .quality," said Judge Pickle. "The main object of this man's visit here was to sow 300 R. Shillady, Secretary of the National Associationthought it wasfor my duty to stop him. And discontent among the Negroes, and I the we not only stopped him, but nave gotten him out of our community." Constable Hamby, in describing the whip-ring given Shillady, said that he and Judge Pickle and Len Pierce struck Shillady sevthe state. We trust that Presidenteral times, and that Shillady was knocked down. Thewill scene of the whippingproperly in Carranzabe  wasthe street in front of the Driskill Hotel, where Shillady registered upon his arrival in Austin yesterday. Shillady made no attempt to defend himself, said Hamby. "When we came up to him, we told him that he had been holding a conference with a bunch of Negroes, and that he would have to leave town right now," said Hamby. "He remarked that we could not see from his point of view, but he did'nt get any further, as we then started in to whip him." $ * * Needless to say that comment in the North and the South differs widely. The New Orleans States, New Orleans, La., takes this fling at the N. A. A. C. P.: The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People is not promoting the welfare of the race in the South, displeasure of certain classes of and it is doubtful if it is helping the rela Southerners not by any tions between the whites and blacks of the North. The sooner it ceases its activities in this section and confines them to other sections of the country, the better it will be for the cause in which it is enlisted, for in the South it is only breeding trouble, intensifying racial feeling and provoking clashes. * * * And the Rome, Ga., Tribune-Herald follows in like strain: We have no patience whatever with the white promoters of Negro dissatisfaction. It is scarcely conceivable that white men would stir up antagonism between the races that might be awful in their consequences, but that there are such infernal degenerates in this country is all too apparent. They deserve the condemnation of all good men, whether white or black. There is no reason whatever for ill feeling between the races in this country, and there would not be except for the activities of such men as Shillady. They are not only a public nuisance, they are a public menace, lord looks upon the peasants, as the and no decent white man, either North or Japanese looks upon the South, should associate with them. The country has problems enough to be solved and troubles enough already without having racial troubles heaped upon it. Men like Shillady should be kept in jail. * * * The Public says pointedly: Lest anybody should doubt the fitness of Texas to "clean up" Mexico, and teach the "greasers" how to observe law and order, bounty Judge Dave Pickle and Constable Charles Hamby of Austin, Texas, aided by some other law-abiding citizens, gave a conclusive demonstration by beating up John Advancement of Colored People, as he emerged from a public hall in that city. Having thus expressed their devotion to law and order, these Texas heroes put Mr. Shillady on a train, and warned him not to leave it till it got out of impressed by this demonstration, and will instill in the minds of his judges such a love of order and justice that if anybody in Mexico says anything against the ancient and honorable custom of lynching, they will vindicate the law, as Judge Pickle did when he pummeled Mr. Shillady with his bare fists. It might be said, by way of extenuation, that the Judge said he had acted in his capacity as a gentleman, and not as a member of the bench. We trust that Mr. Shillady will note the distinction. * * * The Evening Globe, New York, discloses the underlying motives: The rumors about Shillady's activities were that he was stirring up the Negroes to demand "social equality with the whites." Actually his association has incurred the such impossible policy as this, but by exposing the truth about lynchings. The association has repeatedly brought to light facts about mob murders which had never been published in the newspapers and which otherwise would never have been heard of outside the communities in which they took place From the point of view of those who take part in, or tolerate, lynchings, any humanitarian interest in the Negro is bad. The ugly truth is that a large number of Southerners are determined not only to refuse to mingle socially with the Negroes—no sane person demands that—but to compel them, irrespective of individual ability or merit, to remain a subject race. They are determined that the black man shall not have any share in the government under which he lives, and they insist that he ought; to be and shall be, a hewer of wood and drawer of water for the white race. In this their point of view is not essentially different from that of all superior races in the presence of those considered inferiors. They look upon the Negro as the Russian land Coreans, as the Kurds look upon the Armenians There is not a trace of modern humanitarianism or modern democracy in the relations of the southern white with the s)uthern black. Mr. Shillady and his association are fighting against a tradition as old as those dim prehistoric days of India, when the first invaders swept down out of the hills, conquered the people of the plains, and set up the system of caste. * * * The New York Call makes the suggestion : "THE BABY FIGURES OF THE GI MASS OF THINGS TO COME." Troilus and Cressida. That a survey of the treatment of Negroes be made in this country and a digest of it be published abroad for the information of oppressed nationalities and races. The Jews, for example, might be asked whether they prefer the old Russian and modem Polish forms of pogroms to the more dramatic roasting of blacks, which is so popular in the Democratic South. Nothing like exchanging ideas on these matters and being up to date. We do not think that the South can learn anything from the European pogromists, but the latter may be able to learn from the great southern ''democracy." Our fame in this respect is not sufficiently known to carry much weight abroad. In the meantime, Mr. Shillady can nurse his bruises, and while he is recovering, he can console himself with reading some of the addresses the Great Democrat delivered during the war regarding oppressed races in Europe. Nothing like "that is calculated to increase our affection for "American democracy." SPEAKING OF ABYSSINIA THE treatment of the Abyssinian envoys could not have been more badly-timed. Town Topics, New York, says: Whatever advantages our government hoped to obtain through its entertainment of the Abyssinian Special Embassy, during its stay in this country, has been imperiled, to say the very least, by the gross' affront to which it permitted the guests of the nation to be subjected on the last day of their otherwise successful visit. That Duke Nadao, who is a scion of the reigning family, a nephew of the Empress of Abyssinia, and who fills the office of Minister of War in his native land, should have been barred as a Negro on Sunday night from the Democratic Club, was a contretemps which is discreditable to all concerned, and which caused the Ambassador and the various dignitaries of his mission to sail for their home on the following afternoon with a sense of mortification, of undeserved humiliation and of profound resentment. It was all the more keenly felt by them, in view of the royal honors With which the Duke had been welcomed by President Poincare in France and by King George and Queen Mary in Great Britain. The affair could not have occurred if more care had been exercised in the selection of those permitted to advertise themselves and their business by pressing hospitality upon the envoys, who have nothing in common with the African or American Negro, save the somewhat dusky hue of the skin, and belong to an entirely different race—one of the most proud and ancient in the world. Under the circumstances, the Abyssinians should have been quietly and discreetly steered away from the colored churches in New York, instead of being taken thither to attend functions in their honor without any realization CRISIS of the social prejudice that exists here against the Negro population. Note the implication in the last sentence above. In the circumstances, it is interesting to read what the West Indian has to say of an Abyssinian Bishop: It was on the occasion of the celebration of the Armistice in St. George's Cathedral, in Jerusalem, where B. W. I.'s of all denominations were represented. As I sat there I saw the Anglican Bishop of Abyssinia, a pure-blooded black man, as the leading church dignitary of that impressive service, robed and carrying all the beautiful paraphernalia of his office. He was followed by the Bishop of Jerusalem, (white) and a crowd of other white church of England priests, who, with befitting ceremony, conducted him to his throne. It was plain that the honor accorded him was real. I was electrified with the beautiful Christianity of the whole thing. My mind went back to my own St. George's Anglican Church, in Grenada: and I wondered, and I feared. But we were in Jerusalem, made sacred by the footprints of the Master, and not in Grenada, which should account for any difference that might have been. The Bishop of Abyssinia is a very stately and engaging personality. Somehow or other I was proud to be an Anglican as I sat there. It will be my most memorable experience as a soldier abroad. SPIRIT OF THE TIMES HARRY H. JONES, a young colored man, member of the Faculty of the Lincoln High School, writes in the Wheeling Majority, Wheeling, W. Va., on the causes of the recent race riots. After mentioning political discrimination, anti-Negro propaganda and its circulation by the white press, and the general social unrest, Mr. Jones says: In the fourth place, the development of race consciousness among Negroes during the war has tended to spur their demands for consideration at the hands of their fel low Americans. Prior to the war the Negro was wont to confine his agitation for justice to restricted channels on this side of the Atlantic. Today, following the ex ample of other oppressed peoples, he is car rying on an international propaganda. Formerly, when he was attacked by mobs, he ran; today he stands and defends himself. He is conscious of having rendered efficient service to his government during the war and now he asks that his government re ward him with the rights and privileges of American citizenship. The war broadened his views; it brought him in contact with many races of mankind. Either on the battlefield or through the press, he found that France was willing to accept him at his worth. He has faced death many times more horrible than that which a Georgia mob could inflict on him. He has lost the fear of death The Negro soldier found a new set of values in this war. He has developed a new consciousness. In fact, his very soul has changed. On the other hand, the civilian Negro/having given his best in manhood, means and brawn, "to make the world safe for democracy," having had sounded repeatedly into his ears that all mankind is entitled to self-determination, has formed the opinion that Democracy ought to begin at home, and that he ought to share in the fruits of victory. He cannot appreciate our championing the right of weak people; in Europe and Asia to self determination and our remaining silent on his right to enjoy it at home. In fact, Negroes of all classes, from the radical to the conservative, are one in believing that America must change her treatment toward their race. They differ only as to means. "Anise," says in the Seattle Union-Record, Seattle, Washington: "Was it not their Lansing * * ::: Who called on all the nations * * * To bring order to Russia * * * When we had OU R riots!" "What! Are THES E the people," * # * Said the Peasant Bolshevik, "Who have so MAN Y troops An 1 so much law and order * # * To SPARE * * * For Russia?" * * * From the Far East comes this word in the Hochi, Tokyo, Japan: The racial strife in America is a disgrace to the civilized world. If America wishes to preach the principle of justice and humanity to others, she must first solve the question of racial strife on her own soil. * * * The New York Times gives some notion of England's attitude: In the House of Commons today the Hon. Walter E. Guinness, Unionist member for Suffolk, asked Andrew Bonar Law, the Government leader, to give the day's discussion over to the present position of the black races, but his request was refused. The questioner responded by asking whether it would not be a graceful act of reciprocity to place at the disposal of the United States the benefit of British experience in governing Negroes in return for the discussion of Irish affairs in the United States Senate. Captain William Wedgewood Benn. Liberal member for Leith, asked Mr. Bonar Law to do his best to prevent efforts to sow dissension between America and Great Britain by alleged humorous questions. Humorous questions! This is a new interpretation of the British sense of humor. I AM AN AMERICAN CITIZEN Bust of a Negro child, by Paolo S. Abbate. (Photograph by International Film Service.) THE RIOT-MILL THIS is the way the white American press starts race riots: On August 5, the Washington Post published this ac count, on the third page, top of the column, toward the outer edge of the sheet. Notice the multiplicity of details and the attempt at an exact description of the alleged assail ants. Al l the possible resources of "make up" were brought to play. We present an exact photographic copy: ATTACKED BY NEGROES Mrs. Minnie Franklin Injured at League Park Carnival. TWO ASSAILANTS GET AWAY Covered by Revolver on Outskirts of Crowd as Companion Drives, Away—Taken to Casualty Hos-| pital and Later to Home—Re serves Hunt Men. Two squad's of headquarters detectives, aided by reserves from the Ninth precinct, early today were searching houses and scouring fields in the neighborhood of Fifteenth and it streets northeast in an effort to apprehend two young negroes who shortly before 10 o'clock last night at tacked Mrs. Minnie Franklin near the I carnival tents on the old Union League I ball grounds. While hundreds of merrymakers I thronged the carnival, .tents Mrs. Franklin was subjected to .treatment I that left her' hysterical and able to 'make but vague statements as to the affair. A partial description of the colored men was obtained from persons who saw them fleeing from the scene of the crime. !I Covered Her With Pistol. Mrs. Franklin, who is 37 years old and the wife of Edward S. Franklin., of 1381 K street southeast, is-understood to have been with a companion at the carnival. They had walked away from the main tent, but were still in the radius of light from gasooline torches, when the two negroes appeared. One of them cowed Mrs. Franklin with a revolver. Several minutes later she stagger d to the entrance of the grounds and related what had occurred. The police1 were communicated with at once, as was Casualty Hospital. Mrs. Franklin was- removed to the institution, where she was treated and questioned by detectives.- Later she was taken to her home, where her husband and (children were apprised of the attack. j Lawless Element in Crowd. | A Special detail from the Ninth precinct has been stationed at the carnival since its inauguration, but until last night no disorder had been re ported from the grounds. It is known, I .however, that a lawless element, both j white and colored, had been attracted | to the "free-for-all" scene Cjf jolity. I The description of the negroes flashed from headquarters reads as follows: "Look out for two colored men, 5 feet 3 or 4 inches in" height; brown skin, 23 to 25 years old: wearing: white shirts, no coats, tan or yellow caps." | On August 16, this tiny article appeared tucked away on page 5, in the middle of the first column, on the inner edge. Need we comment? CALLS ASSAULT A "STORY" Mrs. Franklin's Charge Against Two Negroes Dropped by Police. In a statement to headquarters detectives last night. Mrs. Minnie Franklin, of 1361 K street southeast, declared, according to her questioners, including Detectives Vermillion, Em brey, O'Brien and Bradley, that her story of having been attacked Thursday night near Fifteenth and H streets northeast by two negroes was a fabrication. Mrs. Franklin first was interrogated tiy Mrs. Mina C. Van Winkle, head of the woman's bureau. The case has been dropped. CARNEGIE The Horizon MUSIC AND ART JOHN McCORMICK, the noted Irish tenor, is said to be educating a young Negro baritone, Ross Houston, of Shelbyville, 111., at Fisk University; a musical education is to follow his academic training. C R. Nathaniel Dett, the Negro composer, has secured a leave of absence from his position as Director of Music at Hampton Institute, to devote his time to study at Boston, Mass. C Ilya Schkolnik, the concert master of the Detroit Symphony Orchestra, conducted A. Walter Kramer's "Symphonic Rhapsody on Negro Themes" at a concert given at the Stadium, New York. C George W. Broome, of Medford, Mass., is manufacturing a series of phonograph records by Negro artists. "GO Down, Moses," by Harry T. Burleigh, and "Villanelle," sung by Mme. Florence Cole-Talbert, are announced in September. (I The Denver Musical Association, for the purpose of encouraging study, a higher standard of music and the use of compositions of Negro composers and the folklore songs, has been organized, with Mme. Lillian Hawkins Jones, president. C. Mrs. Azalia Hackley has held folk-song festivals in Montgomery, Ala., Greensboro and High Point, N. C. They have been largely attended and very successful. d Over two hundred Negro musicians met in Chicago and formed the National Association of Negro Musicians. Mr. Henry Grant, of Washington, D. C , was chairman. A Scholarship Fund was inaugurated and Miss Marion Anderson, the young contralto of Philadelphia, was selected as the first beneficiary. C At the close of the A. and T. Summer School, Greensboro, N. C, Mme. Mary Ross Dorsey presented the play "Everywoman." There was a mixed audience, including many prominent citizens, who witnessed the successful performance. C "The Smarter Set," Negro comedians, etc., headed by S. Tutt Whitney and J. Homer Tutt, will present this season under the booking of Klaw and Erlanger "Children of the Sun," in two acts and ten scenes, representing the Swanee River, Japan, India, Persia, Thebes and Ethiopia. (L The Frederick Douglass Film Company in Jersey City, N . J., owned and controlled by Negroes, has added to its productions "Heroic Negro Soldiers of the World War," in two parts, directed by Dr. William S. Smith. (I The Democracy Film Company, of Los Angeles, Cal., a Negro enterprise, is presenting "Injustice," written and directed by Captain Leslie T. Peacocke, as an answer to "The Clansman." CPercy Grainger, the distinguished Australian pianist, who makes his home in America and whose appreciation of Afro-American music and musicians has been particularly noticeable, states that in a list of works taught and heard during his first two weeks' teaching at the Chicago 307 Musical College were works of R. Nathaniel Dett, the Negro composer. Mr. Grainger adds that he will play a Dett number on his programs this coming season. He further states that a colored student, Mrs. Cornelia Lampton Forrest, was one of his Lest pupils at the Chicago Musical College. INDUSTRY THE Liberian Haberdashery Company has been organized by Negroes in Cincinnati, Ohio, as a $5,000 corporation. Thomas E. Richmond, 19 Temple Court Building, is the attorney for this enterprise. G A colored woman, Margaret Myers, of Marysville, is the champion peach pitter of California. Her wage at a local cannery is $14-$20 per day. C The Mississippi A. and M. College reports that in 1918 the membership of Negro farm clubs increased 400 percent over the previous year. Five boys produced an average of 108 bushels of corn to an acre; 195 boys reported a sale of hogs amounting to $6,253.38, at a profit of $3,474.10. G In 1918 through the United States Department of Agricultural and State Colleges (here were organized in the South 1,563 rural colored women's clubs, with 37,913 members, and 1,962 girls' clubs, with 50,995 members. The total colored membership is 103,377. The women in these clubs have organized 117 co-operative poultry breeding associations and fifty co-operative egg circles. C Negroes in St. Louis, Mo., have organized the Co-operative Association of Liberty and subscribed $25,000 in cash and pledges for the stock of the store. The Rev. B. G. Shaw, pastor of Metropolitan A. M. E. Zion Church, which has a membership of 4,000, is president of the association. G At a meeting held in Metropolitan A. M. E. Church, Philadelphia, Pa., $15,000 was subscribed by Negroes for a local department store. C The Order of Sleeping Car Porters of Canada has been chartered by the Canadian Brotherhood of Railway Employees and admitted to membership in the Trades and Labor Council of Winnipeg, with delegates representing each road in Canada at all meetings. Mr. J. A. Robinson, of the Canadian National Railways, was elected president. C T. L. O. Lambert, a colored man, has been in the employ of the Detroit Post Office for forty-nine years. He is seventy-eight years old. J. F. Rickard has been in the employ of the same office forty years. C Uzziah Miner, of Fay, Okla.. who has been employed as clerk in the office of the Register of the United States Treasury since April, has been promoted to Assistant Supervisor in the Division of Interest Coupons. He is a graduate of Howard University '18, and he saw active service in France with Battery "F, " 349th Field Artillery. G A site 290 x 150, at Auburn Avenue and Courtland Street, Atlanta, Ga., now occu pied by the Wesley Memorial Hospital, has been sold to H. E. Perry, President of the Standard Life Insurance Company and of the Service Company of Atlanta, colored, and will be converted into an office build ing for Negro lawyers, physicians, fraternal associations, insurance companies, com mercial agencies, etc. C The Hair Vim Chemical Company of Washington, D. C , will establish a branch in New York City, where property in West 130th Street has been bought for $30,000. The enterprise has for its president Dr. Julia H. P. Coleman. C The Berry &amp; Ross Manufacturing Company, a colored business in New York City, has added a first-class clothing, doll toy, novelty and notion store to its enterprise. C The Elroy Manufacturing Company, Inc., at St. Louis, Mo., which manufac tures everything necessary for undertakers, is a concern owned and operated by Negroes. Apart from a private office and a general office there are ten departments in connection with the factory, including a machine room, storage room for lumber, a polishing room, drawing and design de partment, sewing room, painting and finish ing room, a varnishing and drying room, a stock room and a shipping room. The president and business manager of the company is J. W. Bronaugh. G The United Investment Corporation has been organized in Atlanta Ga., by Negroes, with a capital stock of $100,000—$30 000 of which was raised at a recent meeting. The ultimate end of the enterprise is the supplying of funds to Negroes of the South for the building and the owning of homes. On the board are J. B. Long, Captain A. T. Waldon, Charles McArthur, R. H. Singleton, P. James Brown William Driskoll, W. F. Body, S. C. Cummings. C A Negro, Green Springfield, at Corsicana, Tex., very black, and white haired, has oil lands t) the value of half a million dollars; a deep test well in his 400 acre farm is expected to add a million dollars to his fortune. C In Chicago, a Negro daily—The Chicago Evening World, has been started, with T. A . Donaldson, City Editor. The paper sells for two cents. C Negroes in Chicago, 111., have deposited with the Illinois Trust and Savings Company over five million dollars. C Negro non-Union labor has replaced 1,500 Poles and Russians, who struck at the Argo Corn Plant Products Company, at Chicago. The strikers asked for a closed shop. C The State Employment Bureau in New York City, which was established through Assemblyman E. A. Johnson, has placed colored people in thirty-three industries. Usually about 1,000 unemployed persons a month are dealt with. P. L. Edwoods is superintendent. G The Provident Development Corporation of Bridgeport, Conn., has purchased and improved property valued at $60,500 and has an equity of $19,775 in the property. These houses have been rented to twenty-two colored families and the annual income from rent is $7,074. L. J. Jordan is president. C Henry James, the colored chauffeur for Senator and Mrs. J. N. Camden, at Spring Hill, N. J., received a check of $1,000 from his employer on the twentieth anniversary of his service. THE WAR THE late Richard Berry, of Hillsboro, N . C , Regimental Sergeant of the 810th Pioneer Infantry, through his business experience as Assistant Manager for W. P. Evans, one of the largest merchants in the South, was made Manager of the Post Exchange Recruit Camp No. 2. It was said of him by one of the high officials, "We cannot find another to fill his place." C Mr. Cleveland Buchanan has brought to America the .300,000 feet production "Democracy Paid For," filmed by the "Eclair" Societe Industrielle Cinematographique, of Paris. Actual scenes are woven into a composite play of the colored troops who served in France. ([ The Carter Brown Post of the American Legion has been organized by Negroes in Mobile, Ala. Sixty members have been enrolled. C At the athletic tournament held at Fort Huachuca, Ariz., between four regiments of the Regular Army, two colored and two white, colored men won seventy-six points and white men five. Sergeant Williamson, of the Tenth Cavalry, won the cup for the highest individual score. G O'Neill Mitchell has been assigned to organize the colored division of the War Camp Community Service, in Kansas City. CRIME ON July 9, at Pensacola, Fla., Miss Rosebud Spann, a young colored woman was attacked by white men and dragged from her buggy to the woods. A reward of $250 has been offered for the arrest and conviction of the assailants by the colored citizens. C It is reported to TH E CRISIS that John Hartfield was lynched, not for attacking a woman at Ellisville, Miss., but because he and the white woman were lovers; that the woman tried to effect his escape and gave him money. It is said that a large number of colored people were put to death by the mob during the ten days in which they were searching for Hartfield. When Hartfield started to tell the mob about his relations with the woman, his tongue was cut out. Two white ministers of the town were among the leaders of the mob. C The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Pope City, Ga., August 14, Jim Grant, returned soldier, hanged for alleged shooting of Lee Gammage and his son. Louisburg, N. C, August 20, Walter Elliott, shot to death and hanged; alleged assault on white woman. Ocmulgee, Ga., Eli Cooper, August 28, shot to death in a church and the church burned because of reports that Negroes were planning to rise. Youngsville, N . C , August 28, Walter Tyler, nineteen years old, hanged; accused of attacking white woman. Boaglusa, La., August 31, Lucius McCarty, discharged Negro soldier, burned; alleged attack upon a white woman. EDUCATION J. M. WILLIAMS, the celebrated end on Brown University's Football Team, will play the coming year. C A n examination for scholarships under the George Washington Education Fund has been held at Jerseyville, 111. Two colored students will be sent to college this fall and two others are being educated—one at the University of Chicago and one at the University of Illinois. The fund was established by a colored man and amounts to more than $20,000. C The General Education Board has appropriated money to employ field agents for the Negro rural schools in Texas and South Carolina. C The Baptists of Virginia have held a tercentenary celebration and collected $23,000 for missions and education. Dr. Z. D. Lewis was chairman. C Howard A . Fisher has been for the third time re-elected Secretary of the Darby Township School District, of Delaware County, Pa. He has been president and vice-president of the Board and was once elected treasurer, "but no bond company would go on my bond of $4,000 simply on account of my color." C The formal inauguration of Dr. J, Stanley Durkee as president of Howard University will take place next month. A Re adjustment and Restruction Congress will be held at the same time. G The Methodist Church will appropriate $200,000 from its Centenary Funds to Meharry Medical College and will move Walden University to Mississippi or Georgia, to make room for the growth of Meharry. G The recent Legislature of Texas appropriated very nearly a half million dollars for Prairie View College. This colored institution now has the right to grant degrees. G The Methodist Freedmen's Aid Society received $217,044 for its Negro work last year and made appropriations of $118,000 for its schools next year. C The Board of Education in Atlanta, Ga., has voted 4-2 in favor of turning over Ash-by Street School to the Negroes, on January 1, 1920, to be used as a high school. G Little children broke the ground for the new $100 000 school at Truxton, Va., a town built by the government for Negro employees of the Navy Yard at Portsmouth. Fred D. McCracken, a Negro, is Town Manager. G Pauline Newton, of Cranford, N . J., who graduated as valedictorian from the local High School, in June, 1917, at the age of sixteen, was graduated from the New CRISIS Jersey State Normal School, Newark, N. J., June 27, 1919, being one of three speakers out of 274 graduates. She has accepted a position as teacher in Springtown, N. J. C Out of 131 applications filed at Ne.v Orleans, La., for examination for teachers' certificates, 101 were Negro applicants. G In Muskogee, Okla., a colored woman, Oreba Bryant, is the first of her sex to pass the State Board of Dental Examinations. Miss Bryant is a graduate of Meharry. G "Mr . Unknown," so-called because his name has never been learned, has called at the office of the Lutherans in New York City for the twenty-third time, since 1896, and left $500 for work among Negroes. His gifts now total $15,000. G The Board of Education at Athens, Ga., has re-elected Mr. S. F. Harris, Supervising Principal of Negro Schools. C Mrs. Lillian Atkins Moore, the only colored student in a class of forty at the Women's Medical College, Philadelphia, in June won the Agnes B. Robinson-Messner prize in anatomy; during preparatory work at Shaw University she won a scholarship prize for the highest average over ninety percent for two years. C The colored population at Dover, Ohio, refused to send their children to a separate school; the School Board has, therefore, been compelled to abandon it. G The Training School for Community Workers will hold its fifth session, September 30, 1919, to May 20, 1920. The supervisor is Miss A . A . Freeman, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. G Willis N . Cummings, of Galveston, Tex., was graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with the degree of Doctor of Dental Surgery. For his three years he ranked among the first six of a class of 259 and was elected to the honor fraternity of dental schools. In 1918 he was captain of the varsity cross country team and is one of the three Negroes who have received the varsity "P." MEETINGS THE Colored Citizens' Club, Inc., at Buffalo, N. Y., held a week's celebration, September 8-13, commemorating the 300th anniversary of the Negro race. C Two race congresses will be held in Washington—one by the Equal Rights League of Boston, in September, and the other by the National Race Congress, of Washington, in October. C The National Negro Business League met in St. Louis, Mo., with 1,000 delegates from twenty-six states. A national office was planned for Washington, D. C. Dr. R. R. Moton, of Tuskegee, was elected president and Dr. R. E. Jones, Chairman of the Executive Committee. The meeting took place at Poro College, which has a $350,000 plant for beauty culture. The next meeting will be held in Philadelphia. C The National Association of Teachers of Colored Youth was held at Orangeburg, S. C. John M . Gandy, of Petersburg, Va., was elected president. Baltimore was selected for the next meeting. C The National Association of Colored Graduate Nurses met in Boston, with 100 members present. The next meeting will take place at Tuskegee Institute. Mrs. Adah B. Thorns was re-elected president. C The sixth annual convention of colored postal employees was held in Jacksonville, Fla. Twenty-five officers and delegates were present, representing 325 Negro postal employees in thirteen states. They reported an income of $8,340 last year. FRATERNITIES THE twenty - second session of the Knights of Gideon has been held at Kenbridge, Va. C The Weldon Lodge of Elks at Savannah, Ga., has bought for $9,000 a home, at the corner of Houston, McDonough and Hull Streets. C The Grand Lodge of the Improved Order of Elks met in Atlantic City, with a large attendance. George W. F. McMechan was elected Grand Exalted Ruler. C The Supreme Lodge of Knights of Pythias, Eastern and Western Hemispheres, met at Kansas City. W. Ashbie Hawkins was re-elected Supreme Chancellor. C The Supreme Lodge of Knights of Pythias was held in Atlantic City, and was largely attended. There were a parade of 8,000 and a ball on the Million Dollar Pier. S. W. Green was- re elected head of the order and E. G. Tidrington, Vice-Supreme Chancellor, in place of J. L. Jones. The next biennial meeting will take place at Topeka, Kans. C The fifty-second convention of the Independent Order of St. Luke was held in Richmond, Va. A. C. Russ, of Pittsburgh, was elected Grand Chief and Mrs. Maggie L. Walker, Grand Secretary-Treasurer. The order has 60,000 members. SOCIAL PROGRESS LOUIS G. HARPER, a Negro in Atlanta, Ga., is the winner of the third prize in a nation wide essay contest on "Why We Should Have an American Language." The contest was conducted by the State Library of Ohio and was open to accredited university, college and high school students throughout the country. C The Episcopal Mission of Help has appointed another colored woman, Mrs. Eva Deaver, to succeed the late Mrs. Adelphia B. Holmes in looking after the interests of Negro women in the Woman's Day Court, New York City. C Robert R. Moton and Robert R. Church have been made members of the General Committee of the Roosevelt Memorial Association, with headquarters in New York City, to represent the Negro race. A campaign will be conducted October 20-27. C Eighteen Negro physicians in Detroit, Mich., a year ago organized for the pur pose of raising funds for a hospital. Almost the entire fund of $6 000 was contributed by the Negro citizens, and now the Dunbar Memorial Hospital has been established, with a staff of seventeen physicians and accommodation for thirty patients. William C. Osby is president. C Colored people of Asheville, N . C , have, paid $12,000 for a building to be used by the Y . W. C. A. and other social activities. PERSONAL DR. S. C. FULLER, the well-known alienist who has been in the State service for twenty-two years, has resigned as Director of Pathology at Westboro Insane Asylum, Massachusetts, and become Associate Professor of neuro-pathology at Boston University. C Many Bruner, a Negro seventy-four years old, living at Tahlequah, Okla., has thirty three living children—twenty sons and thirteen daughters, among them five pairs of twins. Twelve of his sons served in the recent war. C W. E. King, editor and founder of the Dallas Express, a Negro weekly, is dead. He had been in newspaper work since 1881. C Joseph Perry, of Kansas City, is dead from rabies, due to injuries received in attempting to rescue a four-year-old white child from a mad dog. HOWARD UNIVERSITY WASHINGTON, D. C. Collegiate and Professional Schools JUNIOR COLLEGE leading to Schools of Liberal Arts, Education, Journalism, or Commerce and Finance four year course, giving: degree, A.B. or S.B.; A.B. or S.B. in Education; S.B. in Journalism; S.B. in Commerce. SCHOOL OF APPLIED SCIENCE, four year course, giving degree, S.B. in C.E. , S.B. in E.E., S.B. in M.E., S.B. in Arch., S.B. in Agrl., or S.B. in H.E SCHOOL OF MUSIC, four year course, giving degree of Mus.B. SCHOOL OF RELIGION, three year course, giving degree of B.D. (Also diploma and correspondence courses.) SCHOOL OF LAW, three year evening course, giving degree of LL.B . SCHOOL OF MEDICINE, including Medical, Dental and Pharmaceutical Colleges. Four year course for Medical and Dental students; three years for Pharmaceutical. Following degrees given: M.D.. D.D.S., Phar.C. For Catalog and Information Write— REGISTRAR DWIGHT 0. W. HOLMES Howard University, Washington, D. C. STATE OF NEW JERSEY MANUAL TRAINING and INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL FOR COLORED YOUTH BORDENTOWN, N. J. A high institution for the training of colored youth. Excellent equipment, thorough instruction, wholesome surroundings. Academic training for all students. Courses in carpentry, agriculture and trades for boys, including auto repairing. Courses in domestic science and domestic art for girls. A new trades building, thoroughly equipped. New girls' dormitory thoroughly and modernly equipped. Terms reasonable. Fall term began September 15, 1919. For information address W. R. VALENTINE, Principal "THERE ARE FEW COLORED MEN IN SIGHT FOR THESE POSITIONS" This statement was made at Tuskegee Institute recently by a representative of the Federal Board of Vocational Education. These positions are now paying $75.00 per month and upwards and may go as high as $3,000 a year provided men of the right type can fit themselves for the positions now offered as Smith- Hughes Instructors in AGRICULTURE - TRADES AND INDUSTRIES YOUNG WOMEN IN HOME ECONOMICS The Smith-Hughes appropriation is arranged on an upward sliding scale for each state. This assures steady increases in salary and rapid advancement for those who begin now. Graduates of Colleges and High Schools with two years' training at Tuskegee Institute in the special Smith-Hughes courses can easily qualify. Many positions now open. Correspondence invited. ROBERT R. MOTON, Principal, Tuskegee Institute, ALABAMA Mention TH E CRISIS. 313 TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute far Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNE, --Principal. 1888 1919 St. Paul Normal and Industrial School LAWRENCEVILLE, VA. Thirty -Second Session OPENED SEPTEMBER 1919 COURSES Primary, Grammar School, Normal, Industrial Graduates receive State Hig h School Certificate which will admit to Standard Normal Schools and Colleges, SUMMER SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS EXTENSIVE TRADE COURSES Athletic Training, Football, Baseball, Tennis, Etc- FULL COURSE IN MILITARY TRAINING For Catalog and Further Information address Rev. James S. Russell, D. D., Principal LAWRENCEVILLE, VA. Be a Soldier—Join the Reserve Officers' Training Corps For Young Colored Men 71 ic* Government furnishes uniform, equipment and an officer to give MILITARY INSTRUCTION Cadets pay their own hoard and lodging amounting to twelve dollars per month, but they may work out a .-mall part of this according as provision is mads with the President Trades for Boys 12 Trades for Girls 7 AM students carry on their regular academic studies and iradet courses in connection with their milii ary train ing. Grammar School. High School, Normal School, College. Camp Opened September 22nd, and Closes June 1st. (f you want to train to be an officer apply for admission to SERGEANT THOMAS JOHNSON, COMMANDANT. A. &amp; M. College. Normal. Ala. Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 20 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY II ATLANTA, GA. The Slater Industrial and State Normal School For Colored Youth of Both Sexes WINSTON-SALEM, N. 0. I.	 Offering Standard Courses In Academic Subjects In Industrial and Vocational Subjects, In Education. II.	 Graduates receive the Teachers' Certificate. III.	 Located amid the foothills of the mountain section of Western North Carolina and the health conditions are ideal. IV.	 Accommodations excellent and expenses moderate. For further information communicate with S.G.ATKINS, Principal SLATER STATE NORMAL SCHOOL, "Winston-Sal em, N. C. COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H. Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN. President ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal hoarding school for girls, under the direction of the sisters of St. Mary. Address: TH E SISTER-IN-CHARGE, 6138 Germantown Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa. Bell Phone Spruce 1924 30-Day Syitem Position Derrick Shorthand School Chillis' Building 1435 Chestnut Street PHILADELPHIA Enroll Immediately to Hold Place in Class Send for Enrollment Blank and full information Day and Evening Classes NOTE — W e are enrolling- Fall Students and would advise all who desire to take Special Course to send In application AT ONOE as	 places will be at a premium. Mention TH E CRISIS. We train up a child in the way he should go and when he is old, we know, he'll not depend upon others to make his business initiatives. The ages of these children range from 10 to 16. They will be prepared for Front Line Business Positions when they are old enough to take them. The y demonstrated blindfolded on letterless keyboard Typewriters, writing business letters, before a large audience. Labor Dav. at UNION BAPTIST CHURCH, Philadelphia, Pa. Most of them averaged 95 and 100 per cent, for accuracy. The next demonstration will be at Cherry Memorial Baptist Church, 16th and Christian Sts., Philadelphia, Pa. SHORTHAND THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1827 S. 17th STREET, PHILADELPHIA, PA. The Children's Business Class. TYPEWRITING BOOKKEEPING FALL TERM, FOR CHILDREN AND ADULTS, OPENS OCTOBER 1, 1919 EDWARD T. DUNCAN, President. STENOGRAPHERS WANTED All Races Prepare in the best school of its kind in the State. Subjects Shorthand, Typewriting, Rnokkeeping, English, Penmanship, Civil Service Trainine, and SPANISH . COMMERCIAL CLASS Lenny C&lt;~&gt;mmunitv Center—at PUBLIC SCHOOL 89 Lenox Avenue and 135th St., New York, N. Y. Open All Year—Four Evcninas Weekly. Fit? \V Mnttlev. PrpcJHrnt The Lincoln Hospital and Home TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES in the city of New York offers to young colored women a three years' course of instruction in nursing. Capacity of hospital—420 beds. Post Graduate Course of six months to graduates of accredited schools. For information apfly to: Superintendent of Nurses Lincoln Hospital and Home New York, N.Y. HALE INFIRMARY AND NURSE TRAINING SCHOOL, 325 Lake Street, Montgomery, Ala. Offers to High School graduates and young women of higher education and good moral character, between the ages of 18 and 35, a three years' course in the profession of nursing. For further information apply to the Superintendent enclosing a stamp. THE NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY Contains 296 Pages, 35 Chapters, Historical and Biographical, 17 Full Page Illustrations Printed on Fine Antique Book, Bound in Full Green Extra Cloth. Gold Title on Front Cover and Shelf Back. Price, net $1.25. Postage Prepaid $1.40. Order through any bookseller or direct from the author. Address JOHN W. CROMWELL 1439'Swann St. Washington, D. C. BUSTS OF Booker T. Washington. Fred Douglass, Paul, Lawrence Dunbar, Bishop Richard Allen. $1.50 each. The 4 busts for $5.00 Agents wanted. Send at once. The Isaac Hathaway Art Company 718 S. HICKORY STREET PINE BLUFF, ARK. A MONEY GETTER berause it is A CROWD GETTER. Churches and Cubs looking for a play that will afford an evening of Side-Splitting Fun, should have The Slabtown Convention An entertainment in one act; full of wit and good humor. Scores of churches have cleared from One to Two Hundred Dollars in One Night. PRICE, 50c MISS NANNIE H. BURROUGHS, Author Lincoln Heights, Washington, D. G. Mention TH E CRISIS. Reconstruction War — and its aftermath—has opened the eyes of bur people. They are now seeing and thinking straight. They now demand of individuals and enterprises seeking their patronage and support, performance rather than glittering promises. They also demand evidences of stability in such enterprises and experience on the part of those conducting them. The management of the Southern Aid Society of Virginia, Inc., rejoices to see this day—They have labored, in season and out, for 26 years to help to bring about just such improvement in our business relationships. The Southern Ai d Society of Vir ginia, Inc., has always issued a superior contract—The only one guaranteeing payments for Sickness and Accidents each week of every year and an undiminished Death Claim after death. To-day it challenges the country to show a better record—than the following—for an institution confining its business to its Home State. 26 years of satisfying service to policy-holders. $30,000.00 Capital Stock, fully paid in. $50,000.00 Federal, State &amp; City Bonds. $50,000.00 1st Lien Mortgages—Loans to our people tc secure good homes in desirable locations. $100,000.00 Cash in Banks. $150,000.00 Real Estate—Free from all encumbrances. We invite the scrutiny of the reconstruction attitude of the insuring public. SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VA., Inc. Home Office: 527 N. SECOND ST., RICHMOND, VA. District Offices and Agencies Throughout the State A. D. PRICE, Pres. B. L. JORDAN, Sec. W. A. JORDAN, Asst. Sec. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE MOST ATTRACTIVE LOT OFFER EVER MADE! IDEAL BUILDING LOTS, improved and developed, with FRUIT TREES PLANTED ON THEM, in Beautiful ORCHARDVILLE FOR ON VERY ONLY EASY TERMS $49 50 This offer is attracting the attention of people of room for a house, garden, chicken yard, shed, from all over the country and the demand for etc., besides the fruit trees that we will plant the lots is increasing very rapidly. A GREA T and take care of on each lot. EAC H LO T IS MANY HAVE ALREADY BEEN SOLD and from GUARANTEED TO BE HIGH AND DRY all indications we do not think it will be long UNDER A MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE, AND before they will all be sold. THE CONTRACT YOU GET GIVES YOU Orchardville is located in a high-grade fruit-growJUST THE PROTECTION YOU MIGHT ing region and is to be developed along entirely WANT . new lines into a BEAUTIFUL FRUIT CITY The price of the lots, as stated above, is only that will be the only one of its kind in the $49.50 each, and the terms are only $3.00 a month. country. (Smaller terms when more than one lot is purUnlike other lot offers, where the purchasers are chased.) N O INTEREST . left to develop their lots themselves. WE DO Bear in mind that the NUMBER OF LOTS IS THAT FOR YOU AND PLANT FIVE HIGH LIMITED and that it is a case of FIRST COME GRADE FRUIT TREES ON EACH LOT, as FIRST SERVED. We have a beautiful circular well as A BEAUTIFUL SHADE TREE, and we that gives you all the details of this offer and take care of the property and trees for FOU R which you will find very interesting. Send for YEARS WITHOUT EXTRA COST. When the a copy TODAY. fruit trees are in commercial bearing they should Simply write your name and address on the earn you EXCELLENT YEARLY RETURNS on coupon attached below, mail it to us NOW and your investment WITHOUT ANY EFFORT ON as soon as we receive it we will send you the YOU R PART . circular without anv obligation to you. SEN D The lots are sized 30 x 144 Feet and have plenty FOR IT RIGHT AWAY ! ADDRESS THE SWAN-ARENSON REALTY &amp; DEVELOPMENT CO. 19 SO. LA SALLE STREET CHICAGO, ILL. WRITE PLAINLY THE SWAN-ARENSON REALTY &amp; DEV'PT. CO., Chicago, 111. Date 1919, Gentlemen: — I am interested in your Orchardville lot offer and would be glad to receive one of your circulars without any obligation to me. Name Address »••«•••#••*•«•»••••••.. Town State C. 10-19. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER STATEST. STYLES TAILORED - TO - MEASURE At Agent's inside Wholesale Prices New Fall and Winter Sample Book Now Ready Bigger Samples More Fabrics SENT FREE Additional Styles WithlnsideWholesalePricestoAgents Styles and Samples to please every taste, to look well on every age and build. Greater cash profits to agents AMAZING Even if you don't want to be our Agent in your spare CASH PROFITS time, be sure to get our new FREE offer and learn how are being made In we save you one-half on your own clothes. the delightful TAILORING AGENTS—Be sure to write and AGENCY get our new deal with Bigger Profits, TAILORING Better Attention and Prompt Shipments. BUSINESS Why Don't YOU KNICKERBOCKER TAILORING CO. Get into the same? Dept 290, Chicago. ILL. New SAMPLE BOOK I WANT THAT please send it to me FREE and PREPAID. Here is mi/ address Name • R.F.D Box Postofficc Street &amp; N o Slate Fill in name and address plainly—and mail AT ONCE If you can't be our Agent in spare time, please hand this to some ambitious fellow Knickerbocker Tailoring Co., Dept. 290, Chicago, 111. Mention TH E CRISIS. Clef Club Singers and Players Managing Corporation Incorporated A Clearing House for Artists Made in the U. S. A. Capital Stock $15,000 Par Value $10 per Share The business of making music for New Yorkers is a growing one. We desire to extend and enlarge the business of our corporation, to give the best of service to our long list of influential patrons and to bring the biggest returns to the members and stockholders of our organization. We offer Seven Thousand Dollars ($7,000.00) worth of stock to persons with foresight and judgment who are interested in this growing enterprise. Your money will be invested in New York City real estate in the heart of the city where we plan to build a club hotel with all modern conveniences and comforts for its patrons and friends. Address all communications to Clef Club Singers and Players Managing Corporation, Inc. Deacon Johnson, President and General Manager, 134 West 53rd Street New York, N. Y. Mention TH E CRISIS. FLORENCE COLE-TALBERT Soprano " She baa one of ths best voices that God has given her raco."—Los Angeles Times. " Special praise must be given Mrs. Florence Talbert who beside her natural tart has already reached a high plane of professional aocuraoy."—Herman Dovrlea in Chicago American. Engagements aei-epted for Concerts, Recitals. Oratorio. Mrs. Talbert will make her first tour of the southern states beginning September first at Arkansas. Write for date now. 659 Twent)-eighth Street. Detroit. Mich CLEOTA J. COLLINS Soprano She has a very lovely lyric soprano voloe of beautiful quality and sings songs with style and Intelligence. Her recitals are very interesting.— LILA ROBESON Qf the Metropolitan Optra Company oj New York 103 W. 143d St., New York, N, Y. Clarence Cameron White VIOLINIST "Critics are one in their high estimate of the splendid attainment* of Clarence Cameron White and his Con cert appearance in your city means the musical event of the season." For terms and dates address 616 COLUMBUS AVENUE BOSTON, MASS. Roland W. Hayes Phonograph Records 3 Warwick St., Boston, Mass. Recitals, Conceits, Oratorio, Opera Booking Engagements for Continental Tour Season 1919-1920 Management: M. J. Minor, 2 Mills St., Roxbury, Mass. LULA ROBINSON-JONES Soprano Available for Concerts Telephone 6393 Morningside 126 W. 134th Street New York N. Y. WILLIAM RICHARDSON Baritone Concerts—Recitals—Oratorio Joint concerts with Maud Cuney Hare, Pianist Address: 170 Walnut Ave., Roxbury, Kasr.. My courts ID Peominship' Bookkeeping, and Shorthiod through the ma&lt;l will preparo you for the positioo worth while. Write for Information. D. A. Nolley, M. Pen., 519 Michigan Ave., Buffalo N.Y. KELLY MILLER'S Race Statesmanship Exhibited in Two Great Pamphlets 1. "The Negro in the New Reconstruction." Considered the most powerful plea that has yet come from the author's pen. 10 cents. 2. "The Disgrace of Democracy." Pronounced in Europe and America as one of the most striking literary documents produced by the Worl d War. 10 cents. Agents wanted everywhere. Rates to agents 5 cents a copy. Add 10% to bill to cover postage. Address KELLY MILLER Howard University Washington, D. C. JUDAS ISCARIOT AND OTHER STORIES by Fedor Sologub, Anton Tchechov, Peter Altenberg, Azo w Hauser, Maxi m Gorky, Carl Ewald, Stanislaw Przbyszewsky, Catulle Mendes, Hans Poehlmann, Leo Tolstoi, Arthur Schubart, Awertchenko and Fleuron. Translated from the Original tongues by GU1DO BRUNO 27 Cents Each PEARSON'S BOOKSHOP, 34 Union Square New York, N. Y. Would you like to know why (he Negro and Caucasian are mixing in spite of prejudice ? Then, read " As Naiure Leads," by J. A. Rogers, author of " Prom .Superman to Man." Undoubtedly Uie most fearless analysis of the Negro-Caucasian situation by any author. The writer penetrates to the very heart of the subject and In a style bubbling with vigor bo puts In the clearest language thoughts nf your Innermost consciousness. Arguments supported by the world's greatest scientists and philosophers. Easily read. A bonk you will read and re-read and give to your friends. Price. $1.25: by mail. $1 35. Aoents wanted. Dept. A, Hayes Book Store, 3640 State Street, Chicago, III. MISSING Pages in AMERICAN History A book nf ninety-lwo panes, bound In paper, revealinu the services of Negroes In the early warB in the United States of America; 1G41-1812. Price (U. S. money order) $1,09 Address L. £. Wilkes 1404 Franklin St., WASHINGTON, D. C. " It should be widely distributed,"—O. G. ViUard. " I will put this copy in Harvard Library."— Prof. A B. Hart. Mention TH E CRISIS. Scott's Official History of The American Negro in the Great War A Proud Chapter in the History of the Negro Race The official and authentic history of the true part played by the Negro in the great World War, written by a man whose valuable experience, intimate connection with every phase of the direction of the great struggle, makes it possible to publish the true facts. A great historical volume that should be in every Negro home. Gives inside facts and accurate and official data and pictures which will appear in no other book. Every chapter is full of the very information which you have been anxiously waiting to know. This Great Book tells all about the Negro Every where in the World War — How He Did His Duty, in every capacity — from right up in the front line trenches and on the battlefields— clear bac k to the work of keeping the home fires burning; on the farms; in the mills and munition plants; on the railroads and steamships; in shipyards and factories. Men and women with the Red Cross, the Y. M. C. FREEWrite todayA., the Y. W. C. A., the War Cam p Community Service, the Liberty Loan Drives, etc. Scott's Official History was written for the Negro by the Negro that the wonderful record of daring deeds, gallant bravery and undying heroism of our black troops might never perish. A great tribute to the patriotism of the Negro Race. Emmett J, Scott, A.M., L.L.D. Agents Wanted Make $8.00 to $20.00 per day — right now — selling Scott's Official History — best book, biggest seller, quickest money-maker for live agents. N e w from cover to cover. Be first in your territory and get the orders. W e pay you highest commissions. for free outfit including agents' sample book and full instructions. Send 25 cents to prepay postage. Copy mailed to any address upon receipt of $2.90 for cloth binding or $3.75 for Morocco binding Written by Emmett J. Scott, A.M., LLD., Special Assistant to Secretary of War, Newton D. Baker. Assisted by the following notable individuals: Dr. Carter G. Woodson, Director of Research, The Association for the Study of Negro Life &amp; History, Inc. Ralph W. Tyler, Accredited Representative of the Committee on Public Information, who accompanied the colored troops to war fronts in France. William Anthony Aery , Publication Secretary, Hampton Normal and Ag ricultural Institute. Monroe N. Work, Director Division of Records and Research, Tuskegee Normal and Industrial Institute. Mrs. Alice Dunbar Nelson (formerly Mrs. Paul Laurence Dunbar) leader in the mobilization of colored women of the country for war work under the auspices of the Wo men's Committee, Council of National Defense. Miss Eva G. Bowles, Executive Secretary, in charge of the colored work of the Young Women's Christian Association. Lieut. T. T. Thompson, Historian who accompanied the famous pad Di vision, U . S. A. to France. Over 600 large pages (equal to 800 ordinary pages). Profusely illustrated with nearly 150 official French and American Negro War photographs, showing all sides of Wa r Activities and Negro soldier Life, from the Call to the Colors on Through the Training Camps. Then to the Battle Fronts and back to the Happy Home Coming. THE NEGRO HISTORICAL PUBLISHING COMPANY P. O. Drawer I WASHINGTON , D. C . St. Station Mention TH E CRISIS. NOW READY A Wonderful line of Art Calendars with Negro Subjects for 1920 Mr. Business Man: No other Christmas gift will so please your trade as a beautiful Negro calendar. A * a business advertisement it is in a class by itself. Send for fUil line of samples. Enclose 50c. fur postage (M. O.. not stamps). Wanted: Salesman with experience. Write immediately for territory' and samples. Enclose 50c. for postage of samples. Notice: State whether you ar« a business man or •talesman. MERCANTILE CALENDAR CO. 413 Florida Ave., N. W., Washington, D. C. A state supervisor ot scpuot&gt; TEACHERS writes us: "Will you kindly furnish me a large list of teachers for our schools for the next year? I can have them appointed at once. We need them for all types of schools, but primarily for rural schools." We also have immediate calls for teachers of auto mechanics, carpentry, painting, agriculture, Spanish and French. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1403 New York Avenue Washine-ton. D. C. The Colored Teachers'Bureau Will Help You Get a Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TERMS Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, "Wilherforce, 0. O^T" Look! Free Free Look! (00 Artistic Calling Cards, 59 cents. This beautiful Bookform Card Case given A bso Iu te ly F ree. Some thin n to keep your carda from being Boiled. (Bo surf an d write plain.) 2-'n-l Foun'ain Pen and Pencil. Used in Col.ces and TFi-h S hoolfl everyday. The Combination U-JIave Been T&gt;jr«kinw for with 14K Gold Pen Pont. Always Works at Both Ends. $2 50. Hard Work Made Easy: Everybody wants a pood receipt book; 500 sheets of orieinal and duplicate copies, w'tn ptTfrrated lines. One copy always remains in the book, si 1") rfsh is required with all orders. Postage paid. The Talbert Press-Nove'tv Co., 299 Walnut St., Buffalo, N. Y. OLD STAMPS WANTED Wo want to buy nld used ami unused U. S. postage am1 revenue. Confederate, and foreiini stamps, and original envelopes wi'h real old Btamps on them. What have you to sell? WRITE AND TEDD TJS. WM. H. WILKERSON, JR., 1423 Duncan St., N.E., Washington, D. C. COLORED DOLLS 29c, 39c, 69c EACH These UNBREAKABLE Brown Skin Dolls are designed and made by Colored Girls In a Factory Owned and Controlled by Colored People, "Berry's Famous Brown Skin Dolls," are sold by large Department Stores: Little Boy in Rompers $ .29 Little Girl, neatly dressed 39 Little Girl, with hair .69 Country Boy, overalls 69 "Baby Doll," 14", hair 1.60 "Doris," 16", long flowing curls 3.60 So far as we know this is the only Negro Doll Factory in the World. CHILDREN'S DRESSES AND APRONS The "Berry &amp; Ross Company" is now also manufacturing Children's Dresses and Bungalow Aprons: Gingham Dresses, 2 to 6 years, each..$1.36 Percale Dresses, 2 to 6 years, each.... 1.00 Aprons, Percale 1.36 Very extra size 1.98 Postage, 10c. Berry &amp; Ross Mfg. Co., Inc. Factory 36-38 W. 135th Street NEW YORK, N. Y. Agents Wanted 100 Fine Calling Cards 50 Cents Fashionable styles and sizes for ladies and gentlemen. N o extra charge for address or postage. Agents make big profits taking orders for our cards. Big demand everywhere. Al l orders filled promptly. Write now for samples and terms. THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING Indianapolis, Inch YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE The Mecca of Negro History aud Literature Distributors of Scott's Official History of the Negro in the World War. Cloth, $2.go; Leather, $3.75, post-paid. YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE, 135 West 135th Street, New York, N. Y. Badges, Banners, Lodge Regalia For all Lodge and Church Societies CENTRAL REGALIA CO. JOS. L. JONES, Pre.. N. E. Cor. 8th and Plum Sis., Cincinnati, Ohio Telephone, Baring 7794 ISADORE MARTIN Real Estate and Insurance Notary Public Mortgages 6 North 42nd Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Mention THE CRISIS. TAILOR=MADE ONLY $12.50 EXPRESS PREPAID Decide quick—because thousands will be taking advantage of this "unheard-of" price for a MADE-TO-MEASURE two piece suit, cut in the latest style from the finest grade materials. GUARANTEED FOR 2 YEARS' SOLID WEAR This "sacrifice-offer" is only made for a limited length of time—just to prove our low prices. Satisfaction guaranteed in every way— you must be pleased to the highest extent or "Back goes your money—quick." NO EXTRA CHARGES Select any style, fancy or plain, extra large or stout, peg tops, welt seams, belt lunnels, golf bottoms, fancy pocket flaps —YOU WON'T HAVE TO PAY ONE PENNY EXTRA. AGENTS WANTED EARN $40.00 TO $60.00 A WEEK during your spare time—many agents earn more. It's an opportunity you can't afford to overlook. Our money-making tailoring outfit tells you all about it—write for it now—today. WONDERFUL TAILORING OUTFIT This free money-making outfit has just been completed—contains dozens of brand new styles and real cloth samples—also quantity of supplies to start you in a profitable side-line of your own. Dont delay—write AT ONCE for samples. WHOLESALE TAILORS SPENCER MEAD COMPANY CHICAGO, ILL. DEPT. 981 Mention TH E CRISIS. Mrs. M . WATSON RUDD, 154 West 131st St. New York, N. Y. WANTED has placed upon the market her new Ambitious Men and Women ROSE NINON NUFEET POWDER To Open a Cleaning, Dyeing and Press It is especially recommended for soldiers, clerks, rail ing Shop in Every Neighborhood. Wc road and factory employees, dancers and all persons Teach You How. Experience Not Necwbo are required to stand or walk to any extent. essary. Particulars FREE . Afenta Wanted—Writ* for particulars. J. D. BELL &amp; CO., R. 409. 145 N. Clark St., Chicago, III CHEMIST AMAZING DISCOVERY 25 Miles on One Gallon Gas 4,000 Agents Wanted Tilif\Trwr\1 25 to 50% more miles per gat. WlKJ 1yJt\.\JL, 25 to ZS'/o more power. to sell Forte's Magic Corn Liniment. Gives relief Means Faster Ignition in ten minutes. A trial will convince you in ten One Dollar Uniform Combustion _ . No-Carbon Deposits minutes. Price 25c, by mail, 30c. Rates to agents, 15c. Postpaid wear and Tear on motor Lcs8 Agents Wanted Higher Test of Gasoline AUTO PRODUCTS CO. Dept. 72, 226 W. 138th St., N. Y. FORTE &amp; CO. 150 Dixwell Ave. New Haven, Conn. Mention THE CRISIS Doctors know that premature loss of hair is due to infective germs. They will tell you that ordinary lotions, pomades and brilliantines are more likely to harbor and encourage the germs than destroy them. If you really mean to save your hair while there is time you must use INDOL, the genuine FASTEST GROWER and SUREST Dandruff cure; a national hair remedy, INDOL contains a powerful bactericide which exterminates hair germs. Its scientific formula also includes the valuable constituents which feed and nourish the hair and stimulates it to more luxuriant growth. Special Offer For One Dollar, Ten Cents As a convincer we will send you prepaid, and war tax paid, one box Hair Grower, one box Glossine and one Jar of Face Cream; value $1.45. Learn the Indol System of Beauty Culture by correspondence course. Individual lessons in Hair Dressing, etc. Take the opportunity—become an expert hair dresser for the coming winter. Diplomas given, Improvements on other systems. Investigate by writing us for literature and particulars. Six cents sent us to cover packing and postage will bring you our literature and liberal samples of our hair grower, If your druggist or hairdresser does not carry INDOL toilet preparations, order direct from us. Special combination offer on all INDOL preparations this month. AGENTS WANTED LIBERA L COMMISSIONS INDO LABORATORIES, Corp. Dept. C-2 2257 SEVENTH AVENUE New York, N. Y. FASHION BOOK MAILED UPON REQUEST Real Human Hair AH our wigs are hand made and strictly to order, from maker to wearer. WIGS, Trans formations, switch es, and Braids and all other articles of hair goods. No. 604—Price $10.50 We carry the largest selection of Hair Dress ers' Tools. The celebrated Mme. Baum's Preparations which makes the skin velvetlike, the hair silklike. Mme. Baum's Mail Order House P. O. BOX 145. Penn. Terminal Station, New York, X. V. When writing, mention this paper. Trained Engineer Wanted Graduate electrical engineer or mechanical engineer with machine shop experience. Also a thoroughly competent machinist of high school grade. Appli cant must be able to teach his vocation. Good position for right man. Only competent man need apply. Furnish references. Write to William W. Cooke, Director Vocational Department, C. N. &amp; I. Dept., Wilberforce, Ohio. TO COLORED NEWSPAPERS! For one dollar weekly we will edit your New York column for you furnish'ng all the bright, snappy and interesting news of the metropolitan district We would also be pleased to act as your advertising and subscription agents. Send us yuur latcs to-day. The Newspaper Service Bureau Fifteen telephone 309 Broadway, connections New York, N. Y. _ , , 1 Central 266 Telephones: [ Main 220 HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 203-206 Engineers Building Cleveland, Ohio BROW N S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. Agents Wanted to sell THE CHICAGO ENTERPRISE, greatest of race newspapers. An eight page, illustrated journal •with only the latest news and the most interesting features. Supreme in its reporting service and the reputation of its contributors. Sample copy 5c. J. TIPPER," Editor 311G Indiana Ave. Chicago, 111, Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Your Gold Tooth Polished Your White Teeth Bleached By Using Dr. WELTERS' Antiseptic —TOOTH POWDER— Absolutely Free From Grit &amp; Acid And Prevents Decay Ask your druggist. If he hasn't got it, ask him" to order it for you. Send 27 Cents in Stamps for a full size package. The E. A . Welters' Tooth Powder Co., Inc. 410 BROAD ST. JACKSONVILLE, FLA. Agents and Distributors Wanted The Largest and Only Tooth Powder Manufacturing Corporation Owned and Controlled by Negroes in the United States Not an Ordinary Dentifrice but a Scientific Preparation Specially Prepared for Polishing "GOLD" in the Mouth, -BLEACHING" the Teeth and Preventing Decay. Patents secured on easy terms Write for particular,. JOS. H . STEWART, Attorney-at-Law, 494 Louialana Ave. N. W.. Washington, D. C- Earn $35.to$100 WEEKL Y AL L OR SPARE TIME Guaranteed For Ten Years You—yon reelf—can positively make $35 to WOO a week. I want men, hustling, energetic, ambitious fellows, anxious to make money, who ore willing to work with me. Not forme, but with me. Ajreyoo. that kind? I want you to advertise,sell and appoint local agents for the biggest, most fensational seller i n 50 years-the ROBINSON FOLDING BATH TUB. Demon- strati ng Tub Furnished. Here's an absolutely new invention —nothing like it. Makes instant appeal. Bells easily. Gives every home a modern, up-to-date bathroom in any part or the house. No plumbing, no water-works needed. Folds in small roll, handy as umbrella- Self-emptying, positively nnleakaule. Absolutely guaranteed for 10 years. Bemember, fully 70 per cent of homes have no bath, rooms. Sensational Sales Successes Two sales a day means $300 a month. Breeze, of Idaho, made $400 profit i n 30 days. Rev. Otto Hchul/.e, Mo.. gntSlGfjiJto date. Burkhnlder, Mont,, Orders $1012 in 17 days. Hamlinton, of Wyo., made $60 first two dare. Hundreds like that. Pleasant, permanent, fascinating work. Write a post card. Let me write you along letter. No experience needed, no capital. Youi credit Is good if you mean business. But you most bo ambitious, yon must want to make money. That sail. Write a postcard now. " I want to pay you $35 to $100 every week, H.	 S. Robinson, Pres. The Robinson Cabinet Mfg. Co. 5045 Factories Buildintf Toledo, Ohio Tel. 3437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 34 School Street	 Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection SPEND YOUR VACATION AT Beautiful Idlewild The most wonderfully ideal spot where young and old east aside for the time all the earea and worries of their strenuous, nerve-racking routine lives and romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the full nature In all her wondrous glory. The waters of the lake and surrounding trout streams are fairly teeming with game fish or the best varieties. Do you enjoy bathing, boating, fishing, hunting? Do you enjoy roaming through the woods picking wild flowers and wild berries? Do you want a place to go where you can build up your health, vitality, energy and business efficiency ? Do you enjoy mingling with the active, thinking, progressive people of the day—people who do things? Do you believe In progrtss and do you want to have a part In one of the most progressive movements of the time? Surely 1 Then you will be Interested in, and want to own a lot of your own In Beautiful Idlewild, Michigan, Tf yon net at on re vou can se cure a beautiful lot for only $35.00 each; $6.00 cash; £1.00 per week. When your payments are completed the lot will be transferred to you hy an absolute warranty deed with abstract show ing clear title. Good live energetic agents wanted Idlewild Resort Company 1110 Hartford Bldg So. Dearborn Si. Chicago, ID. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER TWO GREAT NEGRO BOOKS Emmett J. Scotts War History (A Few Interesting Chapters.) Colored Officers and How They Were Trained. Treatment of Negro Soldiers in Camp. The Negro Combat Division. Negro Soldiers Overseas. Negro Heroes of the War. Negro Soldier as a Fighter. The Spirit of the Negro at the Front. Negro Music That Stirred France. When the Boys Came Home. German Propaganda Among the Negroes. What the Negro Got Out of the War. The 38 chapters are interesting and instructive. There are 600 pages, size 7x 9 inches; price $2.90. Emmett 3. Scott, Author 744 Pages, 100 Pages of Negro Soldiers. 50 Pages of other appropriate and interesting pictures. THE KELLY MILLER HISTORY OF THE WORLD WAR is all that the title can possibly mean. The author takes up the Great Conflict, following it step by step through the thirty excellent chapters, including the Terms of Peace. The Negro's War for Democratization—He braces Himself and Claims to be the Champion of Democracy—Enters the Arena of Combat! The German Indigent—The South Sensitive— The North Quizzical—The Whole World Hesitant. The Negro Turns the Tide at Chateau Thierry—He Helps Hurl Back the Hordes of the Hun—Wins Mis Place and Right to a Voice in the Affairs of Mankind against Prejudice. Ridicule, Race Hatred and almost Insurmountable Obstacles! The book is bound in durable cloth, with substantial head band, price $2.50. In Full Kerotol Morocco (similar to cut) $3.25. Copy mailed to any address upon receipt of the price. Satisfaction guaranteed or money refunded. Prof. Kelly Miller, Author Dear Reader—We have sold more of these great hooks than have heen sold hy all other £?«J. ™P jobbers. If you want the books for your own use we will mail you the two for $5.00. If you wish to sell books, send 25 cents in stamps for one prospectus, or send 40 cents and we will mail both of them. Millions of these books are being sold, BIG MONE Y is being made hy our SALES PEOPLE. Will you join us in the distribution of good helpful race hooks. AUSTIN JENKINS CO. 523 9th St., Washington, D. C. Mention THE CRISIS, A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. Hazel.   (Mary White Ovington) ......................... $1.00 The Heart of a Woman and Other Poems.  (Georgia Douglas Johnson) .......................................... 1.25 Norris wright Cuney,   (Maud Cuney Hare) ............. 1.50 The Life and Times of Booker T. Washington. (B. F. Riley) 1.50 A Narrative of the Negro.   (Leila Amos Pendleton) ...... 1.50 Souls of Black Folk.  (W. E. B. DuBois) ................ 1.25 A Century of Negro Migration.   (Carter G. Woodson) ---- 1.10 Race Adjustment.   (Kelly Miller) ..----................ 2.00 History of the Negro.  (B. G. Brawley) ................... 1.25 The Negro Migrant in Pittsburgh. (Abraham Epstein),.. .50 Granny Maumee and Other Plays for a Negro Theatre. (Ridgely Torrence) ................................. 1.50 Half a Man.   (Mary White Ovington) .................... 1.00 Aftermath of Slavery.   (William Sinclair) ............. 1.50 My Life and Work.   (Bishop Alexander Walters) ........ 1.50 The Negro in Literature and Art.   (B. G. Brawley)...... 1.50 Fifty Years and Other Poems.   (James Weldon Johnson).. 1.25 John Brown.  (W. E. B. Du Bois) ....................... 1.50 Negro in American History.   (J. W. Cromwell) .......... 1.25 Prince Hall and His Followers.   (George W. Crawford).. 1.00 The Haitian Revolution.   (T. G. Steward) .............. 1.25 Negro Culture in West Africa.  (George W. Ellis) ....... 2.00 The Negro.   (W. E. B. Du Bois) .........................75 The Education of the Negro Prior to 1861.   (Carter G. Woodson) ......................................... 2.00 Facts of Reconstruction.  (John R. Lynch) .............. 1.50 Life and Letters of Coleridge-Taylor.   (W. C. Berwick- Sayers) ........................................... 2.25 Poems of Paul Laurence Dunbar....................... 2.25 Afro-American Folksongs.   (H. E. Krehbiel) ............ 2.00 Out of the House of Bondage.  (Kelly Miller) ............ 1.50 Booker T. Washington.    (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Beecher Stowe) .................................... 2.00 Address, THE CRISIS, : : : : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York NILE QUEEN PREPARATIONS FOR HAIR AND SKIN "Better Than the Best" FREE "NILE QUEEN" BEAUTY BOOK Just out Write for a Copy FREE For sale at all Drug Stores and first class Beauty Parlors. KASHMIR Chemical Co. Dept. K      312 So. Clark St., Chicago, Ill.