Others , made Edward J. O'Brien OTHERS A Magazine of the New Verse Edited by Alfred Kreymborg ASSOCIATE EDITORS William Carlos Williams Maxwell Bodenheim Helen Hoyt Alanson Hartpence JULY 1916 Vol. 3 No. 1 New York P. O. Box Thirteen 15 cents a Copy $1.50 a Year ####OTHERS For July, 1916 CARL SANDBURG MARIANNE MOORE WALLACE STEVENS AMY LOWELL SKIPWITH CANNELL HELEN HOYT JOHN GOULD FLETCHER IRIS BARRY ALANSON HARTPENCE CONRAD AIKEN JEANNE D'ORGE EMANUEL MORGAN MAXWELL BODENHEIM ALFRED KREYMBORG ADOLF WOLFF PADRAIC COLUM WITTER BYNNER MAX MICHELSON MINA LOY PITTS SANBORN WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS EZRA POUND Vol. III No. I ##This issue is edited by William Carlos Williams. Attention is called to a serious error in the May-June issue. In the poem by Conrad Aiken, the lines beginning with "Ram, ram, ram. All night the rain" and ending with "I do not remember one" should have appeared as the conclusion of the poem! God spare ail authors, editors, publishers, printers and publics! A. K. Copyright, 1916 by Alfred Kreymborg ##Carl Sandburg 3 OTHERS (Fantasia for Muskmelon Days) Ivory domes . . white wings beating in empty space . . Nothing doing . . nuts . . bugs . . a regular absolute humpty-dumpty business . . pos-i-tive-ly . . falling off walls and no use to call doctor, lawyer, priest . . no use, boy, no use. O Pal of Mine, O Humpty Dumpty, shake hands with me. O Ivory Domes, I am one of You: Let me in. For God's sake — let me in. ##4 Marianne Moore CRITICS AND CONNOISSEURS There is a great amount of poetry in unconscious Fastidiousness. Certain Ming Products, imperial floor coverings of coach Wheel yellow, are well enough in their way but I have seen something That I like better—a Mere childish attempt to make an imperfectly ballasted animal stand up, A determination ditto to make a pup Eat his meat on the plate. I remember a black swan on the Cherwell in Oxford With flamingo colored, maple-Leaflike feet. It stood out to sea like a battleship. Disbelief and conscious fastidiousness were the staple Ingredients in its Disinclination to move. Finally its hardihood was not proof against its Inclination to detain and appraise such bits Of food as the stream Bore counter to it; it made away with what I gave it To eat. I have seen this swan and I have seen you; I have seen ambition without Understanding in a variety of forms. Happening to stand ## Marianne Moore 5 By an ant hill, I have Seen a fastidious ant carrying a stick, north, south, east, west, till it turned on Itself, struck out from the flower-bed into the lawn, And returned to the point From which it had started. Then abandoning the stick as Useless and overtaxing his Jaws with a particle of whitewash, pill-like but Heavy, he again went through the same course of procedure. What is There in being able To say that one has dominated the stream in an attitude of self-defense, In proving that one has had the experience Of carrying a stick? ##6 Wallace Stevens THE WORMS AT HEAVEN'S GATE Out of the tomb, we bring Badroulbadour, Within our bellies, we her chariot, Here is an eye. And here are, one by one, The lashes of that eye and its white lid. Here is the cheek on which that lid declined, And, finger after finger, here, the hand, The genius of that cheek. Here are the lips, The bundle of the body and the feet. •••••• Out of the tomb we bring Badroulbadour. ## Amy Lowell 7 CHINOISERIES Reflections When I looked into your eyes, I saw a garden With peonies, and tinkling pagodas, And round-arched bridges Over still lakes. A woman sat beside the water In a rain-blue, silken garment. She reached through the water To pluck the crimson peonies Beneath the surface, But as she grasped the stems, They jarred and broke into white-green ripples, And as she drew out her hand, The water-drops dripping from it Stained her rain-blue dress like tears. Falling Snow The snow whispers about me, And my wooden clogs Leave holes behind me in the snow. But no one will pass this way Seeking my footsteps, And when the temple bell rings again They will be covered and gone. ## 8 AMY LOWELL Hoar-Frost In the cloud-grey mornings I heard the herons flying; And when I came into my garden, My silken outer-garment Trailed over withered leaves. A dried leaf crumbles at a touch, But I have seen many Autumns With herons blowing like smoke Across the sky. ##SKIPWITH CANNELL 9 ON A LONDON TENNIS COURT The land is new to me, And the people too; and the speech Is strange to me As words Spoken from another star. The trees Are green, and the birds Whistle and chirp As at home, As at home . . . ##10 HELEN HOYT DAMASK White blossoms, Frail tracery, Born of whiteness In a white world, You are more shadowy than frost flowers Growing in your smooth atmosphere, Vivid for a moment, Then palely Dimmed again: White lost in white. ##JOHN GOULD FLETCHER 11 DIRGE OF THE WORK-HORSES Slowly they pass along the pavement, Slowly they linger, With drooping heads And draggled manes; Life holds no more in store for them, Towards the knacker's yard They go. Wrecks of the city, Worn-out horses. Pitiful, mean, Ashamed that they have so soon to die, Lifting spiritless Their useless hoofs, Pulling wearily With nerveless withers, Towards oblivion, The gas-lamps and the docks of oblivion, They go; Wrecks of the city, Worn-out horses. ##12 IRIS BARRY THE DAUGHTER She had harbored heaped grudges (But deep, for the hid money's sake) Many years. And now the body Dried, and sore, continually bedridden, Lies at last in the coffin: And the cat (Ever loathsome to the deceased) Creeps in there and sleeps, Sleeps curled by the stockinged feet with long nails. The daughter discovering this, to her distraught mind Retaliation seems possible, And very quickly Drives in the screws, Working swiftly— When finished, laughing. All night The yowling of the cat, The spotted cat, Continues, And the unrest of all carrion As also the laughter. At intervals The cat's efforts for escape ## IRIS BARRY 13 Are renewed, becoming feebler, So the laughter. But when the neighbors— Coming to nail up the box And assisting, interfere— Arrive (long after dawn) All but the unrest of all carrion Has ceased. ## 14 ALANSON HARTPENCE NIGHT I make my prayer to the night; The vast, the mystical night. And all things in time will do homage with me. With what joy my thoughts dwell on the night; The soundless fathomless night. I do not fear the night Nor the death that shall bring the night to me; My absolute, my quiet night. There is no truth greater than that of night; After all there is night; Night with dark and mystery. A thousand million stars shall blaze on the night, Still shall my night reign supreme. A thousand million tongues shall wail on the night, Still shall my night silent be. O vast and mystical night, Beloved of space and strange-eyed worlds, What homage do I pay unto thee! With utter prostration I worship at thy shrine; Thou art my bed, my grave, my all, For earth has no home for me. The foolish trees, the crawling life; Bastard things of time and chance, Are but repulsive to me:— Therefore I make my home in the night. In my night there is truth; ## ALANSON HARTPENCE 15 In my night there is simplicity: Space woos my night with fathomless love, And I also feel the seduction of space. I love its sweeping sensation on my mind; I love the madness of heart that it confers on me. In space there is no tomorrow to haunt me Nor today to disgust me:— Therefore I make my home in the night. There is quiet in my night, And my night questions not; There is rest in my night, Rest and simplicity:— Therefore I make my home in the night. And when thou hast come, O night, And swept my little me Into thy strange mantle of oblivion, Give one great moment of thy supreme silence Wherein to damn the little tinkering mind of men Into a sense of its own inconsequence. ## 16 CONRAD AIKEN ILLUSIONS 1. Green fingers lifting a pebble, green fingers uncurling, the slant and splash of a waterdrop between eternities; earth slipping from old roots, and the stealth of white petals in the sun all day long; brown chimney pots descending against a cloud in silence; between walls the dry whir of a sparrow's wings . . . am I these, or more? 2. Night, old prowler through the streets of my body, night, with a heavy moon on your shoulder— I descend from the roofs to track you. 3. Clear eyed flame betrayer of earth ## CONRAD AIKEN 17 draw back from the sun! Go in once more to the wet grains, your secret. . . We who walk alone have a fear of tale bearers. 4. We hear rain, and our hearts are paved with it; we hear rain, and in the darkness we turn and cry. Silver drops shake in the dust, the dust will be pitted, we open our eyes, sightless, we are afraid. 5 Where there is dew, our footsteps will be black. But where there is sun, who will follow? ##18 JEANNE D'ORGE THE FLIGHT They locked the doors: they barred the windows, By stealth took shoes from me and stockings, But you passed up the street Whistling my song Calling my name. On naked feet, coatless, hatless, bleeding, I ran— No words between, no foolish words, You only took my hand, we went on together, Walking the streets all night, Walking the tragic streets. Dawn found us on a sleepy bench, Two happy owls blinking at sunrise. ##EMANUEL MORGAN 19 OPUS 11 This is a true Spectrum Of Elijah Hay. The first time, I saw a Van Dyck beard— With nothing under it. The second time, I saw a round nose With nostrils as delicately curled As the cup of an acorn, And a mouth faintly pursed As for a taste of timothy, And eyes that bubbled under glass: A face with thoughts in it Like trout in a field. Such a difference Comes Of a razor. ##20 MAXWELL BODENHEIM CLEAVING The darkness meditates Upon the ghost of a moon-strand That crept into it, and died. So do I think of you, after parting. The dark green sea Has the darker shadow of a cloud That scampers over it. So does your soul come to me After we walk away. A thin blue morning, shaped like a bell, Hangs in a last tower and never moves. So do you seem, after you have gone. ##ALFRED KREYMBORG 21 DAWNS I have gone from pride all the way up to humility this day-to-night. The hill was more terrible than ever before. Near the top you may note a tall slim tree. It isn't bent; it doesn't lean. It is only looking back. At dawn, under that tree, still another me of mine was buried. Waiting for me to come again, humorously solicitous of what I bring next, it looks down. ##22 ADOLF WOLFF MENDING Night a shop window two women mending doing invisible mending the light close to their eyes their eyes close to their work wearing out their eyes mending wearing out their life mending doing invisible mending. ## PADRAIC COLUM 23 THE BEAST SHOP Two little creatures With faces the size of A pair of pennies Are clasping each other— "Ah, do not leave me," One says to the other, In the high monkey-cage in the beast-shop. There are no people To gape at them now— The sky-signs are lighted, And people are loath to Peer in the dimness. Have they not builded Streets and play-houses Sky-signs and bars To slip from the lonesomeness Shaking the hearts Of the two little monkeys? And one who watches The penny-small faces There in the dimness Can hear the voices "Ah, do not leave me, Suck I will give you, ##24 PADRAIC COLUM Warmth and clasping, And if you slip from This beam, I will never Find you again." Dim is the evening, And chill is the weather: Behind the high window Like fish in a tank Are the two creatures Drawn from a colored Hemisphere. Two little monkeys With faces the size of A pair of pennies, And voices as low as The flow of my blood. ## WITTER BYNNER 25 THE HIGHEST BIDDER To the highest bidder, Your birthplace, Walt Whitman, Under the hammer. . . . The old farm on Paumanok north of Huntington, Its trees, Its leaves of grass! Voices bid and counterbid over those ninety acres. . . And your own voice among them, like an element, Roaring and outbidding. ## 26 Max Michelson THE MAGICIAN Kiss me. . . . I have brought a plot of green grass and spread it under us. See me with my hands push away the walls And wave off the ceiling with the roof and rafters. I have planted some trees too,— Can you see the shining apples? ## Mina Loy 27 TO YOU The city Wedged between impulse and unfolding Bridged By diurnal splintering Of egos Round The aerial news-kiosk Where you Statically Hob-nob With a nigger And a deaf-mute Of introspection Plopping finger In Stephen's ink Made you hybred-negro A couple of manuscriptural erasures And here we have your deaf-mute Beseech him He will never with-hold so Completely As the tattle of tongue-play Or your incognito Lit cavities in the face of the city Open their glassy embrace to receive you ##28 Mina Loy In your mask of unborn ebony And the silence of your harangue The tight-rope stretched above commotion Frays to tow To the step tentative And shadows are yours for the taking Where the mono-rabble Plays the one-stringed banjo On the noise of its ragged heart Inaudible In the shattering city Alien as your aboriginal In the levelling dirt— ## Pitts Sanborn 29 VIE DE BORDEAUX Idyl Out of the sea Brown glance sparkling To me in laughter Under pencilled scimitars, Brown hair grown deep On ribbon of brow, Cheeks claret and cream, Nose (did your mother wink at a Jew? Oh, handsome Jew!), But— Mouth the bow that Cupid bent. Out of the sea, Out of the sea Forgetfulness, Respite of every suffering For slimness Burnished of Biscayan sun— Miracle's creaky joints unbend, Doddering pander a yearling prances, Fie on the jubilation!— And war, and war— Love is now that, O sea and Biscayan sun! Youth. ##30 William Carlos Williams DRINK My whiskey is a tough way of life: The wild cherry continually pressing back peach orchards. I am a penniless rumsoak. Where shall I have that solidity which trees find in the ground? My stuff is the feel of good legs and a broad pelvis under the gold hair ornaments of skyscrapers. ## Ezra Pound 31 FROM THE CHINESE From the Notes of the late Ernest Fenollosa. TO-EM-MEFS "THE UNMOVING CLOUD." "Wet spring time," says To-em-mei, "Wet spring in the garden." I. The clouds have gathered and gathered, and the rain falls and falls, The eight ply of the heavens are all folded into one darkness, And the wide flat road stretches out. I stop in my room towards the East, quiet, quiet, I pat my new cask of wine. My friends are estranged, or far distant, I bow my head and stand still. II. Rain, rain, and the clouds have gathered, The eight ply of the heavens are darkness, The flat land is turned into river. "Wine, wine, here is wine!" I drink by my eastern window. I think of talking and man, And no boat, no carriage approaches. ##32 Ezra Pound III The trees in my east-looking garden are bursting out with new twigs, They try to stir new affection, And men say the sun and moon keep on moving because they can't find a soft seat. The birds flutter to rest in my tree and I think I have heard them saying, "It is not that there are no other men But we like this fellow the best, Yet however we long to speak He cannot know of our sorrow." T'ao Yuan Ming (a. d. 365-427). Reprinted by permission of THE NEW AGE. ######