The Crisis CALIFORNIA NUMBER THE CRISIS AUGUST, 1913 TEN CENTS A COPY STATE OF NEW YORK The Emancipation Proclamation Commission OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WILL HOLD A NATIONAL EMANCIPATION EXPOSITION IN NEW YORK CITY OCTOBER 22-31, 1913 For information address the Commission at its offices Corner of 7th Avenue and 131st Street, New York City Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. AT 26 VESEY STREET, NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. Burghardt Du Bois Contents for August, 1913 ARTICLES Page BILL HUDSON—HERO. A Story. By T. R. Patten 187 OUR NEIGHBORS. A Poem. By H. Pearson 188 COLORED CALIFORNIA 192 DEPARTMENTS ALONG THE COLOR LINE 163 MEN OF THE MONTH 172 OPINION 175 EDITORIAL 181 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 189 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTR A . RENEWALS : When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANG E OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people arc desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York, N. V. 160	 TH E CRISIS Agricultural and Mechanical College State summer school for colored teachers. Fourteenth annua l session began June 23, 1913, and continues five weeks. Board, lodging and fees for the session, $14.00. Limited accommodations. Send $1.00 in advance and reserve room. For catalog or further information address: STATE SUMMER SCHOOL Agricultural and Mechanical College GREENSBORO, N. C. "In the Heart of the Healthy Hills" The Agricultural and Mechanical College NORMAL, ALABAMA Makes a special effort to meet the needs of young people who must work out their own salvation. It gives breadwinners a chance to go to school and so puts a first-class English education and a trade within the reach of every young person of push and purpose. Board, lodging and washing cost $9 per month. An entrance fee of $10 covers medicine, hospital care and doctor's bill for the year. School opens the first Monday in October and closes the last Thursday in May. WALTER S. BUCHANAN, President Morehouse College (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School A n institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest Northern universities. Debating, Y.	 M . C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President. ADVERTISER Fisk University NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 H. H. Wright, Dean Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educa tional and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro history. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standards of independent manhood and womanhood. Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Nor mal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth, Smith and Wellesley. Forty-two years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for Self-help. Fall Term Begins September, 1913. For information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. Virginia Union University RICHMOND, VA. A College Department, of high standards and modern curriculum. A Theological Department, with all subjects generally required in the best theological seminaries. An Academy, wjth manual training, giving a preparation for life or for college. The positive moral and religious aim of the school, its high standards of entrance and of class work, its fine new buildings and well-equipped laboratories and library prepare a faithful student for a life of wide usefulness. GEORGE RICE HOVEY, President Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS Virginia Theological Seminary and College, Lynchburg, Va. COLLEGE OF LIBERAL ARTS — Standard Bachelor of Arts Course (B.A.). Scientific Course leading to the degree Bachelor of Science (B.S.). THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY—With full theological course leading to degree of Bachelor of Divinity (B.D.), including Greek, Hebrew, Sociology and Social Psychology. ACADEMIC COURSE—Which prepares for college, teaching and professional schools. NORMAL DEPARTMENT—Offering special training to teachers. Doing extensive work .in Pedagogy and Education. Co-educationnl. Three hundred and five students last year, representing fifteen States, South and West Coast Africa, South America and British West Indies. Strong, efficient, experienced faculty. ROBERT C. WOODS, President. The Downingtown Industrial and Agricultural School Wil l begin its ninth session September 16, 1913 Higher English, Trades, Agriculture, Domestic Science, Dressmaking, Millinery, Typewriting, Stenography, Music, etc. Address all communications to Wm. A. Creditt, President, 628 S. 19th Street, Philadelphia, Pa., or B. C. Burnett, Secretary, Downingtown, Pa. School of Medicine of Howard Univcrsity INCLUDING MEDICAL, DENTAL AND PHARMACEUTICAL COLLEGES 1867-1913 Edward A. Balloch, M. D., Dean William C McNeill, M. D., Secretary The forty-sixth annual session will begin October 1, 1913, and continue eight months. The medical college of Howard University is now recognized by the British authorities and its graduates are admitted to the final examinations on the same conditions as the graduates from other recognized medical colleges. Advanced requirements for admission to the medical college. Four years' graded course in medicine. Three years' graded course in dental surgery. Three years' graded course in pharmacy. Full corps of instructors, well-equipped laboratories, unexcelled hospital facilities. For further information or catalog, write W. C McNEILL, M. D., Secretary Fifth and W Sts., N. W., Washington, D. C Mention  ADVERTISER Inter-State Industrial College We Train the Head, Heart and Hand One hundred and fifteen acres of land Bituated in healthy climate. Capable faculty; efficient work in industrial and literury training. Dormitories for boys and girls. Assistance for deserving poor. Interdenominational contributions solicited. RUFUS S. STOUT, President Texarkana Texas THE TEXARKANA GRUB-AX A paper fur the masses as well as for the classes. Primarily it is a home paper, as it appeals to every member of the family. Subscription price, $1 the year. Rev. J. H. CLAYBORN, Editor and Manager 119 E. 9th Street Texarkana, Ark. 'Phones: Residence, 515; Office. 642; Hospital. 403. DR. J. R. SHEPPARD Physician and Surgeon Chief surgeon and superintendent of Sheppard Sanitarium and Nurse Training School. Marshall Texai 'Phones: Residence, 159; Office, 4G2. DR. P. L. HARROLD Physician and Surgeon Practicing Physician of Wiley University and King Home Marshall Texas DR. 0. LOYATUS BLEDSOE Medicine and Surgery Office, McPhail Bldg., 111 '/2 W. Houston Avenue Residence, 727 W. Grand Avenue Marshall, Tex. Long distance 'phone 2008. FRED. T. JONES, M. D. Founder and House Surgeon of Mercy Sanitarium Office, 852 Texas Avenue . . . . Shreveport, La. 'Phone 854. CENTRAL PHARMACY DRUG STORE Recently installed new and modern equipments. The most up-to-date colored drug store in East Texas. Orders by mail or 'phone receive prompt attention. Wheel delivery. 213 State Street Texarkana, Tex. THE 0. K. SHINING PARLOR For Ladies and Gentlemen Excellent service. The most up-to-date parlor in the city. Also clothes cleaned and pressed. All work guaranteed. 314'/ W. Broad Street Texarkana, Tex. a R. L. D. EASLEY handles life, health and accident Insurance for old, reliable companies of New York and Chicago. Write or call 1225 Phenia Ave., Texarkana, Tex. For auto service or physician call DR. J. W. LONG Office, 218 W. Broad Street; New 'Phone 976 Residence, 1508 North Street; New 'Phone 955 Texarkana Texas 'Phones: Residence, New 831; Old 964. Office, New 854; Old 973. DR. G. U. JAMISON Physician and Surgeon 213 State Street Texarkana, Tex. 'Phones 973 and 1472. DR. HARVEY SPARKS Physician and Surgeon Office over Central Pharmacy --- Texarkana, Tex. 'Phones: Residence, 86; Office, 69. OR. T. E. SPEED Physician and Surgeon National Orand Master U. B. F. &amp; S. M. T.; Grand Medical Director Iv. of P. lod-ies of jurisdiction of Texas; Dean Nurse Training Department, Bishop College. Jefferson Texas TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER OF INTEREST TO VOCAl STUDENTS TONE - PLACING AND VOICE - DEVELOPMENT Points explained, viz.: Breath in Singing, Trying the Voice, the Soprano, the Mezzo-Soprano, the Contralto, Tenor Leggiero or High Tenor, the Baritone, the Bass, Parts of the Vocal Apparatus, the Mouth, the Tongue, Position When Practising, Position When Singing, How to Practice, Good Rules for Singing. Comment from the world-renowned conductor of the Paulist Choir of Chicago, 111., whose choir has just received the first prize awarded at the Singing Contest held in Paris on May 25, 1912: "Dear Mr. Tinsley: "I take great pleasure in commending your very useful and succinctly written book on 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development.' Your own appreciation of the psychology of singing; and the fundamental principles of the art you have cleverly reduced to a simple system. Cordially yours, "Father WILLIAM J. FINN", CU S. P.. Director Paulist Choristers of Chicago." From "Musical Courier." N. T.: "A very practical little book is 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development,' by Pedro T. Tinsley. It contains some very excellent material and vocal exercises, and should be in the hands of all vocal students." From "Music News." Chicago, 111.: "Accordingly his 'Practical Method of Singing' is a most concise and practical little manual, containing many valuable vocal exercises. It cannot fail to be helpful to all ambitious vocal students." HELPED HIM GREATLY ''Since I practised your exercises of 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development' my voice is more resonant than it has been for years. It seems to me that I am getting a new voice.'' Prof. John T. Layton, Director Coleridge-Taylor Musical Society, 1722 10th St., N . W., Washington, D. C. PRICE $1.00 Address the publisher: PEDRO T. TINSLEY 6448 Drexel Avenue CHICAGO, ILL. FREE SUIT Free Overcoat &gt;) Free Outfit and $60°°aWEEK No matter what line of business you are in—what kind of a job you hold— what other line you are handling—or how much money you are making- you simply can't afford to pass up this amazingly sensational and wonderfully liberal offer. No other tailoring concern in the world is in a position or can afford to duplicate this offer. We put you in business on our capital—make you a swell suit and overcoat FREE— make it so easy for you to succeed that help earning $60 a week and more. you si: can't Outfits Cost Us $76,000 Listen! This is the most gorgeously stupendous Agent's Outfit ever conceived and executed by the skill of man! Cost us $76,000—yet it costs you only 1 cent for a postal to got one. Our famous Book of Gold, Masterpiece Edition shows 96 fashions, 220 samples—all different—all distinctive. Complete outfit—biggest and most magnificent ever produced—everything you need FREE and beside you get Your Swell Suit snd Overcoat Free Made to your own measure from style and fabric selected by you. Makes you the swellest dressed man in town. Everybody wants up-to-date clothes like yours, and orders pour in to you. We prepay all express charges. You take no risk. $5,000 guarantee bond behind every garment —money back if not perfectly satisfactory. No money-no experience necessary. Snappy selling helps and valuable presents for your customers—everything FREE and sent at once. Write today—a postal will do. Great Central Tailoring Co. Dept. 756 Chicago, III. Mention TH E SHEET MUSIC! Popular selections at wholesale. To introduce our proposition we will send Three Big Hits, Postpaid, for 10c. KELLER, ROBINSON &amp; MUNKS 36 W. 118th St., New York MAKE EXTRA MONEY EACH WEEK In a lig-ht. pleasant and profitable work. We want a good colored personfmale or female! In every colored community to take orders for our high-grade calling cards. We are furnishing these cards at 50c per 100 or Z5c for 50 cards with name andTiddress. We allow our agents a liberal commission on all orders they send in You are sure to make a success of this work for calling cards are in great demand everywhere Outfit furnished free. Exclusive territory given. Write now for terms THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING Dosk 21 INDIANAPOLIS, IND. $2,000 in Five Weeks! Made by one Robinson salesman. You—yourself—can positively make $60 and expenses every week. I want men like you. hustling, energetic, ambitious fellows, anxious to make money, who are willing to work with me. Not for me. but with me. I want yon to advertise, sell and appoint local agents for the biggest, most sensational seller in 50 years—the ROBINSON FOLDING BATH TUB. Here's an absolutely new Invention that has taken the entire country by storm. Nothing else like it. Gives every home a modern up-to-date bathroom in any part of the house. No plumbing, no waterworks needed. Folds In small roll, handy as an umbrella. Self-emptying and positively unleakable. Absolutely guaranteed for 5 years. Hustjers—east, north, west, south—coinins money. Orders, orders, everywhere. Badly wanted, easerlv bought, for, remember, fully 70% of homes have no bathrooms. Immense profits for you. Two sales a day means $300 a month. Here's proof—real proof. Will Gunckel, Ohio, got $240 worth of orders first week. A. Bernider, Kansas, made 530 in four hours. Hamlinton, of Wyo., made $60 first two days. Hundreds like that. Pleasant, permanent, fascinating work. This Is not idle talk. Make me prove it. Write a postcard. Let me write you a lone letter. Then decide. No experience needed, no capital. Your credit is good if you mean business. But you must be ambitious, vou must want to make money. That's all. Write a postcard now. I want to pay you sixty dollars every week. Sales Mgr., THE ROBINSON MFG . CO. 111 Vance Street Toledo. Ohio Mention the CRISIS. THE CRISIS Vol. 6—No. 4 	AUGUST. 1913 Whole No. 34 ALONG THE COLOR LINE SOCIAL UPLIFT. " Following close upon Pennsylvania's •*• additional $75,000 to its original ap propriation of $2.3,000 for an emancipation -exposition, Illinois passed a bill granting ^'25,000 for a similar purpose. This makes the fourth Northern State—New Jersey and New York being the other two—to make an effort to mark in a fitting manner the fiftieth year since the emancipation of slavery, not in their respective commonwealths, for it is more than half a century since slavery expired in any of the States mentioned, but in the United States. In Arkansas and other Southern States efforts are being made by colored people to secure from their legislatures recognition of the emancipation, and a number of Chicago Negroes are taking the initiative in a renewed effort to secure from Congress an appropriation for a national celebration •which will make this or next year an •epoch	 in the history of the Negro. A n interesting feature of the Illinois bill is that, in contrast to the New York commission, which is composed entirely of colored men, the Illinois commission is to have a white majority of the nine members, for the governor is to be the chairman and two members are to be drawn from each house of the legislature. In addition to these it is expected that Governor Dunne will add an additional white person, bringing the total to six, as against three colored. In New York, where the governor and the legislature have expressed their confidence in the Negro race by placing the work of the commission entirely in the hands of colored men, the first to attack the commission and strive assiduously to prevent it from accomplishing its task is a Negro newspaper scribbler who failed to secure a place on the commission in order to create discord within. Happily, however, harmony prevails in the body. As to the general scope of the exposition there is no difference of opinion, and the New York plan is typical of the arrangements in other States. The commission seeks to make this exposition distinctly and impressively educational. There will be as little as possible of the country-fair type of exposition. The commission rather stresses the conferences and congresses on the religious, economic and other important aspects of the problem of the advance of the race. In this way the commission hopes to do a work that will have a more lasting effect upon the American public. A special feature of the exposition will be the series of pageants illustrating historically the progress of the Negro from the remotest times; his migration to the New World and so on down to and since his emancipation from slavery. In addition to this, special departments of art, literature, inventions, etc., will be placed in charge of competent persons well informed in their respective branches. The commission is to prepare a roll of honor of 200 men, selected by their fellows, as being really representative leaders of the race. The exposition wilj cover the last ten days TH E CRISIS of October, and three of these will be called, respectively, Governor's Day, Douglass Day and Lincoln Day. The exhibit will comprise thirteen divisions. (1) Africa, showing arts and crafts, distribution of NegToes on the continent, historical map. (2) Distribution of Negro blood throughout the world; growth of the race in America. (3) Health and physique. (4) Occupations, illustrated with moving-pictures. (5) Science and inventions, (6') Education. (7) Religion. (8) Civics. (9) Work of women. (10) Painting and sculpture. (11) Literature. (12) Architecture. This exhibit is to be housed in a small central temple designed by a colored architect, which will also contain pieces of sculpture by NegToes, a library of Negro newspapers and books, together with paintings and decorations by Negroes. (13) Music, including two public concerts. The New York commission may not be able to do all of this with the $25,000 at its disposal, but with the sympathetic cooperation of white, and especially of colored people, the exposition can be made a tremendous influence for good understanding and mutual respect between the races. It is especially important that the New York exposition should be as comprehensive as possible in its scope, for, with the position of New York City as a center of thought not only for the United States, but for the whole world, there can be no telling the esteem for the Negro which will emanate from an exposition of Negro history and progress successfully conducted by Negroes. The work of the New York commission calls for the support and encouragement of all Negroes who have at heart the interests of their race and especially of those who reside in the city and State of New York. The New Jersey commission will hold its exposition at Atlantic City in September. The place and time are well chosen, for the famous summer resort will then contain its densest population. Owing to the failure of the commission to use before a stipulated time $7,500 of the first half of the total appropriation of $20,000, this money has reverted to the State treasury. The slowness of the commission in spending money was due to their desire to put the appropriation to the best possible use, and it is felt that it was a^ great injustice to take away, on a mere technicality in the law, so large an amount of the small appropriation. It will be recalled that the then Governor Wilson, in signing the bill for the exposition, said he stood ready to sign a bill for a larger appropriation, but the legislature has failed to act accordingly. A voluntary subscription list has been started and has received the support of a large number of public-spirited citizens, white and black. The New Jersey celebration has thus become a popular movement and its success ought thereby to be assured. The Pennsylvania exposition will be held in Philadelphia during the whole month of September. Exhibits ought to arrive in Philadelphia not later than August 15, and communications referring thereto should be addressed to R. E. Wright, Jr.. director of exhibits, 1352 Lombard Street, Philadelphia. In New York W. E. Burghardt Du Bois is chairman of the committee on exhibits, and in New Jersey information as to this department may be obtained from the Eev. Solomon Porter Hood, American Mechanics' Building, Trenton. «J The Chicago Y . M . 0. A . has been dedicated. Besides its other attractions, the building offers lodging accommodations to 200 young men. It was erected at a cost of $195,000, of which sum $20,000 was contributed by Negroes of Chicago. *J The colored Y . M . C. A . of Los Angeles has completed the purchase of a $15,000 lot for its proposed $100,000 building. In Cincinnati the colored people have raised $8,000 toward a Y M . C. A . structure. *I The cornerstone of the new Y . M . C. A . has been laid in Philadelphia. Tulsa, Okla., hopes soon to have a colored Y. M. C. A. &lt;I The city of Nashville is to contribute $5,000 if the Negroes will give $1,000 for the erection of a library for colored, people. *I The Odd Fellows of New Haven, Conn., have erected a $40,000 building. ^ White and colored people in Charlotte. N . C , are making efforts to establish a colored reform school. Steps are being taken in Roanoke, Va., to found a home for wayward colored girls. &lt;I In Cincinnati colored men have formed an organization to promote the economic and social betterment of the race, and in ALONG THE Columbus a Friendly Fellowship Association of America, with like objects, has been formed. &lt;J At Lincolnton, N . C , a civic league for the improvement of health conditions among Negroes has been formed. «I The Harlem Mothers' Club of New York has become a member of the E. S. F. W. C. The Mothers' Club is an auxiliary of the Hope Day Nursery. The Urban League calls attention to the fact that Harlem's large population of Negroes is without a playground for the children. Writing in the Globe, "Paleface" supports the league's contention for a playground: " A few weeks ago I saw a colored boy playing in West 135th Street (it was on his eighth birthday). Playing on the road, 'there being no playground.' He was accidentally knocked down and run over by an automobile, picked up, apparently lifeless, and rushed to the Harlem Hospital. "Last evening, passing the same locality, I saw another boy skating on the road with the same boyish carelessness. I called him over and told him I had seen a boy killed, playing on the road near the same spot. He replied: 'Killed! Why, he ain't killed, mister, that's him over there on the sidewalk, him with the white waist on, but he can't skate half as fast as he could before.' "His answer to my request that he be careful was: 'I want to skate and I've got to skate somewhere.' In other words— being a natural boy—'I must play—if there are no playgrounds, then "the roads for mine." ' " *I In Kalamazoo the Independent Lincoln Club has brought a colored doctor and lawyer to the city and has secured the increasing respect of the white people by its worthy civic activities. &lt;J In Virginia an investigation into health conditions among Negroes is arousing public sentiment in favor of their betterment. ^ H . St. John Boldt, a Princeton student, of Southern ancestry, but residing in New York, was compelled by respectable white people of Cranbury, N . J., to apologize for an insult offered to John Hall and Harry Roberts, both colored. Boldt had threatened COLOR LINE these men with a revolver on their demanding an apology for the insult. *I Colored men of Nashville are planning to found, on a 5,000-acre estate, a model city in which preachers are to be chosen by popular election and to receive the same salary as policemen, no rivalry among denominations is to be permitted 1 and no liquor is to be sold or given away. *I The Great Northern, Northern Pacific and Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul dining-car waiters are organizing a building and loan association in Seattle and Tacoma. Each waiter is required to buy $10 worth of shares every month until they have raised a capital of $250,000. Over 400 waiters are interested in this project. *I The city council of Boston has voted $20,000 for a suitable memorial to Wendell Phillips. *I The colored people of .Cleveland are trying in vain to get the mayor to protect colored residence districts from organized vice. ^ Nashville colored young men are organizing an athletic association. *1 A colored men's club has been started in Keokuk, la.; another organized in Oklahoma City; and in Dayton, O., a home for working girls and a day nursery are planned. &lt;J The Hale Infirmary, of Montgomery, Ala., is being supported by colored people, who are raising a special fund for current expenses. «I The State Federation of Colored Women's Clubs of South Carolina met at Florence, June 25 and 27. Delegates were present from all the clubs in the State and an interesting program in many details was carried out. Over $1,600 was raised during the year for charitable purposes. Subscriptions to various papers and magazines for shut-in children and older people were made, and donations to several charities given. The lengthening of rural-school terms and the matter of arousing patrons to their support will be undertaken by field workers of the federation this year. The following executive officials were elected: President, Mrs. Marion B. Wilkinson, Orangeburg; first vice-president, Mrs. J. R. Levy, Florence; corresponding secretary, Mrs. D. L. Frazier, Spartanburg. The federation will meet next June at Sumter. TH E CRISIS CHURCH. 'The Roman Catholic Church in the United States devotes to missionary effort among Negroes and Indians an annual collection on the first Sunday in Lent. Last year the total amount obtained for this work was $110,549.35. *I Archdeacon Bragg, of Baltimore, recommends the consecration of a colored bishop for Episcopalians in Boley and other Negro communities in Oklahoma. &lt;I The first issue of the Georgia Congregationalist, the organ of the colored congregational convention, has appeared at Atlanta. ^ The Mission House and Institutional Church for Negroes at Louisville is now free of debt. ^ The educational board of the general Baptist convention of Texas is conducting a campaign for $175,000 to free from debt the schools controlled by this, church—Guadalupe College, Central Texas College and Boyd Institute. A Texas philanthropist "who is not a Christian" has contributed $40,000 to the fund. 1 In an address at Grace Church, New York, the Right Rev. William A. Guerry, Bishop of South Carolina, stated that before the Civil War there were in his diocese, as generally in the South, as many Negro communicants as white, but that emancipation, prejudice and indifference on the part of the whites had forced most of the colored people into religious bodies of their own. The white man is, however, coming to appreciate his duty toward the Negro, and the bishop urged his hearers to lend their aid to the work among the colored people. The bishop said : "When the disciples came upon the man born blind they, in a speculative mood, asked: 'Who did sin, this man or his parents, that he should be born blind?'—a question typical of the view we once took of the presence of the African in America. Who did sin—the slave catcher, the slave trader, the planter, the abolitionist or the fire eater —who did sin? How contrary to the disciples was Jesus' attitude of practical helpfulness toward the blind man. 'Neither did this man sin, nor his parents, but that the works of God should be made manifest in him.' " &lt;I Rev. Charles Martin, of Beth Tphillah Church, New York, is' said to be the first colored man to be admitted to the full presbyterate of the Moravian Church, although the Moravians or United Brethren were the earliest denomination to undertake to Christianize the Negro. Mr. Martin was ordained at Bethlehem, Pa., in July. MUSIC AND ART. The music reviewer in Vogue says: • "Those who are looking hopefully to America to produce music which shall offer a beauty that is racial and distinct from the music of other lands have recently listened with interest to the compositions based upon themes of the Negro melodies. The John Powell concerto played by Efrem Zimbalist and the 'Comedy Overture on Negro Themes' performed by the Theodore Thomas Orchestra last month prove that there is inspiration for our composers here as well as abroad, though it was necessary for a foreigner, Anton Dvorak, to point the way with his 'New World' symphony, which is replete with the rich yet plaintive melodies characteristic of the Negro race. * * * In Berlin an Indian girl is soon to make a debut in opera—the swan song of a vanishing race, perhaps, or the prefiguration of a new achievement." *I Clarence Whitehill, baritone, of the Chicago Grand Opera Company, was soloist at the part-song concert of the Arion Club of Milwaukee last month. His singing of one of the "bandanna" songs—a Negro song written by 'Sidney Homer—was said to be one of the most enjoyable features of the evening. *I "Uncle Rome," of the same group of songs, which are in the Negro idiom, was among the most successful song's given by Charles W. Clark, the American baritone, at his Paris recital. &lt;I A well-known impresario and actor sends us the following letter: " 'Show business' may not have come under your direct observation, but it is a profession that is furnishing employment to hundreds of colored girls and boys. Every town of any consequence, in the South, has its colored picture or playhouse, but I am sorry to say that the major portion of the young women and men entering this profession are ignorant, and aside from a natural talent for singing and dancing are all unqualified ALONG THE to appear before intelligent audiences. Most of the performances in these small houses are a disgrace and an. insult. "Unscrupulous managers, mostly white, anxious to till their pockets with the Negro's nickles and dimes, caring nothing for his intellectual advancement, encourage the performers to make use of suggestive lines, vulgar jokes, etc. You can imagine what class of people this draws to the theatre, but the manager cares only that he tills his theatre, and be usually does. "Daily and nightly colored girls and boys are being educated in these 'smut' shops. What kind of an education are they receiving? The commonest theme for a sketch between two men or man and woman is a burlesque on the sanctity of the marriage relation, thereby encouraging immorality. Is it right that the good people of these towns should ignore this system of education'? "I have been combating this evil influence with all my power, but I need assistance. I am well known and, I believe, well liked by these Southern performers, and I have accomplished some good. What ability I have as a writer has been used in this direction. I have written numerous articles encouraging and entreating the young men and women to study and perfect themselves in their work. This is why I desire to learn how to write well. "The stage is an educator. It is a potent influence for good or evil that may not be ignored. We can accomplish much good if the public will meet us half way. I trust this subject will interest you and the association. I will be glad to furnish you further information upon the subject." COURTS. Mr. ROBINSON and Dr. Crampton, two •*• •*• prominent colored men of Harrisburg, Pa., won a discrimination suit against the proprietor of a theatre. On the night on which they purchased tickets, a notice was posted at the ticket office to the effect that: "The balcony of this theatre is provided for our colored patrons. If you do not desire to sit in the balcony do not purchase tickets, as they will not be honored in any section of the theatre." But Mr. Robinson bought tickets for the lower part of the theatre and, on attempting to occupy the COLOR LINE proper seats, the manager informed him that he and his companion would have to go upstairs. In charging the jury the judge said: "It does not do for the proprietor of a place of that kind to say: 'You can just come in and sit on the balcony.' He has no right to compel you to climb the stairway on to the balcony when there are unoccupied seats on the first floor. You have the right to select your own seat, if it has not been reserved and not occupied by anybody else, and as long as you behave yourself in a quiet and orderly way. "Something has been said about this act relating to hotels and prohibiting the refusal to admit to the hotel or to furnish accommodations at the hotel because of race or color. That is the law of this State. It is part of this statute,, and a very proper enactment, and one which the courts and juries must enforce. If there be anything wrong about the law, the. remedy is by address to the legislature and a modification or repeal of the law. This law, as long as it remains on the statute book, must be enforced by juries and by courts. As I have just said, it prohibits the refusal to admit to a hotel or to give accommodations at a hotel because of race or color. That law with respect to a hotel would be violated if, because of the race or color of a man, he would be refused a room on the first or second floor of the building when he was able and willing to pay for it, and the rooms were unoccupied, and the proprietor undertook to send him either to the attic or to the basement; that would be refusing accommodations because of race or color, if that was the reason for sending him either to the attic or down into the basement. Rights must be recognized and privileges? must not be refused because of race or color. That is the purpose of this act and its express declaration." *I At the first trial of Police Sergeant Duffy in New York for graft the jury failed to bring in a conviction, after having been out more than twenty-four hours. It was found that from first to last the ballot had stood eleven to one for conviction. The solitary friend of Duffy and crime declared that his Southern birth did not permit him to convict a white man on the testimony of a Negro witness. Duffy was convicted TH E CRISIS and sent to jail on a second trial without the Southern juror. *I A n Ohio court has prohibited the Negro Elks from using any title and insignia suggesting similarity to the white order. &lt;I A New York jury awarded $5,000 damages to the widow of Waverly Carter, in a civil action against a man named Plitt for causing the murder of her husband. Plitt was a newspaper agent of Becker, who is now in Sing Sing for the murder of a gambler. Plitt was himself indicted for the murder of the Negro, who was killed in a raid by Becker's strong-arm squad on a Negro gambling hall, and it is said but for the testimony of a Negro clergyman who did not like gambling, Plitt would have been convicted. As it is he has no money to pay the damages awarded in the civil action. *I A t Columbus, 0., Judge Evans awarded $50 to Graham Deuwell, a colored lawyer, in a discrimination suit against a confectioner. &lt;I A Chicago court awarded $2,500 damages to a white woman who sued Jack Johnson for having been struck accidentally in the face when a punching bag' which he had been using in a theatrical exhibition was torn from its fastenings and started to punch the audience. Johnson paid the damages assessed and set out for Europe in the hope of making some more money. The United States government failed in its attempt to prevent him from leaving this country, although lie declared that he intended to return to face the appeal pending against his conviction under the law for the protection of so-called white slaves. THE GHETTO. A SEGREGATION ordinance has been passed in Atlanta. *I Governor Dunn vetoed an amendment to the Illinois civil-rights law prohibiting discrimination against Negroes in cemeteries. The governor took this action because the Attorney-General considered the amendment unconstitutional. ^ B y order of the park commissioner in St. Louis "no Negroes will be allowed in the Fair Ground Park swimming pool." In this city the United Welfare Association is raising funds to secure the enactment of a segregation law. &lt;1 J. B. Aswell, one of the gentlemen from Louisiana in the lower house of Congress, introduced a bill for segregation in civil service. He asserts that segregation "is fair to both races, and pleasing to the right-thinking Negro." Aswell's bill stipulates that "no white clerk or employee shall be subject to the authority of a Negro," and in a subsequent section he adds the joker: "There shall be no discrimination in favor of or against employees of equal efficiency on account of race or color." The gentleman did not notice it perhaps, but his language makes him at first sight appear as saying that efficiency is determined by race and color, and that is perhaps what he really meant to say. At a meeting of the Louisiana State Association, addressed by the above-mentioned representative, Joseph Colton, vice-president of the association, said he was of the opinion "that the Negro needs soap more than education," and that while he had never seen any trouble from Negro men in the printing office, he understood that the Negro women in some of the offices were offensive. To Aswell, on the other hand, "the sight of a Negro man working side by side with white women is intolerable." ^ A gentleman from Georgia by the name of Howard introduced a "Jim Crow" bill. Section five of this proposed legislation states that "the meaning of the words white and colored is confined to the races known as Caucasian and Ethiopian, respectively."' Howard does not state who is to determine whether an individual shall be known as Caucasian or Ethiopian, so we may assume that about one-half of the colored population of Washington will have the right to sit wherever they please, just as members of races which are neither Caucasian nor Ethiopian, and if this half can sit where they want to then the other half ought to have no difficulty in getting out of the "Jim Crow" section. *I In Grand Rapids, Mich., a colored clergyman went into a store where he could not purchase a pair of shoes. &lt;J In Windsor, Ont., a colored man was appointed to a position in the postoffice over the protest of the white employees. The colored man is getting along all right. &lt;I Three colored men were told by a lunchroom keeper in Toronto: "We don't serve ALONG THE Niggers here." They have sought and probably will obtain legal redress through the license commissioners. Commenting on this ease the Montreal Gazette says: "Race hatred is as strong in some centers in this free dominion as it is in the free South of the United States and with less cause." *J The clergy of Middleboro, Mass., refused to marry a white man to a woman of Caucasian, Indian and Negro ancestry. The couple were married by the city clerk of Brockton. A New York magistrate refused to perform the civil-marriage ceremony between a white woman and a colored man whose romance started in a Virginia town about seven years ago. The official's excuse was that he did not believe that magistrates ought to perform the marriage ceremony. &lt;I The Portuguese of Cape Cod are protesting against the effort of the town of Wareham, Mass., to segregate their children in schools. Theophilos P. Goncalves, who is leading the Cape Verde Islanders in their appeal to the Portuguese government, issued the following statement to the press: "We want to become Americans. We want our children to understand the English language and gain some knowledge of American ideas. We are peace loving and have no desire to fight for what we think our rights, but when we see that discrimination is being made against our children in the public schools we must show that we are not asleep and are ready to stand for our rights as any Americans should do." &lt;I "In Oklahoma," says a Negro clergyman, "the Indian, Chinaman and 'dago' all have access, and the bar is put up against the Negro. In Ardmore I went into a store owned by a Chinese to purchase a cigar. The proprietor while getting me the cigar ordered me to pull off my hat. I wanted to know what for, and he replied: 'Pull off 'ee hat.' I said: 'Pull off nothing,' and walked out with the cigar. I afterward learned that the place was kept for white people, and that whenever a Negro went in he had to pull off his hat." &lt;II The Alpha Delta Phi, a college fraternity, has annulled the charter of its Manhattan chapter because of the presence of "too many Jews at the College of the City of New York." COLOR LINE ^ "Neither Hebrews nor consumptives received" is the sort of printed announcement from summer hotels which the Levy law now makes a crime in New York State. Hotel proprietors have not, as a rule, considered it necessary to announce to prospective patrons, "No Negroes admitted:" But in Poughkeepsie lunch-room proprietors have been in the habit of putting up the sign: "No Negroes allowed." A colored man wrote to a local paper urging the people not to adopt Southern practices and customs in a city which had no cause for antipathy to the Negro. Much of the feeling in Poughkeepsie is introduced by Southern students at Vassar College and the Eastman Business School. A t this latter institution, some years ago, a member of a leading family of Porto Rico was rejected because of his Negro blood. A boardinghouse spinster defends conditions in Poughkeepsie in the following words: "Southern students come North for an education, it is true, but they also put a pile of money into the coffers of Poughkeepsie housewives and merchants. Look around and ask many of the women of this town how they could get along without the Eastman students. Those places wherein are hung signs, 'No colored trade wanted,' need not worry, for they will be championed all the more by the 'demoralized Southerners.' " The people of San Francisco have a new suburb called Forest Hill. It is especially desirable because, as the promoters say: "In Forest Hill no property will be sold to Africans or Orientals, and every man who builds a house must build one that is a credit to the property. Forest Hill is only for those people who will build at least $4,000 houses. When a man purchases a home site in Forest Hill he can feel assured that his investment, his home and his family are protected from unsightly buildings and undesirable neighbors." CRIME. Lynchings, in nearly all cases by burning and torture, have occurred as follows: At Anadarko, Okla., one Negro for the murder of a white girl. A t Beaumont, Tex., one of three Negroes who had been charged with attacking a party of white men; the victim was at liberty under bond TH E CRISIS when the lynching occurred. At Hot Spring's, Ark., a colored man for an alleged assault on a white girl. At Jacksonville, Fla.. and at Americus, (la., for killing the sheriff. At Reuben, Miss., for killing the postmaster. At Lambert. Miss., for the murder of a lumberman. At Bonifay, Fla., for assault on a woman. At Greenwood, Miss., a mob hanged the charred body of a Negro who had set fire to his house and shot himself therein when pursued by the mob after lie had killed the cook of a "prominent citizen." At Newport, R. L , the lynching of a NegTO who had accidentally shot and killed a 14-year-old boy after having stabbed a sailor in a fight was averted by the police. &lt;5 The governor of Maryland has been asked to take action against William F. Lankford, superintendent of the House of Correction, whose atrocious beating of a colored lad ended in the boy's death. The doctor had given a certificate of death from tuberculosis, but one of the guards who witnessed the beating could not allow his conscience to remain silent, left the institution and made the following statement: "It was a terrible beating. The boy was lashed over the back and over his breast. He cried for mercy and a guard struck him in the face with his fist. I do not know how many lashes there were. I did not count them, but there was a man within hearing who told me he believed there must have been ninety. The boy could not dress himself after it was over. Next morning he did not eat any breakfast and he went to the hospital and stayed there until he died. Then he was buried the same day he died. When he died the marks of the lashing were still on him. He was lashed for bad work in the shop. Lankford was very mad and did the beating himself." As we go to press, word comes that the investigating committee appointed by the governor has presented a report exonerating Lankford. The Sun and other Baltimore papers are demanding a new investigation. The Sim says of the whitewashing: "Is not this plea in confession and avoidance a confession of incompetency, or of brutal indifference, or of both? It is difficult to speak of it in the language of moderation or restraint. It sets the heart on fire to think that such things as this are possible in a Christian country in this year of supposed grace and civilization. "Who is at fault? What is responsible? What the people of Maryland want to know is the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, no matter whom it may hurt. A great wrong has been committed, and more of the same sort are possible. A searching investigation and a complete remedy are demanded, and the governor cannot wash his hands of the solemn responsibility that confronts him." SI Another account of a convict-camp horror comes from the Mobile Item: "Thomas Ross, a 19-year-old colored boy, was sent from Mobile to a convict camp at Atmore. A t the time he was in good health, sound and hearty. His stepfather, an industrious and respectable man, having heard his son was sick, went to the camp. He found his son almost blind and deliriously dodging imaginary blows. He was told by his son and others this was due to the severe and cruel punishment the boy had received. When next the father went to see his son he was gone. He was found later at an asylum, blind and insane. "The Item has always fought the convict-lease system, but at this time it makes a terrible arraignment of the State of Alabama, and calls on the governor to investigate this outrage and punish the guilty parties." *I President Wilson has sent a message to Congress urging an appropriation to succor the indigent family of an Italian subject who was lynched in Florida two years ago. Colored Americans who contemplate residing in Florida or Mississippi or Georgia or Mr. Wilson's native State would do well first to go to Rome and transfer their allegiance to Sua Maesta Re Vittorio Emmanuele before they take the "Ji m Crow" car that leads to protection under the majesty of American law. In the meantime they ought to present a united and equally determined front in demanding justice and respect for Negro manhood everywhere, just as the Italians have made Mr. Wilson respect the manhood of their people and the dignity of their nation. Until then it will take more than Southern Christianity "to solve all the race problems." The Italians of Florence have a saying, "God provides, but he does not deliver the ALONG THE goods." The Negro will never be freed by holding out the hand and taking off the hat to await the pleasure of the white man. &lt;&amp; The Coatesville Times says "the latest sensational story, while sent broadcast, is totally disbelieved here." Here is the story and its cause as related in the same paper: "Ever since the lynching of Walker all sorts of false and inflammatory statements have been sent broadcast through the press of numerous outrages by 'brutal Negroes' in this section, which evidently were written with but one object in view—to educate the public mind to the belief that the crime of lynching Walker was justifiable. "The injury such sensational statements have done Coatesville can never be computed. The youngest child in the town to-day cannot possibly live years enough to outlive the disgrace which has been cast on our town and its people by such slanderous reports— yes, generations yet unborn will live to hear Coatesville spoken of in derision, on account of the disgrace those who would treacherously betray its fair name have cast on it. "Only this week a sensational story has been sent broadcast of the fiendish crime of two Negroes in this town on Wednesday night, that shows to what extent unscrupulous writers will ply their art to create racial prejudice to stir up strife and cast odium on a community. "It is impossible to conceive of more false or sensational accounts of a crime than that published in the Press and Ledger yesterday of a crime in this borough on Wednesday night. "We do not pretend to say that a crime was not committed by someone; but if there is a man or woman with any knowledge of the attending circumstances whose mind is so clouded, and whose discernment is so dense that they can bring themselves to believe it was the work of two brutal NegToes, or that the highly colored published reports of the crime are true, such a one is a fit person for an insane asylum, and a commission should be taken out for him at once. "The stories of the crime were so illogical and bore so many earmarks of falsity, in so far as Negroes participated in it, that it was laughed to scorn, and no sensible person gave it the slightest credence. But the poison sent broadcast of the lawlessness in Coatesville has done its deadly work COLOR LINE before the world. The true story of the alleged crime will never overtake the columns of falsehoods which have been published. "Let us hope that after the August grand jury has finished its work, and the statutes of limitation will stop any further prosecutions being brought against the fiends who conceived or carried out the crime of lynching Zach Walker, that there will be no further need for the manufacturing of sensational rot of the crimes of 'brutal Negroes' in this borough, and that the fair name of Coatesville will cease to be held up to the scorn and derision of the civilized world." &lt;I In Vermont the workmen who drowned a young Negro as a joke have been sentenced to various terms of imprisonment. *I Allan von Behren, the son of the rich manufacturer at Evansville, Ind., received a sentence of two to twenty years' imprisonment for the murder of three Negro workmen who had "sassed" him. &lt;I A groceryman at Macon, Ga., killed "an abusive NegTo." The grocer had gone to the Negro's house to collect a bill for twenty-live cents. &lt;I Eighteen years ago Missouri, with considerable satisfaction, made chicken stealing a penitentiary offense and expected a large harvest of black State slaves as a result. About 70 per cent, of the convictions under the act have been white men, and last month, at Montgomery, Mrs. Addie Paye, a white woman, was sent to the penitentiary for two years under this act. FOREIGN. Among the officers of the Brazilian dreadnaught "Minas Geraes," which visited New York last month, were several colored men. Two of these called at our offices. A copy of The Crisis went away in the cabin of the captain, who is not colored. § Hon. H . Walter Reece, K . &lt;'., has been appointed Solicitor-General of Barbados. This is just one step removed from the office of chief justice of the colony, which has been held by a white man since the death of the distinguished colored jurist, Sir William Conrad Reeves. *I The French colonial troops were received with great enthusiasm by the populace of Paris at the review on July 14. MEN OF THE MONTH AN INVENTOR. If you have any occasion to peruse the "Help Wanted" columns of the daily newspapers—and you will find this an instructive and entertaining and perhaps otherwise profitable occupation for a spare half hour—you may come across a demand for "nigger-head lasters, at good wages." If you are not versed in the vernacular of shoemaking, you may think that this phrase was specially devised to humiliate and ridicule the Negro race. But in this case your presumption would be found to be incorrect, for the "head" referred to in this compound name is not the outward and visible, but the inward and spiritual and intellectual head of a black man. He was not really black; in fact, twenty years after his death the Beverly (Mass.) Times went so far as to declare: "It is known that he had no Negro blood in his veins whatever." But the doctors and the civil registrar of Lynn, Mass., did not know this, for in his death certificate they set opposite to color the abbreviation M. , there being no space for the ulatto. And the contemporary newspaper reports of his untimely death, and of the life of misery and poverty that led to- it, all describe him as a Negro, meaning a man of Negro blood, and enough of it to be recognized. Nor did his fellow workmen ever know that Matzeliger was a white man, for they called him "The Dutch Nigger," and when the invention of this man's brain revolutionized the manufacture of boots and shoes they said the machine which they expected would put them out of their jobs was a "nigger-head laster," q. v.. if you can find it in the dictionary. Jan Ernst Matzeliger is said to have been the son of a Dutch engineer, but as his mother was a colored woman of Dutch Guiana, Matzeliger, were he now living, would have to allow himself to be called "black" by the boys who fill out and correct applications for American citizenship at the naturalization bureau in New York. Why the shoemaking newspapers should be so anxious to use the euphemism "native" in speaking of a Negroid woman of Surinam and to "marry" her to a white man at a time when slavery was in its palmiest days, while in New Amsterdam or Albany the same woman would be a "Negress," is not far to seek. The sou of this woman did something that the son of no Negro woman is supposed to be capable of doing, and, even if he does make himself responsible for the prosperity of the boot and shoe towns of Massachusetts, it is hardly to be expected that they would be willing to credit him with it, and at the same time call him a Negro, as they would if he were an unwelcome applicant for a job operating his own machine. The Dutch engineer may or may not have "married" a "native" or non-white woman of Paramaribo, but, at any rate, the man whose death certificate calls him a mulatto and leaves blank the spaces for the names of his father and mother was born in the capital of Dutch Guiana in September, 1852. The chances are that he had no parents or relatives to speak of and that he "jes' growed" as many a congener of his in this country. He went to school in a machine shop and, in his late teens, made his way to Philadelphia. In this city he remained until 1S7S, when he went to Lynn, Mass.- Here, in August, 1889, he died of tuberculosis, leaving to others the fruit of his labor. Matzeliger had spent over six years in creating the machine which has made a vast fortune for the president of the United MEN OF THE MONTH JAN EENST MATZELIGER. Shoe Machinery Company. With bits of wood, old cigar boxes, scraps of tin and brass picked up on the streets, he designed three models, each an improvement on the preceding one. He was engaged on a fourth improvement at the time of his death, when the invention was taken over and controlled by the above-mentioned corporation. Matzeliger's machine surpasses the ingenuity of the most skilled workman in lasting shoes. While the most expert hand laster could not exceed an output of sixty pairs a day, the machine in the hands of a capable operator has turned out as many as 700 pairs in ten hours. "This machine," according to one of the trade journals, "has improved the product, decreased cost and decreased hours of labor, and has multiplied production." It has thus been a blessing in disguise for the workman and an undisguised blessing for the consumer. The light of Matzeliger's life had lain beneath a bushel of obscurity until last August, when an article in Munsey's Magazine described him as a Negro. Mr. Henry E. Baker, an assistant examiner at the Patent Office in Washington, who is making a private record of the inventions by men of his race—the Patent Office recognizes nationality only—took up the matter and secured the data' which have furnished the basis of this sketch. The colored Hollander left his interest in the manufacture of his machine to the North Congregational Church in Lynn. In 1904 the church received $10,860 from the sale of the remaining stock, and with this money paid off *a mortgage which had been standing over thirty years. Amid great rejoicing and loud songs of praise the deed of mortgage was burned and a portrait of Malzeligcr exhibited in the church. We wrote the clergyman in charge, asking him to send us, if possible, a reproduction of this portrait for our Men of the Month. We have received no reply. We secured from a newspaperman in Lynn the picture reproduced herewith. A CIVIC LEADER. A LIF E which began with a brighter outlook and richer opportunity, and consequently was productive of larger and more lasting benefits to his race than that of Matzeliger, came to a close with the death of Dr. John R. Francis. THE LATE DR. FRANCIS. TH E CRISIS Dr. Francis was a member of one of the oldest colored families in Washington. Born in 1856, he attended the public schools of that city and the academy at Wilbraham, Mass. In 1878, on being graduated from the medical college of the University of Michigan, he returned to Washington to begin his career as an eminently successful practitioner and a leading civic influence among the colored people of the capital. Dr. Francis was a member of the board of trustees of Howard University and had served on the executive committee of the board. He was also a member of the Washington board of education, the board of children's guardians and president of the Social Settlement for Colored People. Professionally he was recognized as one of the ablest physicians in the city, and he had the distinction of being the first Negro to equip and operate a sanitarium for colored patients. A LEGISLATOR. By a majority of 564 over the nearer of his two rivals, as disclosed by a recount of last November's ballot, the original count having given him third place, R. R. Jackson, of Chicago, major in the 8th Illinois Infantry and major-general of the Knights of Pythias, has been elected a member of the house of assembly of Illinois. Major Jackson is a young man of energy and ambition, as displayed in his successful fight, at bis own expense, for a recount of the vote. He is a committeeman on Chicago charter, fraternal and mutual insurance, Federal relations, military affairs, miscellaneous subjects, printing, senatorial apportionment, municipal courts of Chicago. Rather a long list, but the major has been handling it with credit to his race and State. A SUCCESSFUL PASTOR. CALIFORNIA is a country where men ^J and things move rapidly, and they usually go ahead, except in anti-Asiatic legislation. Few Californians, however, under the circumstances, could have excelled the record of E. Wesley Kinchen for rapid forward movement. Six years after he had attended the Wesley Methodist Episcopal Church, in Los Angeles, as a stray Pullman porter, Mr. Kinchen returned as its pastor. Mr . Kinchen is one of the most influential leaders in Los Angeles, for he has had the training to fit him for efficient and effective service among an intelligent people. ASSEMBLYMAN R. R. JACKSON. REV. E. W. KINCHEN. Opinion e FEDERAL ^ n  Supreme Court of the CIVIL RIGHTS. UNITED STATES HAS, BY DE claring unconstitutional the Sumner Civil Rights Act, decreed that henceforward a colored woman traveling from Norfolk to Boston must either starve or eat from the soiled linen used by white people. A Negro going from Charleston to New York, or vice versa, now has no hope of escaping the hideous tilth of the third-class accommodations on the steamers, for he has no civil rights on the high seas nor on land or waters within the jurisdiction of the United States. The colored press is inclined to regard with a rather cynical philosophy the unanimous verdict of the highest tribunal in the land. Says the St. Paul Appeal: "As the Supreme Court has never but once decided anything in favor of the 10,000,000 Afro-Americans of this country its action Monday is not surprising." Others, like the McDowell (W. Va.) Times, take it more seriously: "The Supreme Court has declared unconstitutional the civil-rights law of 1875 and turned the Negroes of the country over to the will of the States. No longer can the Negro complain to the Federal courts because he is charged first-class fare for second-class accommodation, or because he is otherwise discriminated against on account of his color. He must fight his battle for manhood rights and equality before the law in the several States, and as every person with an ounce of brain knows there are many States in which at least 8,000,000 Negroes live that they will have no more chance of winning than a snowball has of remaining solid on the equator. We should bear in mind that this second 'Dred Scott decision' was handed down by a court, the majority of whose members are Republicans. The last vestige of hope for the civil and political rights of the Negro in the South has been swept away. The contention of the South in 1S60 has been established in 1913. "Must the agitation of the quarter of a century previous to the Civil War be repeated? Must the bloody battles of the war of rebellion be fought again? Must devastation and destruction again swoop clown upon this nation of hypocrites before she realizes that the black man will be free? God forbid. Patience and forbearance will not always be a virtue of the Negro race, the worm will turn, and a race of peace-loving, • mild-tempered, good-natured patriots will be converted into wild-eyed, bloodthirsty anarchists, who will court extermination, preferring death to slavery and oppression. "To the Negroes we advise that in the States where you have the ballot you should use it intelligently and to the interest of your race. Keep the subject of human rights alive, preach it from the pulpit, impress it upon the children on the roadside, in the schoolhouse, tell it in your lodges; wherever two or more assemble talk about your rights; get the people interested. There are white men with big, broad hearts who will help light your battles. The majority of the American people are fair; they will help and the Negro will win and get his due. Al l men, even black men, will be free and equal." The editor of the Morning Telegraph (New York) is not of the majority from which the McDowell Times expects fair play. Like most of the Southerners who have invaded the Northern press, he is trying to make his readers believe that the Negro's most cherished dream is. to be able to sit down to a meal with a white man. 176 TH E CRISIS Under the caption, ''Federal Civil Rights Act Void; Nobody Worth While Suffers," he writes: "When the Supreme Court at Washington, by a unanimous opinion, pronounced the Federal civil-rights act unconstitutional on Monday, it did not deprive any self-respecting XegTo of .cherished privileges; it simply served notice on an element that acknowledges its own inferiority by its arrogance that it cannot scale the fence that separates it from white society. "The Negro has been a free man fifty years and he has been afforded every opportunity to develop his character and cultivate the social graces. If within half a century he has not been able to establish himself so that he is independent of the white race, so far as hotel accommodations and personal service looking to his comfort are concerned, it is his own fault and not the concern of the dominant race. "No reputable man, white or black, forces himself into a circle that would exclude him if it had the power to do so. The Negro is in this country to stay, but he cannot associate, either in business or society, with white people. His best and truest friends have recognized this for a generation, and every effort on his part to alter present conditions reacts not only upon the individual, Imt upon the class he represents. It is within his power to accomplish much among his own people, industrially, commercially and socially, but he must first of all realize that the color line is well defined." The Boston Post is a little more charitable: "There must still remain redress under the common law as to contracts for a Negro wlio pays first-class prices and is then denied first-class accommodations. " 'Jim Crow' laws exist in many States and can now be established in the District of Columbia. But the color of a man's skin should not be a bar to his getting ordinary justice, and railroads, steamship companies and the Pullman company ought not to be permitted to sell a Negro accommodations they do not intend to furnish or know will be denied him in interstate travel." The general attitude of the press is that, as the civil-rights act has never been enforced in the South, the Supreme Court has done little more than state this fact. In States which guarantee the Negro against discrimination there is a growing disposition on the part of colored people to seek redress and of white judges and jurors to enforce the law. M The Morning Telegraph, MCREYNOLDS „ , . , , . „ „, „ from which we have m AND CAMINETTI. , . . , quoted, is a paper with a limited circulation, and that only among the theatrical and "sporting" classes in New York. Its editor was very anxious to have Johnson lynched. The following letter of a writer to the New York Call expresses a different attitude toward the pugilist : " 'The mills of the Gods grind slow,' as a general rule, but they always grind surely, and once in a while they turn exceeding swift. As illustrating the certainty and the swiftness of retribution for evil deeds, the American public have a splendid demonstration in the history of the two men most conspicuous in the latest scandal in the Democratic administration. "Antonio Caminetti is said to be a member of a family that settled in California not long after '49. His name, however, indicates that in the esteem of Benjamin R. Tillman he would occupy a place secondary to that of 'mah Niggah Jim,' for, to quote from a recent letter of his, the Senator from South Carolina declares: T prefer the Negro to the Dago'—Dago being good, printable English for Italian in the South —'provided he keep in his place.' "Despite the fact that the humanity of his own people is only half recognized by Anglo-Saxon America, the Signor Caminetti has chosen to gain a place of political power and influence by a demagogic disregard for law and public decency and by appealing to the passions of race hatred in California in exactly the same way as Tillman and Vardaman have done in the South. Three years ago he sponsored a 'grandfather clause' which aimed at taking away the franchise from California Negroes— some of the most intelligent, progressive and law abiding in America—and from Chinese who were born this side of the Pacific or naturalized before the passage of the exclusion act. Caminetti was largely responsible for the recent tempest in a OPINION teapot over Japanese land ownership. To prevent him from starting another war scare and to give him an opportunity to see for himself that not a single Japanese enters this country in excess of the number stipulated by treaty, so that there may be enough land in California for all the Ciroticis and Sciallentanos who may want to go there in preference to Mulberry Street, President Wilson made Caminetti the United States Commissioner of Immigration at San Francisco. "Mr . McReynolds is a gentleman from Tennessee, who, although of the Democratic persuasion, was given a place as an Assistant Attorney-General under President McKinley. Mr. McReynolds, like Mr. Tillman and Mr. Caminetti, has very pronounced opinions on the proper place of non-white people. Accordingly, when the successor of Mr. Wickersham took office, the first and most important thing he could find to do was, in effect, to dismiss William H . Lewis. Lewis is an excellent lawyer, a man of engaging personality and rare all-around culture, and he performed the duties of his office faithfully and well. But his color is rather Japanesque and, in Tennessee or South Carolina, he would be a Nigger and would have to travel in a 'Jim Crow' car, so that he might not put a yellow touch to the whiteness of the skin of his father, half-brothers and other relatives on the superior side of the color line. His place, therefore, could not be that of a Republican assistant to the Democratic Attorney-General of the United States of the color persuasion dominant in Tennessee. With the agility in juggling with the truth which he has since displayed in defending his attempt to thwart the justice which he has sworn to promote, Mr. McReynolds excused his demand for the .resignation of his colored assistant on the ground that Lewis had completed the work which he had been appointed to do. A few days later the new Attorney-General found enough for an additional white assistant to do. "McReynolds must have had a lot to do with the prosecution and conviction of Jack Johnson. Johnson was foolish enough to allow himself to be seduced into paying the fare of an ancient reprobate from one State to another. Years later this fact is dug up by the Department of Justice and the man is made a criminal according to the letter of a law which is not retroactive and which was designed to save virtuous or inexperienced women from the horrors of involuntary degradation. Johnson is black and has more money than is good for a black man. The Department of Justice must aid the 'white hopes' in taking away the superfluous cash of the stupidly brazen Negro pugilist. B y sending a black man to jail for associating with while women who do not bear children, Anglo-Saxon America is relieved of a most dangerous menace to the preservation of its color. "On the other hand, when a married man, a man of education and good training, a leader in 'society,' indirectly a power in government, outrages every principle of sexual morality, disregards his obligation to his wife and child, and makes himself guilty of half a dozen crimes under State and national laws by placing a schoolgirl on the road to ruin, the Attorney-General of the United States prostitutes the fair form of justice and the whole machinery of corrupt politics is set in motion to save the guilty man from "the penalty of his misdeeds. Drew Caminetti is the son of Antonio. Wherefore Mr. McReynolds reverses the policy of breathless haste which he has pursued in the case of the friendless Johnson and the world is given an exhibition of the white American's unamenability to his own law, when occasion demands it, and of his superiority to the 'unassimilable' Japanese and the already assimilated Negro. "President Wilson has promptly and graciously accepted the resignation of Mr. MeNab, whose fearless performance of his duty incurred the displeasure of Mr. McReynolds quite as much as did the color of Mr. Lewis. To save the face of the administration, the President has ordered the immediate prosecution of the cases which his Attorney-General sought to quash. Whatever the outcome of the move, the net result of the scandal will not be changed. The young man may,be acquitted with the lawyer who was indicted for subornation of perjury in behalf of his influential client. Antonio Caminetti and McReynolds may not feel that they ought to relinquish the positions of public trust which they hold. But their fate is already settled so far as the people are concerned. Their reputation TH E CRISIS has been swept away in the wave of righteousness which is passing over this country from coast to coast and from the gulf to the Great Lakes. Africans and Orientals have little more to fear from them. They have been caught in the maelstrom of their own wickedness. So hath it ever been, so must it ever be with those who build a throne of self-exaltation on a dais of wanton injustice and abuse of power over the lowly and defenseless.'' AFTERMATHS. T H E C E I S I S h a d some time ago to call upon two Negro newspapers of New York to lay down the arms of slander, vituperation and vulgar personalities with which, week after week, their proprietors were surfeiting a public that calls for better things. The battle was stopped by legal proceedings, but the man who was worsted in this long drawn-out' engagement has since, as before, made the editor of T HE CRISIS the object of a weekly series of calumnious falsehoods. One of these was a letter purporting to come from somebody in Seattle, expressing the dissatisfaction of an audience in that city, not only with a lecture by Mr . D u Bois, but with his personal behavior toward his hearers. Dr. Du Bois has received, unsolicited, letters signed by the lady and gentleman mentioned as having been discourteously treated by their guest. They brand the alleged letter as a falsehood, assert that the writer had no authority whatever to use their names in connection with it, declare that both the name and address given in the disreputable newspaper are fictitious, and affirm their entire satisfaction with Mr . Du Bois and the message he brought them. The local colored paper, the Seattle Searchlight, reported the lecture as follows: " A large and appreciative audience greeted Professor Du Bois at the Y. M. C. A. Wednesday evening, to hear him deliver a lecture on the subject: 'World's Problem of the Color Line.' Dr. Du Bois speaks in a clear, well-modulated voice, and wins the implicit confidence of his hearers from the beginning.'' As to the slanderous account of it appearing in New York, the Searchlight has this to say: ''The biggest coward in the world is the person who will write an anonymous letter claiming that it is the sentiment of the people in general and not sign his name. Such was the case of the party who wrote the letter to the New York Age, giving the impression that all was not well on the visit of Dr. Du Bois in this city, where we will acknowledge that the program or the lecture did not meet the approval of a great many of our people; yet the majority was satisfied with the effort made." To Seattle Mr . D u Bois had journeyed from the other end of the Pacific Coast, over the more than thousand miles of mountain and desert and fruitful valley between Southern California and Washington. A t San Francisco a half-page article by a special editorial writer on the Bulletin did not meet with the approval of a certain reader, so he got a whole column in which to feature himself. W e regret that we can only give him space for a few paragraphs: "Mr. Barry and the NegTo, Du Bois, in referring to the 'infamies so long and so openly practised in this country against the colored race,' are only inciting prejudice. The colored race, per se, is not suffering more than the 'poor white trash,' the economic slaves of our perverted civilization. "Dr. Du Bois dare not tell the people of the South that the Negro is discriminated against, Mr. Barry dare not tell the people of the South that 'no emphasis is placed on the blunders made by the men that take the law into their own hands and that subject to the most awful tortures Negroes absolutely innocent.' I challenge Mr . Barry to cite a single instance where an innocent Negro has been tortured and mobbed. He says 'there are many cases where Negroes have been lynched on the slightest evidence or no evidence at all, merely for the sake of gratifying the mob's lust for blood.' This information was, no doubt, imparted to Mr. Barry by Du Bois from his stock of inflammatory utterances with which he is libeling the South and enlisting the influence and support of prominent humanitarians. "Negro children in the South have equal opportunity with whites for education in separate schools maintained by the States and cities. Du Bois says 'not one in four among Negro children has an opportunity to learn to read and write.' There are OPINION 179 white and black children who are denied this opportunity by their parents, but it is open alike to whites and blacks. "I have heard Booker T. Washington, 'Sin Killer' Griffin and other noted Negroes, and know and appreciate their good work among the black race. They preach the gospel of honesty, morality and industry. They know the Negro cannot hope to break into the white man's parlor. Booker T. Washington is a great Negro. Du Bois is an undesirable citizen, an inciter of violence and race prejudice, and I am sorry that Mr. Barry has featured him as a big man." A n interesting sequel to the above appeared over the signature of Emma Riddle Singer, of Sebastopol, Cal.: "I am a South Carolinian, of the poor whites, i f you please, a fate bad enough, God knows. But when Mr. Albritton states that the 'colored race are not suffering more than the poor white trash,' he states what is not true. I was born and raised in the South, and know what I am talking about. Time and again I have been torn with helpless rage over the atrocities heaped upon the Nigger because of the color of his skin and not for any crime he had committed. This in addition to his economic handicap, which is far greater than that of the poor white. Niggers have to work for less pay and take their pay 'in chips and whetstones.' Colored washerwomen are paid chiefly in old duds. An y fair-minded person who has lived in the South any length of time is bound to admit that the Nigger is the underdog of the underdog. His fate is fully as bad as Professor Du Bois has stated it, and I have wondered at his restraint when writing about the terrible wrongs of his race. It is more than I could do. "Mr. Albritton says: 'I challenge Mr. Barry to cite a single instance where an innocent Negro was tortured and mobbed.' That is simply ridiculous. There are thousands of such instances. How about the Atlanta massacre where poor little crippled colored bootblacks were chopped to pieces in the street? I could name any number of instances in my own experience. For Mr. Albritton's benefit I shall take time to mention one. In 1899 I was teaching school at Rocky Comfort, Ark., near the Texas line, by the way. On a river-bottom plantation a Negro killed a white man in self-defense. The white man was chasing him with intent to kill when the Negro took refuge in the cabin of another Negro, who was away from home, and whose wife was there alone. From the window of this cabin the Negro shot the white man as he approached, vowing death to the Negro because the latter had 'sassed' him. The Negro was lynched for it. He was considered a dangerous character and not many of his own color regretted his taking off. But the mob had tasted blood and wanted more. Next night they went to the cabin where the murderer had taken refuge, dragged the owner away from a sick wife and hung him. He was not only absolutely innocent of any part in the affair, but he bore an excellent reputation. He was noted for his honesty and love of peace, and had built his cabin far away from other Negroes in order to keep out of trouble. His landlord, Captain George, a lawyer and a 'gentleman,' told me with tears in his kind blue eyes that a better man never lived than Joe King—this victim of circumstances and the white man's hate. "The mob did not stop with that. It beat unmercifully the first Negro's sister. It drove out the Negro schoolteacher, a man nearly white, who was doing a wonderful work among his people educationally. It mobbed and terrorized innocent Negroes until most of them had to leave their young-crops and flee for their lives. This is literal fact and a common occurrence. So common many people think nothing of it. They are hardened to it. "But why waste time and energy trying to convince a man who writes in the strain of Mr. Albritton? His hate blinds him to the truth. He does not want to be convinced. To me it is a painful subject; I would far rather forget it. But I cannot keep silent when that truly great man, Prof. W. E. B. Du Bois, is so vilely reviled. "I have had some correspondence with him in past years. Yes, I, a Southern white woman, and I consider his friendship an honor. I very much wanted to hear him lecture in San Francisco, but since I could not, I was very grateful to Mr. Barry for giving us the fine writeup of the speaker. It was one of his best articles. I do not always agree with him. But that time I did with all my heart." 180 THE "Dr. Du Bois' visit to Southern California was," according to the Los Angeles Liberator, "a great personal triumph. The' ovation tendered him bv the colored people was such as no other colored man has ever received. * * * The City Club, which is composed of the white business men of this city, offered Dr. Du Bois $150 to address them at their noon luncheon Saturday. This the doctor could not do without breaking previous engagements, so he declined. "Dr. Du Bois lectured to large audiences at San Diego, the University of Southern California and Pomona College. At Pomona College he was greeted by an audience of 1,000 persons. His lecture there, as at other places, made a profound impression upon his white hearers and greatly changed their attitude on the race question. He put the Negro's claim for justice before them in an entirely new light and one that will prove beneficial to both races." Says the New Age, of Los Angeles, which should not he confused with the old Age of New York, elsewhere referred t o: "The eminent author gave no impression of the man with a 'chip on his shoulder,' but of a courageous, devoted leader who will not permit his vision of the best for race and country to be obscured. Neither did he give any hint of being too small to recognize the greatness of any other race leader or show antagonism to anyone per se. Less than ever can we understand why Du Bois and certain other great race leaders must so often be antagonized in the popular mind. Al l of them have been needed and are needed now. "Dr. Du Bois came modestly and intent only upon delivering his message, without claiming personal honor. He came neither fawning nor patronizing, but calling upon his fellows for thoughtful consideration of the problems which he so reasonably treated, lie made his impress, and not as a dreamer. He seems a very practical man to those of western spirit. That he should claim For the race and that he insists upon the races claiming for itself that which is merely its due is not a hard doctrine for this section, nor do these claims seem use less merely because they may not be reached just now. All the more reason for helping the process along as he does." CRISIS Imagine what it must mean GIVE THE M TO LIVE IN A CITY HOTTER THAN A PARK . New York without the privilege of breathing the free and fresh air of a Central Park! Such is the condition of the colored people of Memphis, but we fear that this appeal from the Appeal-Avalanche, overwhelming as an avalanche in its convincing forcefullness, will fall on the frozencouncil:  hearts of a Southern city "The Negroes nowand no public placebetter class must find have no public of amusement. amusement in park  The  their homes and in the churches. The irresponsible ones drift into dives and to places where disorder is capitalized and made to yield a revenue. "The Negro is at present the heavy labor power in the South. The Negroes nurse children, conk, work on the streets, drive automobiles, work in homes, work in the factories and work everywhere else. "If we are to continue to use Negro labor we must see to it that it is effective, and it will be effective only to the point that the Negro remains healthy and strong. "From a purely commercial and sanitary point of view, then, the Negroes should have opportunity to live under conditions conducive to health, and there is nothing so health giving as plenty of fresh air. "We denounce Negroes for herding in dives, and yet the presiding genius of the craps table is usually some low-down but thrifty white man. "We denounce Negroes for frequenting dives, and yet they are about the only places where they can have amusement of any sort. "The Negro, then, ought to have a park, and he should have reasonably convenient means of access to that park. "There is a higher cause than that of commercial prosperity for a Negro recreation park. It is a part of humanity to give to the Negroes opportunity for innocent amusement. "The Negro is the great wealth producer in this territory, and an appreciation of this fact in the shape of improved living conditions for him would be responded to by more generous effort on his part to observe the law and to merit the trust that is put in him." EDITORIAL A NATIONAL EMANCIPATION EXPOSITION. IT IS a matter of sincere congratulation that the Negro of the United States is to have a national exposition to celebrate the year of jubilee. This will take place in New York City during the last ten days of October. The Pennsylvania exposition, while large and excellent in its way, has been restricted largely to the State by the terms of law. The New Jersey celebration has met many disappointments which will make it small and local, but doubtless good in its way. The New York celebration, too, will be small, having but $25,000 to expend, but it will have two characteristics: it will be national in scope and complete in detail. B y means of the new exhibition method of the child welfare committee the nine commissioners of the New York exposition have determined to make this exposition a complete picture of Negro progress and attainment in America. With detailed charts, models, moving pictures, maps and a few typical exhibits a complete picture of present conditions will be presented, while a magnificent pageant in seven episodes, with music and costume, will give the historic setting. There will be no multiplicity of detail, no endless repetition and country-fair effect. On the contrary, one fine and dignified presentation of great facts in simple form, with a frame of beauty and music, will be attempted. Nothing like this has ever been done by black America. It will be worth traveling far to see. m BURLESON. THERE is no doubt but that the Bourbon South is fighting hard to con trol Mr. Wilson's Negro policy. For a time they held back the spectacular fire eaters and marked time, being content with the dismissal of two or three leading Negro officeholders. Then they plucked up courage. Postmaster-General Burleson is said on good authority to have frankly announced this policy: The gradual weeding of the Negro out of the civil service of the United States until he is left only menial positions. Encouraged by this the white railway mail clerks are conducting a systematic and open campaign against the colored clerks in defiance of the plain rules of the service. The official organ, the Railway Mail, says editorially: "There is a new man at the head of the postoffice department, a man from the South, who knows the Negro problem as it is. * * * "O f course the Negroes will oppose this measure because they feel it is the first step in removing them entirely from the service. They assert that they have the qualifications and the ambition to make good railway mail clerks. Colored Los Angeles greets The Crisis in its own motor cars THE CRISIS While not admitting this as a general rule, we will let it pass, because it has no bearing on the question of separating the black clerks from the white. They are inclined to argue the proposition, not realizing that it is a matter of feeling and not argument. "The Negroes utterly fail to understand our reasons for desiring separation. It is impossible for them to realize our viewpoint. They do not know that it is a matter of racial instinct that causes the Negro to be repulsive to the white man when associating with him on the same social plane. It is useless for the Negro to speak of his qualifications, his progress, his ambition, that does not remove our instinctive racial dislike.'' This is the kind of thing which the Bourbon South is trying to inject into the civil service. We understand that in the Treasury Department alone six or more of the oldest and best colored clerks have been dismissed and that determined effort is being made to segregate colored clerks in all branches of the civil service. To this we must add the fact that certain "Jim Crow" legislation has been proposed and that President Wilson has not yet dared to appoint a single colored man to office. The last point would be of less significance were it not coupled as usual with efforts at discrimination: the right to vote and hold office insure civil rights. It is time, therefore, that Northern Democrats bestirred themselves. It is time that Negroes were aroused to action. It is no time to say "I told you so!" or to sit still. Bad as the Democrats may prove, they cannot outdo William H. Taft. The government is still ours and we have the right to protest to President, Senators and Congressmen against the machinations of Burleson and his ilk. We give President Wilson the highest credit for his attempt to lighten our burden of tariff taxation and his frank and fearless currency bill. But we must remind him that the ills of this nation are not purely economic. When the London Spectator named the stopping of lynching as one of the new President's three greatest tasks it spoke no idle word. And lynching begins not with the drunken blood lust of a wild gang of men and boys, but with the every-day white citizen who finds that race prejudice pays as an investment; helps him to win over his black competitor in the civil-service examination; helps him to get his fellow workman's job; helps to indulge the beast instinct to despise and trample on the weak. This is the kind of thing that Wood row Wilson must fight and he must fight it in his own Cabinet. m ORPHANS. THER E is no doubt that the condition of affairs at the Colored Orphan Asylum of New York City is not what it should be. One may pass over the charges of incompetency and favoritism on the part of the superintendent, of rank color prejudice in the teaching ranks and cruelty to the children. These matters may be exaggerated, and certainly only searching investigation can establish their truth. One thing, however, is certain beyond all reasonable doubt: this institution is not well run, the children and their guardians are not happy, the teaching force certainly lacks efficiency and the governing board seems helpless. This is too bad. The Colored Orphan Asylum is an historic institution. It w7as founded before the war, burned in the draft riots, well endowed by unselfish friends of the race, white and black, and is beautifully housed on the banks of the Hudson. It has everything needed by an institution—land, EDITORIAL houses, income, hundreds of children, and yet it is not a successful institution. Why? The answer is not far to seek—the white teachers do not as a rule love or sympathize with their poor little black charges; the colored teachers are not as a rule the best that could be procured. This is in a sense natural or at least explicable: the white teachers are selected from, the ordinary'social workers of the day. They come to the work not prejudiced exactly, but with the general attitude of the white world toward the black. They shrink from colored folk; they feel a strangeness and aloofness; their social code leads them to ask that they neither eat nor sleep with their charges nor have any considerable personal contact. This demand, being exactly what the general public approves of, is easily granted, and thus the opportunities of personal contact and real acquaintanceship are reduced to the lowest notch. The children, preternaturally quick to sense the color bar afar, see this attitude; they become stubborn and resentful. This but widens the breach, for the white teachers are scarcely conscious of their unsympathetic attitude, since their action has the sanction of the whole white world. On the other hand, in choosing colored teachers the board of control and the superintendent sometimes consciously, sometimes unconsciously, demand utterly inconsistent qualifications in colored candidates; they want educated persons of good, general training and perfect technique, but they want this coupled with humility, submissiveness and a willingness to keep in what white folk consider a Negro's place. In other words, they openly or tacitly ask that the educated and competent Negro accept the very caste system which his training and ambition justly lead him to rebel against. To be sure, it is true that the educated black man is apt to be supersensitive and oversuspicious, but surely this is less of a fault than incompetency and far less of a hindrance than color prejudice in a colored institution. When an institution demands education, ability and submissiveness it gets submissiveness. It gets the kind of Negro who smiles and cringes and does his work in a slipshod manner. He is then charged with incompetency and put to menial tasks as the helper of some white person in authority. This is exactly what has happened at River-dale and at a dozen similar institutions. Competent colored men and women who were self-assertive and demanded wages, treatment and promotion have been dismissed as impudent and insubordinate. White workers have been brought in for the same work, with less duties and higher wages, and allowed to indulge their racial consciousness to such an extent as almost to ruin the morale of the institution. What is the remedy? There are two paths. One is that of the Lincoln Home and Hospital in New York, which will employ no Negro in any but a menial position, although it is an endowed school and charity especially for Negroes. No colored physician can practice on the colored patients of the hospitals; no colored pharmacist may work there; even the chaplain is white; in short, the color line is drawn relentlessly and shamelessly. This is a solution, but it is a thoroughly contemptible one. The other path is to require of all workers, white or black, education and thorough competency for their tasks; then the white workers should understand that persons in colored institutions must work and associate with colored folk on terms of perfect equality and mutual respect; that these children are their little brothers and sisters, and if such relationship is repugnant to them their services are undesirable. The colored workers should be warned that competency, not color, is the pass TH E CRISIS port to salary, promotion and authority, and that a spirit of good will without hypersensitiveness is the thing most needful. Is such a solution Utopian? It is not. It is plain common sense, and if the board of control of the Colored Orphan Asylum cannot carry it out they would better give place to others. Finally, it is a great mistake to have a governing board over an institution for colored people on which the Negro race is not represented. There is no argument of social compatibility, wealth or education which should for a moment defend such an anomaly and injustice. SLAVERY. THE civilization of South Africa, by means of theft, disfranchisement and slavery, goes on apace . Recently the better-paid white workingmen who have long been attempting to climb to affluence and democracy on the necks of black slaves have been led to strike. London papers thus detail their reasons: "The mining of gold in South Africa produces an appalling death roll. "The white underground workers in the South African mines number between 10,000 and 12,000. It is stated that there are 4,000 new cases of miner's phthisis among them annually. "Last year more than 1,000 of the 3,000 men examined by the medical commission were found to have phthisis. No rock driller could work in the mines for sixteen years and escape it. Death takes place, as a rule, before the age of 40. After two and one-half years' service 25 per cent, of the men are affected, and the proportion increases till after fifteen and one-half years' service the percentage affected is 100. "Furthermore, the death rate from accidents in South African mines is the highest in any part of the world. The accident death rate in 1910 was 10 1/4 per thousand. Not less than 10,000 men die in these mines every year.'' If this is true of South African white men, with a vote and a voice and high wages, what, in the name of a merciful God, can be the condition of the voteless and voiceless blacks who toil for dividends to support luxurious restaurants and churches and automobiles in London and New York! CIVIL RIGHTS. THE sweeping away of the last vestiges of Charles Sumner's civil - rights bill by the Supreme Court leaves the Negro no worse off, but it leaves the nation poor, indeed. Charles Sumner tried to do, right on the heels of emancipation, that which must be done before emancipation is complete. As long as a single American citizen, be he poor or black or ill born,. can be publicly insulted by common carriers and public servants, just so long is democracy in the United States a contradiction and a farce. The civil-rights law- has long been a dead letter. First it was declared unconstitutional, as far as the States were concerned, in that series of astounding decisions of the Supreme Court, which turned the Fourteenth Amendment from its true purpose as a protector of men into a refuge for corporations. The law, however, still stood as applying to territories, the District of Columbia and the high seas. In the latest decision this vestige goes, but the Negro is by no means left without civil remedy. He is still a citizen and still has a right under common law, the Constitution and general legislation to appeal against discrimination. Let him neglect no opportunity to do that. BILL HUDSON —Hero A STORY —By T. R. PATTEN WE were gathered around the tire one evening at the guard house when the talk turned to heroism on the firing line. Troop F of the 9th Cavalry had just re turned from its tour of duty in the Philippines and we naturally expected its members to have something new. We had not long to wait, for old Sergeant Armstrong always had some yarn to tell. He was an old warrior, Sergeant Armstrong. He had enlisted away back in the 80's; had seen service in the Indian campaigns and in Cuba and had made a tour of duty in the Philippines, and we, of course, had great respect for "Old Serge." "I have never had anything to impress me so much," said he, "as the heroic act of Bill Hudson did. It is a long story, so just settle yourselves down to listen. We were stationed at Fort Robinson in the spring of '99 when Bill came to the troop; the boys had assembled to await the coming of the wagon, which always brought the mail and the 'rookies,' and Bill was one of them. There was something striking about him; a tall, broad-shouldered, fine-looking black fellow, with an eye that fairly sparkled and seemed to say 'Don't bother me, for I am dangerous.' His carriage and build gave evidence of his being an athlete, as we afterward found out he was. Almost every man in the troop eyed him with awe, and none of them attempted to play the usual tricks and jokes on him, such as sending him after sabre ammunition, and telling him to put on his full-dress uniform to answer stable call. The only exception was 'Simp' Halloway, the troop wag, who said: 'You all played tricks on me when I came here and I ain't going to let him out.' But as he was promptly knocked down for his effrontery, Bill was allowed to go his way after that without molestation. "He was an athlete of more than ordinary ability; in boxing, running, ball playing and swimming he was always in the lead and soon became the champion of all troops stationed at 'Robinson.' But he had one bad fault; he would get drunk. Every time pay day came around he would go to town and stay there until the provost guard had to bring him in. One night after pay day a message was brought to Captain Ayres that Bill was on another 'spree' and was shooting up the town. The mounted guard was sent out to 'round Bill up' and he was locked up in the guard in double irons—that is, chained hand and foot. The next morning he was brought up before the captain, who happened to be in a very lenient mood and was inclined to lecture and reprove rather than to sentence. " 'Bill,' said he, 'why don't you stay sober? You are a good soldier when you are sober, and I hate to punish you. If I let you off this time will you promise that you will let drink alone?' " 'Captain,' said Bill, 'I came from a good family, had a good education and was on a fair way to make a success in life, but I began to drink and that ruined me. A s a last resort I entered the service., but if you will give me one more chance I'll cut out the booze and make good.' "From that day he was a changed man, but as it is customary in our troop for every man to have a nickname, we called him 'Bad Bill.' That name stuck to him like a leech. "Shortly after this incident we were ordered to get ready to go to the Islands. Recruits were sent in; commissary and quartermaster stores were got ready and everywhere the air was rife with excite ment, as the men had begun to chafe under the restraint of barrack life and were anxious to get to the front. Sergeant Setphein, another of the old 'landmarks' of Troop F , said to the younger men: 'Some of you "rookies" will be glad to get back before you are over there two years,' which "was to be our term of service. "The trip to 'Frisco' and the embarkation on the transport 'Grant' were uneventful, _and we were soon steaming out through the Golden Gate. W e stopped at Honolulu for coal and thence on to Manila. Slowly and majestically the 'Grant' plowed her way into the bay where, on the 1st of May, '98, the guns of Dewey's ships bespoke the doom of the Spanish fleet. We could see the remains 188 THE CRISIS of it studding the water here and there like monuments of that fateful occasion. Going in close to shore the 'Grant' dropped anchor and as she swung lazily to and fro, like a giant bulldog tugging at its chain, we had a chance to view Manila in the perspective and to see the beautiful verdant growth of the tropics at its best. We, however, did not have much time for dreaming, for the call soon went to prepare to go ashore, and we got busy packing up, prior to taking the small steamer up to San Fernando, our future station. "To make a long story short, we had been at San Fernando about two months when we were ordered to get ready for a 'hike' out after the 'gugus' up through their main stronghold. 'Ta! ta!' rang out trumpeter Brown's bugle and every man sprang to attention. 'Mount! Form ranks! Fours left! Trot!' came in quick succession and we were off to receive our baptism of fire. We were loping along the road between Namapaean and Bangar when suddenly a volley of Remington bullets whizzed over us, and before we could dismount, another. A t the first volley Captain Ayres' horse, a spirited animal, bolted and started straight up to the lines of the enemy. " 'My God!' shouted Bill, 'the captain will be killed,' and putting spurs to his horse he started off after the captain. Reaching his side, Bill, by almost superhuman strength, lifted the captain from his horse and, placing him across the pommel of his own saddle, started back. "The 'gugus' were so startled at what had happened that they stood looking on in mute astonishment. "When Bill was coming back, however, a command was given in Filipino, and another volley whistled past us. Bill was seen to reel, but managed to retain his seat by holding on with his knees. Captain Ayres was uninjured, but Bill was mortally wounded. "After an hour's fighting we succeeded in exterminating the enemy, but ere we had finished, Bill had passed to the Great Beyond. He had 'made good.' "As we rode back to the quarters the captain said: 'Boys'—and as we looked at him we saw a tear drop standing in his eye— 'you called Bill a bad man, but he wasn't. He was a good man; yes, a d good man and a hero.' An d every mother's son of us breathed 'Amen.' " OUR NEIGHBORS By H. PEARSON '1 ' 0 love my neighbor as myself To love my neighbor as myself I've always longed to do, I've toiled with all my soul, And yet I never can succeed: But I know why I missed the mark— M y neighbor is a Jew. M y neighbor is a Pole. To love my neighbor as myself To love my neighbor as myself I've struggled week by week, And help him in his need, I cannot keep this great command: I cannot do, though hard I've tried: M y neighbor is a Greek. M y neighbor is a Swede. To love my neighbor as myself, To love my neighbor as myself And not a duty shirk, I said, "I know I can!" I've prayed, but have completely failed: I failed, but I've a good excuse: My neighbor is a Turk. He is a colored man. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE BRANCHES. A SELECTE D list of branches, omitting only those from which the association has received generous financial support and a few which have just been admitted, were asked by the secretary to raise $100 each for the legal redress fund. This is the amount needed for the salary of a lawyer who shall give his entire time to our legal work. It is manifestly impossible for the brilliant group of lawyers who have given so generously of their services to undertake the routine work which the increasing number of cases daily referred to us has made necessary. They will still continue to lend us the prestige of their names and to argue eases whenever possible. Of the branches addressed all but one have replied favorably. Indianapolis was the first to pledge the amount; Washington the first to send the contribution. Since the latter was received Indianapolis has also sent a cheek for $100. In June the secretary visited the following branches: Detroit, Chicago, Baltimore and Washington. Everywhere were displayed a most encouraging spirit and the keenest interest in the work of the association. DETROIT. Detroit has a militant group of representative colored men. They have had a peculiarly difficult condition to meet, owing to discrimination, the immediate cause of which was a series of crimes committed by a small number of white and colored people in a disreputable section of the city. This discrimination was. peculiarly sinister in its possibilities, since in the past, with the exception of Tacoma, probably no other city has offered a better opportunity to colored people. Members of the branch took an aggressive position and were particularly successful in their work of legal redress, in which they have been aided by Mr. Warren, their counsel, a most able attorney. A s this goes to press the secretary, Mr. Thompson, writes that the branch has at last secured the recall of the police order directing officers to arrest all colored men seen in the company of white women. This order was a serious restriction on the liberty of colored people, because in many eases mistakes were made, since the officers could not tell a fair colored woman from a white woman, and the colored men so arrested were always detained without process of law. In one instance a young colored boy was arrested in company with his mother, a very fair colored woman. Both were taken to the police station, where they were subjected to most humiliating treatment until they were able to prove their relationship. It is intimated that the action of the Detroit branch had some influence in compelling the author of this police order to resign. A t a meeting of the branch, which the national secretary attended, $70 of the $100 requested for the new lawyer's salary was raised and the balance pledged. CHICAGO. IN Chicago the secretary found a wonderful spirit of co-operation and unity. Though many members were out of town, several generous contributions to the work were received. BALTIMORE. A t Baltimore the secretary addressed an afternoon meeting of the branch which was well attended. A portion of the $100 re TH E CRISIS quested for the lawyer's salary was raised at this meeting and the balance pledged. The branch renewed its hearty invitation to the National Association to hold its next conference in Baltimore. WASHINGTON. In Washington the secretary addressed a meeting held in the Shiloh Baptist Church. Over $100 was collected toward the new lawyer's salary and more pledged. A number of subscriptions were taken for TH E CRISIS and about twenty new members were secured. A n unfortunate difficulty has arisen in Washington. At the May meeting of the board it was decided that the secretary, then absent, should be directed upon her return to take up two points with the Washington members: First, to secure a larger representation of prominent white friends on the advisory board and, secondly, the ease of Dr. Waldron as president. Everyone present expressed a high regard for Dr. Waldron's fearless position for many years, but the majority felt that since he had taken a definite political stand and was an applicant for office, he would unduly antagonize many Washington people whose help Ave needed. That he is an applicant for office is proven by letters in our possession. The board felt that this matter could only be taken up by going directly to' Dr. Waldron and putting the matter up to him. We all felt that he would understand our point. Dr. Waldron was interviewed and did not agree with the board. The matter was then taken up with the executive committee of the local. No action was taken, but the sense of the meeting was that Dr. Waldron should follow the suggestion of the board of directors of the National Association. After the secretary left Washington another meeting of the executive committee of the local was held, at which' four out of nine members were present. Dr. Waldron declared that no business could be transacted, as there was not a quorum. The matter was then taken up at a regular meeting of the local, which was held in Lincoln Temple, June 20, at which Dr. Waldron presided. Here again the ruling of the chair prevented the introduction of the matter and precipitated a scene of confusion, which resulted in 127 members (a large majority of the members present) adjourning to another room in the building. Mr . L . M . Hershaw was elected temporary president and Mr. Thomas H. R. Clarke temporary secretary. B y unanimous vote the office of president was declared vacant and the vice-president empowered to act as president. The final disposition of the matter is now in the hands of the committee on branches, of which Dr. J. E. Spingarn is chairman. NEW YORK. The vigilance committee reports that its fighting squad of fifteen has held two meetings, at which subcommittees were appointed as follows: Committee on restaurants, Mr. Henry C. Parker, chairman; committee on theatres and summer amusement places, Mr. George Harris, chairman; committee on police and automobile conveyances, Mr . Newton W . Griggs, chairman. In its publicity campaign the vigilance committee has sent 840 personal letters, mostly to colored people, advising them of the work and aims of the committee and requesting their co-operation. A system of membership fees has been worked out and a membership committee of ten has been appointed. Two thousand leaflets giving full information with regard to the work have been printed for circulation. The committee has pushed its work of fighting discrimination in restaurants and theatres, of which some account was given in the last issue of TH E CRISIS. In addition to these eases the committee reports a wide variety of cases, ranging in seriousness from the grievance of the lady whose butcher sold her short weight in pork chops to the serious charge of homicide. Space forbids our printing any but the most important case, which was that of discrimination in the sale of the Morris Park Race Track lots, which involved the rights of colored people to attend the public auction sale of land and their unrestricted right to buy property. The vigilance committee, represented by attorney J. William Smith and ex-Congressman Wm . S. Bennett, attempted to secure an injunction preventing the sale of any lots until colored THE N. A. depositors of the Northern Bank and the Carnegie Trust Companies were permitted to bid.' Their case, brought in the name of Mrs. Emma Murray and G. A. Brambill against George C. Van Tuyl, Jr., Charles A . Home, Joseph P. Day, Clarence Davies, was contested for two days at the special term of the Supreme Court before Judge Giegerich. He denied the action for an injunction on a technicality, but stated that any citizen, regardless of race or color, had the right to attend a public sale of this kind and bid on all property offered. The following letter was received by Congressman Bennett from the superintendent of banks: DEAR SIS: I am in receipt of your telegram of even date. I have not authorized, and shall not authorize, the restrictions referred to by you. Since receiving your telegram I have advised the auctioneers in charge of the sale that I should insist that the sale be conducted in such manner that no charge of race prejudice or race discrimination could be justly brought against myself or the banking department. Very respectfully yours, (Signed) GEO. C. VAN TUYL, JR. Superintendent of Banks. The next day several colored citizens were denied admission when they attempted to enter the grounds. Mr . George W . Eields, who was shoved and assaulted, requested officer James A. Dougherty and mounted policeman O'Connor to arrest the guards who prevented his entry to the track. This they refused to do. The matter was taken up with Commissioner Waldo, who stationed a sergeant and sufficient officers at the grounds with instructions that colored citizens were to be admitted. The next morning, when colored men went up and were again refused admission, two of the guards were arrested. After that four other colored citizens were permitted to enter, and later all others desiring admission were allowed to enter until the close of the sale. A LETTER. Frederick E . Wadhams, Esq., Treasurer American Bar Association, M Y DEAR SIR : A s I cannot respond in the usual form to your reminder of my annual dues, you are entitled to know my reasons. The action of the association at Mil waukee and the conduct of the executive A. C. P. 191 committee which preceded it, in trying to expel the colored members in open disregard of the constitution, and when this attempt failed, in drawing the color line, by application of the gag, against all other colored lawyers equally entitled to admission under the constitution, dissolved my relations with the association. Of the various offences involved in that proceeding, color prejudice, contemptible as that appears to me, is perhaps the least. Conduct of which the prevailing elements are cowardice, hypocrisy, fraud and force is not the conduct of gentlemen, or of such lawyers as I am accustomed to associate with, though I make no pretensions to superior virtue. This is not merely my own opinion of it. The public press recognized its true character, and made the association deservedly an object of public ridicule and contempt. Would you or would Judge Dickinson, the putative father of the bastard resolution, like to see the specifications or the press comments in that part of the country where the press is free, collated and published? I was invited to join in the remonstrance of ex-president Storey and other Massachusetts members, but regarded it as inadequate to the case. Apparently that faint note of dissent is not likely to be heard of again, though the action of the association is peculiarly an affront to Massachusetts, which is responsible for two of the three colored members. Undoubtedly the action at Milwaukee will stand, as anybody who saw the riot there would expect. There is at least one Massachusetts member who takes the metamorphosed association at its true value. A handful of Southern colorphobes, with the help of the usual subservient Northern majority, have captured it and turned it into a sort of Bourbon club, to which professional character and standing is not a title to admission, the first qualification now being one unknown to the constitution and having no relation to anything professional. I never came into any such compact as this. The association is no longer a Bar Association in any. proper sense. As the association which I joined, it has ceased to exist, and I am relieved from paying it the formal compliment of resigning my membership. Very truly yours, A. E. PILLSBURY'. Colored California THE charm and mystery of Negro race as a State whose decision to be California lie in its very free precipitated the great conflict which name. It was named from eventually led to Civil War and the free-a romance and lay "on dom of the slave. In our day California the right hand of the has become the tourist's wonderland, a Indies, very near the ter- place of roses and lilies, of palms and restrial paradise," and was giant redwoods; here are valleys like the supposed to be peopled by Amazons and Yosemite, bays like the Golden Gate, great Griffins. It is bound up with the history mountains and beautiful rivers and cities of the United States and the world as a like Los Angeles. One never forgets Los land of gold; with the history of the Angeles and Pasadena: the sensuous beauty MR. WALKER'S TAILOR SHOP. COLORED CALIFORNIA ME. OWENS' BUSINESS BLOCK. of roses and orange blossoms, the air and the sunlight and the hospitality of all its races lingers long. The colored population of Los Angeles has grown fast. It was but 2,000 in 1900, while in 1910 it was 7,500, and it has grown very rapidly since that. These colored people are pushing and energetic. They are without doubt the most beautifully housed group of colored people in the United States. They are full of push and energy and are used to working together. The occasion of my coming to Los An geles was an assessment of $8,000 put by the city on a prominent colored church— Wesley Chapel. The money must be raised forthwith and the energetic pastor, E . W. Kinchen, set out to do it. Everything was arranged with thoughtfulness and businesslike precision. The reception committee, with a procession of automobiles, met me at the station; a large theatre at night was filled with 2,300 people from the white, yellow and black races. There were receptions that were not stiff and formal; there was a jolly banquet and, above all, automobile rides about all the surrounding country. I spoke to 1,500 white students about liberty and democracy, such as should include all peoples; I visited working girls' homes and day nurseries, and, above all, I saw the business establishments of the colored people. There was a splendid merchant tailor shop with a large stock of goods; a furniture store; two real-estate companies; the largest junk-dealers' business in the State; a contractor who was putting up some of the best buildings in the city with colored workmen; physicians, lawyers and dentists with offices in first-class buildings and, above all, homes— beautiful homes. To be sure Los Angeles is not Paradise, much as the sight of its lilies and roses TH E CRISIS might lead one at first to believe. The color line is there and sharply drawn. Women have had difficulty in having gloves and shoes fitted at the stores, the hotels do not welcome colored people, the restaurants are not for all that hunger. Still the better class of people, colored and white, can and do meet each other. There is a great deal of co-operation and good will and the black folk are fighters and not followers of the doctrine of surrender. The group at San Diego I shall remember chiefly through the women's club and the interesting audience of colored people, white people and radicals. Here I had my first sight of the Pacific and realized how California faces the newest color problem, the problem of the relation of the Orient and Occident. The colored people of California do not quite realize the bigness of this problem and their own logical position. They do not yet realize that the Japanese are protagonists in that silly but awful fight of color against color which is world wide, and which will only escape a last great catastrophe because of its utter unreasonableness. The new blood of California with its snap and ambition has captured Los Angeles, but is just penetrating Oakland and San Francisco. In these latter cities the older, easier-going colored man, born free, but also born listless, still holds sway and looks with suspicion upon the Southern and Eastern newcomer. Then, too, the white trades unions have held the Negro out and clown, so that here one finds a less hopeful, pushing attitude. A t the same time, yet curiously intertwined causally with this, there is less of the color bar. I stopped at Oakland in a good hotel and dined in San Francisco at first-class restaurants. Notwithstanding this the opportunity of the San Francisco Negro to earn a living is very difficult; but he knows this and he is beginning to ask why. Moreover. COLORED CALIFORNIA MR. GREENE'S FAMILY AND HOME. San Francisco, being as it is in the grip of labor folk and radicals, is beginning to see that the Negro problem is not so very far from their problem as one might think. I dined with the social workers of the twin cities and talked with them frankly of our difficulties and found them sympathetic. A t Stockton I found a handful of folk with the familiar conditions of the Eastern small town—the colored group shut out and almost forgotten; somewhat stagnant and dull eyed and yet with a certain stirring and leaven and a certain premonition of awakening; and then, at last, out from the glory of the Golden Gate and through the red heat of Sacramento, I flew up and on toward the great ghost of Shasta. Shasta, where the earth, white robed and silent, walks up into Heaven and disappears, while we wind round about in cut and canon with full and brawling rivers. Al l day we wander round as though fascinated by the crowning splendor of this mysterious bridal. It is difficult to illustrate one's impressions, but TH E CRISIS gives a few bits of Los Angeles to show the stranger its beauty and enterprise. Our cover picture represents the beautiful home of Mr. and Mrs. William Foster. At the bottom of page 194 is the pretty new home of a bride and groom, Dr. and Mrs. J. A. Somerville, where the editor was entertained during his stay. On this page is the family of the secretary of the colored Y . M . C . A . and their home, while the last picture, on page 196, is the home of Mr. Spigner, a photographer, who furnished most of these pictures. Of the business life of Los Angeles one may get some idea from the picture of the shop of a successful merchant tailor, on page 192, and the business block owned by R. C. Owens, the wealthiest colored resident of the city. TH E CRISIS ME. SPIGNER'S HOME IN LOS ANGELES. PUBLISHERS' CHA T A Chicago lawyer sends us the following note: "Enclosed find my check to renew my subscription for TH E CRISIS. "While I disagree with you in the lavish use which you make of the word Negro in your magazine I am inducing my friends to support you in your work." This is the kind of letter that tells what TH E CRISIS is doing. It is making people feel that, no matter how it may differ from them in trivial things, it is in accord with those who stand for the rights of—what shall we call him? The Negro. We might be inclined to accept unreservedly the lawyer's point of view with regard to this word, but as there are so many who constantly declare their preference for "Negro" rather than "colored man," we shall content ourselves with writing the first that comes to our pen, for we are certain that our readers will always understand what and whom we mean. In September appears the Northwest Number. With the coming of the Children's Number in October, which we hope you will help illustrate by sending us without delay a picture of your baby, the business management of TH E CRISIS will be assumed by Mr. Augustus Granville Dill, late of Atlanta University. Next month we shall publish a sketch of Mr. Dill. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER WANTED 500 Negro families (farmers preferred) to settle on FRE E Government Lands in Chaves County, New Mexico. Blackdom is a Negro colony. Fertile soil, ideal climate. No "Jim Crow" Laws. For information write JAS. HAROLD COLEMAN Blackdom ----- New Mexico Swell, Nifty Suit FREE! Get in Quick! Most marvel ous tailoring offering ever made. Be our sale manager in your town—$250 month. Enough coin to fill your i pockets. Nifty suits for you to wear—ALL FREE. Make $60 to $75 a week selling our nifty suits. It's easy! Orders turned over to you. No experience, no money necessary. WE PAY EXPRESS ON EVERYTHING You pay nothing — absolutely nothing. EVERYTHING guaran teed, too. Write-Hurry!Send a postal card right away for this great free offer. Never anything lite it. Get our book of beautifui samples and full particulars—all free. You assume DO obligations whatever, so write at once. American Woolen Mills Co. Dept. 851 Chicago, 111. The loyal Knights and Ladies of Malachites is incorporated under the laws of the District of Columbia. Its object is to combine the Negroes of the world for their mutual advancement along industrial and comraerciallines. It also stands for the full enjoyment by the Negro of e his civil and political rights. Grand Supreme movement is inlerna This Governor tional in its scope; wehave lodges not only in the United States but in Jamaica, B. W. I.; Colon,BocasdelToro, Panama (Canal Zone) and Costa Rica. It is a dark day for the Negro and he must come together. Race movements have failed because our people were told that by contributing thereto the race only would be benefited, but no tangible individaal benefits were offered. By our plan the member pays 35c. per month in the Association and receives $4.00 per week sick benefits and $100 at death. We not only look after the race but each individual member as well. A bigcon vention is soon to be held here. We want a lodge in every village, hamlet and town and a delegate to be sent to this convention. Organizers wanted everywhere. For full particulars, write KNIGHTS OF MALACHITES  1111 You St. N. W. Washington, D. C. A Mention Army and Navy Goods AT GREATLY REDUCED RATES Boy Scout Uniforms	 $2.50 Khaki Trousers	 1.25 Khaki Coats	 1.25 U.	 8. Army White Uniforms 00 U.	 S. Army White lints 25 U.	 S. Army Shoes 1.00 U,	 S. Navy Working Overalls 40 Blankets and camp outfits at bargain prices J. J. REYNOLDS 89 Warren St. --- Brooklyn, N. Y. Statement of the Ownership, Management, etc., of TH E CRISIS, published monthly ut 2G Vesey Street, New York, as required by the Act of August 24, 1912. Editor and Business Manager: W. E. B. Du Bois, 26 Vesey Street, New York City. Publisher: The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, 26 Vesey Street, New York City. Owners: The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, a corporation, composed of 30 directors; no stock issued. Known bondholders, mortgagees and other security holders, holding 1 per cent, or more of total amount of bonds, mortgages or other securities, none. JAMES B. CLARKE, Managing Editor. Sworn to and subscribed before me this eleventh day of July, 1913. HATTIE KASBERG, Commissioner of Deeds, 5 Beekman Street, ,„ New York. [Seal] COLORED HELP WANTED Private Families Houseworkers, $25-$30; cooks, $30$50; laundresses, $30-$35; chamber maids, $25-$28; waitresses, $25-$30. Also butlers, $35-$60; useful men, $25-$35; couples, $55-$75. Apply with references. N. Y. &amp; N. J. Industrial Exchange Miller Building, Room 302, Third Floor 1931 Broadway. Corner 65th St. Mrs.	 E. Marrow, Mgr. New York City Positively Leading Agency for Colored Help. TOR RENT—Three rooms and bath; hot water; separate gas; private house; upstairs. Rent $16. Apply on premises. 748 Hancock St., Brooklyn. WANTED^ Agents to handle TH E CRISIS in all sections of the country. Splendid opportunity for money-making and dignified employment. Address TH E CRISIS 26 Vesey Street -- New York TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER $1.25 WORTH FOR $1.00 m~ u - zit -mi The new odorless disinfectant at And a Teaspoon FREE less than one-quarter cent per gallon. Safe, efficient, economical. The only disinfectant that abso To introduce our high-grade lutely destroys any odor without leav ing another. "U-Zit " is just starting. teas and coffees into every home Start with it. Antiseptic and harmless. we will, for $1, send to any adOne teaspoonful makes three gallons. Hot or cold water. dress, by prepaid parcel post, "U-Zit" for scrubbing. "U-Zit" for 1 pound Superior Blend Coffee. dishwashing. "U-Zit" for cleaning woodwork, windows, refrigerators. pound Ground Spice (your Vz pound Choice Mixed Tea. "U-Zit" for thoroughly disinfecting choice) toilets, etc. "U-Zit" for cleaning the barn, and a handsomely engraved dairies, etc. Rogers teaspoon. Guar"U-Zit" to kill all germs and better anteed 10 years. preserve health. "U-Zit" is guaranteed to be as rep L ADY A GENTS W ANTE D ; dignified work; resented or money refunded. Sample everybody drinks tea and coffee. Good test free. Can we be of service to commission. Handsome premiums free. you? Personal references given. Write Department A. "U-Zit" is put up in cans and retailed KANISTER TEA &amp; COFFEE for the small sum of $1 per pound. Special five-pound can, $4, F. O. B. COMPANY Chicago. Terms, thirty days. Address "Modern Day Service in Cup Quality" U-ZIT SPECIALTIES CO. 681 Atlantic Ave., Brooklyn, N. Y. 3726 S. Dearborn St., Chicago, 111. 'TELLING A STORY To friends who know you, may be easy, but "putting one over" to strangers is quite different. Telling a busy, business man about your services or your merchandise is still less a "cinch," for he hears the same story every day a dozen or more times. A clever speaker, before a sleepy or hostile audience, puts a good, stiff punch into his very first remark. This "knocks 'em off their feet" and they listen. Your business letters may be good, but if they lack the "punch" they won't "pull." Correct business stationery is the "punch" that hits the busy man "right in the eye" and makes him read your letter We'll show you the sort of stationery we create, if you write us. W e print for Mr . Conde Nast, of Vogue; we print T H E CRISIS. ROBERT N. WOOD, Printing and Engraving 202 EAST 99th STREET NEW YORK 'Phone 6667 Lenox Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER 199 The very Business Opportunity for which YO U have been looking may possibly he here on this page. SELLS LIKE HOT CAKES Agents wanted everywhere to sell this ironing wax in pad form. It perfumes the clothes with a lasting violet perfume. WAX-IN-PAD MANUFACTURERS Lynbrook New York WHILE YOU LEARN A splendid opportunity for ambitious young men and women. "We teach Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping and Business Arithmetic, according to the latest methods of modern business science. Earnest, efficient instructors. We also maintain an EMPLOYMENT BUREAU to assist our students and graduates in securing positions. Many of them now hold steady positions with some of New York's largest business houses. The service of the Bureau is FREE . Correspondence invited. Address Harlem Commercial School F. WALTER MOTTLET, Principal 525 Lenox Avenue New York WANTED -« Men and women everywhere to start pleasant, profitable home work. Manufacture toilet articles, perfumes and household specialties. I start you right and give free advice one year. Send for my list, select any three formulas, mail to me with $1, and get formulas and plain, complete directions. I guarantee satisfaction or money back. List and valuable information free. Fourteen years' practical chemistry. Address HARVEY L. PITTMAN, Manufacturing Chemist 618 Fifth Avenue, East --- Duluth, Minn. WANT A JOB? Sleeping-car Porters wanted for summer and permanent service. No experience necessary. Write to-day for full information. AMERICAN SERVICE SCHOOL Instruction Department 80 Fifth Avenue --- New York City IF NOT. WHY NOT? Own a Home in the North We have an Increasing demand for ambitious, progressive colored people who are seeking homes in the North. We are the medium through which these demands can be supplied. Only such as can satisfy us that they are desirable will be considered. Before locating be sure you get our Property Bulletin. It's free for the asking. P. H. SYKES, Real Estate Broker Cor. 19th and Ellsworth Streets --• Philadelphia. Pa. Made $30 First Day B. Basha. of Bell Islnnd, Newfoundland, did this with our CHAMPION Minute Photo Machine That . H -.&lt; • make such profit at the oturt, shows thut no ex nerlence la needed ID this won derful 11I' I II' • I I!i I I. I I I. ' l&gt;i, ,|. Robt. Bock,Willow Hill, Pa , took in $35 In one day. Vernard Baker, Holbrook, Neb.,(29.90. Jas. F.Wende. Ash ton, Idaho, £26. ".. V. Lovett, Ft. Muodu, Fla., madu . in onu tiny. Theso Li*, i iiii,nihil , .ii'. just a few of many hundreds wo huvu on iilo. Plotnres in Poet Cards and on Buttons al 1 the rage at Fairs, Carnivals, Picnics, Resorts, Schools, De pots, Factories, on Streets—anywhere—everywhere. Our Champion Camera takes pictures size 2^x3^, 1\-'-.. and buttons. Finishes complete photo in 30 ..I,, i .. 200 HI hour. No dark room, Easiest, quickest, bifnrost money-maker known. Small Investment. About 86c profit on each dollar you take in. He your own bona. Write at once for Free Book, Testimonials and Liberal Offer. AMERICAN MINUTE PHOTO CO. 2214 Oguun MI/B., Dept. E.649, Chicago, Illinois RELIABLE, LIVE, RESPONSIBLE MEN who can sell real estate can MAKE MORE than $200 PER MONTH acting as AGENT S for the sale of our properties in MUSKOGEE and TAFT, OKLAHOMA. The real coming country where there are opportunities and openings for all. Write us to-day, giving your age and experience, and we will offer you a FINE PROPOSITION WHICH WILL MAKE YOU MONEY. Address REEVES REALTY CO. Department C 217 Flynn-Ames Bldg. Muskogee, Okla. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street New York JUST THINK OF IT Gordon Safety Razors made to retail for 25c. Shavei as smoothly as some of the high-priced razors Splendid seller. Will last a lifetime. Sample, 10c. GORDON COMPANY Northwestern Building Chicago, III. WANTED—ONE MAN OR WOMAN IN EVERY locality to start a Candy Kitchen. Best paying small business on earth I Few dollars starts you. Get away from wage slavery. Write for particulars. Native Herbarium Co., Ambler, Pa. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER PLACES TO STOP RIGHT ON THE BEACH! ore Hotel Open from May to October The best summer hotel with the most delightful surroundings. Situated on Chesapeake Bay, right on the beach, three miles from Fortress Monroe, Va. A charming location, a fine and safe bathing beach and good fishing. Thirty-two bedrooms, spacious parlors, broad piazzas and a large pavilion. The hotel has just been greatly improved by the addition of several bedrooms, baths, porches and an upto-date kitchen. Our patrons will be delighted with "Dear old Bay Shore" enlarged and beautified. No restless nights here, for the breezes blow while you sleep. Terms moderate. Address TH E BA Y SHOR E HOTE L CO . P. O. Box 364, Hampton, Va. J. Henry Robinson, Manager Good trolley car service between the hotel and Hampton, Fortress Monroe and Newport News. HOTEL COMFORT MRS.	 M. B. COMFORT, Proprietress The ideal summer resort—open all the year Corner Second St. and Bay Ave. -- Ocean City, N. J. HOTEL WASHINGTON First-class Service for First-class People 3252 Wabash Avenue, Chicago, 111. BISHOP COLLEGE, MARSHALL, TEX. Maintains college, academic, theological, musical, normal grammar and industrial departments. Offers the most advanced courses and is the best-equipped school for Negroes in the Southwest. For information address C. H. MAXSON. President ARCHITECTS TANDY &amp; FOSTER Architects 1931 Broadway New York Telephone 5368 Columbus H. HENRY HARRIS Architect Cor. 8th and Princess Streets Wilmington, N. C. MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY Recommends teachers for schools; secures employment tor teachers. , Blanks and information furnished free on application. 1335 T Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. REGALIA A Race Enterprise Manufacturing Badges, Banners and Supplies for all Fraternal and Church Societies. Catalogue upon request. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. Jos. L. Jones, Pres. N.	 E. Cor. 8th and Plum Sti. Cincinnati, Ohio TYPEWRITERS Agents' Prices One machine at wholesale price to introduce our goods. Bargains iu every make. Typewriters for $5.00 up. STANDARD TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE 31-E Park Row New York J. E. ORMES ACCOUNTANT Audits Systems Business information by mail. Open for engagements July and August. Box 25, Wilberforce University Wilbertorce, O. REPRESENTATIVES WANTED A number of bright young men and women wanted at once to represent us in their communities. A splendid opportunity for energetic young people. From $25 to $45 easily made bv ordinary young person willing to work. Double that amount can easily be made by the right kind of young people. Address the NORTHWESTERN EXTENSION UNIVERSITY 207 South Sixth Street -- Minneapolis, Minn. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER No.4 Special Buggy only $65.00 HIGHEST GRADE A Value Unequal ed. Sold on $1.00 Profit Margin. FROM FACTORY TO USER Write for prices and other styles. Send for Catalogue. C. R. PATTERSON &amp; SONS GREENFIELD, OHIO. LARGEST NEGRO CARRIAGE CONCERN IN THE UNITED STATES. SCHOOL OF BEAUTY CULTURE AND HAIR DRESSING Kelsey's Hair Dressing, Hair Grower, Scalp Tonic and Face Lotion have no equal. Price, 60c each. Guaranteed under Food and Drug Act, June 30, 1906. Manicuring, Shampooing, Hair Dressing, Marcel Waving, Facial and Body Massage, Hair Making, Chiropody, etc., scientifically taught. Unlimited practice in parlor KELSEY'S day and night. Pupils taught at home, if desired. Diplomas. Special Summer Course. S7.50 up. Send for Telephone, Momingside 8162 booklet. Mme. A. Carter Kelsey, Gen'l Intr.; Dr. Samuel 143 West 131st St. A. Kelsey, Chiropodist, President and Gen'l Manager. NEW YORK MILES M. WEBB Something New Chicago's Expert Photographer Kelly Miller's Monographic Magazine Issued monthly. Complete treat ment of some phase of the race problem in each issue. "Education for Manhood" in the April number. Price, 10 cents a single copy; 25 cents for three months' subscription; $1 per year. Rates to agents: 7l/2 cents a copy on orders under ten; 5 cents a copy on orders over fifteen. Agents wanted everywhere. On account of liberal rates, remittance must accompany order. Address I specialize In every phase of artistic picture making Send me your photos for enlargement. Prices reasonable Satisfaction guaranteed. 'Phone 6688 Douglass HOWARD UNIVERSITY Washington ------ D. C. WEBB STUDIO 3519 State Street Chicago, III. Mention TH E CRISIS. 202 TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE O FFICES: 26 Vesey Street, New York. Incorporated May 25, 191 1 OFFICERS National President—Mr. Moorfield Storey, Boston, Chairman of the Board of Directors— Mass. Mr. Oswald Garrison Villard, New York. Vice-Presidents— Treasurer—Mr. Walter E . Sachs, New York. Rev. John Haynes Holmes, New York. Mr. John E. MilhoUand, New York. Director of Publicity and Research— Bishop Alexander Walters, New York. Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois, New York. Rev. Garnet R. Waller, Baltimore, Md. National Organizer—Dr. M. C. B. Mason, Cincinnati. Miss Mary White Ovington, Brooklyn, N. Y. Secretary—Miss May Childs Nerney, Brooklyn, N. Y. This is the Association which seeks to put into practice the principles which TH E CRISIS puts into words. If you believe what we SAY, join this Association and help us to put our words into DEEDS. MEMBERSHIP BLANK I hereby accept membership in the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR TH E ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. Please find enclosed dollars and enter my name as a member in Class paying $ a year, and send me TH E CRISIS. Name. Address Class 1. Donors, paying $100 to $500 per Class 3. Contributing Members, paying year. $2 to $10 per year. Class 2. Sustaining Members, paying Class 4. Associate Members, paying $1 $25 per year. per year. The subscription to TH E CRISIS is $1 extra, except to members paying $2 or more, who signify their wish that $1 of their dues be considered a CRISIS subscription. All members in good standing have the privilege of attending and voting at the Annual Conference of the Association. PLEASE MAKE CHECKS PAYABLE TO NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, 26 VESEY STREET, NEW YORK CITY. Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER LEGAL DIRECTORY This is a ready reference of some of the best lawyers in the country. OBF*"Il you are a lawyer and your name is not listed here you should write us at once. Residence 2546 Michigan Office Phone Bell Phone E-2161 Home 58 Main C. H. CALLOWAY Attorney and Oounaelor-at-Law Notary Public 117 W. 6th Street Kansas City, Mo. FRANKLIN W. WILLIAMS Attorney and Oounselor-at-Law Notary Public Seal Estate Conveyancer 206 ParrlBh Street Durham, N. C. Office L. D . Telephone 3297 Market Residence L. D . Telephone, 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS Counselor-at-Law Booms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St., Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice	 Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS Attorney and Counselor-at-Law 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis, Minn. BROWN S. SMITH Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Offices: Suite 610, Sykes Block. Minneapolis, Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL Attorney-a t-Law 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia, Pa. Tel. 2026 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN Attorney and Counselor-at-Law 34 SCHOOL STREET Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection W.	 Ashbie Hawkins George W. F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN Attorneys-at-Law 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Phones: Office, Bell 4059; New 420-M. Residence, New 733-A. THOS. E. GREENE, JR. Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Notary Public Maloney Block Youngstown, Ohio LEGA L DIRECTORY—Continued 1 Centrul 104W : j Majn fil HARRY E. DAVIS Attorney-at-Law Notary Public 1G07 Williamson Bldg. Cleveland, O. ELIJAH J. GRAHAM, Jr. Attorney-at-Law and Notary Public 1026 Market Street Wheeling, W. Va. William H. Austin Edmund O. Austin Law Offices of AUSTIN &amp; AUSTIN St. Paul Building, 220 Broadway, New York Suite 7—H, I, J, K Telephones: 7400, 5365, 5366 Cortlandt Telephone 5552 Cedar R. O. LEE Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Practice in All Courts 26 and 26 Union Block, 4th &amp; Cedar, St. Paul, Minn. PERSONAL CARDS Telephone 5277 Morningside DR. GERTRUDE E. CURTIS Surgeon Dentist 188 West 135th Street, New York City Telephone 4886 Morningside DR. D. W. ONLEY Surgeon Dentist S. W. Cor. 133d St. and Lenox Ave., New York Office Honrs: 9 to 12 a. m., 1 to 9 p. m. Sundays by Appointment Telephone 4048 Prospect JOHN B. MOSELEY REAL ESTATE and INSURANCE 640 Fulton Street Brooklyn, N. Y. UNDERTAKERS Telephone Columbus 3935 Open All Night RODNEY DADE &amp; BROS. Undertakers and Emhalmers Notary Public Funeral Parlor and Chapel Free. Licensed Lady Embalmer Prompt Service 266 West 63d Street New York, N. 1. Between Broadway and 8th Avenue MOVING Telephone 4214 Greeley BRANIC'S EXPRESS PACKING AND SHIPPING ANDREW J. BRANIC 469 SEVENTH AVENUE New York City Orders by mail or 'phone receive prompt attention TRUNKS STORED 25c. PER MONTH Official Expressman for the C. V. B. A, Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER LEARN TO READ MUSIC AT SIGHT FOE, $1.00 . TT One copy of any of the following included: Educated Frog, Octoroon, New Century IIarch, Xew Century Waltz, Anthem Collection, Song Service; or whole list for $2. Music published or arranged for publication. "Smith's Orchestra" HIGH-CLASS MUSIC REPRESENT ING OUR OWN COMPOSERS Smith's Sight Reader, 50c copy. "Emancipation Hymn," single copy 5c; per doz., 55c; per 100, 34.35, prepaid. Band and Orchestra arrangement, 50c a copy. Positions at actual pitch for Cornets, Altos, Trombones, Valve and Slide, scales and valuable hints. Never been offered before by anvone; to anyone. "We've Walked Side by Side" (Song Bring Back My Childhood Days) 25c Song Service for Sunday Schools 10c Anthem Book 25c Marches for Piano 25c 1 'Delaware Triumph,'' ' 'Delaware College," "Lovers' Retreat," "Tuskegee March" (To Dr. B. T. Washington), String Quartettes, Violin and Piano selections, Violin ' 'positions'' and scales; instruction diagrams for 'Cello and Bass, Viola and Piano. Send cash with order. Published by WM. D. SMITH 1547 North Camac St. Philadelphia, Pa. Telephone Connection , "DEACON" JOHNSON (That Cheerful Entertainer) Leader, Mandolin and Second Tenor with THE "DEACON" JOHNSON QUARTET Montreal New York Philadelphia Permanent Address: Times Sq. Sta., Box 317, New York City MME. FANNIE BELLE DE KNIGHT Dramatic and Dialect Reader. Engagements solicited. Students given special training in the Delsarte Method. Instruction also given in Dialect, English Grammar and Rhetoric. Terms Reasonable. Telephone Morningside 9045 Studio: 231 W. 134th St. New York City Mme. MARIE JACKSON STUART'S School of Expression, Music and Dramatic Art A thorough, well-defined course of instruction, designed to give the student, a comprehensive grasp of each subject in the shortest time. Terms reasonable. Dramas staged. Amateurs trained. Plays revised. ADDRESS 35 West 131st Street . . . - New York Mention THE EQUITABLE ASSURANCE SOCIETY OF OKLAHOMA Incorporated and licensed by the Insurance Department of the State of Oklahoma to write life, health and accident insurance on the level premium basis. No assessments. Address Home Office Peoples Bank &amp; Trust Company Bldg. Muskogee ------- Oklahoma Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 16 Monographs. Sold Separately. Address: A. G. DILL Atlanta University, Atlanta, Ga. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M . An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send orders to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 244 West 143d Street New York, N. Y. MAKE BIG MONEY Madame P. Calhoun, of 1036 Kennedy St., Anderson, S. C , is making big money as my district representative in her county. She says my PRINCESS HAIR OIL is a wonderful seller. JAMES T. EARLES 5 Collins St. Newport, R. I, WE will do your typewriting and save you money. Theses and legal papers promptly and accurately executed. Send us your manuscripts. We'll typewrite them—have them revised, if necessary—and help you get them placed with publishers. Send us your song poems. We'll have them set to music and tell you how and where to get them published. ANIN'S SERVICE BUREAU 115 Nassau St. ---New York TH E CRISIS TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER 205 Here's the NUMEROUS OPPORTUNI Latest TIES FOR ALL TO Craze W Wear 'em and Be Ahead LEARN A of the Times USEFUL TRADE There's nnlldriK to it but Bulgarian buttons now. Very latest style. Most In Enterprise Institute, Incorporbeautiful buttons you ever saw. Everybody goes wllil over them. Be tlie first ated and Located at Chicago, 111. in your town to wear tliem. You will inula' n smashing Ijlg lilt with one of our nitty, nutty sulls made to your measure, 11 hnnii'il wild these mngnlriecnt, gaily More than forty trades taught. cnloietl Bulgarian buttons. Prices very low and terms easy. Hurry! Hurry! Write Quick! for our bill style hook and samples, secret wholesale prices, etc. AL L t? inHC r FREE. Learn how to lr suJt .r ICI J II J » e y° u  without cost. Send us your application for a steady joh as canvassing salesman at from $3.00 a day and up. We Pay Express on Al l Clothes and guarantee satisfaction. Our suits sell themselves because they're always the latest style—six mouths ahead of everybody else a ml lowest in price. Send a postal or letter right this very minute. Call at or address Paragon Tailoring Co.,DepL8Sl,Chicago Enterprise Institute Don't forget that we sell books on the Rev. G. H. McDaniel, D. D., Pres. Race Problem 3711 State St. -- -Chicago, 111. TH E DUNBAR COMPANY 26 Vesey Street --- New York Big Clubbing Offers YOU READ AND YOU WRITE - therefore these offers will appeal to you. Seldom has any publisher been able to offer a similar bargain, and we were fortunate in being able to close the deal for this splendid book and very excellent fountain pen for our readers The Testing Fire—one copy postpaid ) BOTH The Crisis (one year) j $1.35 The Testing Fire is a recent nov-el which handles the race problem in a new and fascinating manner. BOTH St. George Fountain Pen The Crisis (one year)... $1.50 The St. George Fountain Pen needs no introduction. Its uniformly satisfactory service, backed by a guarantee from an old established house, assures the very most in pen value. Don't delay. Send to-day. Our supply of these good things is limited. Address TH E CRISIS 26 Vesey Street ------- New York Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER Special Introductory Offer of High-Class Tailored-to-Order $2022 Suits at $12 68 We want fifty thousand new customers. To Sixty help advertise and introduce our fine tailored-to-order 	Handsome clothing, we will let you order at our lowest wholesale prices— 	Novelty and Plain Styles prices that save you one-third to one-half. They are the same prices the store-keepers must pay. In ordering of us during this great introductory offer, you save the retailer's profit entirely. This offer means, to you, the opportunity of ordering America's finest tailored-to-your order clothes at bargain prices such as have never before been heard of by the retail buyer. Instead of paying your tailor $20.00 for your madeto-order Suits, you buy them now at $12.68 and if you want the finest grades, we have them at $17.00 to $24.00 instead of $28.00 to $40.00. We Show You How to Measure Perfectly This is the only made-to-order clothing book that shows you just how a first-class tailor measures—it is the only book that teaches you, in a few minutes, how to measure yourself or anyone as perfectly as any tailor can do it—and this book is issued by the only tailoring house which is big-enough and liberal enough to say to you this: "B y our simple, quick method it is next to impossible for you to make a mistake—but even if you should make a mistake in measuring—we and not you stand the loss. We even pay the express charges both ways. I Would You Accept a Swell Suit Free Just to Advertise? When sending our catalog and the other great offers, we will also tell you about our great Free Suit Offer—making it possible for you to get all your clothing absolutely Free of any cost whatever. This means exactly what it says —all your own clothes for nothing. Now if you want this fine, big Tailor Book, order blanks, instructions, tapeline and everything all free—just send us your name. But write us at once as this offer is good for a limited time only. Take a postal and your pen and simply say: Send Free Sample Book, Wholesale Price List, Special 3uit Offer and the full proof of what your advertisement says. . Address: The Chicago Tailors Association, Dept. 632, Van Buren Street, Chicago Mention TH E CRISIS. Opportunity's Call Real estate is recognized the world over as the rock-ribbed foundation of every fortune, and New York City holds the unchallenged record of being the most fertile field for profit making civilization has ever seen. Waltonia is one of New York's nearest suburbs, beautifully situated amid charming surroundings, high, dry and healthy, and as it is the only one inviting colored residents (of whom there are over 200,000 scattered throughout the city and vicinity), it is undoubtedly destined to become the greatest and most substantial colored colony in America. For the first time in history, therefore, colored citizens of other sections are given a chance to participate in the profits of the world's greatest realty market, and eager purchasers all over the country are answering the call of opportunity by securing magnificent Waltonia lots on easy monthly payments, without interest or taxes. It is a chance of a lifetime, as a small investment now may mean future independence, and every colored man and woman who can spare $5 cash and $5 per month should write to-day to ROSALIND REALTY CO., Inc. Owners and Developers 27 WILLIAM STREET NEW YORK Mention TH E CKISIS. CAPE MAY, N. J. This magnificent hotel, located in the 'heart of the most beautiful seashore resort in the world; replete with every modern improvement, superlative in construction, appointments, service, _ and refined patronage. Orchestra daily. Garage, bath houses, tennis, etc., on premises. Special attention given to ^Ip ladies and children. Send for booklet. E. W. DALE. Owner. OUTHERN RAILWAY Premier Carrier of the South The Nation's Highway of Travel from the North, East and West to the cities of the Southland—Asheville, "The Land of the Sky/' Columbia, Aiken, Augusta, Charleston, Summerville, Savannah, Brunswick, Jacksonville, St. Augustine, Palm Beach, Atlanta, Birmingham, Mobile, New Orleans, Chattanooga, Memphis. The most direct route from New York to Texas, Mexico, Cali fornia, Panama and Cuba. Quickest Time Finest Service Luxurious Traint For literature, rates and complete in formation apply to ALEX S. THWEATT Eastern Passenger Agent 264 Fifth Avenue New York City Cor. 29th Street Telephone 2214 Madison Square Mention TH E CRISIS.