The Crisis The CRISIS H. Curtis Brown June, 1921 FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY Add this new book of inspiration to your library. UNSUNG HEROES by ELIZABETH ROSS HAYNES The lives of seventeen men and women of the Negro race told in a way to inspire the children of our time. Frederick Douglass Coleridge-Taylor Crispus Attucks Paul Laurence Dunbar Benjamin Banneker Alexander Dumas Booker T. Washington Phillis Wheatley Paul Cuffe Harriet Tubman Toussaint L'Overture Alexander Crummell Alexander Pushkin Josiah Henson John M . Langston Blanche K. Bruce Sojourner Truth Dedicated to Fisk University—Illustrated—Price $2.50 Address the Author, ELIZABETH ROSS HAYNES, 1761 T St., N. W. Washington, D. C. or DU BOIS and DILL, Publishers, 2 West 13th St., New York, N. Y. STUDENTS We would like to secure the services of students during the summer vacation to act as agents - taking subscrip tions and selling single copies of The CRISIS and The Brownies' Book Liberal commission is offered Address: A. G. DILL 70 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORK, N. Y. Statement of the Ownership, Management, Circulation, etc., required by the Act of Congress of" August 24. 1912, of the CRISIS, published monthly at 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y., for April 1, 1921. State of New York County of New York sS ' Before me, a Notary Public in and for the State an J county aforesaid, personally appeared Augustus Granville Dill, who, having been duly sworn according to law. deposes and says that he is the Business Manager of the CRISIS and that the following is. to the best of his knowledge and belief, a true statement of tho ownership, management, etc., of the aforesaid publication for the date shown in the above caption, required by the Act of August 24, 1912. embodied in section 443, Postal Laws and Regulations: Publisher: The National Association fur the Advancement of Colored People. 70 Fifth Avenue. New York, N. Y. Editor: W. E. Burghardt DuBois, 70 Fifth Avenue. New York, N. Y. Managing Editor: W. E. Burghardt DuBois. 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, N, Y. Business Manager: Augustus Granville Dill, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y. Owners: The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, a corporation with no stock. Membership XS.000. Moorfield Storey, President. James Weldon Johnson, Secretary. Joel E . Spingarn. Treasurer. Mary White Ovington, Chairman Board of Directors. Known bondholders, mortgagees and other securiN holders owning or holding 1 per cent, or more of total amount of bonds, mortgages or other securities. None. Sworn to and subscribed before me this 31st dav of March, 1921. FRANK M. TURNER, Notary Public Queens Comity No. 754. Certificate filed in New" York County No. 104. New York Register No 2122. (My commission expires March 30, 1922.) THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; JESSIE REDMON FAUSET, LITERARY EDITOR; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER. Vol. 22—No. 2 JUNE, 1921 Whole No. 128 PICTURES Page COVER. Drawing by H. Curtis Brown. THE CHARLESTON COMMITTEE 59 THE PHILLIS WHEATLEY CLUB 63 MEN OF THE MONTH 73 PARLIAMENT HOUSE, HAITI 77 DOLL WIG FACTORY 33 ARTICLES COLORED TEACHERS IN CHARLESTON SCHOOLS 56 ON THE BOOK SHELF. Jessie Fauset 60 NEGROES IN THE KENTUCKY MOUNTAINS. W. K. Bradley o9 THE NEGRO SPEAKS OF RIVERS. A Poem. Langston Hughes 71 DEPARTMENTS OPINION 53 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 65 MEN OF THE MONTH 72 TH E LOOKING GLASS 74 TH E HORIZON 79 THE JULY CRISIS The July CRISIS is our annual education number. We want news and photographs of gradu.-.tes. FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS ; The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANG E OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as .ften as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be gi.en. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the post office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it it young In history, the Institution feels a just pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teacher Training Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Arts and Sciences The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economics The Department of Social Service TERM OPENED SEPTEMBER 21, 1920 For farther information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina STATE OF NEW JERSEY Manual Training &amp; Industrial School FOR COLORED YOUTH BORDENTOWN, N. J. A high institution for the training of colored youth. Excellent equipment, thorough instruction, wholesome surroundings. Academic training for all students. Courses in carpentry, agriculture and trades for boys, including auto repairing. Courses in domestic science and domestic art for girls. A new trades building, thoroughly equipped. New girls' dormitory thoroughly and modern ly equipped. Terms reasonable. Fall term opens September 15, 1921. For information address W. R. VALENTINE, Principal WILBERFORCE UNIVERSITY SUMMER SCHOOL 8th Annual Session. Summer of 1921 June 20 to July 30 The Summer School is accredited and standardized, and teachers' certificates will be issued by the state of Ohio on credits received in the Summer School. For full particulars write Gilbert H . Jones, Director of the Summer School. Dr. John A. Gregg, President of the Institution LINCOLN UNIVERSITY Pioneer in Collegiate and Theological Education Lincoln Men are Leaders in the various professions in Forty States. The College is ranked in Class I. by the American Medical Association. Address: John B. Kendall, D.D., Lincoln University, Chester County, Penna. Cheyney Training School For Teachers Cheyney, Pa. -Made in 1920 an accredited State Normal School, ottering, in addition to the regular Normal Course of two years, professional three year courses in Home Economics and Shop Work. A diploma from any of these courses makes a graduate eligible to teach in the public schools of Pennsylvania. A tbree-year High School Course is offered to all who have completed the eighth grammar grade. Saul application now for fall term opening September20th, 1921. For further particulars and catalog, write LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal, Cheyney, Pa. THERE WILL BE NO SUMMER SCHOOL FOR 1921 Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College. Special emphasis is laid upon the training of teachers. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates have a fine record for successful work. For further information address President Edward T. Ware Atlanta, Ga. KNOXVILLE COLLEGE Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Institution offers full courses In the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School, Domestic Science, Nurse Training and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, natural drainage, splendid dormitories. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Begins September 14, 1921. For catalog and other information address PRESIDENT J. KELLY GIFFEN Knoxvllle, Tenn. 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1921 ATLANTA, GEORGIA Over 100 acres of beautiful campus. Twelve buildings with new $150,000 administration building with modern chapel, gymnasium and laboratories ready for use in September. Strong faculty—Religious atmosphere—Athletics—Co-educational. Admission only by application. RE-ARRANGED COURSES OF STUDY Junior High School—7th and 8th Grades and lit and 2nd Tears' High School Courses, with Certificate. Junior College—3rd and 4th Year High School with Freshman and Sophomore years of College work, with Diploma. College—Four years above High School, or two years above Junior College Course, with degree of A.B. Domestic Science—Commerce—Normal— Pre-medical Course 53rd year of nine months opens September 21, 1921. $150.00 per year pays tuition, board, room and laundry. HARRY ANDREWS KING, President The Florida Agricultural and Mechanical College Offers courses leading to certificates, diplomas and degrees. Nathan B. Young, President Tallahassee, Florida STATE UNIVERSITY, Louisville, Ky. Founded 1878. The only Institution In the State baring for lt» object Collegiate. Ministerial, Medical, and Legal training for Col ored citizens In Kentucky. . Special training In Insurance, Social Service. Nursing and Hospital Work. Normal, Commercial, Music, Domestic Science, Missionary Training class. Evening Classes, correspondence course. Degrees offered. President C . H . Parrish MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent yean for its emphasis on all sides of manly develop ment—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A, athletics, all live features. Fo r information, address JOHN HOPE, President. FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President DIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE, N. C. Biddle University, operated under the auspices of the Northern Presbyterian Church, has four Departments—High School, Arts and Sciences) Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course Is the requirement for entrance u tin first year or the High School. The School of Arts and Sciences offers two courses of study, the Classical and the Scientific, in the scientific, German Is substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class la 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first Is purely English.Greek and Hebrew are taught In the others. All students In the High School Dept. are required to take trades In the Industrial Dept. Far further Information, address President H. L. MeCrerey, Charlotte, N. C. Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, High School, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. For further information address JOHN H. LEWIS, President BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board Mention THE CRISIS 52 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Wiley University Marshall, Texas Recognized as a college of first class by-Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma State Boards of Education. Harvard, Boston University, University of Illinois and University of Chicago represented or. its faculty. One hundred twenty-seven in College Department, session 1919-1920. Several new buildings, steam heated and electric lighted. M. W. DOGAN, President Talladega College Talladega, Alabama Founded in 1867 for the Education of Negro Leaders Beautiful and Healthful Location. Literary, Scientific, Educational, Social Service, Theological, Musical, Business Administration. Journalism, Nurse Training Courses. High Standards of Christian Manhood and Womanhood. For further information address F. A. SUMNER, President "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send forMARY McLEOD BETHUNE, HALE INFIRMARY AND NURSE TRAINING SCHOOL, 325 Lake Street, Montgomery, Ala. Offers to High School graduates and young women of higher education and good moral character, between the ages of 18 and 35, a three years' course in the profession of nursing. For further information apply to the Superintendent enclosing a stamp. DARKWATER OR 20th Century Uncle Tom's Cabin Dr. DuBois' new book is the sensation of the day; selling like "wild fire." It contains a good picture of Dr. DuBois. Price only $2.00. Order today. Satisfaction guaranteed or money refunded. AGENTS WANTED; send 50 cts. for outfit. AUSTIN JENKINS CO. BOOK AND BIBLE PUBLISHERS Catalog Free 523 9th St. N. W., Washington, D. C. Catalog. --Principal. COLEMAN COLLEGE G1BSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman'! Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H. Society of New York. Students from 6 different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President ST. MARY'S An Episcopal boarding schooldirection of the sisters of St. SISTER-IN-CHARGE, 6188Philadelphia, Fa. ST. PAUL'S SCHOOL for girls, under the  Hary. Address: TE E  Germantown Avenue, HOUSE A TRAINING SCHOOL FOR BOYS High Christian Standard Address the Chaplain THE REV. WM. E. HENDRICKS 234 West Penn Street Germantown, Philadelphia, Pa. The Lincoln Hospital and Home TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES in the city of New York offers to young colored women a three years' course of instruction in nursing. Capacity of hospital—420 beds. Post Graduate Course of six months to graduates of accredited schools. For information apply to: Superintendent of Nurses Lincoln Hospital and Home New York, N.Y. Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS Vol. 22. No. 2 JUNE, 1921 Whole No. 128 Opinion of W. E. B. DuBois AN OPEN LETTER FROM cumstances will she allow her ter THE PRESIDENT OF LIBERIA SOM E wrong impressions seem to exist about the present conditions inLiberia. I take this opportunityof making the situation clear to our many American friends.Liberia has been an independent country since 1847 and naturally it has never considered the surrender of its sovereignty to any nation or organization. On the other hand Liberia has always regarded itself as the natural refuge and center for persons of Negro descent the world over. As a country whose greatest development is just beginning we are not, of course, in condition to receive large, miscellaneous nuraers of immigrants. Our present need is especially for strong young men trained as artisans, engineers and merchants who can bring with them some capital for investment. To such immigrants and their families we offer a vast and rich country waiting for the application of hard work and brains and money. It goes without saying that in this development Liberia respects the integrity of the territory of her neighbors in the same way that they must respect hers. Under no cirritory to be made a center of aggression or conspiracy against other sovereign states. She proposes to develop Liberia for Li berians and to live at peace with the rest of the world. THE RISING TRUTH SINCE the founding of TH E CRISIS one of the criticisms against it which has been hardest to bear has been that of deliberately exaggerating the mistreatment of Negroes, suppressing the favorable truth and seeking to foment race trouble. While the Nashville Banner, the Macon Telegraph, the Columbia State, and men like Weatherford, Bolton Smith and Brough have deliberately spread this false impression, we who sit and see and hear the truth know that far from exaggerating we were more often consciously suppressing and concealing the horrors of southern oppression. Month after month we go through the sordid and horrifying details—the letters, the newspapers, the personal visits and appeals—and say in despair: if we publish all this—if we unveil the whole truth, we will defeat our own cause because the public will not believe it, and our own dark readers will shrink from our pages. And 53 54 THE so we have fed the world the atrocities we knew of in carefully regulated doses, often incurring the censure of members of our own race, who knew of particular incidents, for our failure to mention them. But once in a while, thank God, the sickening shame becomes too much even for the shame-haunted digestions of white bourbons. The shrill cry of Governor Dorsey's revelations corroborates every word TH E CRISIS ever wrote, every leaflet the N. A. A. C. P. ever printed: insult, intimidation, stealing, maltreating men and women, illegal arrest and imprisonment, outrageous public officials, almost unbelievable personal cruelty, lynching, torture, murder and deliberate slavery. This is not a CRISIS revelation. It is worse even than the horrible tales we have sometimes published, and it is given to the press by the white governor of a southern state! Take but a few details, each from a different Georgia county: "Negroes have been called from their homes, shots fired, threats made to do them physical injury if they had not left by night." "The Sheriff's letter bears the seal of the Ku Klux Klan." " A Negro was killed without excuse, it is said, by a deputy officer in this county in the latter part of 1920." 'Two of his daughters started to him. A man kicked one girl in the stomach. The other reached her father and began to wipe the blood from his face. The three were quickly overpowered. The third daughter and the son were caught. Al l were locked in jail. The girl who was kicked was ill at the time. The blow made her deathly sick. She lay in jail moaning and begging that something be done for her and her father, who was bleeding badly from his wounds. The Sheriff locked them in and left them without medical attention and ignorant of the charge against them," "The man's smaller children and his wife were in his home while he was in jail. A mob led by the town marshal went to the house, kicked the door and demanded admittance, then shot up the house and went away. This was night. "Next morning the woman and her children fled from her home, never to return." "The education of his children and the success of his thrift seem to be the sole offense of the Negro." " A Negro complained in a peonage case. At the trial in Atlanta be appeared as a witness. Fearing to return to the county be went elsewhere to live. The son of h:s former employer discovered where be was livine. obtained a warrant for his arrest, and brought him back. He disappeared. A boy fishing found a skull in the stream." "No Negroes remain in this county." CRISIS Governor Dorsey, who bravely and openly discloses the truth, is not a member of that professional guild of southern white "Friends of the Negro". Ex-Governor Brough of Arkansas is the type of man who belonged to that spotless tribe and when conditions similar to those in Georgia began to be unearthed there, instead of standing up to his previous professions and pronouncements like a man, he staged riot and murder, brought in United States soldiers and Mississippi slave-drivers to harry and kill the Negroes, advertised in the Press and bulldozed the courts, and was determined to execute twenty-four innocent victims and send dozens more to life imprisonment, becaues they dared to take a stand against human slavery and organized theft. Georgia stands naked and ashamed because one man dared tell the truth; but be not deceived. Georgia is no exception. Conditions in the county districts and villages of Mississippi are far worse than in Georgia. Conditions in certain districts of Alabama, Louisiana, Arkansas and Texas are equally as bad, and Florida and South Carolina follow fast behind. This hell of the black South concealed back of the display and apparent peace of the large towns and cities, is no revelation to nine out of ten Southerners; but a conspiracy of si lence keeps it out of the. newspapers and when TH E CRISIS speaks, its word is discounted as a radical fairy tale. Even the Christian church has helped and enthroned this universal lie. The white Arkansas Methodist says: "For months we have purposed writing in advocacy of giving the Negro a 'square deal,' and have been deterred by a realization that any admission of unfair dealing would be interpreted to admit far more than would be intended and thus encourage unwarranted hopes or presumption." Can you imagine such smug hypocrisy in the face of murder, outrage and slavery, on the part of a paper OPINION which carries in capitals on the same page: "THE HAUGHTY PEOPLE OF THE EARTH DO LANGUISH. THE EARTH ALSO IS DEFILED UNDER THE INHABITANTS THEREOF; BECAUSE THEY HAVE TRANSGRESSED THE LAWS, CHANGED THE ORDINANCE, BROKEN THE EVERLASTING COVENANT. THEREFORE HATH THE CURSE DEVOURED THE EARTH, AND THEY THAT DWELL THEREIN ARE DESOLATE." What can be done to remedy this southern situation—this sore whose filth for fifty years has defiled this nation and made its name a hissing in the ears of the world? First of all, will not this revelation, with its damning proof of truth, drive from its lethargy and drowsy excuses the conscience of this land? Will not Americans at last face their real, their greatest social problem? More than that.will not the white South stand up, throw off its silly provincialism, welcome the aid of every serious soul, north, south, white, black, native, foreign, and marshall the forces of righteousness against the mob and the murderer? Will not the South cease to sneer at and traduce those Negroes who refuse to submit to slavery and outrage, and spew out the dangerous black lickspittles who crawl and deceive ? Governor Dorsey advises certain measures of reform; some of them like education, publicity and change of venue are splendid; others like financial penalties and state police are but palliative; below all these and fundamental is the Right to Vote. So long as the Negro is disfranchised, sheriff, judges and local officials, the mob and the murderer, will spurn their rights. Let us face the truth: Education and the Ballot are the first steps to decency and civilization and the South must and will acknowledge it. NEGRO ART NEGR O art is today plowing a difficult row, chiefly because we shrink at the portrayal of the truth about ourselves. We are so used to seeing the truth distorted to our despite, that whenever we are portrayed on canvas, in story or on the stage, as simply human with human frailties, we rebel. We want everything that is said about us to tell of the best and highest and noblest in us. We insist that our Art and Propaganda be one. This is wrong and in the end it is harmful. We have a right, in our effort to get just treatment, to insist that we produce something of the best in human character and that it is unfair to judge us by our criminals and prostitutes. This is justifiable propaganda. On the other hand we face the Truth of Art. We have criminals and prostitutes, ignorant and debased elements just as all folk have. When the artist paints us he has a right to paint us whole and not ignore everything which is not as perfect as we would wish it to be. The black Shakespeare must portray his black Iagos as well as his white Othellos. We shrink from this. We fear that evil in us will be called racial, while in others it is viewed as individual. We fear that our shortcomings are not merely human but foreshadowings and threatenings of disaster and failure. The more highly trained we become the less can we laugh at Negro comedy—we will have it all tragedy and the triumph of dark Right over pale Villainy. The results are not merely negative —they are positively bad. With a vast wealth of human material about us, our own writers and artists fear to paint the truth lest they criticize their own and be in turn criticized for it. They fail to see the 56 THE Eternal Beauty that shines through all Truth, and try to portray a world of stilted artificial black folk such as never were on land or sea. Thus the white artist looking in on the colored world, if he be wise and discerning, may often see the beauty, tragedy and comedy more truly than we dare. Of course if he be simply a shyster like Tom Dixon, he will see only exaggerated evil, and fail as utterly in the other extreme as we in ours. But if, like Sheldon, he writes a fine true work of art like "The Nigger" ; or like Ridgely Torrence, a beautiful comedy like "The Rider of Dreams"; or like Eugene O'Neill, a splendid tragedy like "The Emperor Jones"—he finds to his own consternation the Negroes and even educated Negroes, shrinking or openly condemning. Sheldon's play has repeatedly been driven from the stage by ill-advised Negroes who objected to its name; Torrence's plays were received by educated blacks with no great enthusiasm ; and only yesterday a protest of colored folk in a western city declared that " 'The Emperor Jones' is the kind of play that should never be staged under any circumstances, regardless of theories, because it portrays the worst traits of the bad element of both races." No more complete misunderstanding of this play or of the aim of Art could well be written, although the editors of the Century and Current Opinion showed almost equal obtuseness. Nonsense. We stand today secure enough in our accomplishment and self-confidence to lend the whole stern human truth about ourselves to the transforming hand and seeing eye of the Artist, white and black, and Sheldon, Torrence and O'Neill are our great benefactors — forerunners of artists who will yet arise in Ethiopia of the Outstretched Arm. CRISIS ENGLISH SLAVERY AFRICANS were promised pro tection and freedom by the Allies. Like all the weaker peoples, they were to share the glories of the new world. They were to feel the effect of the consecration to God of our imperial life, a consecration solemly proclaimed by the Prime Ministers of the Empire in a public manifesto. In August last, Lord Milner, in the name of the Empire, announced to East Africa the joyful fate alloted to it. That fate is Forced Labor. Africans are to labor under compulsion lor the Government; they are to work under official encouragement or pres sure for the white members of the Empire. I do not pause to remark upon the utter callousness of the Government, its broken pledge, or its hypocritical invocation of God's Name; 1 appeal directly to Great Britain and her Dominions to save the Africans from this new form of slavery. This I do for three reasons. First, because it is political madness, at this time of day, to try and subject a weaker people to serfdom or to slav ery. It cannot be done. To attempt it is to lay up for ourselves trouble of the worst kind. Africans are too wide awake, and have too many friends in America, to allow any one to re-enslave them. Secondly, it is moral madness. The Europeans who use these serfs will pay for it in moral deterioration. An d the nation that connives at it will not be far behind them. Thirdly, it is so definitely an anti-Christian policy that no one who adopts is can any longer justify the Gospel of Christ to the African peoples. "Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these M y brethren, ye have done it unto Me." —From a pamphlet by Frank Weston, English Bishop of Zanzibar. OPINION TH E SECOND PAN-AFRICAN CONGRESS IT is expected that at the second Pan-African Congress there will be delegates from the United States, the English and French West Indies, Guiana, Cuba, English and French West Africa, the Congo, Haiti, Liberia, Portuguese Africa, Abyssinia and Egypt. Among the organizations represented will be the A. M. E. and Baptist churches, the Odd Fellows and Masons, the Greek letter fraternities, etc., in the United States; the National Congress of British West Africa, the South Africa Native Congress, the African Political Organization, L'Union Congolaise, and others. In order to attend the Congress it will be necessary to sail from the United States sometime during the third week in August, when it will be easy to secure passage as travel is then light; it will be possible to return the first week in September, but as travel is then very heavy, it would be better to plan for later in the month. Steamship passage will cost from $125 to $400 for each person, each way. Delegates must represent some organization. This is easily arranged especially if the delegate is willing to defray his own expenses. The question of financing the work and expense necessary to the calling of the Congress is now pressing. The N. A. A. C. P. has underwritten this project to the extent of $2,500. We do not want, however, to take this money from the overburdened treasury, but to raise it as a special fund. The following voluntary subscriptions have already been received. Tercentenary fund* $225.00 Bishop John Hurst 100.00 Rev. H . C. Bishop 25.00 John E. Milholland 15.00 $365.00 •Contributed for the Tercentenary which was given up on account of the War. Contributors who object to this use of the money may have their contributions refunded. The CRISIS is seeking 100 persons or clubs who will each donate $25 for Pan-Africa. May we hear from our readers immediately? CRIME IF once, then a thousand times white Southerners fling at us: why do you not denounce Negro crime as well as white lynch ing? Because there is no "Negro" crime. There is crime committed by Negroes and by white men; by Southerners and Northerners; by yellow and red, Englishmen, Frenchmen, Germans and Russians; and against this frightful failure of civilization and religion, of culture, humanity and decency, we continually inveigh. We hate delinquency, cruelty and outrage with perfect hatred; and when it is done by blacks, the hurt and shame go deeper than in any other case, not only because we know that innocent blacks will suffer more than the guilty, but because our ideals for Negroes are high. We welcome and follow with passionate haste any act or law that will prevent crime. But will lynching do it? Only beasts like Tillman say that. Will savage 75 year sentences and loathsome jails and dungeons do it? They haven't. On the other hand, what causes crime — Negro and white? Every school boy knows: poverty, ignorance, ill-health, unjust courts, unintelligent sentences, unspeakable jails. Who can remedy these and prevent crime? Can we blacks secure better wages in labor, can we abolish child labor and protect mothers, can we secure decent schools, can we protect health, elect good judges and officials? We can at least try, and through the N. A. A. C. P. and T H E CRISIS we are trying day in and day out to do this. COLORED TEACHERS IN CHARLESTON SCHOOLS IT is not widely known that up to 1920 the colored public schools of Charleston, South Carolina, were manned by southern white teachers. There was no objection to these teachers simply because of their race. White teachers from New England and the North have done unforgetable pioneer work for the establishment of Negro education and the finest point of contact between the races today are many of the white teachers who still remain in southern colored schools. But the teachers in Charleston schools were not simply white; they were white people who maintained their standing as "southern" whites; that is, they believed in the inevitable inferiority of all Negroes, in the "supremacy" of the white race,, in absence of all social contact between teacher and taught, in discrimination against Negroes and in limited Negro education. Such a situation was intolerable and black Charleston writhed under it for years. However, it was not easy to get rid of the anomaly. In the first place, colored people did not want to put themselves on record as willing to increase discriminatory stat utes on the law books of South Carolina. Again they were afraid that any organized movement against white teachers, and es pecially white women, would bring upon them enmity and retaliation from the white community; despite the fact that the white teachers in colored schools got the same pay as those in white schools, the annual per capita expenditure on enrolled white pupils was $35.70, and on colored $2.55! If now the Board of School Commissioners became offended and colored teachers were forced on them what greater discrepancy might not appear? Finally Negroes were not at all sure for many years that they themselves wanted colored teachers! Their resentment therefore simmered on with many abortive movements for a longtime. In 1910 Charleston had a Negro school population of 5,329, of whom only 65 per cent were reported in school and many of these in private schools. For this population there were up to 1919, three colored public schools with 53 white teachers and principals. Only two colored teachers were employed in the whole system, and these in order to comply with a bequest made by colored troops during the Civil War. In January, 1919, colored Charleston led by the local branch of the N. A. A. C. P., determined that it was time for the white teachers to go at any cost. Their attitude toward the colored children was humiliating to the last degree. Under their tutelage the children were learning to despise themselves and their race and to regard white folks as their natural masters. On January 18, the colored people sent a petition to the Governor, the Superintendent of Education, and the legislature, saying: "We, the citizens of the Negro race and parents of pupils of the aforesaid race in attendance as pupils of the public schools of Charleston, do, through our committee, to wit, Thomas E. Miller, John M. Thompson, William E. Johnson, Edwin A. Harleston and Charles C. Jacobs, most respectfully petition for assistance and relief from the uncalled for, unnecessary, unusual, abnormal conditions that surround and control the management, instruction and teaching of the children of the aforesaid race in the public schools of the city of Charleston. "Fifty-six years after freedom the Negroes of the city of Charleston are denied the right to teach Negro children by Negroes in the free public schools of Charleston; and, "Whereas, We need relief from this un necessary, unusual, abnormal condition; and, "Whereas, We have thousands of educat ed men and women who are prepared and worthy to teach the children of the afore said race in the city of Charleston; and, "Whereas, Under the existing law of the free public schools of the State of South Carolina, it is impossible for teachers of the Negro race to teach children of the Negro race in the free public schools in the city of Charleston; and, "Whereas, Negro teachers do teach child ren in every other city of this state, and in every city in every one of the thirteen old 58 COLORED TEACHERS slave-holding States in the Union: "We, therefore, most humbly petition and pray to each and every one of you in authority to have Section No. 1780 of the Civil Code of 1912 amended so -as to read: That it shall be unlawful for a person of the white race to teach in the free public schools of South Carolina provided and set aside for the children of the Negro race." The chairman of the committee, the Honorable Thomas E. Miller, a colored man who was once a member of Congress from South Carolina, was sent to Columbia to lay this petition before the Legislature. House Bill No. 108 was accordingly introduced by R. A . -Meares. A joint hearing was arranged by the House Committee on Education and the colored committee went up to Columbia. Meantime, however, they had been busy. Sixteen mass meetings had been called in the city and the members of the Charleston Branch had been called upon to make a city wide canvas. They were told to "spread the information broadcast to all parents of col ored pupils that it is necessary for them to go on record as being desirous of having colored teachers in the public schools of this city, and that simply holding that desire and not being willing to signify by their signatures lends no assistance. Warn them against petitions requesting the retention of white teachers." Hundreds helped in the canvass, and over five thousand signatures of heads of families representing three-fourths of the colored population of Charleston, were secured. A typed copy of these cards, certified to by a judge of the city court, was sent to Columbia. I It must, of course, be remembered that in South Carolina with a population (1910) of 835,843 Negroes and 679,161 whites, there is not a single Negro representative in the Legislature. Moreover, the census reported (1910) 357,822 Negroes, 10 years of age and over, who could read and write. The Negroes therefore represented a totally disfranchised group appealing to whites, and their only resource was strategy. That strat- THE CHARLESTON COMMITTEE E. A. HARLESTON REV. C C JACOBS DR. W. H. JOHNSON HON. THOMAS E. MILLER DR. J. M. THOMPSON THE CRISIS egy consisted in skillfully driving a wedge between the up-state poor whites • and the aristocrats of Tidewater. The hearing before the House committee turned into an interesting joint debate. Three members of the Charleston Board of Commissioners were present and' the colored committee with Congressman Miller as spokesman. The chairman of1 the committee on education gave each side thirty minutes. As the debate progressed the small minority who had been favorable to the bill, rapidly and visibly began to change to a large majority. Senator A . R. Young, of Charleston, championed the white teachers. He praised their ability, spoke of their vested rights and said it was an outrage to dismiss these "white ladies" on a petition of Negroes; whereupon an up-state representative suggested that they be pensioned, but Senator Young repudiated such charity. A As a last shot the white Charlestonians said that this colored committee did not really represent the colored folk of Charleston and that they were a set of highbrows and mulattoes trying to do what the real Negro of Charleston did not want done. Thereupon Mr. Miller, bending over with the weight of the satchel, presented the certificates representing some 25,000 of Charleston's 35,000 colored population. This really settled the matter. The Charleston delegation saw that their cause was lost and immediately they proposed a compromise which would enable them to do what the Negroes wished without being compelled by law. This was exactly what the Negroes preferred because they were themselves unwilling to make it legally impossible for white persons to teach in the Negro public schools. On January 31, therefore, Mr. Meares wrote to Senator Young, in part as follows: "I am authorized by Thomas Miller, chairman of delegation of Negro petitioners from the city of Charleston, in the interest of the proposed bill to make unlawful the teaching in the state of Negro pupils by white teachers after the current scholastic year, to say: that he agrees, in their behalf, to deferring action on the bill till the next session on Tuesday following, for the purpose of your effecting an understanding on part of the city board of school trustees, if possible, prior to that date, whereby the bill may be withdrawn with the promise from the board to provide the relief therein specified one year after the current scholastic year." Mr. Young replied February 3, "I think I can arrange the proposition as stated in your letter with the school board here." On the same day the city board of public school commissioners of Charleston voted: "Resolved, That on or before the scholas tic year commencing September 1, 1920, that no white teachers shall be employed in the public schools in the city of Charleston to teach Negro pupils, but that Negro teach ers will be employed to teach the Negro pu pils. A true copy." A. B. RHETT, Superintendent. Thereupon the bill introduced by Mr. Meares was withdrawn from the Committee on Education and tabled, and on September 1, 1920, all the teachers in the col ored schools of Charleston were colored. The total cost of this campaign, not estimating the value of volunteer labor, was $450, and included in this is the cost of two silver candlesticks which the colored people of Charleston gave to Mr. Meares. ON THE BOOKSHELF JESSIE FAUSET The Soul of John Brown. By Stephen Graham. Macmillan Company, New York. Two Colored Women With the A. E. F. By Addie W. Hunton and Kathryn M. Johnson. Find ing a Way Out. By Robert Russa Moton. Doubleday, Page &amp; Co., New York. Africa: Slave or Free? By John H. Harris. E. P. Dutton &amp; Co., New York. The Bantu—Past and Present. By S. M. Molema. W. Green &amp; Son, Limited, Edinburgh. Songs and Tales From the Dark Continent. Natalie Curtis. G. Schirmer, New York and Boston. OLMSTEAD' S famous journey through the Seaboard Slave States has been repeated not only in fact, but in spirit by a young Englishman, Stephen Graham, when ON THE BOOK SHELF 61 came to America last year to see for himself the workings of the race problem. He visited Virginia, Tennessee, Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Louisiana and Mississippi. In Georgia he tramped the actual road from "Atlanta to the Sea", to be able to contrast the modern conditions of ex-slaves with those of sixty years ago. First impressions are lasting because usually they are true. Very often indeed the vividness, even the effect of those impressions may be explained away. But the thing which must needs be explained is still there. Talk as you will, expound, interpret, defend, the fact still remains that America does not accord the rights of life, liberty and justice to her black citizenry. We quote two or three passages: "I felt sorry for the white women of the South; there will some day be a terrible reckoning against them. Their honor and safety are being made the pretext for terri ble brutality and cruelty. Revenge, when it gains its opportunity, will therefore wreak itself upon the white woman most. Because in the name of the white woman they justify burning Negroes at the stake to-day, white women may be burned by black mobs by and by. There is no doubt that almost any in surrection of Negroes could ultimately be put down by force, and that it would be very bad for the Negroes and for their cause, but before it could be put down what might happen? And should it synchronize with revolutionary disturbances among the Whites themselves, or with a foreign war!" "If America does not cast out the devil of class hate from the midst of her she will again be ravished by the Angel of Death as in the Civil War. The established peace ful routine of a country like America is very deceptive. Al l seems so permanent, so un shakable. The new refinement, the new po liteness and well-lined culture, and vast commercial organization and press suggest that no calamity could overtake them. The force that makes for disruption and anarchy is generated silently and secretly. It accu mulates, accumulates, and one day it must discharge itself." To the white American this Englishman's conclusions will come as a shock, but to the colored American, his words are often an echo. By a curious coincidence we read in the current issue of Unity: " 'People of African descent' in this country are either going to be placed on a plane of absolute equality with other peoples, or else there is going to be trouble which will make even the Civil War seem insignificant." MRS. HUNTO N and Miss Johnson have done an important piece of work in giving to the world their experiences with the A. E. F. So far as I know this is the first intimate and authentic account of the life of the colored soldier who fought for his country in France. The book is not only a good narrative but it is educational and contains many a bit of information, many an anecdote which must make the colored ex-soldier consider it as a guide-book to memory. Of course for the stay-at-home it is indispensable. Though clearly not written as propaganda we find in these pages propaganda of the most effective sort. The dispassionate account,—tempered by a sort of marvelling sadness that such things could be—of the needless, foolish humiliations and distinctions which our boys were forced to undergo in France, leaves an indelible impression. If seas of blood cannot wipe out prejudice, what can? Yet the tone of the book is never that of despair. From the standpoint of generat:ons to come, a different arrangement of the pictures might have been wished for, but even as they are, they are valuable. A BOO K like Major Moton's is a source of puzzle to a reviewer. It is honest, sincere and written in simple, readable English. But what is one to say of an autobi ography which offers no high lights beckon ing on, no peaks for the reader to ascend? Some such effect as this is the absolute sine qua non of an autobiography, otherwise why write it? It is different in the case of a biography, its subject has already in spired the writer, hence the volume. There is a rather lightly drawn sketch of life on the plantation in Virginia, and of school- life at Hampton and Tuskegee which might interest the student seeking information on various aspects of Negro life. AN encyclopedia and an indictment are the terms most aptly to be employed in a description of Mr. Harris', "Africa: Slave or Free?" As the first it will soon re TH E CRISIS place the reader's hazy notions of Africa with definite and surprising information. He will learn, for instance, that the African is remarkably energetic, courteous, hospitable; that France possesses the largest amount of African territory, but that Great Britain rules the greatest number of people. He will be able to distinguish between the terms dominion, dependency, crown colony and protectorate. He will find out the extraordinary number of uses to which palm and olive oil may be put, and he will realize that Slavery, inhuman and unspeakable, still exists. The colored reader in particular will learn with interest, "Liberia, as large as Ireland and Wales together and inhabited by 2,000,000 of natives, possesses internal resources of enormous potential value, for the virgin forests abound in mahogany and scented woods, gums, wild rubber and vegetable oils." But it is as an indictment that Mr. Harris' book is outstanding. He arraigns the British, Portuguese, and former German systems of rule. The French do not escape this either but at least French rule is superior to the others in one remarkable feature in that it permits "direct representation from the Colonies and Dependencies in the Senate and Chamber of Deputies. Senegal and Guinea each have a deputy, whilst almost every other political division has a representative or representatives on the Conseil Superior des Colonies. The representative for Senegal is a full-blooded Jollof." There are atrocious instances of misgov ernment, however, with regard to the ex propriation of land and of forced labor. "The supreme issue of life to the African is his land." This is why he will stand the loss of wife, children, cattle, political freedom, but will fight with primitive pike and arrow against mausers and machine guns. " 'Take my land and you take my life,' " he says, "therefore as well lose life by bullet or cannon-shell as by being robbed of land." But the brutal thievery still goes on. Forced labor and its methods of enforcement receive a comprehensive discussion. The indigenous African possessed three things (1) his ability to labor, (2) his land, (3) the wealth of that land. Take from him by expropriation his land and necessarily its virgin riches, and he has nothing left but his labor. But since he is without tangible possession how can he meet the exigencies of—taxation, say—at the hands of the new owners of the land on which he is graciously permitted to remain? Mr. Harris shows how Belgium, for instance, arranged this little problem: "For generations the native had gathered and sold his produce at the market value; that produce was his no longer; all he now had to sell was his labor, and this he was naturally unwilling to do for the purpose of gathering what had now become the property of the white and which but yesterday was his own! The next procedure was inevitable, namely, the further proposition that taxation being equitable, and the native having now no means of paying taxes, should graciously be given the right of defraying his obligation in labor which could be used at the discretion of the white man to gather the natural produce—rubber and ivory—which by administrative enactment had passed from native ownership to the hands of the white man!" Anyone who supposes that the African is proposing to see himself and his kind treated thus forever like dumb, driven cattle has much to learn. Sir Sydney Olivier points out in the preface that already the change is at hand. "Numbers of Africans," he says, "have been disillusioned as to the boasted superiorities of the white man. I do not wish to over-emphasize this factor, but it exists, and it will be a mistake to ignore it. . . . There has grown up during the war, and there is progressively shaping itself, a greater common consciousness and determination among Africans as to the future and the rights of African races." EVE N more important than Mr. Harris' book, though necessarily not so com prehensive—its title shows that—is the study of the Bantu by Mr. Molema. The author is himself a member of the Bantu folk, he was educated in Scotland, he had finished most of his book in 1917, and has utilized the delay in publication caused by the war, by bringing the volume up to date. The work therefore may be considered the last word in authenticity. Chapter one is entitled "a revelation," but indeed the whole book is a revelation "to the average English- speaking person, without any great ac quaintance with South African affairs". Beginning with the information that the word "Bantu" refers to a race stock divided into THE PHYLLIS WHEATLEY CLUB—A NEW COLORED Y. W. C. A., WASHINGTON. D. C. THE CRISIS nationalities possessing a uniform language, rather than, as many people think, a specific tribe, Mr. Molema expounds on the manners and customs, language, moral conduct, religious beliefs and tribal divisions of a people in possession of a clearly marked and well-developed civilization of their own. He then takes up the European invasion, shows the suppression and resurgence of slavery, the work of missionaries, the education of the Bantu, the exploitation of labor, and the relations of black and white in South Africa where he draws a contrast between Briton and Boer. This author shows a remarkable dispassionateness. The reader is strongly impressed therefore when he reads "Slavery with all its sordid passions has been disinterred and revivified and re-established in all but name in South Africa. Morality in South Africa has long since been throttled and buried." And again, "the steady curtailing of their liberties, the systematic disappearance of their lands, the increasing prevalence of such words as 'expediency' in the place of 'right' and 'justice', the deepening and broadening of the gulf of race feeling [all this under British rule]—these are not calculated to awake happy thoughts. . . . They seem to bode nothing but ill." The book is equipped with a thorough and valuable bibliography on Africa, a number of maps show position of race groups, their shifting and replacement, and an appendix containing copies of treaties, articles an i legislative documents. WE have thought of the natives of Africa and the Negroes in America chiefly as a labor supply," writes Natalie Curtis in her introduction to the book which she has compiled with the aid of Kamba Simango and Madikane Qandeyana Cele. These two young men, the first from Portuguese East Africa, the second from Zululand, have done their part toward changing this idea. They have come forward with a group of songs and legends, with descrip tions and examples of wood-carving and tex tile designs which must fix once for all the place of the native African high up in the scale of Art and Literature. Al l the decorations in the book, and even the cover, which is unique and attractive, are reproductions of African textiles which were originally woven and cut from palm-fibre, the native plush. There are also pictures and descriptions of boxes, drinking horns and other implements, fashioned beautifully and intricately from wood, ivory and iron. But the songs, and stories are the important feature; most of us had some concept before of the existence of African utensils, though not to be sure of their loveliness. But these songs with their lovely, elusive touch, their hint of an exotic and delicate imagery are hardly what one expected to find in the dark continent. Mr. Simango sings, "On homeward pinion The bird flies forth." There are folk-tales, folk-dances, stories with an old flavor, of Shulo the Hare and Hamba the Tortoise. There are modern proverbs in an old dress. "Blood is thicker than water", merges into or rather emerges from, "Baboons quarrel while eating. In danger they help one another." Mr. Cele is from South Africa, Mr. Simango from East Africa. It is not likely that the culture (and they give us evidence of a real well-established one) represented by these two, has sprung up sporadically in two portions only of Africa. Miss Kathleen Easmon, of Sierra Leone, tells us that while she was studying jewel-smithing in London she showed specimens of African handiwork to her professors, who repeatedly mistook them for examples of early Greek, Chinese or East Indian art, yet these articles came from the Gold Coast, from Nigeria, the work of native Africans who had barely heard of these countries. Mrs. Casely Hayford, also of Sierra Leone, tells of the courtship of the native of Sierra Leone. "Ma y I pluck this rose?" the suitor asks of the girl's father? "This rose has been sheltered in our garden," the parent replies, "tell me, can you give her equal protection?" Here then are evidences that a very real, backward reaching, finely developed civiliza tion, one that is native and endemic, has been existing over a large part of Africa. Why have we not heard of it before? Much gratitude is due Mrs. Burlin (Natalie Curtis) for assisting these two young men to present to the world the semper quid novi e.x Africa, "something ever new from Africa." New to us that is, but clearly to Africa as old as her eternal mystery. National Association for the Advancement of DETROIT CONFERENCE THE program for the Detroit Conference has practically been completed. Among some of the speakers who have already accepted are Moorfield Storey, National President of the N. A. A. C. P.; Dr. Norman Thomas, Editor of the World Tomorrow; M. Pauleus Sannon, Head of the Haitian Commission to the United States; the Honorable C. D. B. King, President of Liberia; Joel E. Spingarn; James H . Maurer, President of the Pennsylvania State Federation of Labor; Governor Alexander J. Groesbeck of Michigan; Dr. John Haynes Holmes of New York; Miss Nannie Burroughs of Washington and other nationally prominent men and women. The splendid list of speakers given above augmented by others whose acceptances are pending, assures programs of exceptionally high character from the beginning to the end of the conference. Great interest is being shown in the con ference by the branches. Although the con ference will not convene until Sunday, June 26, a number of the branches have already signified their intention to send delegates. It is the hope of the National Office that every branch in the Association will be rep resented at Detroit. Besides the illuminating discussions at the evening mass meetings, the business sessions to be held on the morning and afternoon of each day from Monday through Friday inclusive, promise to be of unusual value. The National Office is happy to announce that convention rates have been secured for the conference. Al l delegates, members, guests and their families will be enabled to take advantage of this rate provided they reach Detroit by Thursday, June 30, when aspecial representative of the Central Passenger Association will be present to validate all certificates. When you purchase your ticket to Detroit, ask the ticket agent to give you a certificate. Do not make the mistake of asking for a receipt, but insist upon receiving a certificate. Promptly upon your arrival in Detroit, you are urged to Colored- People. go to headquarters, which will be located at the Second Baptist Church, on Monroe Street, near Beaubien Street. Upon registering turn over your certificate at the registration desk for validation When that certificate is signed by a representative of the Association and the representative of the railroad, it will entitle the holder to secure his return ticket for one-half the regular rate. Upon going to Detroit, you will pay the regular fare. Saturday, June 25, will be the official date for the arrival of delegates, their assignment to stopping places and the other details which must be disposed of before the conference begins. Plan to reach Detroit during Saturday, June 25. The official sessions of the conference will open Sunday afternoon June 26 at 3 P. M . with a large mass meeting. The subject for the evening mass meetings are: Monday, June 27—"Lynching and Peonage—the Negro and the Law." Tuesday, June 28—"The Negro's Part in America's Industrial Future." Wednesday, June 29—"The Press, The Church and Public Opinion." Thursday, June 30—"Pan-Africa, Haiti, Liberia"—Spingarn Medal Award. Friday, July 1—"Disfranchisement—The Colored Woman Voter." Delegates to the conference are urged to have their reports in writing as a great deal of time can be saved if the facts are in succinct form for easy presentation. Delegates credentials have been sent to all branches and those branches which have not as yet elected their delegates and forwarded delegates credentials to the National Office, are requested to do so immediately. PROPOSED NEGRO LEGISLATION DURING the first fortnight of the 67th Congress, a flood of bills touching up on the Negro problem testified to the value of long years of ag:tation, and to President Harding's reference to the race problem in his message of April 12 to Congress. Of 15 bills introduced, 10 can be classed as 65 THE CRISIS favorable while 5 are unfavorable. Of the latter, three prohibit intermarriage in the District of Columbia between white and colored people, while the other two seek to establish jim-crow street cars in the District. It is needless to state that the N. A. A. C. P. will oppose each of these. Of the 10 bills which can be classed as favorable, there is grave doubt as to the value of some of them. Two of them, for example, one in the Senate and one in the "ouse of Representatives, provide for the creation of a commission on lynching. The position of the National Office is that a commission on lynching is no more needed than a commission on murder or treason, as the question of whether lynching is ever justifiable or not is not a debatable one. One bill provides that the House Committee on Foreign Affairs be empowered to investigate the American occupation of Santo Domingo. The two most important bills provide for a federal anti-lynching law. Both were introduced in the House. One bill provides for the creation of a Negro Industrial Commission and another for the creation of an Inter-racial Commission, in accordance with President Harding's suggestion. It appears that the work of the National Association during the present session of Congress will be considerable. 24TH INFANTRY CASES MOR E than 40,000 names signed to pe titions requesting President Harding to grant pardons to the 56 men of the 24th Infantry now imprisoned in Leavenworth prison for alleged participation in the Houston, Texas, riots of August, 1917, have been received at the National Office. The National Office has also received reports from many other branches stating that these petitions were being signed with eagerness and that they would be forwarded to the National Office as soon as the task is completed. The enthusiastic response to the appeal in this cause indicates that we will secure far more than the 100,000 signatures originally asked. Active work in these cases has been going on for some time. The National Office has retained James A. Cobb of Washington to handle all legal matters connected with the 24th Infantry cases at the National Capital. We have also retained Attorney James H. Guy, of Topeka, Kansas, to handle all legal matters near Leavenworth prison. Mr. Guy will be remembered as one of the lawyers who rendered such efficient service in the Robert L. Hill extradition case. Both Mr. Cobb and Mr. Guy will work in conjunction with the National Legal Committee of the Association at New York. Our efforts will not be slackened until we have done all that is possible to secure the release of these men who have been unjustly imprisoned for nearly four years. ANTI-INTERMARRIAGE BILL IN MICHIGAN SELDO M has efficient organization been demonstrated more effectively than by the Michigan branches of the N. A. A. C. P. in defeating a bill introduced in the State Legislature of Michigan, prohibiting intermarriage between white and colored people. On April 11, the National Office received a letter from Harold A. Lett, President of the Lansing branch, stating that such a bill had been introduced on the 7th. The Lansing branch had immediately sent copies to each branch in the state and appealed to political and fraternal organizations to unite in exerting all pressure possible upon their respective representatives and senators to defeat the bill. The National Office at once communicated with all the Michigan branches urging them to unite in sending a delegation to Lansing to appear at a public hearing on the bill. Publicity was secured through the Michigan newspapers and a number of the branches were urged to hold mass meetings to arouse public sentiment against the measure. The arguments on which opposition to the bill was based, were, first, anti-intermarriage laws are a denial of equal protection to colored women, placing the colored girl at the mercy of any white libertine. Second—antiintermarriage laws would be a public declaration that Negro blood is a physical taint, a theory which no self-respecting colored person can accept. It was also pointed out that the passage of such a law by a legislative body composed wholly of white members implied a fear that laws are needed to prevent white women from marying colored men. A splendid spirit of cooperation and of activity was shown by all of the branches in opposing this bill. On April 13, the National Office received a telegram stating that the bill was killed in committee on the night of the 12th. N. A. A. C. P. G7 WEST VIRGINIA JIM-CROW BILL THE West Virginia branches have functioned quite as efficiently as the Michigan branches in opposing unfavorable, and supporting favorable, legislation in the West Virginia State Legislature. On March 24, the National Office received a telegram from H . H . Jones, President of the Wheeling Branch, stating that a bill had been introduced in the State Legislature of West Virginia providing for separate railroad accommodations for white and colored people, and advising that the bill was 'pending before the Committee on Railroads. He also requested action by the National Office. The National Office immediately got in touch by special delivery letter with the presidents and secretaries of the nine West Virginia branches urging that each branch wire its representative or representatives and state senators, expressing strong opposition to such legislation and that they secure the sending of as many similar messages by individuals as possible. The Wheeling Branch led in the fight against the bill, making personal appeals to members of the legislature and securing their assurance of opposition to the bill; se curing active support of the State Commander of the American Legion in fighting the measure; had local colored churches pass resolutions against the bill; held a monster mass meeting of protest at which resolutions were passed signed by all present and sent to members of the legislature; urged by wire similar action by prominent colored men throughout the state; and secured the aid of prominent white people against the bill. The Mount Hope branch located in Fayette County, from which came the representative who introduced the bill sent, according to a letter dated March 26, more than a thousand individuals to appear against the bill at a hearing of the Railroad Committee. The Charleston, West Virginia Branch was especially active. As a result the Committee on Railroads killed the Bill on April 3. It can not be introduced again as this session of the legislature. ANTI-LYNCHING BILL IN WEST VIRGINIA THROUG H the activities of the two colored members of the West Virginia State Legislature, Messrs. T. Gillis Nutter and H. J. Capehart, an anti-lynching measure for the punishment of lynching mobs and the prevention of lynchings, has been introduced. Mr. Capehart writes under date of Apri l 15, stating that the measure has passed the House of Delegates and the State Senate. He feels reasonably confident that the Bill will become a law, as Governor Cornwell will in all probability sign the measure. The West Virginia law is one of the strongest of its kind any where in the United States and much credit is due Messrs. Nutter and Capehart for securing the enactment of the measure. MINNESOTA ANTI-LYNCHING BILL EARL Y in February, the National Office received a request from William T. Francis, of St. Paul, Minnesota, asking for data to be used in the preparation of an anti-lynching measure to be introduced in the state legislature of Minnesota. The National Office complied immediately. On February 25, House Bill 785 was introduced by Messrs. Christianson, Lewin, Olsen, Norrdlin, Swenson and Gilsason providing for the assessing of damages not exceeding $7,500.00 upon the county in which a lynching occurs, and for the removal by the Governor of any officer who allows a person to be taken from him by a mob and lynched. This bill was passed by the legislature without amendment and on April 19 was also passed by the state senate. Governor Preus stated before the passage of the bill that it would be a pleasure to sign it. Mrs. Nellie Francis, who has been very active in arousing necessary public sentiment sends us the following copy of the bill, which has since become a law: A BILL For an Act to Prevent Lynching; to Fix Indemnity for the Dependents of Any Person Lynched, and to Provide for the Removal from Office of the Sheriff and Deputy Sheriffs Having Charge of any Person Lynched. Be it enacted by the Legislature of the State of Minnesota: Section 1. Lynching is the killing of a human being, by the act or procurement of a mob. Section 2. Whenever any person shall be lynched, the county in which said lynching occurred shall be liable in damages to the dependents of the person lynched in a sum not exceeding seven thousand five hundred dollars to be recovered in a civil action. Section 3. An y Sheriff, Deputy Sheriff or other officer having the custody of any TH E CRISIS person whom it is sought by a mob to take from his custody, who shall fail or neglect to use all lawful means to resist such taking, shall be guilty of malfeasance and shall be removed from office by the Governor in the manner and upon the same procedure as is provided by law for the removal of county officers guilty of malfeasance or non-feasance in the performance of their official duties. Section 4. This act shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage. PRESIDENT HARDING IN the May issue of TH E CRISIS, we told of the conference of James Weldon Johnson with President Harding at the White House on Monday, April 4. Quoting from the article in that issue we stated that "Mr . Johnson urged upon the President that he include in his first message to Congress a definite recommendation for the passage of a federal anti-lynching law." Mr. Johnson further requested: "the appointment of a National Inter-racial Commission to make a thorough and sincere study of race conditions and race relations in the United States with particular reference to the causes of friction." It was a source of great satisfaction when President Harding in his first address to Congress on Tuesday, April 12, adopted the recommendations of the N. A. A. C. P. in the following words: Congress ought to wipe the stain of barbaric lynching from the banners of a free and orderly representative democracy. We face the fact that many millions of our people of African descent are numbered among our population, and that in a number of states they constitute a very large proportion of the total population. It is unnecessary to recount the difficulties incident to this condition, or to emphasize the fact that it is a condition which cannot be removed. There has been suggestion, however, that some of its difficulties might be ameliorated by a humane and enlightened consideration of it, a study of its many aspects, and an effort to formulate, if not a policy, at least a national attitude of mind calculated to bring about the most satisfactory possible adjustment of relations between the races, and of each race to the national life. One proposal is the creation of a commission embracing representatives of both races, to study and report on the entire subject. The proposal has real merit. I am convinced that in mutual tolerance, understanding, charity, recognition of the interdependence of the races, and the maintenance of the rights of citizenship, lies the road to righteous adjustment. . '. This is the strongest pronouncement on the race problem ever made by a President in a message to Congress. It offers hope that the eleven years of effort during which the N. A. A. C. P. has been stinging the conscience of America by bringing to light the conditions affecting the Negro, are about to bear fruit. It also offers hope that during this Administration we will not need to spend all of our efforts in protest and opposition, but that we shall be able to put through some constructive work and measures at the National Capital. PEONAGE THE present nation-wide feeling against peonage and the action of the federal and state authorities is to a large extent the result of long effort by the N. A. A. C. P. The facts in connection with the system of peonage have been gathered covering a period of years, and the interest of the country has been gained by constantly calling attention to the evil. Upon publication in the 'press of the country of the facts connected with the Williams' murder farm, the National Office was anxious to take advantage of the indignation and secure an investigation of peonage for our records proved that this system of debt slavery exists in every southern state. The work which was done at this time was another powerful argument for proving the value of organization. The National Office communicated with 30 large northern branches requesting them to organize at once monster meetings of protest. A t these meetings the branches were urged to pass strong resolutions calling upon the Department of Justice to investigate peon age in all southern states and bring to jus tice the perpetrators of the system. Each member of each audience was urged to send E personal telegram to the same effect. We requested 13 colored members of seven state legislatures to introduce reso lutions calling upon the Department of Justice to institute such an investigation. In each case we received an eager acquiescence. As a result of these efforts, great pres sure was brought to bear on the Department of Justice to take the action desired. In all fairness it must be stated that the Department showed a commendable activity both before and after this pressure had been brought into .play. On Apri l 9, the National Office received official notification that peonage was being investigated in all parts of the United States. NEGROES IN THE KENTUCKY MOUNTAINS By W. K. BKADLEY THE only way to make a nigger be have is to treat him like a dog." So a young Tennessean, from Chattanooga, asserted with much vehemence in my hearing last summer. I might have been more impressed if I had not so recently come from a section of the South where the Negro is not treated like a dog, yet where he behaves in the most exemplary manner. This section is the southeastern corner of Kentucky, in the heart of the Cumberlands. "What, Negroes in the Southern mountains!" I hear some of my readers exclaim. For it has been asserted over and over again by responsible writers, till it has come to be universally believed, that there are not, and never were, any representatives of the black race in that region. It is true that there are not many, and that their area of distribution is not large, being confined almost entirely to a small group of mountain counties in Kentucky, where the institution of slavery flourished to a certain extent, just as it did in the blue-grass; but there are considerable settlements here and there, either in the towns or on the creeks, and these settlements of Negroes who are just as much of the mountains as their white neighbors—who are, indeed, to all intents and purposes, black mountaineers— constitute, to my mind, one of the most interesting and significant social phenomena in the entire country. They are a standing challenge to the statement that whites and blacks cannot live together on terms of mu tual respect and absolute amity. It may be admitted that conditions in the mountains are peculiar and that the dis parity in point of numbers between the black and the white population may have some thing to do with the situation that presents itself there; but such considerations by no means account for everything, and the advo cate of racial intimidation as the only means of establishng a modus vivendi in the South will have to offer some more satisfactory explanation of the apparent anomaly, be fore his arguments become wholly convinc ing. There was a time when it might have been possible to blame this toleration of the Negro as a friend and neighbor upon the hybrid and degenerate character of the mountain white man himself; but now that the latter has at last come into his own and does not lack champions of his primitive virtues and native Americanism, it is no longer possible to adopt this line of argument without, to say the least, a certain appearance of inconsistency. No, either the mountaineer is a thorough social and racial degenerate (in which case our espousal of his cause is indefensible as pure lying sentimentalism), or else some of his virtue extends to this attitude of toleration also, and represents a finer type of social sentiment than exists elsewhere in the South itself at the present day. Personally, I am inclined to think that it is just simple common sense and common human feeling, uncorrupted by political venom, that accounts for the attitude towards the Negro in the mountains. The mountaineer, who reads little but thinks much, and who likes to get to the bottom of every question with the aid of the only book commonly at his command, the Bible, has reflected upon this question of equality and inequality also, and finds nothing in it. "I've heerd folks say that a nigger hain't got no soul," an old woman once said to me. "Now, I hain't never found nothing in the Bible like that. Besides, if niggers haven't got souls, then how about them that's half white and half black? I reckon a man can't have half a soul, can he?" It is, indeed, in the religious life of the mountains that this tacit acceptance of equality among all men, as spiritual beings, finds its most striking and characteristic expression. Until quite recently whites and blacks worshipped together at the Old Carr Church, on Carr's Fork, in Knott County; and although the Negroes have now built for themselves, with the assistance of their white neighbors, a church of their own, on Breeding's Creek, a branch of Carr, where the majority of them live, the white set£lers attend services there as regularly as at their own church, while the black preachers still come to the Old Carr meetings to preach and to take part in the foot-washings. Only 69 TH E CRISIS last summer I saw the venerable pastor of this church, the most famous old Regular Baptist in the mountains, kneel down and wash the feet of one of the two black preachers who were in attendance, and who took their turn in the exhortation with some half dozen of their white brothers. A t least two thousand men and women attended this great meeting—it was the annual sacrament meeting of the church—and in all this concourse, which represented fully one-fifth of the entire population of the county— though the attendance was by no means limited to the citizens of this county alone— there was not one who seemed to think that there was anything remarkable in this proceeding, or who sought to apologize for it to me, a stranger. This settlement of Negroes on the waters of Carr's Fork is, perhaps, the largest, with the exception of that in Clay County, in and around Manchester, the county seat. Like the latter, they are all descendants of slaves held in that region, one of the best corn belts in the mountains. There were three slave-holding families on Carr, and the black citizens bear their names to this day, so that, in order to avoid confusion, it is often necessary to prefix the Christian name of the Negro with the word "black." In a country, however, where every man enjoys some such characteristic designation, this carries with it not the slightest touch of opprobrium or condescension—is merely a convenient descriptive epithet. Indeed the white citizens have the highest regard for their black neighbors, and I was told more than once that they were the best in the county—were almost never represented in the county jail. More than once, when riding with a white man, we have stopped to talk with a Negro on horseback; and, staying at a house in the country, I have seen a colored preacher, starting out on a long journey, stop for breakfast and afterwards sit on the porch talking with our host. I have more than once, myself, been invited by a Negro to come and have a meal at his house, and no one who heard the invitation, evidently, regarded it as anything unusual. The Negroes are seldom seen at Hindman, almost their only appearance being when court is in session, and they have some legal business to transact there. They form no part of the idle throng that drifts into town on such occasions, hanging about and swapping horses. I have heard it said that no Negro would be allowed to settle at Hind-man, but I doubt very much if any steps would be taken to prevent him if he actually tried to do so. Not only at Manchester, but at Hazard, there have always been Negroes living at the county seat. When I visited the latter place four years ago, the best doctor there was a Negro, and one night, when a deputy town marshal was shot and killed, he and a white doctor worked together over the dying man without the slightest trace of anything like racial prejudice or animosity. Today Hazard is full of Negroes, but they are no longer of the native race. The newly opened coal mines, which have transformed this region since the railroad entered it several years ago, have brought in great quantities of outside labor, including many Southern blacks. Brought up in sections where "niggers" are treated like dogs to make them "behave," these are by no means as desirable citizens, in all instances, as their mountain brothers; but the chief blame for the conditions prevailing in certain of the new towns and transformed county seats is to be placed upon the managers of these new industrial enterprises, who make little or no effort to care for their employees, or to preserve law and order. A s one manager frankly said, the coal companies have no interest in the region. Al l they want is to take the coal and timber, and then get out again as fast as they can. If a murder is committed and the victim is not a man of importance, little attempt is made to discover or punish the criminal. So far as I know no attempt has been made to disfranchise the Negro in the mountains, even in a Democratic county, like Knott. A t the polling-place on Irishman, at the mouth of Flaxpatch, where they cast their votes, they make a striking note in a very picturesque gathering. The entire population, male and female, gathers at the polling-place, which is situated in a bit of flat bottom-land, beside the creek. Two long benches are arranged alongside the booth for the old women, with their gay kerchiefs, who come with their baskets of apples and gingerbread and sacks of nuts— white women on one bench, black on the other. Gingerbread, made with honey and sorghum molasses, is a traditional accompaniment of mountain elections. I was told that the only man in Knott County, in the old days, who sold his vote, gave it in ex THE NEGRO SPEAKS change for a brown slab and a drink of cider. Though there is separation among the blacks and whites in the mountains to a certain extent, there is nothing like real segregation; yet very little miscegenation results from the ordinary promiscuity of race relations. Certain mountain families are reputed to have a trace of Negro blood, but while I have heard of an occasional case of illicit intercourse between blacks and whites, such seems to be exceedingly rare today. I have spoken of the Negroes in the mountains as being, to all intents and purposes, black mountaineers. In all their ways of living, dressing and conducting themselves, they are indistinguishable from their white neighbors and friends. Their speech is the mountain speech, also, rather than the Negro dialect familiar in other parts of the South. Above all, their bearing is equally free from obsequious servility or effrontery. I never saw a pleasanter spectacle than the dancing at the mouth of Horse Creek, near Manchester, on the Fourth of July. A platform had been erected there, and all day "sets" were run, first white, then black, while a mixed crowd of whites and Negroes stood around and watched and drank lemonade supplied by a colored family. I talked with many of the Negroes, just as I did with the white people, and it was difficult to realize that they were of a race generally regarded as "inferior." That they were such had never seemed to occur to them. A t the same time, there was none of that self-conscious effort to establish recognition of their equality one sometimes notices in Negroes. No, these mountain Negroes were just "people," like any others, calling for no especial comment except on the score of their color. Of course some change is to be noted in the attitude of the white population to the Negroes today. The mountains themselves are changing, and this aspect of primitive life much pass away in the course of time, with all the rest. The mountaineers are "beginning to learn, from the outside world, which is coming so much closer, that it is not "good form" to associate with Negroes on terms of such neighborliness and even intimacy. Already the Baptist Church is being criticised locally for its laxness in this respect, and doubtless certain reforms will take place in the near future. Some day perhaps it will be impossible to spend the night at a farm house on Carr's Fork and see a small black boy, working on the farm, roll into bed with the white boys of the family. Berea College was forced, by legislative enactment, sustained by a decision of the Supreme Court of the United States, to terminate its experiment of racial coeducation, and this was the entering wedge to bring Kentucky, as a whole, back into the "solid South" on the Negro question. There are those who will feel that the state lost a great and singular opportunity to become the centre for the spreading of a more enlightened sentiment and policy through the country at large, and who will regret the passing, in the mountains themselves, of an attitude almost idyllic in its naturalness and simplicity. THE NEGRO SPEAKS OF RIVERS LANGSTON HUGHES I'VE known rivers: I've known rivers ancient as the world and older than the flow of human blood in human veins. My soul has grown deep like the rivers. I bathed in the Euphrates when dawns were young. I built my hut near the Congo and it lulled me to sleep. I looked upon the Nile and raised the pyramids above it. I heard the singing of the Mississippi when Abe Lincoln went down to New Orleans, and I've seen its muddy bosom turn all golden in the sunset. I've known rivers; Ancient, dusky rivers. My soul has grown deep like the rivers. Men of the Month. SAAD ZAGHLUL PASHA has just had triumphant entry into Egypt. He is the head of the delegation which is asking independence for Egypt. When he tried to go to the Peace Conference he was interned by the British Government but finally released. Working with the Milner Committee he afterward helped draft a new basis of understanding between England and Egypt which involved the acknowledgment of Egyptian independence. This treaty England has not yet accepted. Meantime Zaghlul has returned to Egypt and been received by the natives with unprecedented enthusiasm. He is a fellah, educated in the great university of E l Azhar, and embodies the new spirit of Egyptian nationalism. THE new principal of the Myrtilla Miner School, of Washington, is Eugene A . Clark. Mr. Clark was born in Washington, in July, 1883. He was graduated from the M Street High School, Phillips Exeter Academy and Williams College. Afterwards he took a course at the Miner Normal School and became in 1909 teacher in the public schools in Washington. In 1914 he became a teacher in the Miner Normal School and this year was appointed its principal to succeed the widely known Miss Lucy Moton, who resigned after many years service. The fellow teachers who petitioned for his appointment said that the "crowning factor" in Mr. Clark's fitness was his "strong character which has won the admiration, the respect and co-operation of both the faculty and student body". WHE N Walthall M . Moore was elected to the House of Representatives of the State of Missouri a number of Missourians were threatened with apoplexy. Many sought technical grounds for excluding him but he took his seat quietly amid unusual congratulations and floral tributes, and im mediately went to work. One of the first laws for which he is responsible is that ap propriating $500,000 to make the colored Lincoln Institute a state university. Besides this $339,000 was given for running ex penses and $35,000 for a farm experiment station, making a total of $850,000, all for the higher education of the Negroes. The new Lincoln University will be ruled by a board consisting of four Negroes and four white men over whom the Superintendent of Education will preside. In addition to this an inspector of Negro schools is provided for, and county schools for Negroes and whites will receive the same appropriations. Mr. Moore's election and success is due largely to the preliminary work of the Citizens Liberty League organized in December, 1919. MISS KATHLEEN P. HOWARD was born in 1899 in Birmingham, Alabama, and educated in the Episcopal Academy. She afterwards studied music at Fisk University and recently was appointed Supervisor of Music in the Birmingham colored schools. She has already accomplished much in the way of cooperation between the schools and the community. THERE are two ways of serving the colored people in the United States. One is direct work among them as teacher, social worker, or professional man. The other is to serve the general community in such a way as to prove that the accident of blood or descent has nothing to do with one's value as a citizen and a man. Of the two the latter role is the more difficult to play because race prejudice hinders recognition and because there is always the more or less veiled feeling on the part of colored folk that this gifted son is trying to "get away from the Race." Dr. Charles Edward Bent-ley, of Chicago, has succeeded not only in making himself one of the foremost professional men in America regardless of color, but also in accomplishing the just as difficult task of making his colored fellow citizens recognize that what he has done has served them even more than it has served the world. Dr. Bentley is one of the leading dentists in Chicago and one of the best known throughout the United States. He has long had among his patrons some of the most distinguished, and discriminating citizens of Chicago. He has been a leader in organizing the profession and in pioneer work in its newer fields. He has made num (Concluded on page 87) 72 EUGENE A. CLARK DR. CHARLES E. BENTLEY KATHLEEN P. HOWARD SAAD ZAGHLUL PASHA HON. WALTHALL M. MOORE 73 The Looking Glass LITERATURE I SA W some maidens coming from the Southland, Whose water-jars were filled with pain of lovers. They came unto the lake and poured the pain out; Then came to me the Troubler, came and trembled. O Troubler, drive me northward, to the upper country, To seek a maid of single heart and faithful— For the heart of these is false and double! —Translation of Zulu verse recorded from the sayings of Madikane Cele. Lillie Buffum Chace Wyman (Mrs. John Wyman) has issued a pamphlet entitled "Angelina W. Grimke's Drama of Rachel and The Lynching Evil," in which she says: Miss Grimke's drama of Rachel is a beautiful and poetic creation. She has produced this effect by a literary instinct which is fine and mainly cultivated. Its native vigor carries the reader past an occasional crudity, which it would seem to be hypercritical to notice. The sweep of passion in the drama is elemental. She has connected the story of a girl with the most woeful of earthly tragedies, namely the crime of a great nation against one of its component parts. The feelings expressed in the drama, though elemental, are uttered in the terms of modernity. The structure of the drama is modern, and yet there is something in the figure and movement of Rachel herself which reminds the present writer of Antigone. * * * Helen E. Hagan, tells in the April Music and Poetry, of her personal contact with the great French composer Claude Debussy. * * * We have received Dr. George E. Haynes second valuable study on Negro labor, The Negro at Work During the World War and During Reconstruction; and J. R. Paul Brock's Work of the Colored School. * * * E. C. Williams, Librarian of Howard University writes us: We have just received the cumulative volume of the Book Review Digest, published by the H. W. Wilson Company, and in leafing it over I noted extracts from reviews of Darkwater in the following publications: Athenaeum (London), Booklist (A. L. A.) ; Bookman. Boston Transcript, Independent, Literary Digest, Nation, New Republic, New York Times, Outlook, Socialist Review, Snectator (London), Survey, London Times Literary Supplment, World Tomorrow. The Digest gives the book almost a full page (two columns), or as much as it gives to Wells' Outline of History. A page is about the maximum allowed for one book, and aside from Mrs. Wharton's latest, Wells book was the only other work I noted in my hasty examination which was allowed so much. COMMENTS ON THE COLOR LINE THER E is no color line in Rio Janeiro. Louis Seibold writes in the New Orleans (La.) Times-Picayune of the good will existing there among the races. Through this narrow busy thoroughfare (the Rua Ouvridor) where the women of Rio come to buy jewels, clothes, perfume and other features of their toilet, and where the men come to discuss the market conditions, buy lottery tickets, speculate in shipping, sugar, coffee, diamonds and other products of the country—as "also to "look 'em over" (meaning the women), there is a constant stream of people such as you would not see anywhere else in the world. While few of them are wholly black or even dark of complexion, not many of them are actually of the Caucasion white type. The Rua Ouvridor therefor provides the fascinating vantage point from which to study the results of the experiment which has been developing in Brazil for many years—that of blending the races. It is here in this famous old marketplace of Rio that one obtains in tabloid form a very fair view of the extent to which the fusing of races has been carried in the largest country as to territory in the Western Hemisphere. There is no color line, no manifestations of the prejudices in casual intercourse that one finds in the North American cities, particularly those south of the Potomac. The white, the mulatto, the quadroon, the coffee-colored, the copper-hued all mingle on a fraternal basis and appear to be completely reconciled in any actual differences of a social character which may exist. They quarter, breakfast, dine and sup with each other just as if all were of the same color, and appear to be surprised if a visitor sees anything unusual about it. The blacks, who appear to constitute about one-tenth of the population, ma;nly keep to themselves, yet some of the most successful business men and political leaders of Rio, as also represenatives of the various states in the government service, are black or almost so. 74 THE LOOKING GLASS 75 There are no "jim-crow" seats in the movies which line the Avenida Rio Branco to mark any distinction in the races, nor are there any "jim-crow" sections in the tram cars operated by electricity and mule power. The all-white, the near-white and the near-dark eat in the same restaurants, partake of the same food and imbibe the same beverages. They do not know what prohibition is in Brazil. In the Avenue Rio Branco, which was made at a cost of $5,000,000 by razing two city blocks for a mile, the motor cars that dash by reflect as interesting a study in color as in character. Few of the occupants that either drive or are driven in them are wholly white. The avenue itself is bisected by a line of tropical trees, is paved with asphalt, and the sidewalks are of mosaic, in which the Portuguese fancy for ornament is carried out. * * * They manage these things better in Jamaica, too, it appears. So notorious has the United States' treatment of the Negro be come, that Duncan C. Milner expresses his hope in the Chicago (111.) Post, that no new addition from the Islands will be made un der existing circumstances to the black pos sessions of this country. It is reported that the foreign office of the British Empire has made the announcement that there is no prospect of canceling their debt to the United States by turning over their possessions in the West Indies. As a loyal American, and rejoicing in the prosperity and progress of my country, I cannot but hope that such an exchange will not take place until our government can guarantee that the residents of these islands shall at least enjoy as many rights and privileges under the Stars and Stripes as they now enjoy under the Union Jack. In several of these islands Negroes form a large part of the population. They have been enjoying life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness on the same basis as their white fellow citizens. They have equal opportunities as to education, suffrage and the holding of office, and in the courts. They are not hampered as to business life. They are prominent in medicine and in law. A visitor in Jamaica asked a British official "how do you deal with Negroes who mistreat your white women?" The answer was, "we do not have any more trouble of that kind with the black than with the white races." This official also said "as long as Americans treat the Negro like a beast, they may expect him to act like one." Until our republic can stop the horrible lynchings and burnings, the injustice as to labor and wages, the giving of Negro children three months' school in poor buildings with inferior teachers, and unequal opportunities in citizenship and in the courts it should not add to its colored population. THE BROWNIES' BOOK ' I ''HE magazine for colored children, The Brownies' Book, published by W. E. B. Du Bois and A. G. Dill, fills a great need in Negro life. This is the opinion especially of the New York Survey which says: With every doll a specimen of the Nordic type, every picture book and magazine illustration of child life representative of the white race, it is difficult for colored children to grow up by way of that imaginative world which Andersen and Stevenson and Maeterlinck and all the story tellers and artists since the days of Gutenberg have made the common country of childhood. Not only this, but with a literature to which Negroes at best are amusing pickaninnies or faithful servitors, it is difficult for the colored child to gain the sense of human dignity without which the efforts made in recent years to increase and improve his educational opportunities must be largely wasted. For adult Negroes there are excellent newspapers and periodicals, but, so far, very little fiction and imaginative literature has been written from a Negro standpoint. The Brownies' Book is intended to help foster a proper racial self-respect. * * * Mary Lee adds in the New York Evening Post: The Brownies' Book is a book of Negro fairies and kings and queens and children. They are not the ridiculous "pickaninny" types which have become a joke in literature. They are as pretty and as real as real fairies and real children should be, yet they are dark because they are made by dark people, and for dark children and grown-ups. The Brownies' Book comes every month to thousands of dark children, bringing them pleasure, poetry, facts, food for thought, all without any of the things that are hard to bear for colored children living among a race of neighbors who are white. When one reads the bound volume of last year's editions of The Brownies' Book, one marvels at this ability of the young Negro. There seems to be a peculiar genius among the race to write and to draw pictures for children. There is in this magazine something of the pleasant spirit of the South, with its warm skies and its leisure to tell a tale, and one feels, as one reads it, that Uncle Remus had a hand in the editing. The old friends are there, Br'er Rabbit and Br'er Possum and Br'er Fox. But this time they are lit, not only with the enthusiasm of Uncle Remus's personality, his kindred spirit for animals, but they are drawn in pictures for the children animated by that same spirit. There are lightness and imaginative quality about the illustrations of Frances Grant, Hilda R. Wilkinson, and Marcellus Hawkins. Br'er Rabbit has limitless energy about his long hind legs, a contagious twinkle about his eye, a jaunty TH E CRISIS nonchalance about his floppy ears. Br'er Possum has a surprising, fluffy blackness that adds immeasurably to the individuality of his character. There are action, belief, excitement about these pictures—a sort of a pagan joyousness and freshness that talk to the hearts of children. * * * The Br'er Rabbit and Br'er Possum sketches are the really inspired work of Laura Wheeler. Miss Lee continues: There are older stories, too, folk tales that come from San Domingo, Africa, the West Indies, imaginary characters that exist in nearly the same form wherever Negroes are, which are told over again for the children of the race. And there are poems by James Weldon Johnson, Miss Jessie Redmon Fauset, who is the literary editor, and Miss Mary Effie Lee. Here, too, there is something about the character of the race which gives the elders a special aptitude in their writing for children. Perhaps there are more of them than there are of white people who understand. Here is one, for instance, entitled "M y Clothes": Oh, yes, I watch nurse lay them there, M y cap and apron, on the chair, But when she goes and takes the light My clothes turn witches in the night. Then there are deeper matters, too. There are biographies of Negroes who have done great things and become famous, such as Toussaint L'Ouverture and Alexandre Dumas, and of Negroes who have done great things and not become famous, such as Harriet Tubman and Crispus Attucks. There are articles about Hampton, Tuskegee, and other activities of present day col ored people. There are pictures of children who have accomplished things, and there are drawings and poems by child contribu tors—drawings and poems full of imagina tion and of promise. Perhaps the most enlightening depart ment is a double page called "As the Crow- Flies," in which current events of the past month are summarized in simple, clear lan guage so that children can understand them. This column by itself would justify Mr. Dill's characterization of it, that "it is a book for children and grown-ups too." Yet withal, the spirit of the thing is true to its dedication, written by Miss Fauset: To children, who with eager look Scanned vainly library shelf and nook, For History or Song or Story That told of colored people's glory — We dedicate The Brownies' Book. THE MISSING HEADLINE IF a man commits a crime in America and happens also to be a Negro, the newspa pers are black with headlines emphasizing that fact. But let him do a deed of kindness, of heroism, nothing can exceed the meagre ness of the attention given to his color. The Drifter speaks of this in the Nation: When Jim Cross flung open the door of the store room in search of the missing drug clerk he found him with clothes afire writhing in agony on the floor of the burning room. In another moment the clerk jumped head foremost through the closed window five floors above the street. Jim caught him as he hung for a moment by his feet and held him by one of them. Then, when he had with his cap beaten down the flames in the clerk's clothes—his own clothes were beginning to burn by this time—Jim pulled the half-crazed man back and, then, getting out on a narrow ledge, pulled and dragged him along this slight pathway to another window, into which in the sight of hundreds he thrust the half-conscious man before he began to put out the fire in his own clothes. Several minutes later Jim emerged from the building bearing the clerk on his shoulder—only to collapse and fall as he came out on the sidewalk—amid the cheers of the crowd. Al l of this happened in New York the other week in the Winter Garden Theater building; the hero was a Negro porter; the clerk, who has since died from his burns, a white man the Negro hardly knew. Did the newspapers which printed the account make their headlines read: NEGRO HERO SAVES WHITE MAN ? No, indeed, they were the same newspapers which love to feature a colored man's crime like this: "Negro Brute Assails Woman." In this case they modestly referred to him as a "colored porter"; one editorial, speculating on the motives that led Jim to risk his life for a comparative stranger, obscurely referred to him as one whose ancestors "came from the Congo." His last name was not printed. Thus, the Drifter finds it always goes with the Negro. His good deeds are, if not interred with his bones, usually carefully overlooked or minimized. Yet there are many Negro Jims, as the records of the Carnegie Hero Fund amply testify. G. B. S. THE N. A . A . C. P. sent George Bernard Shaw facsimiles of accounts from American newspapers telling of the burning at the stake of Henry Lowry, at Nodena, Arkansas, January 26, 1921. On March 16, the N. A. A. C. P. received from Mr. Shaw a letter in which after speaking of lynching as "one of the organized pleasures of America," he said: "Hardly any American seems to understand that in a civilized country it is murder to kill any person except by process of law. It seems to be assumed that whoever disapproves of the conduct of a Negro is entitled to constitute himself judge, jury, and executioner, and burn the Negro after inviting the countryside to come to the burn TH E LOOKING GLASS 77 ing as if it were a hunting meet. As the countryside appears to come, and to enjoy itself, Europe concludes that the Apache is produced by climate, not by race". GEORGIA SAYS "LET THERE BE LIGHT!" THE Georgia press has not attempted to * condone the offense of the murderer Williams whose crimes against his helpless peons have recently been discovered. The Atlanta Journal says: Eleven men were foully and cruelly murdered as the climax to peonage practices almost incredible in this age and land. The fact that they were helpless Negro laborers if their Commonwealth is to go forward in prosperity and honor. That individual or group that is against law and order and justice is an enemy to the State, an enemy to the people, and should be so dealt with. * * * The Atlanta Constitution takes an even more severe tone with regard to a recent lynching in a Georgia county. M . Ashby Jones writes: Three thousand human beings stood around and watched one human being slowly burned to ashes, and not one effort was made to save him. No! not even one protest was uttered. But ere the glowing embers had faded into blackness, there was a ghoulish THE PARLIAMENT HOUSE, HAITI Closed and Chained by American Marines. does not in any wise alter the case, save to deepen the pity of it and make darker the guilt of whosoever conceived and planned the cowardly slaughter. Let us say to the world, not in words only but in deeds of unswerving justice that this sort of thing is abhorrent to Georgia, that no form and no degree of peonage shall be tolerated, and that no man, woman or child,-however lowly in origin or station, shall be denied a square deal. . This is what true Georgians, like true Americans, believe in, and it is what they must stand for at all times and in all places scramble for the unburnt pieces of the body. Souvenirs! As if mortal memory could ever efface that picture. This expression of human nature flaunting itself in the very shadow of the oldest state university in America, is so supremely abnormal in its revolting details as to raise the question whether there is not some deadly disease eating at the heart of our civilization to produce such a symptom. True the newspapers bring us too often the stories of inhuman crimes, but we comfort ourselves with the fact that they are the freakish acts of individual degenerates. But here in one TH E CRISIS little corner of our state, not densely populated, three thousand people participated in a crime which for callous cruelty can only be matched by the stories of Indian massacres. But this is not all the story. Before the crowd could burn this man they had to make war on their own government. The accused was in the sacred custody of the state of Georgia, and in order to take him these men had to destroy for the time being the only power which protects the person, property and rights of the citizens of this commonwealth. When we remember that in a democracy like our the state has only the power given to it by the consent of the governed, every citizen who refuses his con sent to be thus gov erned strikes a dead ly blow at our de mocracy. Fellow citizens, freedom and anar chy cannot dwell to gether. Prosperity and happiness can not abide where the humblest man can not confidently ap peal to the courts for protection. Civilization cannot live under lynch law. THE DELUGE THREATENS DR. GEORGE L. CADY, secre tary of the American Missionary Association, to America what she may expect at the hands of the people whom she so persist ently mistreats. The experiences of Dr. Cady would certainly lead the thinking in points out 'SOUTHERN SYNCOPATION" IN LONDON ple in the East are dividual to believe that he must know whereof he speaks. Part of his speech follows from the Boston Transcript: Take the case of the black man. After fifty years of education there is being produced today in the South a respectable percentage of black men and women who are thinking for themselves, who have become intensely conscious of their wrongs, and are demanding their rights. The feeling of discontent and revolt among them is such as you and I in the name of democracy must respect. How long do you think that class of people, 10,000,000 or 12,000,000 of them, running newspapers, operating banks and owning property, are going to take the insults that are heaped upon them? We are facing a revolt of these people and of a race handicapped as no other race has ever been. You know how they are handicapped in industry, discriminated against by the labor unions and paid an unfair wage for a fair day's labor. In the case of a "nigger" the rule is followed that a man is guilty until he is proved to be innocent, and we are yet waiting to see that a white man may be convicted on the testimony of a Negro. The jim crow car may be irritating, but a jim crow democracy is a lie. About 300,000 of these men went to Europe as soldiers, yet the colored race owes less to the American flag than any other race, and they have never betrayed it. They are already in revolt against the conception that edu cation for the Negro is that which pre pares them to be hewers of wood and drawers of water for the superior race— the conception of the Negro's desti ny which insists that he is to be a servant wearing a white coat and must forever be listening to the call of the white man, "Here, boy," and "Here, George." * * * The present atti tude of the white world toward the yellow also consti tutes a menace: How long do you believe those 500, 000,000 yellow peo —The Bystander. going to stand, hat in hand bowing and scraping before the Anglo-Saxon as he heaps upon them his vituperations, his discriminations and his insults? China is bound some day to awaken, and when she does she will shake the world. The Japanese are practically the equals of any other class of men with whom they come into contact, yet because they save and work, want to get on, build their homes and have their families, they are called a menace to Anglo-Saxon superiority. ****** The time is past when you can maintain the world's peace by insulting discriminations against the yellow men of Asia. Henceforth it is to be brotherhood or war, and when that war comes there will be dead whites as well as dead yellow men on the field of battle. The Horizon COMPILED BY MADELINE G ALLISON . MUSIC AND ART WILL MARION COOK, the composer, has returned from abroad and is or ganizing a new company to play in England. C At the Town Hall, New York City, a concert has been given for the Washington Conservatory of Music. Kamba Simango, of Portuguese Africa; Miss Kathleen Easmon, of Sierra Leone, and the Hampton Quartette were among those who took part. C The sculptor, George J. Barnard, whose statue of Lincoln caused so much discussion, is to put Charles S. Gilpin, the actor, in a group which he is planning. 0 The Mu-So-Lit Club of Washington with 200 members has just moved into a new $25,000 home on R Street. (I Noble Johnson, the colored screen actor, appears as Conquest in "The Four Horsemen of the Apocolypse", the picturization of the well known novel. C The Clef Club of New York City has purchased two houses in West 53d Street as a home. The body is 11 years old and has 280 musicians and entertainers. It was founded by the late James Europe. (I A sextette of six voices from three colored protestant churches of French Lick and West Baden, Indiana, sang in the white Catholic Church of West Baden on Good Friday. (I Mrs. E. A. Hackley, with a community chorus of 60 has given a folk song festival at Monrovia, California. The singing was pronounced "one of the finest things ever heard." C Miss Marion Anderson has appeared at Carnegie Music Hall, Duquesne, Pa., and in the Chamber of Commerce, Columbus, Ohio. C. Negro music has been played in concerts at Cooper Union, The Town Hall and Aeolian Hall, New York City. Richard Hale sang a group of Negro spirituals, and Burleigh songs were sung by the Schumann Club. (I John Powell had seven recalls at a con cert by the New York Symphony Orchestra when he played his "Negro Rhapsody." 0 Roland W. Hayes, now in London, sang before the King and Queen of England at Buckingham Palace, Apri l 23. d The G Clef Club has been organized in Dallas, Texas, by Lincolnia Haynes Morgan, Supervisor of Music in the public schools. The objects of the club are to as sist worthy music students and to raise the music standard of the community. C James Allen Mundy has established an opera school in Chicago. "Martha" will be presented in May. Mary E. Jones and Lillian Hawkins Jones will be the soprano and contralto soloists. SOCIAL PROGRESS AFTE R an investigation of alleged dis crimination against colored people in the Harlem Hospital, New York City, David Hirshfield announced that as Negroes formed 46 per cent of the patients they should have representation on the board of management. (I A colored social organization of Springfield, Mass., has installed a soda fountain beginning with a capital of $500. J. J. Carter is president. C Richard Anderson, who, for 45 years has been in the employ of the District of Columbia Government, has been honorably discharged and placed on the retired list. For nearly 50 years Anderson has driven the Police Court van. C Mrs. Elizabeth Milbank Anderson, who recently died in Greenwich, Conn., has left a foundation with $10,000,000, called the Milbank Memorial Fund. Mrs. Anderson has been interested in the affairs of China and of Belgium and in Negro schools in the United States. C National Negro Health Week, beginning Apri l 3, was widely observed throughout the United States. 79 THE CRISIS C James Cross, Negro porter of the Winter Garden Drug Store, New York City, at the risk of his own life, tried to save William Matthews, a white clerk, from burning. He carried him along the ledge of the building to an adjoining window. Matthews finally died of his wounds in the City Hospital. C For the first time in history a colored man, in the person of Dr. W. G. Alexander, occupied the chair of the Speaker in the New Jersey House of Assembly. C A committee of the Board of Aldermen has recommended to the Army Board a new armory for the 15th Infantry of New York City, to be located on Seventh Avenue between 147th and 148th Streets. It will be a two-story concrete building and may have public baths. C New colored theatres are planned in Dayton, and Cincinnati, Ohio. (I The Wabash Avenue Department, which is the colored Y . M . C. A . of Chicago, reported for 1920 a total attendance at the building of 123,269 persons; 78,450 restaurant meals were served; there was a total dormitory attendance of 54,017; 1,251 applications for employment were received and 928 positions filled. The total income of the Branch was $61,018, of which $7,662 came from membership fees; $30,307 from the restaurant, and $8,222 from subscriptions. The executive secretary is George R. Arthur. C In the Southeastern Intercollegiate Athletic Association the results have been as follows: Atlanta University has defeated Clark, Morehouse twice, Tuskegee and Knoxville. Morehouse has defeated Clark and Knoxville. Morris Brown has defeate 1 Atlanta University and Tuskegee. Tuskegee has defeated Morris Brown. G The endowment bureau of the G. U . O. of Odd Fellows of Louisiana collected $35, 599 for the three months ending January 31, 1921. It paid out $19,725 in claims. It has a total balance on hand of $97,071. C The Public Athletic League of Maryland held its annual games for colored pub lic school children. 4,000 pupils and 10,000 spectators were present in the seven different county meetings. C In the Gold Coast Council, native chiefs and leaders selected by the British have at tacked the West African National Congress. As a result the colonial office has refused to consider the petition of the Congress on the ground that the Congress is not repre sentative. C The National Race Congress held a reconstruction session in Washington. This is its sixth annual meeting. POLITICS A COMMITTEE on elections of the Massachusetts House of Representatives have refused to seat Matthew W. Bullock and Andrew J. Lattimore, the colored contestants for seats. C The Asbury Equal Rights bill to prevent discrimination against Negroes in places of public accommodation passed the lower House of the Pennsylvania Legislature by a vote of 139 to 47. It was, however, defeated in the Senate when a committee, by a large vote, refused to report it to the body, and the body refused to take it up against the committee's recommendation. C The State of North Carolina appropriated $400,000 for building Negro schoolhouses during the next two years, together with $105,000 for maintenance and $15,000 for teacher training. C The North Carolina General Assembly at its recent session provided for a Division of Negro Education with a director to give close supervision to the Negro schools of the state. G The Division of Negro Economics, United States Department of Labor, has been abolished. Phil H. Brown, a colored man of Kentucky, has been appointed Commissioner of Conciliation in the Department. d E . T. Nottage, a colored man, has been elected Alderman in the Sixth Ward of Palatka, Florida. This makes two colored men on the Board. G The State Constitutional Convention of Louisiana, 23 years ago, refused to hear any Negroes. The Constitutional Convention now in session at Baton Rouge have just received a Negro delegation with Bishop Robert E . Jones as chairman. They asked for a suffrage plank without discrimination against Negroes and protested against the present total disfranchisement of 700,000 colored men. C The Legislature of Oklahoma has appropriated $104,500 for Langston University; $59,337 for the Negro orphanage at Taft; $17,070 for the Negro Boy's Training School at McAllister; $55,000 for the Negro Tu THE HORIZON bercular Sanitarium at Boley; and $9,000 for the Negro Girl's School at Taft. The Legislature also amended the law so as to deal less unfairly with the separate schools and voted an emergency fund for the relief of those schools which were about to close. Unfortunately the fair election law failed in passage which leaves large numbers of Negroes liable to disfranchisement by action of the administrative officers. C A jury of Negro women has tried a case in Indianapolis where a colored man was suing two white persons. A verdict was read in favor of the defendants in 12 minutes. C. The Legislature of Tennessee has appropriated $50,000 for a home for delinquent Negro girls. (I William Monroe Trotter has addressed the Legislature of the State of Nebraska. C Sylvester Reed, a prominent Negro farmer of Meridian, Oklahoma, on recount of the ballots, has been found to be elected County Commissioner of Logan County. The original returns gave the seat to a white Democrat by a majority of 2 votes. (I The President of Liberia has made a state visit upon President Harding at the White House, and President Harding has formally returned the call at the Liberian Legation, R Street, Washington. President Wilson did not call upon President King. THE GHETTO AT the Imperial conference of the British Empire the British West Indies will not be represented unless the dominions consent, which seems unlikely. (I Attempts are being made in the South to punish lynchers. 15 white men were indicted at Houston, Virginia; 9 at Camilla, Georgia, and 11 at Birmingham, Alabama. No convictions have been obtained yet. G Rev. F. N . Fitzpatrick was ordered out of the Carnegie Library of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. He refused to leave and was escorted out by 5 policemen. No charges were filed but he was threatened with arrest if he returned. He returned but was unmolested. C Tony Williams, a colored man at Rodessa, Louisiana, held a mob at bay until he had used up his ammunition and then killed himself. His body was scarred from mistreatment and his crime was trying to leave a farm while he was in debt. C It is reported from Lulu, Mississippi, that a colored teacher, Henry Holmes, has been driven away by the whites because he expelled a 17 year old girl, Hattie Morris. The girl was the mistress of the son of a white planter. C The Supreme Court of the District of Columbia has upheld the $500 damages each given to William Waller and Fred Brooks, colored men who were "Jim Crowed" on the electric railroad between Baltimore and Washington. C Orval Craig, a colored man has been given a verdict of $1,000 and costs against Charles Fife, a white man, for alienation of his wife's affections at Hutchinson, Kansas. C When Percy Mangham, a colored man, was declared not guilty of murder in the Superior Court of Savannah, Georgia, his colored friends were so astonished that they burst into cheers; the judge ordered over one hundred of them arrested for contempt. C When a jury at Frederick, Md., acquitted Charles H . Dorsey, a colored man, of criminal assault upon a white woman, members of her family attacked him in the court room. (I The World Tomorrow, a magazine edited by Norman Thomas, has been published at 118 East 28th Street, New York. The owners of the building asked it to sign a lease which forbade the employment of any Negro in the building. The magazine, which employs a competent colored stenographer, refused to sign such a lease and is moving to 108 Lexington Avenue. C There have been the following lynchings since our last record: Langford, Miss., April 4, Sandy Thompson; murder. Rankin County, Miss., April 9, Rachel Moore; mother-in-law of Sandy Thompson. Lauderdale, Miss., April 15, George Marshall ; threatening white men. Pearl River County, Miss., April 25, unknown Negro; assaulting a woman. Picayune, Miss., April 26, unknown Negro; assaulting a woman. Bowling Green, Mo., April 29, Roy Hammonds; attempted assault on a white girl. EDUCATION A COLORED woman will probably be ap pointed to the Wilmington, Delaware School Board which in the future will consist of seven members. Mrs. Dunbar-Nelson is mentioned for the place. 82 	THE G During the week of May 9 to 15 the Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity held a series of country-wide meetings on "Go to High School; Go to College." C At the 64th meeting of the John F. Slater Fund in December, 1919, a total income during the preceding year of $98,742 was reported. A t the April, 1920, meeting, appropriations were made as follows: $22,000 to county training schools; $10,000 to Hampton and Tuskegee; $11,400 to private colored schools; $18,200 to colored colleges. G In the 107 county training schools helped by the Slater Fund there are 624 teachers and 29,275 pupils, of which 1,649 are in high school grades. These classes receive $390,223 from public tax funds, $53,394 from the Slater Fund and $36,014 from the General Education Board. G The State University of Florida has opened its correspondence courses to Negroes. G In joint debates Atlanta University and Virginia Union University have beaten Howard while Howard has beaten Lincoln. C Dr. E. B. Evans, the veterinarian of Prairie View State College, has been elected to the Phi Kappa Phi Fraternity, an honorary society of the State College of Iowa. He ranked second in his class, having an average of 93.7 per cent during 4 years work. O Movement for a new gymnasium for Storer College, West Virginia, has been started and $2,736 already subscribed. G The annual Founder's Day exercises were held at Tuskegee in April. Dr. Ashby Jones, a white preacher of Atlanta, delivered the annual address. A new dormitory for girls and 5 new trades buildings were dedicated. C The A . M . A . League has been formed under Secretary H. H. Dunn to unite into one organization the graduates of all schools founded by the American Missionary Association. G The 50th anniversary celebration of the Dunbar High School of Washington, D. C , formerly known as the M Street High School, has been held. The celebration covered three days and among the speakers were Roscoe Conkling Bruce, Dr. Abrams Simons, Honorable S. D. Fess, Professor Kelly Miller, Dr. Frank W. Ballou and Mrs. Coralie Franklin Cook. Numbers of the graduates spoke, and an operetta and recital were given. There was an exhibition of painting and sculpture by colored art students during the celebration. CRISIS C We have received the following letters. We await a reply from Miss Des Mukes. 19 Greenwich Park, Boston, Mass. April 2, 1921. Dr. W. E. B . DuBois, Editor of the CRISIS, New York, N. Y. Dear Sir: Will you kindly insert in your educational column an announcement of the fact that Miss Joberta Des Mukes, (Delta Sigma Theta), a graduate of Howard University, class 1919, has been studying Literature in the Harvard Radcliffe Graduate School and has been admitted to the Phi Beta Kappa Society—an honor seldom granted a colored student. I am a constant reader of The CRISIS and while I have never sent records to your Educational Column I think the above announce ment of	 the recent honor bestowed upon me may serve as encouragement to the other thousands of colored college women the coun try over. I am to	 receive my Master's Degree in June and hope to dedicate myself to my race. Respectfully yours, Home Address JOBERTA DESMUKES, 507 Tea	 St., N . W., Washington, D. C. Radcliffe College Cambridge, Massachusetts May 11, 1921. The Editor of the CRISIS: Dear Sir: — I note in your May issue, on page 30, the statement that Miss Joberta DesMukes has been admitted to the Phi Beta Kappa Society at the Harvard and Radcliffe gradu ate school. Miss Des Mukes attended courses at Radcliffe College this year for only three months. She left us in January, without having taken any examinations to give her p. record for work at Radcliffe. You will see by this statement that it is entirely impossible that she should have been admitted to the Phi Beta Kappa Society. Will you please see that this mistake is rectified in your next issue? Sincerely	 yours, CHRISTINA H. BADER, Acting Dean. NATIONAL URBAN LEAGUE WILLIAM A. LEE, JR., Executive Secretary of the Urban League of Cambridge, has been made a member of the Cambridge Council of Boy Scouts and is thereby securing official recognition for the colored boys of Cambridge, Mass. G At the request of the Missouri State Commissioner of Labor, George W. Bucker, Executive Secretary of the St. Louis Urban League, recently directed a preliminary em ployment survey of the St. Louis Industrial District; the State Department of Labor subsequently based its work with Negro labor on	 his report. THE HORIZON COLORED GIRLS IN A DOLL WIG FACTORY, BOSTON C Miss Anna Holbrook, placed by the Urban League with the Children's Ai d Society at Buffalo, is developing the League's program in connection with the activities of an interracial committee with which she is working. This committee has secured quarters for the Big Brother Association of unemployed men. The city appropriated $1,500 to relieve the immediate needs of unemployed colored persons. C The School of Economics at Pittsburgh University has offered to remit tuition for two students selected by the League, provided the League establishes at the School two social service fellowships of $500 each. The Pittsburgh Urban League will supply one of these and the National organization the other. This increases the Urban League fellowships available for 1921-1922 to seven. G A t this writing the Chicago Urban League has secured $6,000 in its drive for $10,000 from colored people, towards its 1921 budget of $30,000. d Despite the current industrial depression, A. L. Manly, of the Philadelphia Armstrong Association (affiliated with the League), during March, secured contracts aggregating $20,000 for Negro contractors. INDUSTRY NEGRO laborers in the freight station of the Atlantic Coastline Railway, Tampa, Fla., to the number of 60, have struck against a wage reduction of 22 per cent. They say that they cannot live and support families on $16.30 a week. C The Modern Savings and Trust Company has been opened by colored men in Pittsburgh with a capital of $125,000. J. L. Phillips is president. (T Contracts are being made for the construction of a colored tuberculosis sanitarium in Carroll County, Maryland. The state has appropriated $160,000 for the work. (I The Association of Trade and Commerce of New York City, organized by colored business men, has bought a home on Seventh Avenue. John E. Nail is president, d Much demonstration work is being done by the state of Alabama among Negroes. At Gallion, Alabama, 15 colored boys have bank accounts aggregating $648, and 22 girls have accounts amounting to $363. d The United States Department of Agriculture has issued a moving picture in two reels under the title "Helping Negroes to THE 84 Become Better Farmers". The leading char acter is Rube Collins, a colored farmer. C The Adelphi Building Loan and Savings Company has opened offices in Columbus, Ohio. C The Young Men's Progressive Association of Danville, Virginia, has opened a bakery, ice cream factory and confectionery store. C The reports of the census of 1920 are gradually showing that the South has lost about 500,000 Negroes in the last 4 years. Alabama alone has lost about one-third of its working population. New York has 153,088 Negroes, an increase of 66 9-10 percent during the decade, and is the largest colored city in the Western world. The only cities to compare with it are Cairo and Alexandria in Egypt, and Johannesburg in South Africa. Negroes in St. Louis increased 58.3 percent; Cincinnati, 50.9 percent; Dayton,	 86.5 percent; Boston, 20.6 percent. G It is reported that Negro National Banks have received charters in Chicago and in the colored town of Boley, Oklahoma. THE CHURCH THE Board of Foreign Missions of the M. E. Church has bought 8,000 acres of farm land in Portuguese West Africa for a demonstration farm and trade school. This brings the total acreage owned by the Methodists in Africa up to 25,000 acres at nine different points. C St. Jude's Episcopal Church, 19 West 99th Street, has been opened. It cost $150,000. The Rev. F. Howard is rector. The new building is granite, 5 stories high with a chapel, guild meeting rooms, kitchen and parlor. On the third floor will be a gymnasium and baths. On the fourth floor there is a day nursery with outdoor balconies, and on the top floor, living rooms for the minister. The basement is to have a vocational training school. G A t St. Luke's Episcopal Church, New Haven, Conn., the Easter offering amounted to $2,400. G The Fifth Ecumenical Conference will be held in London, September 6-16 and will consist of 550 Methodist delegates. The M . E. Church will have 160 delegates, the M . E. Church, South, 80; the A. M. E. Church, 22; the A. M. E. Zion, 18, the C. M. E., 10. CRev. Charles A. Tindley, of the East Calvary M. E. Church, Philadelphia, has celebrathed his 20th anniversary of his pastor CRISIS age. Eight hundred persons were present and gifts of nearly $600 were made. C Bishop J. H. Jones has published a report cf the rally for Wilberforce University which was held last year. The net receipts were $51,999. Pledges to the amount of $29,000 additional have not yet been collected From the money collected the debt of Wilberforce University amounting to $29,000 was paid and the debt of Payne Theological Seminary amounting to $3,000 was paid. $14,000 was set aside for building funds. G The C. M . E . St. Paul Church of Chicago has in the last three years paid all but $1,000 of a debt of $27,500. PERSONAL MRS. ELIZABETH CRAIG, a colored woman, has bought two seven-story elevator apartment houses on Fifth Avenue at 129th Street. The price is said to be $300,000. C The Mayor of Philadelphia has appointed Dr. R. R. Wright as chief investigator in the new constructive Social Service Bureau. The salary is $1,400 a year. Dr. Wright will continue his work as editor of the Christian Recorder. G George Quinn, an 8-year-old white boy was drowned in North River, New York, after an unidentified Negro had jumped into the river and with desperate efforts brought the body to land. The child could not be revived. C Mr. Byrd Prillerman, formerly president of Institute, West Virginia, is now superintendent of the work among Negroes for the West Virginia Sunday School Association. G King G. Ganaway, a Chicago butler, has won first prize over 900 competitors at the John Wanamaker Exhibition, Philadelphia. His photograph was "The Spirit of Transportation." Another picture of his received honorable mention. C Edward H. Wright, a colored lawyer employed by the city of Chicago, received $30,612 in fees for his work last year. C Dr. W. S. Grant, a colored man, has been made an interne at the county hospital of Chicago, the largest institution of its kind in America. He stood second among 200 applicants. Dr. Grant is a graduate of Fisk and Northwestern. (Continued on page 87) THE CRISIS ADVERTISER NATIONAL CAPITAL CODE OF ETIQUETTE Combined with SHORT STORIES FOR COLORED PEOPLE ETIQUETTE PART i A Book absolutely in a class by itself. Interesting, instructive, handsomely illustrated. Wonderful pictures of Washington's prominent colored Society leaders on the street; at the Theatre; at Church; in the Home; at Receptions, Balls. Parties, Weddings, Dinners, etc. The illustrations are so perfect and natural that the well-bred, correctly clothed men and women almost speak to you. Learn how to dress and conduct yourself on any and all occasions; correct dress for men and women; suggestions in colors and materials for the ladies; hints as to footwear, hats, appropriate combinations, etc., for both sexes. What to serve your guests at breakfast, lunch or dinner. How to converse intelligently; how to know when to talk and when to remain silent: how to make friends and gain popularity. A book that will help the most prominent member of society or the most humble. STORIES PART 2 A wonderful collection of Short Sto ries for Young and Old. Stories that will hold your attention from start to finish. By the most famous colored writer of Short Stories in America. Stories of Adventure Stories of Pluck Stories of Bravery Stories of Success Stories of Sohool Days Stories of Great Men Stories for Father, Mother or the Children. Funny Stories; Stories that will bring the tears to your eyes; Stories once started must be finished before laying aside the book. Handsomely illustrated—pictures that seem to live throughout the story. Illustrating Table Manners A Book you will want Must have in your home Agents Wanted A most excellent Gift We are looking for 1ooo hustlers, men Over fifty pages of pleasing pictures taken and women. Our offer will pay you posifrom best photographs. A BIG BOOK, tively $4 to $9 per day. One agent made containing over 400 pages. The people $21 the first day. Such an opporare much pleased with this new publicatunity comes but once in a lifetime. tion and are sending thousands of orders AGENTS' SAMPLE showing specimen to us. Order today. We send by insured pages and the pictures and covers of book, parcel post; return your money if not will be mailed to you for 25 cents. It perfectly satisfied. Price ONL Y $2.50 represents exactly the complete book. cloth; $3.50 half morocco like picture. Write today. Send 25 cents for agents' outfit to-day. No. 523 9th STREET, AUSTIN JENKINS CO. WASHINGTON, D. C. Publishers of the Life and Works of Dunbar, Booker T. Washington, Kelly Miller and Du Bois. Send for Catalog of 160 books. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Kelly Miller's Authentic History of Negro in World War A NEW AND UP-TO-DATE WAR HISTORY JUST OFF THE PRESS 200 pictures 700 pages Price, cloth . . $2.50 Morocco $3.50 Sent by Insured parcel post. The Only War History That Will Fully Satisfy The American On the firing line in France 	Colored People This Book appeals to the Colored People. They are eager to buy it. Why? Because it is the only War Book published that thrillingly, graphically, yet faithfully describes the wonderful part the Colored Soldier has taken in the Worl d Wa r and is absolutely fair to the Negro. It relates to the world how 300,000 Negroes crossed the North Atlantic, braving the terrors of the Submarine Peril, to battle for Democracy against the Bloodthirsty hordes of a war mad Lord of the House of Hohenzollern. More than fifty pages of the Book devoted to the ACHIEVEMENTS OF THE NEGRO IN THE AMERICAN NAVY— Guardin g the Trans-Atlantic Route to France—Battling the Submarine Peril—The Best Sailors in any Navy in the World—Making a Navy in Three Months from Negro Stevedores and Laborers —Wonderful Accomplishments of Our Negro Yoemen and Yoewomen. AGENTS WANTED Millions of these books will be sold. BIG MONE Y Is being made by our sales people 30,000 sold in one month. Our offer will pay you from $3 to $9 per day. One agent made $317 last month. AGENT' S SAMPL E showing specimen pages and all the pictures and covers of book will be mailed to you tor 28 cents (stamps) to pay postage. It represents exactly the complete book. Send 28 cents for outfit TODAY. Size 6:'i x 8'2 in ones. 700 Pages. AUSTIN JENKINS CO. Yon should read this book, It will (BOOK AND BIBLE PUBLISHERS) make a valuable addition to your Send for Catalog of 160 books library; tend for it today. No. 683 9th Street Washington, D. C. Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER C Maggie Ross, a white woman of North Carolina, left an estate worth $100,000 to Mr. and Mrs. Robert Ross and their daughter, who are colored. Efforts to break the will in the courts have so far failed. C Marion Gaines, a colored Creek Indian has won title to 85 acres of land in the heart of the new oil fields of Love County, Oklahoma, and has claims to another 50 acre piece. One lease on the land has been sold for $600,000. C A . T. Price, the leading colored undertaker of Richmond, Virginia, is dead. A telegram announcing this fact was sent to John Mitchell, Jr., editor of the Richmond Planet, who was at Washington, D. C. The telegram got mixed and when Mr. Mitchell arrived at Richmond he found that he had been reported dead and his casket was awaiting him. d Colonel James H . Young, a widely known colored man in North Carolina, who was Colonel of the Third North Carolina Regiment in the Spanish-American war, is dead. (I Samuel Davis, of Aflex, Kentucky, died July 12, 1920, in an attempt to rescue a young girl from drowning. A bronze medal and pension have been given to his widow by the Carnegie Hero Fund Commission. G J. H. C. Butler, principal of the West Broad colored school of Savannah is dead. White officials and principals in a memorial testified to his "solid worth and valuable service." These items are culled from letters and clippings Every effort is made to insure their accuracy, but mistakes sometimes occur. We are glad to correct essential errors. (Concluded from page 72) bers of scientific contributions at various meetings, has been chairman of important committees and a teacher in dental schools. During all this work which has raised him high in his profession he has kept in touch with movements in the colored world, being a former member of Niagara Movement and now a Director of the N. A. A. C. P. Recently in Chicago his colored fellow citizens came together and as a testimonial to his life work arranged for him one of the most successful and striking banquets that has been held in colored America. Dr. Bentley was born in Cincinnati and is married to Florence Lewis Bentley, who was known in the literary world of Philadelphia before she went to Chicago. HOTEL DALE CAPE MAY, N. J. Comfort and Elegance Without Extravagance This Magnificent Hotel, Located in the Heart of the Most Beautiful Seashore Resort in the World, is replete with every modern improvement, superlative in construction, appointments, service and refined patronage. Orchestra daily, garage, bath houses, tennis, etc., on premises. Special attention given to ladies and children. Send for booklet. Sanitarium added with Dr. C. A. Lewis of the University of Penn. in attendance. Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 20 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY " ATLANTA, GA. HOMES I am in a position to sell you a beautiful home in CORONA, L. I. Attractive one and two family homes in the most delightful section of New York City. All city improvements, best of schools and very convenient to any section of New York City forcents. Or will build to suit the demands of any one. Full information cheerfully given L. S REED 46 East Jackson Ave. CORONA, N. Y. CITY Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Educate Your Girl at Hampton Institute Agricultural School The National Training HAMPTON, VIRGINIA School for Opportunity Knocks at the Door of the Man Who Knows Women and Girls and Can Do Lincoln Heights, Washington, D. C. If you wish to prepare yourself to fill a responsible position of wide Among the best schools for women and usefulness as a girls in the United States. The School that develops CHARAC County or farm-demonstration agent TER and PERSONALITY. We fill Teacher of vocational agriculture our students with a burning desire to Rural-school principal go out into the world and make not only a LIVING but a LIFE. Hampton now offers in Agriculture COURSES A COLLEGIATE COURSE 6th, 7th and 8th Grades, Normal Preparatory and Normal, Music, Business, Domestic Based on Four-Year Secondary Course Science and Arts With Work in Well-Equipped Classrooms, Social Service Beauty Culture Physical Culture Shops, and Laboratories; With Summer Field Practice; With All-Round Training Ideal Location High Grade Teachers Under High-Grade Instructors. Thorough Training James E . Gregg, Principal, SEND FOB CATALOG Warren K. Blodgett, Director Nannie H . Burroughs, President STORAGE BATTERY REPAIRING has been added to the Course in AUT O MECHANICS At The Prairie View State Normal &amp; Industrial College which has turned out more ENGINE REPAIRMEN, TRACTOR OPERATORS, CHAUFFEURS, MECHANICS &amp; AUTO ELECTRICIANS and VULCANIZERS than any other Automobile School for Negroes ADDRESS : Division of Mechanic Arts, Prairie View, Tex. COSMOPOLITAN SCHOOL of CHIROPRACTIC Formerly NEW YORK SCHOOL OF CHIROPRACTIC NEW YORK, N. Y. A recognized institution for Chiropractic (KI-RO-PRAK-TIK) training offering a strictly residential course leading to degree of D. C. (Doctor of Chiropractic). Chiropractic, the world's foremost drugless healing science, la daily Increasing In popularity because of the astounding results obtained In almost every human ailment. An unsurpassed opportunity Is offered young men and women of character and ability. The school Is well located and well equipped. The faculty Is made up of men well known and recognized In the profession as capable practitioners and teachers. WRITE FOR PROSPECTUS DR. J. FREEMAN OTTO GERTRUDE MILLER-FAIDE Registrar Secretary 240 W. 138th STREET, NEW YORK, N. Y. Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 89 JUNE 27th SUMMER SESSION ENROLL NOW! DERRICK BUSINESS SCHOOL Derrick Bldg. - 1514 PINE STREE T PHILADELPHIA, PA. SHORTHAND, TYPEWRITING, BOOKKEEPING, OFFICE PRACTICE, FILING Dormitories -$2.50 per week SAVE TIME AND MONEY	 BOYD'S 30-DAY SYSTEM M. J . Derrick, Principal and Manager THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 4 YEARS' COURSE IN BUSINESS REDUCED TO 11 MONTHS—Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, Commercial Law, Multigraphing, Building and Loan, Real Estate. COMMON SCHOOL SUBJECTS—Spelling, Reading, Writing, Etymology, Grammer, Arithmetic, Physiology, General History, U . S. History, Geographv of the U . S. THEOLOGY—This subject will be taught by Rev. C A. Tindley, D.D. Six teachers picked from our own graduates will render efficient service in the classes starting June 1st. Write or call to see EDWARD T. DUNCAN, President 1227 S. 17th ST., PHILADELPHIA, PA. MANASSAS INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL Founded 1899 Incorporated 1904 MANASSAS, VIRGINIA OPPORTUNITY Beautiful location, 191 acres, fourteen buildings. Di rect railroad connections. The only school of its kind In historic Northern Helpfulness Our Object Efficiency Our Aim Virginia. State standard Four-Year High School Course. Advanced Grade School. Business and Trade BEREAN MANUAL TRAINING AND Courses. High moral standards. Prepares boys and girls to INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL become useful men and women; terms reasonable. For Information address 1926-30 S. COLLEGE AVE., Philadelphia, Pa. EDWARD D. HOWE, Principal Principally a Trade School Fall Term Opening Tuesday, October 4, 1921 Day and Night Classes VIRGINIA UNION UNIVERSITY Introduction Day Commercial Course (RICHMOND, VA.) offers young men an excellent opportunity to secure a VISITORS WELCOME WRITE NOW KtKxl College or Theological education at moderate cost. MATTHEW ANDERSON, Special Pre-Medical courses are offered for those Principal and Founder who plan to enter a medical college. Information cheerfully furnished. Write to the President. SOCIETY PRINTING STUDENTS! PUBLIC SPEAKERS! 	Best qualities and most fashionable styles. Our line includes Calling Cards, Business Cards, Literary Criticism and Revision for Writers and Speakers. 	Mourning Cards, Wedding and Party Invita We also assist in the writing of material for Special Articles, tions, Sympathy Acknowledgment Cards, MonoManuscripts, Theses, Sermons, Essays, Orations and One Act gram merl Stationery, etc. Agents wanted. Good Plays. These an- expertly prepared (typewritten) papers. pay. Big demand everywhere. All orders filled Proficient, scholarly service. 	promptly and sent prepaid. Write for samples and terms. Address: John A. Martin, Secretary, The House off Chowning, Indianapolis, Ind. 2220 Sixth St.. N. W. Washington. D. C. BERESFORD GALE CORPORATION FINANCIERS "Investments of the Better Kind" INVESTMENTS	 SECURITIES Branches in Principal Cities Home Office 413 South Broad St. Philadelphia, Pa. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER ON TO WASHINGTON, D. C. The Superintendent of Insurance of the District of Columbia, after a satisfactory investigation of our contracts and business, has granted the Society license to do an Industrial Sick Benefit Insurance Business in the District of Columbia. We therefore announce the opening of our Washington (D. C.) District Office on Monday, June 6, 1921. The Washington District Office will occupy the Specially Designed Office Suite No. 300, 3rd floor front, in the Society's own Modern Four Story and Basement Building, N . W . Corner of 7th and T Sts., Washington, D. C. We invite our members, friends and the general public to call on us when visiting the Capitol City of the Nation. The Acorn of 1893 is now the Spreading Oak of Protection of 1921. SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VIRGINIA, INC. Home Office: 527 N. Second Street RICHMOND, VA. OFFICERS AND BOARD Jas. T. Carter, President and General XV. E. Baker, Treasurer. Counsel. B. L. Jordan, Secretary. Edw. Stewart, Vice-President. W. A. Jordan, Assistant Secretary. B. A. Cephas, Vice-President C. N . Jackson. A. Washington, Vice-President. W. E. Randolpn. A. D. Price, Jr. Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER STARTLING NEW OFFER OF ORCHARDVILLE LOTS AT $29 50 EACH PAYABLE AT $3.00 DOWN AND $1.50 A MONTH THESE LOTS ARE EXACTLY THE SAME KIND AND IN THE SAME LOCALITY AS THOSE WE SOLD UNDER THE DEVELOPMENT PLAN AT $56.00 EACH, THE OFFER OF WHICH HAS MET WITH GREAT SUCCESS. The lots are size 30 x 144 feet, and have plenty of room for a garden, chicken yard, shed, etc., besides a few fruit trees which can be planted later on. Each lot is sold under a MONEY BACK GUARANTEE to prove to you that everything is as described in our advertising matter. TITL E to the property is ABSOLUTEL Y CLEA R and is conveyed by Warranty deed. This offer must be taken advantage of QUICKLY because only a LIMITED NUMBE R of these lots will be sold at this price, and the demand is sure to be VER Y GREAT ! Many of those who purchased Orchardville lots under our development agreement will want some of these lots also, and with a large list of lot owners all ready to start with, you can see how important it is to act WITHOUT DELAY. Space here is too limited to give you all the details of this offer, but if you want to know all about it, simply write your name and address on the coupon below and mail it to us RIGHT AWAY. We will then send you a circular containing- all the particulars regarding the proposition, location, etc., without any obligation on your part. DON'T WAIT BUT SEND FOR IT TODAY-RIGHT NOW! Address: ARENS0N REALTY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION 19 S. La Salle Street CHICAGO, ILL. WRITE PLAINLY ARENSON REALTY DEV'PT CORP. CHICAGO, ILL. Date 192. Gentlemen: — I would like to receive all the details regarding your new lot offer, without any obi:; tion on my part. Name .........i. Address Town and State CRI—New Offer—6-21 Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER June Releases BLACK SWAN RECORDS THE ONLY RECORDS USING EXCLUSIVELY NEGRO VOICES and MUSICIANS At Your Phonograph Dealer 2001 AT DAWNING, Soprano with Violin, Cello, Piano Revella Hughes 10 Inch 85c THANK GOD FOR A GARDEN " Revella Hughes FOR ALL ETERNITY, Baritone. Violin obligato Carroll Clark 10 Inch 2002 J. Cordie Williams, Violin, F. H. Henderson, Jr., Piano 85c DEAR LITTLE BOY OF MINE " Carroll Clark BLIND MAN BLUES, Blues Novelty Little Katie Crippen Soprano with Orchestra 10 Inch 85c PLAY 'EM FOR MAMMA, Blues Little Katie Crippen Soprano with Orchestra MY MAMMY , Tenor with Orchestra Jaun Harrison 2004 with Black Swan Dance Orchestra 10 Inch 85c BRIGHT EYES, Fox Trot. Vocal Chorus by Jaun Harrison Black Swan Dance Orchestra STRUT MISS LIZZIE, Soprano with Orchestra Lula Whidby with Henderson's Novelty Orchestra 10 Inch 85c HOME AGAIN BLUES, Soprano with Orchestra Lula Whidby with Henderson's Novelty Orchestra NOBODY KNOWS THE TROUBLE I'VE SEEN, Carroll Clark 2006 Spiritual. Baritone with Piano Accompaniment 10 Inch 85c BY THE WATERS OF MINNETONKA, Carroll Clark Baritone with Piano, Violin and Cello Watch For Our New Releases Each Month If Your Dealer Does Not Supply You Order Direct From Pace Phonograph Corp., 257 w. 138th St., New York, N.Y. Live Agents Wanted in Every Community. Liberal Commissions. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER BRAZIL DO YOU WANT LIBERTY AND WEALTH IN A LAND OF PLENTY? UNLIMITED OPPORTUNITY AND EQUALITY? Then Buy Land in Brazil South America Kindly Send 25c in Stamps for Our Booklet BRAZILIAN AMERICAN COLONIZATION SYNDICATE American Office 3539J4 South State Street, Chicago, 111. MISS MADELINE ALLISON Shopper Spring is here! Have you done your spring and summer shopping? Why not shop in New York, instead of in Gopher Prairie? It is cheaper and you get more satisfaction. Let me do your shopping for you. Write me immediately. Have you seen my little catalog? Address : Room 622 70 FIFTH AVENUE NEW YORK, N. Y. (Refers by permission to the Editor of tile "Crisis.") BE A LAND OWNER! Enjoy that proud, self-satisfied and independ ent feeling that comes with the ownership of a fine country estate. Invest your sav ings where they will be safe and where they can some day earn you maximum re turns. Get away from the turmoil of the city, the lay-offs, strikes, congestion, high cost of living, etc. If you act QUICKLY you can secure a Woodville country estate con sisting of 10, 20 or 40 acres in a fine loca tion in Michigan, on very easy terms, FOR ONLY $32.50 PER ACRE FREE TOWN LOT with each 10 acre tract, also a SPECIAL ADVERTISING DISCOUNT to those who act AT ONCE. The tract is well located, RIGHT ON A RAILROAD, with the station right there. The land is high and dry and sold under a MONEY BACK GUARANTEE. The TITLE is ABSOLUTELY CLEAR. Send for our BEAUTIFUL BOOK LET and get all the details of this offer without any obligaton to you. It contains a great many good views of the property, as well as interesting information. Simply, ask for a WOODVILLE booklet and mention the Crisis. Write your name and address plainly. SEND FOR YOUR COPY TODAY because the tracts are going FAST. Address ARENSON REALTY DEVELOPMENT CORP. 19 S La Salie St. Chicago, III. CROCHET BEADING TAUGHT BY MAIL—ALL BRANCHES $5 Learn at Home now to do Crochet Beading Correctly and Speedily on DRESSES, WAISTS, BAGS, HATS, SLIPPERS, ETC., With all kinds of Beads. Bugles, Spangles, Fringes, Twists, Loops, Etc. The only Authoritative Correspondence Courses on Crochet Beading ever published. Contains 24 illus trated charts with detailed explanations by Mme Bertha La Mers, International Art Needlework Au thority. ALSO 10-day TRADE COURSE AT SCHOOL, J7.50. WORK GUARANTEED WHEN TOU FINISH SCHOOL COURSE. Classes In all branches of Art Needlework. Art Embroidery, Perforating, and Stamping, at the Studio. MME. B. LA MERS LA MERS STUDIO 345 West 5Rth St.. New York, N. Y. TELEPHONE COLUMBUS 617 The Brownies' Book A monthly magazine for children which attempts to bring to them: 1. The best in pictures and stories of Negro life. 2. The life and deeds of famous men and women of the Negro race. 3. The current events of the world told i)i beautiful language zvhich children can understand. 15 Cents per copy $1.50 per year Agents Wanted Subscribers Wanted Sample copies sent on request. DuBois and Dill, Publishers 2 West 13th Street New York, N. Y . Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS Cleota Collins, Lyric Soprano "She combines an excellent voice with artistic finish of the most mature kind. Her singing proved as charming as anything the concert programs will offer this season."—Detroit Daily News. GEORGE LACY, Manager, 156 Hamilton Avenue Columbus, Ohio LULA ROBINSON-JONES Soprano Available for Concerts Telephone 6393 Morningside 174 W. 136th Street New York, N. Y. E. ALDAMA JACKSON Graduate of Institute of Musical Art Organist-Director of Music of St Marks M. E Church; Concert Accompanist; Piano, Voice, Theory, Instruction, Conducting, Coaching. Harmony taught from beginning to completion. Private or correspondence. Geothius system, •tudio: 250 W. 138th St., New York, N. Y. Telephone Morningside 1708. Sent anywhere—Now on sale NEGRO MUSIC COMPOSITIONS and Spirituals of Coleridge-Taylor, Burleigh, Cook, Rosamond Johnson, Dett, Clarence C. White, Work, Diton, Hare, Natalie Curtis Burlin. W. A. ADAMS MUSIC HOUSE, 1911 9th St., N. W. Washington, D. C. Send stamp for reply. SCENARIOS WANTED! :-: Race Plays :-: Chance for Good, Steady Income for Writers Who Show Ability. Florentine Film Mfg. Co., Inc., 903 You St., N. W. Washington, D. C. COLORED PHOTOPLAYS a Step Ahead Bookertee Film Company now booking "Loyal Hearts" a five-reel, thrilling and exciting love drama featuring California's Favorite Colored Star SIDNEY PRESTON DONES Directed by CapL Leslie T. Peacofke. the author of Neptune's Daughter, the Annetta Kellerman feature photoplay; Hearts in Exile. As Ye Sow. The Million Dollar Mystery, etc. Colored theatre patrons demand to see colored photoplays. Ask your theatre today to (rive you good colored pictures. Support theatres which book colored pictures. Agents wanted for FOREIGN COUNTRIES. Will sell FOREIGN rights. Theatres write or wire our nearest office. BOOKERTEE FILM COMPANY 1718 W. Jefferson St. LOS ANGELES, CAL. New York Office. 247 W. 139th St. Harris and Pitts, 405 Central Ave.. Grand Central Theatre. Dallas. Tex. J. B. Kennedy, Liberty Theatre. Greenville. S. C. G.	 S. O'Neal, Jr., I7T9 3rd Ave., Birmingham, Ala. Our next releases now booking for fall showing "Reformation", a five-reel all star colored cast; "My First Love", a five-reel all star colored cast. ADVERTISER A MONEY GETTER because It to A CROWD GETTER. Churches and Clubs looking for a play that will afford an evening of Side-Splitting Fun. should have The Slabtown Convention A. entertainment In one art; full of wit • no good humor. Beam of church* ha™ cleared rrom One to Two Hundred Dollars la One Night. PRICE. go*. MISS NANNIE H. BURROUGHS, Author Lincoln Heights. Washington D. C. AGENTS EARN $75-00 A WEEK Selling our Enlarged Pboto Medallions, Photo Cuff Button, Photo Lockets, Photo Watch Charms Photo Breast Pins, Photo Clocks and Life Size Portraits (16 z 20). We copy from any Photograph and Return Your Original Photo. Agents' Enlarged Samples 50c. Negro Books, Pictures and Post Cards. Prompt Shipments. 1000 Agents and Dealers Wanted. Free Catalog. Bethel Art Co.. 97 South St.. Jamaica. W. Y. IMPROVE YOURSELF! HELP OTHERS Easy, pleasant dignified work. $2 per hoar. Unusual opportunity. Send 50c in stamps for membership, supplies, etc. National Literary Association 1230 Ton St. N. W., Wash., D. C. The Colored Teachers' Bureau Will Help You Get a Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW SEASONABLE TERMS Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Bos 22, Wilberforce, 0. The Negro in American History Its value indicated in public and secondary school libraries as an introduction to the study of American History from the American Negro viewpoint. 284 pages. 32 chapters. 17 full page illustrations. Index and bibliography other features. Price $2.00; sent on receipt of net price. Order through any bookseller: C. O. D. or postage remittance. For further information address the author. CROMWELL J0HN w 1439 Swann St., Washington, D. C. The most forward movement in the interest of Africa has been perfected by the American &amp; African Tourist Company, Inc., which announces a round-trip tour to West Africa, leaving- December 3. Round Trip Tickets, $495.00. W.	 H . Jernigan President R. R. Wright, Jr Treasurer L. G. Jordan Secretary For full particulars write Maj. W. H. York, General Manager, 529 South Nineteenth St., Philadelphia, Pa. Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER 95 MADE TO MEASURE $13.50 EXPRESS OR POSTAGE PREPAID This offer is one of the biggest, most generous ever made by any tailoring house. It's your one big opportunity to get a finely tail-ored-to-measure 2-piece suit with box back, superbly trimmed and cut in the latest city style for only $13.50. WE'RE OUT TO BEAT HIGH TAILORING PRICES Your own local tailor couldn't and wouldn't make you a suit for $13.50, let alone supply the cloth, linings and trimmings. Why not save 50% on your next suit? We have such a tremendous business, buy all our materials in such large quantities and have such a perfect organization that we can make these wonderful prices—and remember we guarantee style, fit and workmanship or your money back. YOU Save $8 to $11 This suit for S13.50 clearly proves our supremacy in the tailoring field. We offer dozens of equally good values. Let's tell you about them. We would rather you did Big Sample Outfit FREE not send us anv monev until we send our Write us today and we will mail you absolutely FRE E our beautifully illustrated pattern book showing dozens of the latest city styles and designs, also many large size cloth samples to choose from. You will be simply thunderstruck at the exceptional values we are offering this year. Don't delay: we urge you to act quick; today! THE PROGRESS TAILORING CO. Dept. 606, CHICAGO Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 96 OUR LATEST CATALOG WILL BE MAILED TO YOU UPON REQUEST We are positively the only Manufacturers of HUMA N HAIR GOODS who specialize and cater direct to the Colored People. Our Wigs, Switches, Transformations, Bobs and Braids are strictly handmade—of the finest qualities of real Human Hair Goods and manufactured under the supervision of MME . BAUM , by the most skillful artists in the trade. Try Mme. Baum's Celebrated Scalp and Face Preparations which are made of the finest ingredients and are the most satisfying to the person using them. We carry the largest selection of Hairdressers' Tools and Accessories. Mme. Bum , Bob gives the appear ance of wearing the hair bobbed, but makes cutting un necessary. Mad e MME. BAUM'S of strictly Supreme Quality human MAIL ORDER HOUSE hair, with natural wave*, tewed OR Velvet Ribbon, fitted with three Our Factory is Located at tuck Combs to hold secure. In all shades. Price, 15.50. 80 FOURTH AVE. NEW YORK, N. Y. When writing, mention this paper. WANTED WANTED Live Agents At Once To Sell Agents Wanted DUDLEY'S FAMOUS AUTO POLISH for furniture, pianos, church pews, hardwood floors and hundreds of other things that have a varnished surface. Makes them look like new. Agents can In Every make $50.00 to $75.00 per week selling Dudley's Polish to furniture dealers, drug stores, hardware stores, churches, housekeepers, automobile stores, paint stores and grocery stores. Special Offer: For 90 days we will ship to all new agents $10.00 worth of Dud ley's Polish for $5.00. Take advantage of this special offer at once. Locality. DUDLEY MANUFACTURING CO. Formerly DUDLEY &amp; PORTER MFG. CO. GOOD PAY and DUDLEY LEATHER &amp; CHEMICAL WORKS, Catalog Free Box 542 MUSKOGEE, OKLAHOMA THE EAST INDIA TOILET GOODS MFG. CO. ISADORE MARTIN 316 N. Central Dept. B Real Estate and Insurance OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA Notary Public Mortgage* 6 North 42nd Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Tel. 6417 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben Badges, Banners, Lodge Regalia EDGAR P. BENJAMIN For all Lodge and Church Societies ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOB-AT-LAW 14 School Street Boston, Mass CENTRAL REGALIA CO. JOS. L. JONES, Pres. "SOME DON'TS "THATSTIRREDTHEPEOPLESOFBOTHCONTI nents. " A Programme for Life." Agents Wanted. 641 W. 3th St. Cincinnati, Ohio Price 10c. Try the 6c. and 10c. stores. A. R. Gillespie, 2272 East 97th St., Cleveland, Ohio. Mention THE CRISIS Safe Conservative Investment— Spendthrift habits, wasted earn The road to happiness, independings, get-rich-quick speculations ence and comfort. lead finally to poverty and want. Who Will Support You When You Are Too Old To Work? Will you have profitable investments bringing in an income or will you be dependent? The Nile Queen Corporation now being organized to succeed the well-known Kashmir Chemical Company, offers unusual opportunity for safe, conservative investment in a growing business. Fortunes have been made in the toilet preparation industry and yet our race organizations have scarcely scratched the surface of this great field. The Kashmir Chemical Company, a high class, successful, going business, which manufactures the famous Nile Queen Preparations, is to be expanded into a great country-wide organization, officered by a group of capable, experienced business men. Dollars invested now while the organization is being formed and an opportunity open to get in on the ground floor can earn large dividends for you. Write today for particulars and guaranteed dividend proposition, or send subscription for as many shares as you desire,—Subscriptions $25.00 per share, $5.00 down—$5.00 per month. Make checks payable to or address Incorporators Nile Queen Corporation 3423 Indiana Avenue Chicago, Illinois BEAUTIFUL WHITE TEETH MADAM C.J.WALKER'S ANTISEPTIC DENTAL CREAM IS THE SECRET Mouth acids and a slimy film are the great contributions to decay. Your Dentist will tell you that it is not enough to merely clean the teeth and ordinary dentrifices will not preserve them from decay. Madam C.J.Walker's Antiseptic Dental Cream keeps the ^ sal iva alkaline, which counteracts acid-mouth, prevents A delicious slimy film, the formation of tarter and effective germicide and mouth wash for purifies the breath. Cleansing, Polishing and Preserving the teeth. of Agents and at Drug Stores. Mme. C. J. Walker M.f.g. Co. 64 0 NORT H WES T STREE T INDIANAPOLIS,IND. t U.S.A . Makers of Mme. C. J. Walker's Wonderful Hair Grower.