The Crisis THE CRISIS June 1913 Ten Cenfs A Copy A Trip to Waltonia "The Proposed Colored Colony of Character and Culture —And Some Impressions By ALBON L. HOLSEY "Realizing that the home-loving colored citizens of this section have in many instances been defrauded and discriminated against, and for that reason are more or less skeptical about real estate propositions, we not only invite, but urge every prospective purchaser of lots in Waltonia to make a most rigid investigation of our property, titles and business methods." In this frank manner Mr. Furlow addressed me concerning Waltonia, the colored colony which is being promoted by the Rosalind Realty Co., and extended me an invitation to visit the place. The trip to Potter, N. J., where Waltonia is located, was about forty-five minutes from Hudson Terminal. The day was ideal and my first impulse, when stepping from the train, was to take a deep breath of the pure air and then a romp up the "big road" as I used to do "down home." Within a stone's throw of the station a clear, sparkling brooklet winds its way among grass-covered knolls and shade trees. A nearby spring completes Nature's suggestion that this part of Waltonia would make a splendid park and playground for children—and, by the way, I now recall that a park is included in the plans of the promoters. We followed the "big road" up a gradual incline for about three hundred yards until a stretch of table land opened before us which, with the exception of one depression, was as smooth as a parlor floor, high and dry, with splendid natural drainage and a pleasing view of the surrounding country. "Gentlemen," said Mr. Bradshaw, our genial guide, "this is Waltonia." He then pointed to lots purchased by Dr. W. 11. nrnoks. Mr. J. W. Rose, Dr. Sterling, Rev. Timms and many others whose names I do not recall. He showed us the water main which passes through the center of the proposed colony and where the electric and telephone wires pass, assuring future residents of Waltonia all the comforts of city life. One thing that impressed me about Waltonia, aside from the natural beauty which surrounds it, was its proximity to such cities as Plainfield, Rahway and Xewark, affording social intercourse with a well-to-do, prosperous class of colored people in these cities and nearby shopping and theatre centers. Thousands of people who live in Plainfield work in New York City and make the two trips daily on commuters' tickets. Residents of Waltonia may travel on these commuters' tickets to New York at a net cost of 25 1/3 cents per round trip. In their prospectus I find the following interesting paragraph: "And to that end we propose to sell our lots upon easy terms, with moderate monthly payments, without interest or taxes, and when fully paid for to furnish a deed guaranteed by the Middlesex Title Guarantee and Trust Co., of New Brunswick, N. J., and when desired we will lend our assistance toward securing the cheapest money for building purposes to be had in the city." Hence with such a program in con nection with the property they own, affording as it does the foundation for a splendid city, there is no reason why Waltonia should not grow and flourish like the proverbial "green bay tree," especially as it is the only one of New York's hundred or more suburbs inviting colored residents, and any colored home seeker or in vestor will do well to look into the matter carefully before investing or locating elsewhere. Address for literature: ROSALIND REALTY CO., Inc. 27 WILLIAM STREET NEW YORK Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. AT 26 VESEY STREET. NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. Burghardt Du Bois Contents for June, 1913 COVER PICTURE. By Vincent Ellsworth Saunders. Page CARTOON. By Lorenzo W. Harris 80 ARTICLES PLACIDO. Poet and Martyr. By Jose Clarana 82 AN OATH OF AFRO-AMERICAN YOUTH. By Kelly Miller 92 DEPARTMENTS ALONG THE COLOR LINE 59 MEN OF THE MONTH 72 OPINION 74 EDITORIAL 78 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 85 WHAT TO READ 92 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York, N. Y. SUMMER SESSION AT WILBERFORCE UNIVERSITY Under such prominent educators as Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois, Prof. Kelley Miller, Dr. L. B. Moore, Prof. G. N. Grisham, Edwina B Kruse, Jennie C. Lee, Dudley W. Woodward and a number of other well-known instructors. Courses in Psychology, Education, Ethics, History, Methods, Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics, Music, Art, Physical Culture, • Household Sciences and Industries. June 23 to August 1, 1913. EARL E. FINCH, Director Summer Session W. S. SCARBOROUGH, President Wilberforce, Ohio THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Agricultural and Mechanical College State summer school for colored teachers. Fourteenth annual session begins June 23, 1913, and continues five weeks. Board, lodging and fees for the session, $14 .00. Limited accommodations. Send $1 .00 in advance and re serve room. For catalog or further information address : STATE SUMMER SCHOOL Agricultural and Mechanical College GREENSBORO, N. C. "In the Heart of the Healthy Hills" The Agricultural and Mechanical College NORMAL, ALABAMA Makes a special effort to meet the needs of young people who must work out their own salvation. It gives breadwinners a chance to go to school and so puts a nrst-claSB English education and a trade within the reach of every young person of push and purpose. Board, lodging and washing cost $9 per month. An entrance fee of $10 covers medicine, .hospital care and doctor's bill for the year. School opens the first Monday in October and closes the last Thursday in May. WALTER S. BUCHANAN, President Send your boy South—the land of Opportunity. The Prairie View State Normal and Industrial College of Texas. E. L Blackshear, Principal. W. C. Rollins, Treasurer. Largest State institution for colored youth in the United States. Excellent literary, scientific and industrial advantages. Expenses low—ideal climate—new buildings. For particulars address: H. J. MASON, Secretary Prairie View Waller County, Texas ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding and day school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 611 N. 43d St. W. Philadelphia, Pa. I Fisk University NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 H. H. Wright, Dean Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro history. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standards of independent manhood and womanhood. Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth, Smith and Wellesley. Forty-two years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the . South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for Self-help. Fall Term Begins September, 1913. For information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. Virginia Union University RICHMOND, VA. A College Department, of high standards and modern curriculum. A Theological Department, with all subjects generally required in the best theological seminaries. An Academy, with manual training, giving a preparation for life or for college. The positive moral and religious aim of the school, its high standards of entrance and of class work, its fine new buildings and well-equipped laboratories and library prepare a faithful student for a life of wide usefulness. GEORGE RICE HOVEY, President Mention TH E CRISTS. 58 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER WANT A JOB? Sleeping-car Porters wanted for summer and permanent service. No experience necessary. Write to-day for full information. AMERICAN SERVICE SCHOOL Instruction Department 80 Fifth Avenue --- New York City CALLING CARDS One dozen neatly written calling cards, plain or fancy, 15c; with handsome aluminum card case, 30c. postpaid. Comic cards, 20c. per dozen. Memorial cards, 20c. per dozen. Orders carefully executed on day received. WM. I. THOMAS Penman 2720 West Lake Street Chicago, 111. OF INTEREST TO VOCAL STUDENTS Tone Placing and Voice Development Practical method of singing for daily practice, based upon artistic principle's, together with a carefully prepared number of exercises. From "Musical Courier," N. T.: A very practical little book is "Tone Placing and Voice Development," by Pedro T. Tinsley. It contains some very excellent material and vocal exercises, and should be in the hands of all vocal students. WOEDS OF APPRECIATION I offer you the heartiest possible endorsement of your work, which I believe to be the most complete course of the kind that has ever come under my notice.—Glenn Dillard Gunn, Chicago ' 'Tribune.'' From "Music News," Chicago, 111.: Accordingly his "Practical Method of Singing" is a most con cise and practical little manual, containing many valuable vocal exercises. It cannot fail to be helpful to all ambitious vocal students. CANNOT FAIL OF GOOD RESULTS The work is especially commendable because it treats in a clear and systematic manner all the vital points so essential to the student, making it easy for him to advance to the highest point of development.—Geo. I. Holt, Des Moines, Iowa. PRICE $1.00 Address the publisher: PEDRO T. TINSLEY 6448 Drexel Avenue CHICAGO, ILL. Swell, Nifty Suit FREE! Get in Quick !SSft3?&lt;S offering ever made. Be our sales- manager in your town—$250 a month. Enough coin to fill your pockets. Nifty suits for you to wear—ALL FEEE. Make $60 to $75 a week selling our nifty suits. It's easy I Orders turned over to you. No experience, no money necessary. WE PAY EXPRESS ON EVERYTHING Tou pay nothing — absolutely nothing. EVERYTHING guaran teed, too. Write-Hurry card right away for this great free offer. Never anything like It. Get our book of beautiful samples and full particulars—all free. You assume no obligations whatever, so write at once. American Woolen Mills Co. Dept. 551 Chicago, Ul. Reddick's World's Greatest Polishing Mitt FOR POLISHING ALL METALS, SIGNS, PIANOS, FURNITURE, GUNS, HARNESS, AUTOMOBILE BODIES, LAMPS, HARDWOOD FLOORS^ ETC. Fully Protects the Hand Saves Time and Labor An incomparable duster. A combination shoe polisher. Can be used with or without oil or polish. Made of special tanned lamb's wool on the hide, thoroughly cleaned and combed of all grit. Will not scratch the finest surface. Adopted by the Pullman Company for porters' use on the best trains and used in the best hotels, office buildings, theatres, garages, furniture houses; on dining cars, ocean liners, yachts and thousands of households because it's the best practical polish ing device on earth. By mail postpaid 25c. each (stamps or currency). A splendid proposition for agents. Write to-day for particulars. J. E. REDDICK 1028 South 17th Street Philadelphia, Pa. Jt^ WANTE D -m Agents to handle TH E CRISIS in all sections of the country. Splendid opportunity for money-making and dignified employment. Address j TH E CRISIS 26 Vesey Street -- New York Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS Vol. 6—No. 2 JUNE, 1913 Whole No. 32 ALONG THE COLOR LINE EDUCATION. I WEN T to school in the South six months of the year and spent three of the months in preparation for the closing exercises," said Mr. Joseph C. Manning, of Alabama, at the recent conference of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People in Philadelphia. Mr. Manning has reason to be thankful for small mercies. He is white. Black children in Alabama are not able to say what he has said. For instance, in Wilcox County, there was expended in 1910 $9,339.70 for the education of 10,758 Negro children and $30,612.75 for that of 2,000 white children. These figures sjiow a per capita expenditure of 82 cents for the Negro child and $15.50 for the white. In consequence of this condition of affairs the conference on rural industrial schools for Negroes, which took place in April in New York, resolved to make a uniform organized effort to collect money in the North for the support of these schools instead of the haphazard rivalry which has heretofore existed. The conference also decided to attempt to equalize the standard of these schools. The conference is to assemble in November, and the following officers were elected: William H. Holtzelaw, TJtica Institute, president; Leslie P. Hill, Manassas, Va., secretary-treasurer; Miss Emma Wilson, Myersville, S. C , vice-president. &lt;II Fisk University, Nashville, Tenn., is in urgent need of $104,000 to meet the requirements of the General Education Board in the raising of $500,000 for its work. Contributions of $1 or more are requested and may be sent to the director of the university. 1 The New Orleans school board has vacancies for fifty colored teachers to replace the white teachers in colored schools. Persons desiring information about examinations for these positions should communicate with Guillaume College, 407 Pythian Temple. &lt;I Efforts are on foot to establish a Negro industrial school in Dallas, Tex. *I The colored school children of Cumberland County, N. C , have contributed the largest single amount by school children to the fund for a monument to the late Governor Ayeoek. 1$ Dr. I. Garland Penn, corresponding secretary of the Freedmen's Aid Society, has organized a campaign to raise $500,000 for Negro education at institutions in the South. Dr. Elmer E. Brown, former United States Commissioner of Education and present chancellor of New York University, urges Federal aid for Negro education. He says: "Sooner or later it will become clear that here is-a national need of such magnitude that it can be met only by the aid of national resources." d A new school for colored children in South Chattanooga, Tenn., is to cost $15,000. *J The John F. Slater Fund expended during the past year $7,375 in aid of Negro education in South Carolina. THE CRISIS *I The Howard University catalog shows a total registration of 14,090 students, representing 37 States and 9 foreign countries. These students are distributed as follows: Academy, 380; the college of arts and sciences, 303; school of medicine, 291; the teachers' college, 175; the commercial college, 110; school of theology, 108; conservatory of music, 88; library school, 2; correspondence students, 37. *I The summer school for teachers at Lane College, Jackson, Tenn., will be open until July 5. *&amp; Meridian Academy, Meridian, Miss., has collected and contributed $900 toward the jubilee educational fund of the Freedmen's Aid Society. *I Dr. Charles A. Lewis, of Philadelphia, advocates a course in the study of tuberculosis in all Negro schools. &lt;I The school board of Eichmond, Va., has asked of the common" council an appropriation of $100,000 for the erection of two new schools for colored children. •5 The United German Societies of 'Washington, D. C. have, not without opposition, decided to exclude pupils of the colored high schools from competing for prizes which these societies offer to the best students of German. Dr. Voelckner, speaking in favor of including the colored students, said that the early settlers of Germantown, Pa., were the first people in America to place themselves on record as being opposed to slavery. Speaking for exclusion, Herman Lechner said that the white workingman was in danger of being supplanted by the colored workingman and that he did not believe in too much education for colored people. *I The grand jury of Clarke County, Ga., in which is situated the Georgia State University, at Athens, in a report favoring compulsory education makes the following presentment: "Georgia now ranks as one of the States having largest percentage of illiteracy— especially among the whites—and we feel that this stigma should be removed as soon as possible by our legislators, who should find ways to furnish efficient schools and compel attendance upon same." *I The commencement sermon at Meharry Medical College, Nashville, Tenn., was delivered by Bishop C. H. Phillips. •I Eleven nurses were graduated from the Lincoln Hospital Training School at New York. POLITICS A FREE government has no excuse except it secures the moral and material advancement of the governed.—Senator Moses E. Clapp, at the N. A. A. C. P. conference. ^ A society calling itself the National Demo cratic Fair Play Association has recently met in Washington. The president of this so ciety is somebody from Missouri, and the secretary is from somewhere in South Dakota, unknown honorable from Alabama. According to a Washington newspaper, the slogan of this association is, "Down with the civil service; give us the jobs." But the society adds to this platform of so-called "reform of the civil-service system" a plan for getting other people's jobs by way of "race segregation in government employ." They announced a mass meeting to which they invited "everybody; especially ladies and all of the departmental employees." But a Washington correspondent informs us that this much-advertised gathering was a "distinct disappointment both to the promoters and to most of the audience. With the Negro as a bait, there were not more than 150 persons present, although the evening was fine and the hall centrally located. Not a single Senator or Representative appeared. The nearest approach was an ex-Congressman from Colorado, and he did not say anything. It is the opinion of the writer that the meeting was gotten up by a lot of disappointed office seekers from the South ' who want the civil-service bars let down long enough to let them in, especially the revocation of Mr. Taft's order placing fourth-class postmasterships upon the civil-service list. There was not a single man in the movement that I ever heard of before." Hon. Kyle B. Price, of Alabama, read at the meeting a letter from "a Southern white woman," who said that in one of the government offices she had been compelled to take dictation from "a coal-black, woolly-headed Nigger. Then I felt," continues this writer, "that if a woman ever had just cause for ending her life, I had. I am a Southern woman. My father was an officer in the Civil War and my mother was a woman of the greatest refinement." ALONG THE COLOR LINE This association is concentrating its fire upon the Washington departments and the railroad mail service. It has placed the stamp of its distinguished approval upon the following letter, which was gotten up by an obscure postal clerk in Arkansas and circulated extensively among his colleagues in his part of the country; "ST. LOUIS, MO., April 7, 1913. "To the Hon. A. S. BURLESON, Postmaster- General. "Sir: We, the undersigned railway postal clerks, respectfully request you to look into the conditions confronting our branch of the service and especially in the South—conditions relating to the indiscriminate mixing of Negro and white clerks in crews in all lines throughout the country. "We feel assured that the service would be very much benefited and the standard of efficiency raised if the races could be segregated, the Negroes placed on lines to themselves. In no other employment in the country are the races so promiscuously thrown together on equal footing as they are in the railway mail service. In the army Negro soldiers are assigned to separate regiments, whereas in our branch of the service any working crew is likely to be half white and half black, and sometimes there is a Negro clerk in charge. "On long runs, where we are compelled to be together night and day, the conditions are sometimes disgusting and have caused many a good clerk to quit the service rather than stay and endure them. "Each car is provided with one wash basin and one toilet facility and every member of the crew is compelled to use the same in common. On lines where it is necessary to sleep at night, clerks are thrown disgustingly close together by reason of the small space that can be used for sleeping purposes. All these causes and many others are keeping the very best material out of the service nowadays, while the influx of Negroes into the service in some parts of the country continues at a ratio of three to one. "Some of these Negroes are of the very lowest element, even criminals among them. The most ignorant are easily coached to pass the examination by the many correspondence schools located throughout the country that make a specialty of preparing Negroes for civil-service examination. "We will not go further into racial conditions surrounding our branch of the service, but we humbly beg you to investigate conditions and to act upon your own judgment as to the best course to pursue in regard to them. We are sure the Negroes cannot object to segregation—it is the best thing for them as well as ourselves. We, therefore, leave it with you, trusting you will believe we are acting for the sole purpose of raising the standard of the service and promoting our positions and selves in the eyes of our fellow men." In a letter to the Postmaster-General replying to this attack the (colored) Railway Postal Clerks' League says: "The indefinite charge of criminality and inefficiency which is made may be applied to any one of the Negro clerks, and is herewith most strenuously denied and resented. If there be criminal or illiterate Negroes in the service, the petitioners should prefer charges against the' civil-service commission and officers of the railway mail serviee for admitting and allowing to remain such characters or make specific charges against the offending individuals. "In the December number of the Railway Post Office, a journal devoted to the interests of the clerks, Mr. C. E. Ellis, of the K. C. &amp; La Junta R. P. 0., boldly asks the clerks to join in asking the party in power to grant this request as a political issue. Mr. Ellis' letter is attached. W e do not understand that politics shall enter into the operation of the civil service, and political activity on the part of civil-service employees is considered pernicious and offensive. "We still hold, even in the face of this petition, an abiding faith in the American spirit—the spirit of fair play. We will not be led to believe that the great party now in power will aid such an unwarranted movement, nor will any of those who shape its policies." In a protest addressed to Mr. Still P. Taft, superintendent of the railway mail service at St. Louis, the league makes the following defense: "All clerks enter the service through the same channel, and when the petitioners aver that criminal and illiterate Negroes are in the service they directly charge the officers in charge of the entrance examinations with being a party to the employment of unworthy characters. TH E CRISIS "We ask for ourselves aud all Negro clerks the 'equality of opportunity,' which is the slogan of this great American government to the peoples of all the earth. "The practicability of putting into operation the suggestions of this petition is a matter for your serious consideration. The injustice is patent on the slightest investigation. It is un-American, impolitic and proposed not. as the petitioners hold, for the good of the service, but to inflict an unwarranted humiliation upon a class of loyal citizens who are of a different race. W e hold ourselves amenable to the authorities and we ask this authority to protect us from being harassed by clerks promulgating such petitions as this, which is being done preceding a State or national convention of clerks, some basing their candidacy for election as delegates on this petition. See Mr. Ellis' letter in March Railway Post Office. "We do not understand that polities shall enter into the operation of the civil service, but it 'is boldly announced that the political leaders of the now controlling party be invoked to use their power to further this scheme of discrimination. See Mr. Ellis' letter of Dec-ember. 1912. Railway Post Office. "We ask to be allowed peaceably to labor, receiving compensation for such, that we may provide for ourselves and our families without the ever-recurrent necessity of defending- ourselves against such attacks, and this energy be devoted to perfecting ourselves in our chosen labor." *I The Negroes of Louisiana have been protesting against the reduction of the tariff on sugar. *I The Oklahoma legislature has defeated a bill requiring a voter to show a receipt as evidence that his poll tax has been paid before he could be allowed to vote. *I Of 14,000 colored people in Shreveport, La., only 39 are registered voters. "At any rate," says the Neics Enterprise (colored), "on election day each of the thirty-nine colored men was challenged as he entered the polling place. He was told that his name was not on the pollbook and that he must go to the courthouse, get a certificate and attach it to his ballot. This was done, and when the votes were counted it was perfectly easy to inspect the thirty-nine colored votes. "And yet Booker T. Washington, colored, said the voting law of Louisiana put a premium on character, property and education." &lt;I The Gazette, of Alexandria, Va., commenting on the fact that the Republican Federal government had been first to start the disfranchisement of the Negro by disfranchising all the people of Washington, D. C, is gleefully reminiscent of the scenes in and around this city during reconstruction days. W e reproduce the following paragraphs from their editorial page without change of spelling or grammar: "Expenses had been paid and on the day set apart for voting in the national capitol it was difficult to secure colored help hereabouts. "Many aged darkeys of the 'Bob Ridley.' "Uncle Ned' and 'Old Black Joe' type, whose visions had never up to 1865 went beyond the farm, were voted in blocks by the political characters that ruled the capital city at that time. "The Republican party soon realized that while they desired to issue crow rations to the southern people, they wanted to eliminate it from their menu. Hence the action alluded to by Mr. Doekery." &lt;I Senator E. D. Smith, of South Dakota, has introduced a joint resolution in Congress for the repeal of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments to the Constitution. Senator La Follette's bill, providing for the submission to the nation of a constitutional amendment if desired by the people or the legislatures of at least ten States, would, if passed, pave a way for Vardaman to attempt to accomplish the national disfranchisement of the Negro. SOCIAL UPLIFT. I WANT to refer to Mayor Blankenburg's truism that a colored man who behaves himself is the equal of a white man. The twin truism is that a white man who does not behave himself is not the equal of the colored man who does.—Henry W . Wilbur, at the conference of the N. A. A. C. P. *$ At Winston-Salem, X. C, the city hospital commission has completed arrangements for the erection of a hospital for colored people. The colored people of New York are urging Governor Sulzer to sign a bill for a NegTo militia regiment which has been passed unopposed by both branches of the legislature. ALONG THE COLOR LINE *I The New York legislature has appropriated $25,000 to celebrate the half century of emancipation. The sum of $10,345 has been raised by colored women of Philadelphia for a branch of the Y. W. C. A. for colored girls. *I The Pullman Company has contributed $10,000 to the erection of a colored Y, M. C. A. in Chicago. &lt;1 The National League on Urban Conditions Among Negroes has been incorporated in the State of New York. Professor E. R. A. Seligman, Mrs. William H. Baldwin, Dr. Felix Adler and William G. Willcox are among the directors. Mr. E. K. Jones remains executive secretary and Dr. George E. Haynes, of Fisk University, the national organizer. The new offices of the league are at 110 West 40th Street, New York City. «I At Milwaukee, Wis., the Booker T. Washington Men's Forum has been organized under the presidency of Dr. K. D. Kammack. This society celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of emancipation on May 29 and 30. It successfully fought the marriage bill in Wisconsin. ^ The colored citizens of Jacksonville, Fla., have begun the erection of a hospital and training school for nurses. ^ A woman's exchange has been established at Bethel Church, Atlanta, Ga. The purpose of the exchange is to aid women to be self-supporting by sewing, making preserves and doing such things as women alone can do. The exchange will place these products on sale and will also conduct an employment agency. Q The Wheatley Literary Club, a women's organization, has been established at Seattle, Wash. The new Odd Fellows building in Atlanta, Ga., has been dedicated. The building is six stories high, contains forty-two offices, six stores and six lodge rooms. The cost of erection was $110,000. &lt;I Colonel Moriarty, who had charge of the flood relief work at Cairo, 111., said that his greatest-trouble-was to get white men to work and that colored men were willing and did,-all they could. At Padueah, Ky., Memphis, Tenn., Dayton, O., and other places, Negroes were ready and prompt in bringing succor to the unfortunate. At Dayton seven lives were lost among the colored people, but the destruction of property was very great. *J The American Giants, a colored baseball team of Chicago, defeated a team of United States soldiers at Portland, Ore., 7 to 0. &lt;I A white man of Richmond, Va., calls attention to the fact that there is "absolutely no plac.e provided by this city or State" for the care of a 17-year-old colored boy in his employ who is afflicted with tuberculosis. *J, Negro railroad men have formed a fraternal protective association. The association means to guard against attacks upon colored railroad employees, such as the full-crew bills which have been recently introduced into the legislatures of several States. The proposed Douglass Park for colored people in Memphis, Tenn., will not, perhaps, be purchased by the city because of protests from white people that the opening of the park would mean the too frequent use by Negroes of the ear lines leading to the park. *I The -Oklahoma legislature failed to pass a bill for the establishment of a reformatory for colored youth. *I Negroes of Sedalia, Mo., are building a theatre. *l Colored people at Tulsa, Okla., -are trying to raise funds for a reading room. The legislature of Missouri is considering a bill appropriating $130,000 for an institute for incorrigible Negro girls at Tipton. &lt;J Oberlin is a suburb of Raleigh, N. C , peopled by well-to-do colored folk. *I Muskogee, Okla., has a colored population of 10,000. Negroes own a clothing store with stock valued at $35,000, and a millinery and dry-goods store of similar proportions. There are fifty groceries, four drug stores, one jewelry shop, a bank, two insurance companies and numerous other commercial and financial enterprises. &lt;J The United Negroes' Association is negotiating for the purchase of a farm between Wappinger's Falls and New Hamburgh, near Poughkeepsie, N. Y., to be used as a Negro orphanage. THE CRISIS &lt;J The Carnegie library for colored people for $1,500 by the Negroes. The city has at Houston, Tex., has been opened. The appropriated $1,500 a year for the mainbuilding cost $15,230 and the site was bought tenance of the institution. ALONG THE COLOR LINE SI According to a report by Asa E. Martin, a white teacher of Kansas City, Mo., Negroes of that city own property valued at $1,900,000. One man owns almost one-tenth of this. SI The board of supervisors of Noxubee County, Miss., offers prizes for corn crops grown by Negroes of the county. Sixty men and forty boys have entered the contest. ECONOMICS. CEVENTY-FIVE Negro families have moved from Oklahoma to California because of prejudice in the former State. The party has several thousand dollars to invest in California lands. SI The Metropolitan Realty and Investment Company, of Ocala, Fla., has just erected a $20,000 building. The company was organized three years ago and is capitalized at $20,000. • SI Southern cotton mills are beginning to employ Negro labor. Perhaps it would be just as well if they did not. SI In Delaware, factories making shirts, overalls and cheap cotton goods have recently employed Negro labor with success. SI The National Order of the Mosaic Temple of America has placed the contract for the erection of a $45,000 building at Little Rock, Ark.' SI Colored men of Chicago have organized a business association. SI There are in Philadelphia 1,080 Negroes who own property assessed at $2,801,275, and of a market value of $3,735,000. SI Colored ship carpenters of Savannah, Ga., have been organized and chartered by the United Brotherhood of Carpenters. SI The National Baptist Publishing Board, of Nashville, Tenn., spends $30,000 a year for paper alone. SI The Standard Life Insurance Company, of Atlanta, Ga., capitalized at $100,000, has in the two years of its existence written policies amounting to $400,000. SI The People's Building and Loan Association, of Hampton, Va., shows a total business of $196,046 for the past year, an increase of $12,458 over 1911. SI Colored people of Tacoma, Wash., own property assessed at $50,000. PERSONAL. T"\URING the past month the hand of the Reaper has fallen heavy on colored folk. William J. White, the veteran editor of the Georgia Baptist, Jennie Dean, the founder of Manassas Industrial School, and Dr. James E. Cabaniss, a successful young dentist of New York City, have passed away. SI President Tancrede Auguste, of Haiti, died a natural death after a tenure of office dating only from last August. M. Auguste was one of the ablest men who have occupied the Haitian presidency in recent years. His successor is Michel Oreste. SI Memorial services were held by the colored people of Washington for the late Senator John B. Henderson, the author of the Thirteenth Amendment. SI Application has been made to the Carnegie Hero Fund for a medal for Georgia Cahvell. a Negro cook, who saved a five-year-old white child from drowning in an old cistern. SI A correspondent of the Norfolk News urges a like reward for a Negro who saved a white woman from drowning. This writer says: " A white woman was miraculously rescued from death by a colored man in the presence of a dozen white men, not one of whom would risk his life in the attempt. But for his courage and promptness, the woman would undoubtedly have lost her life. The newspaper account of that important and valuable feature of the affair says: 'Sam Davis, a Negro driver, jumped into the water and swam with her to the wharf.' So far from having the slightest touch of laudable approval of Davis' act, the sentence reads almost as if the rescuer had committed some reprehensible act." SI Matilda Henson Ritchie, aged 81, and Mrs. Julia Henson Wheeler, aged 72, the daughters of the Rev. Josiah Henson, the original of "Uncle Tom," are living quietly at Flint, Mich. SI Mr. Louis G. Gregory, of Washington, D. C., delivered an address at the Bahai convention in New York. Several colored persons attended the sessions. SI Corporal Richardson, of the 10th Cavalry, won a cup presented by Secretary of War Garrison, and a money prize for his exploits in the horse show at Fort Meyer, Va. The secretary made a brief speech commending Corporal Richardson for his excellent work. TH E CRISIS *1 Mrs. Matilda Wynn, a colored laundress' of Glen Cove, L. I., has left an estate valued at $30,000. Fred. L. Hubbard, a colored man, has been appointed assistant general manager of the Toronto street railways. ^ Colored soldiers stationed along the boundary line between Arizona and Mexico have been having a hard time of it trying to avoid Mexican rebels without involving the United States in international difficulties. W e publish an order by Major Read, of the 9th Cavalry, in camp at Xaco, Ariz.: "The following is published for the information of this command: "The colonel of the regiment desires to express his appreciation of the splendid manner in which the duty imposed upon Private Lionel Lewis, of Troop A, 9th Cavalry, was performed while on patrol near the boundary line to the west of Xaco, Ariz., on Wednesday, April 9, 1913. There can be no more delicate duty allotted to a soldier than that requiring discretion. forbearance and personal control, and it is most gratifying to the regimental commander to have had the opportunity of personally observing how most thoroughly this duty was performed. That no members of the patrol returned the fire of those who. driven bv stress over the boundary line, fired at Private Lewis in their excitement is most gratifying, and shows how wholesome discipline tends to increase self-confidence under the most trying circumstances. "This incident is well worthy of the traditions of the regiment, and it is hoped that the example set by this patrol of Troop A, 9th Cavalry, will be far reaching in its effect. "This order will be read to each organization at retreat this date." &lt;J James H. Wolff, the only colored G. A. R. veteran who has been at the head of the Massachusetts department, is dead. ^ By special request of the late J. Pierpont Morgan, Mr. Harry Burleigh sang "Calvary" at the financier's funeral in Xew York City. &lt;J Mr. Earl H. Murray, a brilliant student of the Collegiate Institute, of Chatham, Ont., and local agent for THE CRISIS, has, on account of ill health, been obliged to go to Denver, Col. Q To the courage and good generalship of Strayhorn and Pettiford, the janitors of the Beaver Building, belongs the credit of saving 300 lives from water and from fire during the recent catastrophe at Dayton, O. As the floods approached this structure, which had been built on ground reclaimed STRAYHORN AND PETTIFORD ALONG THE COLOR LINE THE BEAVER from the river, the janitors hastily threw rope bridges across to adjacent buildings too weak to withstand the flames and water and, at great peril to their own lives, effected the rescue of every person who floated within their reach. The ground floor of the Beaver Building had been gutted by the water, but on each of the upper floors men were stationed to guard against the combustion of inflammable material. Colored guards were appointed to protect the quarters assigned to women and children and to keep the excited and hungry foreigners in control. For three days the refugees were fed on bananas, syrup and candies from a factory within the building. The fourth day brought food and rescuing parties from without. Strayhorn and Pettiford then began to shovel mud from their boilers in the basement. Theirs was the first building to hang up the sign "Open for Business." SI " A reward for honesty" is the inscription on a diamond-studded signet ring which has been presented to August T. Norman, a Negro boy, who found a $450 gold mesh jeweled bag containing $50, and returned it to its owner. SI Hamilton A. Williams, a former soldier of the 9th Cavalry, passed the examination with an average of 95 per cent., and has been appointed a foreman at the navy yard at Charlestown, Mass. BUILDING. SI Mrs. Florence Charlton-Young has passed the New York City civil-service examination with a high average and has been appointed a stenographer in the department of labor. SI Maxwell, a colored boy, is manager and plays second base on the Lincoln High School team at St. Paul, Minn. SI Prof. George M. Lightfoot, of Howard University, is the author of a paper on the classics in the Classical Weekly, of New York. SI Major Pi. R. Jackson, of Chicago, has won the disputed seat in the lower house of the Illinois legislature. SI The superintendent of schools at Cincinnati has sent to all the schools of the city a little colored girl's answer to the question, "What I can and will do to make Cincinnati a better and bigger city." Marian Carr's answer was: "I love my city as I love my garden, and in my chosen occupation in life I shall not be content to reach the topmost rung alone, but shall try to lift others as I climb, and feel that this will help to make Cincinnati a bigger and better city." SI The monument to Carl Schurz on Morning-side Heights, New York City, was dedicated on May 10.' SI It is reported that Representative Heflin, of Alabama, has accepted an invitation to 68 THE CRISIS make the principal address at the joint half-centennial celebration of Federal and Confederate veterans at Gettysburg next month. Heflin's contribution to the peace of the country is his advocacy of "Jim Crow" cars for Washington. D. C. He won special distinction two years ago by firing at a Negro passenger who, he thought, was not quite respectful enough to white people in public conveyances. A white man was wounded. The Negxo was unhurt. 1 Mr. J. A. Mercier, a millionaire financier of New Orleans, died recently. "M. Mercier was a Negro," says L'Ami des Noirs, the staunch friend of colored folk, published by the Canadian missionaries at Palmetto, La., "but the newspapers have been very careful to conceal the fact. On the other hand, in the same paper which announced the news of his death, they did not fail to credit this persecuted race with all the crimes, real or imaginary, committed in the preceding twenty-four hours in Louisiana or Mississippi, Florida or Arkansas. This is the justice of "Jim Crow.' " &lt;I Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois has been received with great ovations everywhere in the West. Some of the Negro newspapers have published "Du Bois Editions." CRIME. NEGROES have been flogged by a mob in Rochelle, Ga., for alleged complicity in the intimidation of a white farmer by Enoch McElmore, also white and a friend of this farmer, who had had some difficulty with him. At Florence, S. C., two policemen prevented a mob of 200 from lynching a Negro. Lynchings are expected at Louisville, Ga., and at Hampton, S. C, in each case for the murder of white men. At New Orleans, La., at Augusta, Ga., and in other places Negroes have been shot by policemen. ^ W. G. Baldwin, a white man of Wilmington, N. C , has been sentenced to three years in the State penitentiary for shooting a colored woman and necessitating the amputation of one of her legs. *I The colored people of Louisville, Ky., are prosecuting a married white man for the abuse of a young colored girl in his employ. *J Mullins McDowell, aged 11, and Arnie Ruth, aged 13, members of a gang of youthful white outlaws, have been indicted for the murder of Lindsay Smith, a Negro, of Raleigh, N. C. &lt;I Two Negroes saved a white man from rough treatment at the hands of Negroes after having assaulted a colored girl at Wadesboro, N. C: Nellie Busch, a 14-year-old white girl of Kansas City, spent $5 which her parents had given her to pay a gas bill in treating a friend to candy. The children then rolled in the mud, tore their clothes and ran down an alley, screaming that they had been attacked by a Negro. The girls later confessed that they had lied in order to save Nellie from punishment. &lt;I At Bolton, Vt., a Negro youth was drowned by a party of white workmen who had accused him of stealing their lunch. Kennison, one of the men, reported the tragedy, saying that they had driven the Negro, protesting his innocence, into the whirlpool in a spirit of playfulness. COURTS. A JURY at Louisville, Ky., have acquitted Richard Dancy, a Negro, of the charge of murder of Robert B. Fontelroy, a white man. •I Halbert Grant, a Negro pianist, and his white wife, were released from custody after having been arrested in Minneapolis on a false charge of violation of the Mann act. They had been married a number of years and had lived respectably in Detroit. &lt;J Nine Negroes have been awarded damages of $10 each against the Galveston, Harrisburg and San Antonio Railroad Company for having refused to allow them to board one of its passenger trains. *I At Birmingham, Ala., a criminal court dismissed a charge of vagrancy against Annie Williams, a Negro woman, and administered a severe rebuke to the white man, McWilliams, who had brought the charge. McWilliams had to pay the costs. ^ A Mississippi court has awarded a judgment for $300 against the Yazoo and Mississippi Valley Railroad to Pope Swint, a Negro, for discomfort on an excursion train. •J A jury at Portland, Ore., awarded $20,000 to John Matthews, a Negro, for ALONG THE COLOR LINE personal injuries caused by the Oregon Independent Paving Company. The company will appeal. SI Horace R. Cayton, a Negro editor of Seattle, has lost a suit for $15,000 against a restaurant proprietor who asked him not to patronize his place. Superior Judge Ronald upheld the contention of the defense that Cayton had not been deprived of his civil rights. SI The following item appears in the Rail road Record of April 26: "If the decision of the Supreme Court of Mississippi stands, it behooves railway officials to exercise great care as to watchmen employed. In a case at Vicksburg, Miss., a watchman in the employ of the Y. &amp; M. V. shot and killed a Negro. He was tried for murder and acquitted. But the Y. &amp; M. V., when sued for damages by the widow, was penalized a large sum. 'Not that the watchman was hired to kill men, but he was working for the railroad and acting within the scope of his authority when he fired the shot,' said the chief justice in the decision." MEETINGS. A T Muskogee, Okla., the National Baptist Sunday School Congress meets June 4. SI Dr. Burt G. Wilder delivered an address on the Massachusetts 55th in the Civil War before the teachers of the colored schools of Washington at the M Street high school. Dr. Wilder was surgeon of the 55th. SI The emancipation proclamation commission of Pennsylvania announces: "There will be, in connection with the exposition, a religious congress, an educational congress and a sociological congress, each of which is in the hands of able men. "The commission also offers the following prizes: "Prize for the best emancipation ode, $50. "Prize for the best drama,, three acts or more, entitled 'Fifty Years of Freedom,' $50. "Prize for the best emancipation hymn, set to music, $50. "The committee is making accommodations for the entertainment of strangers." SI The Mississippi valley conference of woman's suffrage admitted a Negro delegate, Mrs. Victoria Haley, despite the protests of the management of the hotel where the sessions were being held. SI Several colored delegates attended the Southern Sociological Congress at Atlanta, notably Dr. C. V. Roman, of Nashville. The following are some of the addresses bearing on the Negro problem: "The White Man's Task in the Uplift of the Negro," Dr. A. J. Barton, Waco, Tex. "The Efficiency Test in Negro Progress," Miss Julia Lathrop, Washington, D. C. "The Demand for Co-operation Between the White and Negro Churches in Efforts for Social Betterment," Dr. J. E. White, Atlanta, Ga. "Publicity in Social Work," H. W. Steele, Baltimore, Md. "The Work of the Southern Commission on the Race Problem," Prof. C. H. Brough, University of Arkansas. "The Economic Status of the Negro," Prof. W.	 M. Hunley, University of Virginia. "The Negro Working Out His Own Salvation," Prof. E. C. Branson, Athens, Ga. "Rural Education and Social Efficiency," Jackson Davis, Richmond. "The Negro as a Farmer," Dr. J. H. De-Loach, University of Georgia. "Land Ownership and Efficiency of Negro Farmers," T. C. Walker, Glocester, Va. "The Religious Condition of the Negro," C.	 T. Walker, Augusta, Ga. "Open Church Work for the Negro," Rev. John Little, Louisville, Ky. "Desirable Civic Reforms in the Treat ment of the Negro," Prof. W. O. Scroggs, University of Louisiana. "The Jeanes and Slater Funds and What They Are Accomplishing," Dr. J. H. Dillard, New Orleans, La. "The Prevalence of Contagious and Infectious Diseases Among Negroes and the Necessity of Preventive Measures," Dr. Geo. W. Hubbard, Nashville, Tenn.' "Problems of Race Adjustment," Prof. James M. Farr, University of Florida. "The Social and Hygienic Conditions of the Negro and Needed Reforms," Prof. Josiah Morse, University of South Carolina. "How to Enlist Welfare Agencies of the South for the Improvement of Civic Conditions Among Negroes," Dr. W. D. Weather-ford, Nashville, Tenn. "The White Man's Debt to the Negro," Mrs. J. D. Hammond, Augusta, Ga. "Racial Self-respect and Racial Antagonism," Dr. C. V. Roman, Nashville, Tenn. 70 THE &lt;J The 13Sth annual meeting of the Pennsylvania Society for the Abolition of Slavery, the Relief of Free Negroes Unlawfully Held in Bondage and the Improvement of the Condition of the African Race was held in Philadelphia. The society is at present looking after the educational and moral development of the colored race in Philadelphia by supporting the Spring Street Settlement. 1223-1225 Spring Street, a neighborhood work under the superintendency of Ellwood Heacock, secretary of the society. In an appeal the society is asking for $10,000 to make some much-needed improvements. MUSIC AND ART. 'T'H E Xegro melodies sung by Miss Eleanor Hazzard Peacock, an American soprano, at a recital at Bechstein Hall in London, have elicited much praise from the English critics. As to the selections for the music events at Chautauqua. X. Y., this summer, the musical director writes: "This being both the Wagner and Verdi centennial year, I am anxious to give them both prominence on the progTam. I wish also to give a work of Coleridge-Taylor's, whose untimely sudden death a short time ago • robbed the world of a great genius. Other works to be given are: 'Bonbon Suite,' Coleridge-Taylor; 'Golden Legend.' Sullivan; 'The Messiah,' Handel." *I At the closing concert, on April 17. of the Cecilia Society, of Boston, Mass. (Dr. Arthur M. Mees, conductor), Palestrina's "Tenebrae Faetae Sunt" was sung in memory of the late William Apthorp, musician and music critic, while the ''Death of Minnehaha,"' after Longfellow, was given as a memorial tribute to its composer, the late lamented Afro-American musician. Q "A Georgia Lullaby," "Lindy," "You'll Get Dar in de Morning'' and "A Spirit Flower" were the Xegro songs in a costume recital of characteristic international melodies given in Syracuse, X. Y., by two American artists—Paul Dufault and Mrs. Proctor C. Welsh. q The Misses Turner, of Georgia, and Barbee, of Kentucky, have given an entertainment, consisting of unpublished and little-known Xegro melodies and Southern stories, at the Toy Theatre, Boston. Mass. CRISIS «J Mr. Sidney Woodward, tenor, has established a studio in Atlanta, Ga., and also conducts classes in vocal instruction at Clark University. q Mrs. Maud Cuney Hare, pianist, and Mr. William H. Richardson, baritone, of Boston, have returned from an extended southwestern tour, where they were engaged in lecture recitals. The program of the lecture recitals by Mrs. Hare gave a general and historical survey of Xegro music, from the folk music of Africa and America to the achievements of the present-day musicians of color. Burleigh, Charlton, Cook, Johnson and the late Coleridge-Taylor were among the composers represented. Mr. Richardson was praised for the beauty and range of his voice, the distinctness of his diction and the art of his presentation. q "Hiawatha" was rendered by the Mozart Society of Fisk University, by the white Choral Society of Harrisburg, Pa., and by other organizations. *I An "all-star" program of Coleridge-Taylor music was rendered in the Metropolitan A. M. E. Church at Washington, D. C. The proceeds of the concert will be forwarded to the widow of the composer. q At Western University, Kansas City, Kan., students of Virgil have presented a dramatic program based on the JEneid. THE GHETTO. Mr. MOORFIELD STOREY and a •*• * majority of the Massachusetts local council of the American Bar Association are conducting a campaign for the repeal of the resolution looking toward the prohibition of colored membership which was surreptitiously introduced and unconstitutionally passed at the association's convention in Milwaukee last August. Meantime the existing colored members are urged not to resign. q Colored girls employed in the Bureau of Engraving and Printing are protesting against an order of Director Ralph requiring them to sit at separate tables in the lunchroom. q Richard Cain, "a hard-working, honest Xegro, a splendid horseshoer," left his home in Allendale, S. C , and found employment at Dublin, Ga. The police of this place say they do not know who placed at the door of ALONG THE COLOR LINE Cain's workshop a coffin-shaped box inscribed: "Negro, you will be dead in forty-eight hours if you do not vacate this town. This is your picture if you stay here.— (Signed) Twelve Citizens." «1 The Southern Women's Club, of Chicago, assembled on a hurry call to amend a line in their constitution which read: " A woman of Southern birth." The amended constitution makes membership open only to "A white woman of Southern birth." &lt;I The Harlem Hospital, an institution maintained by the city of New York, has been charged with gross ill treatment and neglect of colored patients. 9 The Levy bill, making is a crime to advertise racial discrimination by signs or printed matter, has become a law jn New York. q Montana prohibits boxing matches between white and colored men. q Nebraska is the only State to yield to the recent wave of "Jim Crow" legislation by declaring its preference for concubinage instead of marriage between whites and Negroes, Japanese or Chinese. An amendment to the original bill excludes Indians from the provisions of the law. Illinois is perhaps awaiting the result of the Jack Johnson case to decide on the pending marriage law. q The full-crew bill was passed in Oklahoma, but, largely due to the efforts of the Illinois Protective League and the Chicago branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, it was defeated in Illinois. The separate-ear law was also defeated in this State. q At St. John's Church, Washington, D. C, two ladies, one a stranger in the city, went to attend a service on Good Friday. The usher told them to go to the mission main tained by this church for Negroes. The rector, Rev. Roland Cotton Smith, writes .to Mr. James C. Waters: "I regret to say that the incident took place. But there is no rule empowering such an act, and I shall do everything in my power to prevent it ever happening again." q In a case defended by W . Ashbie Hawkins, Esq., Judge Elliott, of Baltimore, has declared the segregation law incapable o f enforcement. q The Norfolk, Va., police court has to decide whether a drug store owned by white people can be opened in a segregated Negro district. "If we are not mistaken," says a local colored paper, "a member of the council, who is identified with the Hebrew element of our population, was the chief exponent of the segregation law when it was in its inception. As most of the merchants who would be affected, if the law is enforced, are of the Hebrew race, this short-sighted politician can now see how he has allowed personal ambition, commercial greed and petty jealousy to inflict a severe hardship upon his brethren, who are entirely the unwilling and innocent victims of his political genius." q A Jewish student led the affirmative and, by a vote of 61 to 41, won a debate as to whether a colored man and woman should be included in the picture of the graduating class at Loyola Medical College, Chicago. q Mr. Richard J. Cope, a white man, has been asked to move out of a home which he recently purchased in the exclusive residence district of Gresham at Chicago. Mrs. Cope is colored. "Dark threats of a mysterious something that is going to happen if the colored people do not move are going the rounds of Gresham. Meanwhile the' offending family is sitting quietly by, doing and saying nothing." *I Negroes of Dallas, Tex., have asked the municipal commission to relieve black folk from the nuisance of smoking, which is now permitted just in front of the seats assigned to colored people in street cars. q The colored people are allowed to use the tennis court in Cherokee and Iroquois Parks at Louisville, Ky. q The North Washington Citizens' Association of Washington, D. C, at its last meeting adopted resolutions that no member should sell or rent property to colored persons unless forced to do so by virtue of the fact that the adjacent property was already occupied by colored tenants; and, further, that they should not deal with any real-estate agent who tried to place colored persons in their neighborhood. It is especially stated that the association is not actuated by race prejudice, but solely by economic considerations. MEN OF THE MONTH A FIGHTING PREACHER. T N the passing of William B. Derrick a creditably and deservingly conspicuous figure has been removed from the public life of Negro America. THE LATE WILLIAM B. DERRICK. Bom at Antigua, West Indies, in 1S43, this son of the tropics early sought room for the exercise of his talents in a larger field. England was only increased insularity to him. however, so he came to the United States, enlisted in the navy and served with distinction during the Civil War. Shortly after the close of this conflict he became a minister, and in 1806 was elected bishop of the A. M. E. Church. During all these years, however. Bishop Derrick found time to occupy a leading position as a Republican politician, and as such he was, perhaps, more influential than as a clergyman. He had the esteem of Blaine and Harrison and MeKinley, and he was regarded by the colored people as one of their chief spokesmen. Bishop Derrick's attractive personality and oratorical ability won for him much consideration in England, to which country he made several visits after his episcopal consecration, and to his efforts are due the growth of the A. M. E. Church in the West Indies and South America. A CENTENARIAN. F the same calling, but of gentler mold and less renown than Bishop Derrick, THE LATE WILLIS ALBERT JONES. MEN OF THE MONTH was the late Willis Albert Jones, who had rounded out nearly a century when he died at Athens, Ga., March 3. He was born at Milledgeville, Ga., February 28, 1814. m A GOOD MIXER. "'THERE is no reason why a black man or a yellow man or a citizen of any other color should be debarred from holding a seat on the school board. Nor can it be denied that it is only fair that the Negro JAMES E. BOURNE. should have some representation on the school board, since a large number of Negro teachers and Negro children are subject to the local school system." Mr. James F. Bourne is the NegTo referred to in the above editorial opinion from the Atlantic City Gazette. Mr. Bourne is a successful druggist, a taxpayer and a useful citizen, but the school board of Atlantic City refused to honor his appointment by Mayor Bacharach last July. They appealed, without success, to the State board of education and they exhausted every Latin phrase in the legal vocabulary in the effort to get the courts to prevent a colored man from sitting with them. They have failed. The Supreme Court of the State has given Mr. Bourne his seat and the costs. AN ENGINEER. WHE Na colored man finds 'that his job is worth his life in the South he usually leaves the job and takes his life northward. As a rule, the farther North he gets his life is nominally more secure, but as to a job, without which he can have no life, he cannot even have a "look in," if his job, his life, means working side by side with white men in some factory. Mr. George W . Brown has managed to take the horns of this dilemma without being hurt. Born forty-five years ago in North Carolina, he became a foreman machinist. His undermen told him to leave. He went to Baltimore, where he got a place as engineer in charge of a force of 760 white men—from Europe. Finding that he and GEORGE W. BROWN. his family could not be admitted to the amusement parks and summer resorts, open alike to his employers and his undermen, he entered into partnership with Mr. Walter R. Langley for the development of a cooling place for colored people only, profits and expenses alike. They started with $300. Their property, including a steamboat with a capacity of 1,000, is now valued at $50,000. Opinion ORIENTALS ^ representative from Miss issippi was the first and only member of CongTess to offer, in an address before the legislature, to lay down his life for the purity of the white race and the reservation of the lands of California for white men, although a Senator from the same State had previously informed newspaper reporters that he found it "very gratifying to observe the stand taken by the people of California on the question of alien land ownership." This brilliant champion of the white race, he who rode into a seat in the Senate at the tail end of twenty span of white oxen and hopes to achieve a place among the immortals by restoring his country to the pristine glory and whiteness of its franchise, presents the following example of his oratorical gifts: "While I have no feeling of hostility toward the Japanese of the Negro, I am deeply interested in maintaining the purity of the Caucasian race and the preservation of Anglo-Saxon civilization. If to prohibit the Japanese from leasing and holding land in California would lose the friendship and interfere with our business intercourse with the Japanese people. I should very cheerfully make the sacrifice. I should rather cut off all business relations with the Japanese Empire—yes. I will make it the Orient— than to sacrifice the interests of the white people of that one small section of the State of California. "Race purity is indispensable to Caucasian supremacy. And the only way to maintain that supremacy is to prohibit by law the co-mingling of the races. It has been well said: 'It is idle to talk of education and civilization and the like as corrective or compensative agencies. All are weak and beggarly as over against the almightiness of heredity, the omnipotence of the transmitted germplasm. Let this be amerced of its ancient rights, let it be shorn in some measure of its exceeding weight of ancestral glory, let it be soiled in its millennial purity and integrity, and nothing shall ever restore it; neither wealth, nor culture, nor science, nor art, nor morality, nor religion—and even Christianity itself.' " But both these gentlemen seem to have had little cause for their fulminations. The representative felt that Japan had no right to compel the United States to permit landholding by "non-resident aliens." The gentleman was misinformed, as gentlemen from Mississippi are wont to be in matters concerning inferior races. According to President David Starr Jordan, of Leland Stanford University, "the bulk of alien ownership in California is British," while the few . Japanese who own land in California are very much on the spot, in their little patches of strawberries and potatoes. The opinion of this eminent authority is strikingly similar to that of a correspondent of the forum in the New York World: "California's principal objection to the Japanese seems to be that they can produce valuable crops out of ground that the white man discards. Then, too, they have brought to this country no Mafia, no white slavery, no arson trust, nor have they learned to hold up trains in true Western style. In pauperism, insanity and crime they have failed to meet the costly test of the superior race, and they are bold enough to go to school at an age when white people frequent the saloon and the moving-picture show. All of which goes to prove that they lower the standard of living wherever they go. "If I could couple my brown man's sense with a white man's skin I should seek to emulate the marvelous achievements of the yellow man in intensive cultivation.should learn to live where other people OPINION starved. I should welcome as my neighbors a picked lot of peaceful, industrious, intelligent people in preference to hordes of good, bad and indifferent strangers whose only recommendation was their color. But if I had a white skin I might have the sense of Blease and Johnson—Hiram, not Jack." Apart from the politicians and political newspaper writers, the people of the South, and of the country at large, have regarded the whole California turmoil as rather much of a tempest in a teapot. The typical attitude of thinking people is thus expressed by the Memphis Commercial Appeal: "The tongue of Congressman Sisson and the pen of John Temple Graves are strong for war. "Of course Mr. Sisson doesn't find it neces sary to be thoroughly acquainted with the details of all the treaties between the United States and Japan and the other features of the Japanese question. "The Jap is a little off color and Mr. Sisson is for war at any price. "More people are returning from California to Japan every year than come. There are not now more than 30,000 Japanese in the State of California. "The California people sell land to the Japs. Mr. Sisson ought to advocate lynching for any California white man who sells his land to Japanese. "There are problems in Mississippi and other States of the South which may not afford as much opportunity for oratory as the Japanese question, but if Mr. Sisson and other members of Congress from these parts would study those problems and try to bring about their solution, they might begin to earn the $7,500 a year salary that they get." One held for new efforts of SUPERIOR _ • j-i l u Congressmen is disclosed by CIVILIZATION. &amp; , . ,. a recent investigation ot a convict camp in Mississippi which was conducted by a committee appointed by the Green County prison board. Miss Ada L. Roussan, a member of the committee, writes editorally in her paper, the Osceola Times, of one feature of the civilization which Vardaman is striving to preserve: " A short while ago a man and his wife, white people, and strangers, lived on the river. The man became sick, they were without money, food or medicine. The man owned a pistol; the wife brought it to Osceola to try to pawn it. She failed, was arrested for carrying a pistol, tried, found guilty, had no money to pay her fine, and was sent to the convict farm to work it out. She was a clean, decent-looking young woman, about 25 years old. Her husband was arrested also and put in jail. He was sick and Dr. Dunavant attended him. When he was well enough he was given a trial and discharged. He went down to the farm and helped his wife work out her fine. "While at work the woman in some way provoked the anger of the people in charge and she was cruelly beaten with a strap. As soon as these unfortunate people could work out the woman's fine they came to Osceola. At their request Dr. Dunavant examined the woman's body and he testifies that she was covered with black stripes two inches wide where the lash had been laid across the tender flesh of her body with the brute force of a fiendish nature. "Comment is unnecessary. "This case will come before the courts, but there are other cases where the woman's skin was black that will forever remain untold except in muttered groans and curses." Part of the committee's report follows: "We make no attempt to convey to you our individual opinion, or elaborate in this report, contenting ourselves with the relation of the absolute facts. "There were no clothes, shoes or wearing apparel of any kind in the commissary. The food supplies on hand consisted of a few cans of baking powder, a few packages of soda and a few sacks of salt. This constituted all of the food supplies that were visible or could be located by the committee. We were informed that there was absolutely nothing to eat on the place and that a guard by the name of Stuffel had gone to town for food supplies. "Next we proceeded to visit the stockade. Upon reaching same Bomar informed us that Stuffel had the keys with him and that he could not let us in. W e let him know that we were content to wait and proceed to inspect unoccupied quarters, and quarters occupied by the women and trusties that were open. Messrs. Grooms, Spurgin and Adams visited the women's quarters first. W e found one bed and one cot. The mattress on the bed was torn and filthy, and we were warned that the handling of the bed clothes would THE CRISIS get us lousy. In addition to the mattress the bed clothing consisted of two dirty comforts. The bed clothing for the cot consisted of a dirty comfort and some old ragged, filthy women's garments. This room in which these sleeping outfits are located is 16x30 feet, with one small window. At present a white woman and a Negro woman occupy this room. There was absolutely no sanitary provision. "We next visited what we were informed was the Negro quarters. It was a room 16x30 feet, containing nine double bunks, three rows high, strung out three in a row. The bunks measure 6V2x4 feet. The room has three air holes a foot square. The high water had recently been in this room, and it was so filthy that it was impossible for us to even guess its natural state. Mr. Wilcockson was seated in an old bateau talking to Bomar at the foot of the stairs when we completed this partial investigation. Bomar was telling Mr. Wilcocksbn about the early history of that section of the country and of the Wilson family, and of the days when he earned his living as a 'highly esteemed bootlegger' of that community. He stated he had made lots of money while he was a bootlegger. He would take a barrel of whiskey to a Negro picnic and would always clear $100. He stated that he had a cousin, who was a magistrate, and he would whack up with him and that the sheriff would fix it for him any time he got caught. He stated he was indicted on a number of times, but always managed to pull through all right. "We had waited about two hours for the guard to return. Bomar had suggested many times that we go over to his house and sit down and rest in chairs, but part of the committee remained on the steps of the stockade so as to prevent any lightning changes. At last Bomar himself started to the house. Arriving at the house Bomar suddenly discovered the keys in his pocket, which weighed about a pound, and made his way back to the prison. He called a dago guard, who is also a convict, to bring him the pistol. The guard brought the pistol and all together we entered the stockade with the exception of the dago guard, who stood on the outside with the pistol in his hand. "Again there was absolutely no sanitary provision. The foul smell was something terrible. There were three white men and fifteen Negroes lying about on the floor on dirty, filthy and lousy mattresses. They had for cover dirty, filthy lousy comforts, and in some cases ducking. They had their clothes open, and were very busy killing-lice. They were the poorest-clad set of men that we have even seen in our lives. Their shoes were all to pieces, no socks, and a prisoner that wore a top shirt had no undershirt and vice versa. The breakfast utensils were in the room. They had eaten breakfast, as we are told is the custom, over these tubs. The utensils consisted of two one-gallon cans, the bottoms of which were covered with coffee grounds, and one ordinary iron cooking pot, the bottom of which was covered with burnt corn meal. There were no cups, plates, knives or forks, or tinware for eating purposes of any kind in evidence. "These alone constituted the vessel in which these men had been served their corn meal and coffee breakfast. There was no place to wash and no drinking water provided. We know of our own personal observation that Bomar is permitting convicts to guard the prisoners, which is a violation of the law. "The place is so unsanitary and so totally unfit for the housing of humanity that one would have to see for himself to appreciate the deplorable condition of the convicts in this institution. W e admit our inability to describe it adequately. The stockade could not be made sanitary. It is absolutely impossible. The ventilation is the worst this committee, individually or collectively, have ever met with. W e do not believe that Bomar, a self-confessed violator of the law, is the proper person to have charge of any prisoner, no matter what crime he is charged with. W e are united in our opinion that the contract with this institution should be abrogated and that the law should be applied in Bomar's case. "This spot is so disgraceful that it is impossible for a human being to conceive of its unfitness without a personal visit. After meeting Bomar and viewing the condition of the men confined in this institution and the manner on conducting same, we are of the opinion that anyone with the same evidence would be justified in believing any tale of cruelties or improper treatment that concerns the methods in vogue on this farm, no matter how inhuman the tale apparently seems to OPINION be. Sheriff Grooms, of the committee, was so thoroughly disgusted with the farm and Bomar that he brought the remaining Greene County prisoner back to Paragould with him." And yet the Banner of Anglo-Saxon civilization whose folds come from a printing press at Athens, the seat of the University of Georgia, declares that the abolition of the convict-lease system would overrun Southern communities with Negro criminals. The same journal cannot refrain from expressing a sigh of regret at the decrease in the number of lynchings, although not one of the thirteen men murdered by mobs in the first quarter of 1913 was charged with the unusual crime: ''Should this crime ever show an increase we should look for ah increase in the number of lynchings, for almost invariably such will be the case." THE AMERICAN CRIME The press in general has shown less reserve in its thanksgiving on the decrease of the American crime. Most of the Southern organs frankly admit that lynching cannot be justified by attacks on women or for any cause whatever. The Southern Sociological Congress has expressed its opinion that this crime only aggravates crime, that it fails entirely to have any salutary effect on criminal classes of Negroes, and that so long as it is defended and condoned by responsible persons Negroes will not believe that it is possible to obtain justice at the hands of white men. In Pennsylvania, for instance, Negro lawyers and white sympathizers are making efforts to set aside Governor Tener's extradition papers in the case of a Negro who is accused of murder in South Carolina, on the ground that recent utterances of the governor of that State indicate that the man would not be accorded a fair trial. Following close upon this case, the newspapers have described with epic admiration and dramatic interest the exploits of a Negro who outwitted hundreds of white men bent on lynching him for the murder of three "prominent citizens" who had attempted to arrest him without warrant. Commenting thereon, the Cincinnati Commercial Tribune says: "It was not so long since that Governor Blease, he of South Carolina, emitted some mighty harsh statements concerning the colored brother within the boundaries of his jurisdiction that caused ire among his confreres at the meeting of the governors of the States at Richmond, Va. "So ill-timed were his remarks on the Negro that publicity was nation-wide. "No doubt it sank deepest in the minds of the very people he stung the most—the American Negro—and, if so, it hit hardest the NegTO of his own State. "From Hampton, that State, comes a news dispatch stating that three citizens were killed when a posse attempted to run to earth a Negro who had been accused of a fiendish crime. "This Negro was not tried, but was assumed to be guilty. He knew that it was his life or the life of those who pursued. "Murder is a terrible thing. The law of self-preservation and self-defense is an old law, even to the time of the holy writ of Moses. "The original crime with which the black was charged was and is not subsidiary to the killing that followed. "Whether he knew from reading or from repetition that comes by word of mouth of the impossibility of securing justice in the shape of a trial, the fact remains that Governor Blease said: 'Hunt him down/ and the criminal forthwith armed himself. "But how about the lives of the three white citizens? "They were doubtless victims of the intemperate utterances of the State executive. This is where Governor Blease comes within the direct line of cause and effect." m ^ Commenting on the action of the Union Pacific Railroad in replacing Japanese and other alien laborers in Wyoming with Negroes, the Railway Record says: "Sooner or later the financial situation of America will come to such a crisis that all over we shall see the need of recognizing those who are just as efficient and spend freely at home. Hurrah for the Union Pacific!" m SI "One reason the South feels as it does toward the Negro is because it is much harder for a man to forgive one whom he has wronged than for the man who has been wronged to forgive."—Moorfield Storey, at the conference of the N. A. A. C. P. EDITORIAL / A BATTLESHIP. ALL the newspapers to-day are filled with the agitation of the Japanese people against certain restrictions and discriminations which the people of California are attempting to make against them. If California ceases to insist on these restrictions it will be because millions of miles away there are a few islands with men of power and, what is more important, with battleships. Now, throughout this country there are ten million people who are striving to make something of themselves against all the prejudices, against all the discriminations, against all the obstacles that eighty other millions of Americans can place in their path, and what have they to oppose to this victorious conquest of prejudice? No distant island to plead for them, no battleship; only one organization of Americans to fight them. The distant battleship of the American Negro is the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, that fights not with bullets and with ammunition, but with the conscience of a people who will and must have justice. J. E. SPINGARN. THE OSTRICH. SOME folks are mental ostriches. We are not referring to their intel lectual digestions, al though there we realize is room for a whole editorial. We are referring now to the method of mind that is able to persuade itself that the unseen is non-existent. An astounding number of people rushing through earth's deserts escape the evil that haunts them by sticking their heads in a hole in the ground and saying insistingly: " I don't believe it, and even if it is true I won't regard it." Now the world is without doubt full of things, incidents, thoughts, men that are best disregarded; that are best unheard, unseen, ignored. But make no mistake, friend of the unseeing eye, for there is evil in the world which may not be ignored and that cannot be escaped by sticking our heads in the ground and closing our eyes. The race situation to-day is not beautiful; although the reasons for hope and encouragement far outweigh the evil, yet he is a fool who ignores that evil or tries to forget its threatening aspect. The first step toward the righting of wrongs is knowledge—illumination. Pace the race problem like men, frankly and carefully, but none the less determinedly. Let your children face it. Don't seek to sneak away from the evil and forget the poor suffering brothers and sisters who cannot escape, who must work and writhe and fight. Remember that bad as the truth is. it is a little better than the apprehension: and devilish as the situation in certain parts of the South is. it is just a little better than the Negro in the North pictures it —particularly in that part of the North which wishes to hide its head. There is absolutely nothing in the race problem to-day which is insoluble by peaceful human endeavor. The world EDITORIAL 79 has cured worse ill than it faces to-day, THE NEXT STEP. and the Negro race has triumphantly survived worse oppression than that which it suffers here and now. Why then hide our discouraged heads? Why seek to escape that which true manhood must know, if it will fight intelligently? All things are bad? Very well; let's first know just how bad they are, and then let's make them better. Social reform without knowledge is futile. Knowledge without attempted betterment is criminal. The complacency of the donkey is •	 annoying, but the cowardice of the ostrich is dangerous. • THE DEMOCRATS. THE Democratic party has been in power three months and the colored population is still free. Only one Negro official has been summarily, and rather rudely, dismissed from office and no "Jim Crow" legislation seems in immediate sight. On the contrary, every single bill for the prostitution of colored women introduced into a half dozen different legislatures has so far been either defeated or postponed, and this by the help of Democrats as well as men of other parties. Thus the situation is not discouraging. Of course, the real trouble is that President Wilson may not realize the danger points of the Negr 6 problem and may continue to think that the Tariff and Corporate control and China are the only pressing questions in National politics. TH E CRISI S is here to emphasize the fact that Lynching, Disfranchisement, Peonage and Discrimination in Civil Rights are just as large and in many respects larger questions, and that no party that ignores these questions can long retain control of the government. Does this sound like an overstatement ? It is not. HE vicious attempts to degrade colored women in Washington, Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Wisconsin, Ohio, Pennsylvania, New York and the District of Columbia have been killed by the defeat of the intermarriage bills. But let no Negro be deceived. This is but the first step 'and the Negro haters may congratulate themselves on the good showing made in the North. They will hasten to try again. For this we must be prepared. Do not let the organized effort so well shown be lost. Make the organization perma-• nent. Make it a branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People if possible. Then proceed to systematic work. Get the records of the men who introduced these bills and supported them. Find out their future intentions. If they propose to persist, go to the party leaders. Put the argument strongly before them. If they cannot dissuade the men from their purpose, then make every effort to defeat them at the primaries.Do not wait for elections, but defeat them at the primary elections. If the vicious, promoters of race hatred succeed in being nominated, then use every effort to defeat them. No matter what parties they belong to, it is our duty to vote for the opposite party. Here then is two years' work for an organization. Only in this way can we win our battle. Will you do it? You will, if you love this land, for the greatest menace to the well-being of 'the- United States lies in the fact that there are ten millions of people in this country who can be treated in certain unreasonable and uncivilized ways without arousing in the minds of the mass of the people of the United States any thought of protest. AMERICAN LOGIC. THIS MAN is not responsible for THIS MAN even if they do belong to the same race. THIS MAN is responsible for all that THIS MAN does because they belong to the same race. EDITORIAL 81 LOGIC. HE logical end of hatred is murder. Race preju dice is traditional hatred of human beings. Its end is lynching, war and extermination, To say this thus bluntly and bru tally is to invite strong denial. Race prejudice has often been professed by men of highest ideal and motive who would shrink at violence of any kind. But this is because such men are deliberately illogical, and their followers in the long run are not illogical, but carry their leaders' doctrine to the bitter end. For instance, it is said this group of people are inferior to my group. Therefore, they are not en titled to the same, privileges. But sup pose they demand rights beyond their desert; then refuse them; if they keep demanding, silence them by law; if legal means do not keep them in their place, mob law is justifiable. Thus the doctrine of race inferiority runs down to murder. Let us trace it in this country since the war. Negroes, being inferior, ought not to vote, said the reconstruction protesters. The nation, therefore, consented to their disfranchisement with the distinct understanding that all their other rights and privileges were to be preserved. But if a man is not fit to vote why educate him and make him discontented ? Consequently there was a movement against education which was so success ful that to-day there are 2,000,000 Negroes not even enrolled, and practi cally half the Negro children in the land are not being decently trained in . elementary schooling. True, but one will give them good industrial training, make them skilled workmen, so that they can save their money and buy property. No, answers the white workman, they will compete with me and lower my wages. No, cries the white home owner, I don't want Negroes in my block. Very well, says the compromiser, segregate Negroes in a Ghetto. But, answers the Negro, the Ghetto is in the worst part of the city, is unhealthy, ill-cared for, filled with prostitutes whom you segregate with us, and we can't better our condition because we cannot vote. What then is the next step ? Are we not harking right back to slavery? Is there any logical resting place on this downward .path between a theory of inferiority and a theory of mob violence aud extinction? No. The man who begins by saying '' This man is not entitled to equal rights with me," ends by either himself saying or letting others say "Lynch the Nigger.'' The new step which attacks the property of Negroes comes at this time because of the advance of the Negro in economic lines. Let us note this advance in a single State like Virginia with 670,000 Negro inhabitants. The Negroes cultivate 48,114 farms and the value of the farms which they own and rent increased from $24,529,016 in 1900 to $54,748,907 in 1910, or 123 per cent. Or if we would have figures covering simply ownership we find that IN 1891 NEGROES OWNED $12,089,965 IN 1900 NEGROES OWNED 15,856,570 IN 1911 NEGROES OWNED 32,944,336 This astounding advance of over 100 per cent, in property holding in a decade is the real reason for the attack on Negro property rights in Virginia, where three cities have tried to erect Negro Ghettos. What lies beyond if the nation allows this last attack to succeed ? 53 "The ray of hope for justice to Negro in the South is like the shadow of the dawn. We have caught glimpses of it as to indicate to us the morning of our future has not appeared."—Harrisburg, Pa., Advocate Verdict. PLACIDO. (From a drawing in possession of Mr. Arturo Schomburg.) GABRIEL DE LA CONCEPCION VALDES, whose surname comes from the hospital in which he spent the earliest days of his un happy life, was born in Havana in March, 1809. The son of a Spanish dancer and a barber, a free man of color, he was yet too dark to escape the blight of Africa's descent. His mother's temperament and occupation did not permit of her giving much attention to the child of her waywardness, and Placido, as he later called himself, was cared for by his father's mother and given such schooling as was available to persons of color. The early death, in Mexico, of his father was the first severe blow to the checkered career of this man of sorrows, and the boy was compelled to begin the struggle of life as apprentice to a carpenter, then to a printer. He soon abandoned this occupation to acquire and practice with creditable skill the trade of a combmaker, reading the while every book that touched his hand. But his heart was never in this work, for at the age of 11 years he had felt the call of the genius which made him locally the most popular and, abroad, the best known of Cuban poets. But it was not so much the native excellence of the verse of this self-trained singer, not the pompous majesty of his PLACIDO Poet and Martyr By JOSE CLARANA classic phraseology, not the tropical exuberance of his less pretentious efforts that have immortalized the bard of the Yumuri. Placido died a martyr to the cause of humanity, a victim of the curse of slavery, and his dying was a crowning infamy to that most infamous of all institutions, Spanish colonial government. In 1814, the closing year of half a decade, during which, despite the constant importation of slaves, the colored population of Cuba was reduced by 30 per cent., the agents of slavery created what they called a new conspiracy among peaceful and thoroughly terrified colored people. Wholesale execution, with or without nominal trial, confiscation of property, degradation of honorable women, torture and exile were visited upon the freedmen and the slaves, and particularly upon the former. On the 27th of June, Placido, after having undergone several months of imprisonment, was, with a number of other prisoners, shot at Matanzas. Protesting to the last his innocence of any crime save his superiority to his contemporaries, the color of his skin and an occasional invocation to liberty, this truly placid spirit's last message to his wife contained a reflection of his life in the words: "I leave no expressions of remembrance to any. friend, for I know that in this world there are no friends." PLACIDO He had not heard, perhaps, Wordsworth's song of solace to Toussaint L'Ouverture in his death dungeon: "Live, and take comfort; thon lias great allies; Thy friends are exultations, agonies, And love, and man's unconquerable mind." But Placido, like Toussaint, has always lived and given comfort to those who have the ceaseless striving after justice and after a better humanity. Several of' his compositions during his imprisonment have been- rendered into foreign languages. The "Adieu to My Lyre" recalls the touching "Ultimo Adios" of Jose Rizal. who, fifty years after Placido, fell a victim of Spanish misgovernment in the Philippines. The translation of the farewell to his mother included herewith is in the sonorous verse of William Cullen Bryant. It is quite close to the original. Its one defect, however, is that it makes too much of a mater dolorosa of a parent whose love was of too doubtful a character to arouse much concern about the fate of her abandoned son, and whose whereabouts was hardly known to him. Plaeido's dignity compels him to • begin the sonnet with the word Si—"If my sad end shall touch thy heart" is the idea. The translations of a part of the "Prayer," and of the "Hymn to Liberty," which was written on the very morning of the execution, are anonymous. FAREWELL. The appointed lot has come upon me, mother, The mournful ending of my years of ' strife; This changing world I lea"ve and to another In blood and terror goes my spirit's life. But thou, grief-smitten, cease thy mortal weeping And let thy soul her wanted peace regain; I fall for right, and thoughts of thee are sweeping Across my lyre to wake its dying strains. A strain of joy and gladness, free, unfailing, All glorious and holy, pure, divine, And innocent, unconscious as the wailing I uttered on my birth; and I resign Even now, my life; even now descending slowly, Faith's mantle folds me to my slumbers holy. Mother, farewell; God keep thee^and for ever 1 PRAYER. Almighty God! whose goodness knows no bound, To Thee I flee in my severe distress; 0 let Thy potent arm my wrong* nedress, And rend the odious veil by slander wound About my brow. The ba6e world's arm confound, Who on my front would now the seal of shame impress. Thou knowest my heart, 0 God, supremely wise, Thine eye, all-seeing, cannot be deceived; By Thee my inmost soul is clear perceived, As objects gross are through transparent skies By mortal ken. Thy mercy exercise, Lest slander foul exult o'er innocence aggrieved. But if 'tis fixed by the decree divine, That I must bear the pain of guilt and shame, And that my foes this cold and senseless frame Shall rudely treat with scorn and shouts malign; Give Thou the word, and I my breath resign, Obedient to Thy will; blest be Thy holy name. HYMN TO LIBERTY. 0 Liberty! I wait for thee To break this chain and dungeon bar; 1 hear thy spirit calling me Deep in the frozen north, afar, With voice like God's, and visage like a star. Long-cradled by the mountain wind, Thy mates, the eagle and the storm, Arise! and from thy brow unbind The wreath that gives its starry form And smite the strength that would thy grace deform. Yes, Liberty! thy dawning light, Obscured by dungeon bars, shall cast Its splendor on the breaking night, And tyrants, fleeing pale and fast, Shall tremble at thy gaze and stand aghast. Some Officers of The N. A. A. C. P. At the Philadelphia Conference GEORGE W. CRAWFORD. OWEN M. WALLER MARY WHITE OVINGTON. T. W. ALLINSON. FLORENCE KELLEY. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE Photo by Giitekunst. MAYOR RUDOLPH BLANKENBURG. THE CONFERENCE. THE fifth annual conference of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, held in Philadelphia, April 23, 24 and 25, was a complete success. The -weather was perfect and the city gave to the association a hospitable welcome and a respectful hearing. The proceedings were reported correctly and with considerable fulness by the press. The audiences were larger than the association has ever known. At the opening meeting in the Temple Keneseth Israel, which accommodates 2,400 people, the building was almost full, and at the last session in Witherspoon Hall every seat was taken and men were standing. Perhaps next year we shall hold overflow meetings in the streets. WELCOME BY THE MAYOR. The Honorable Rudolph Blankenburg, mayor of Philadelphia, welcomed the conference at its opening meeting. Earnest and impressive in speech, his personality was an inspiration to his audience. He said in his address of welcome: "When I was called upon by Mr. Villard to take part in the proceedings of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People this evening I did not hesi tate one minute, but said I should be glad to be with you. "I have come to extend to the fifth annual conference of the association a hearty wel come on behalf of the city of Philadelphia. We in Philadelphia brag of a good many things and we have reason to do so, but I think we are rather backward in other matters that ought to appeal to us and to which we are not giving the consideration that they deserve. It is a fact that we overlook some 75,000 colored people in the city of Philadelphia and do not consider them the equals of the white people; and they are the equals of the white people if they behave themselves. I have never believed in distinction of race, color or religion. In a republican form of govern ment we ought all to unite upon this one principle: that all men are born free and equal. Don't forget that that includes the women also. This does not mean that we were born with the same ability, but it means that we should be given the privilege, the opportunity, of showing what there is in us. What I want to say to you, my colored friends, what you ought to make the corner stone of your lives, is that you ought to show the white people, ought to show the people TH E CRISIS at large, what there is in you and what you can do. After you have proved that, the battle will be half won." DR. JOSEPH KRAUSKOPF. The mayor was followed by the rabbi in whose synagogue the meeting was held, He was frequently interrupted by applause and an ovation was given him at the close of his speech. Dr. Krauskopf spoke at some length of the persecution to which the Jew had been subjected. "You have met in other cities," he said. "You have gathered in other halls, but J doubt whether your welcome in any hall could have been as profound as it is here Photo by Gutekunst. RABBI JOSEPH KRAUSKOPF. within this temple dedicated to the worship of the One God by the people of Israel. There is no people who can feel as deeply the purpose which has moved you to organize this body as can the Jew. There is no people who can understand its motives as well as we can understand them; and there is no people who can sympathize as deeply with you as we can. There is not a problem of yours that has not been our problem, and that is not in parts of the world our problem to-day. There is no wrong that you have suffered and that you suffer to-day that we have not suffered and that we do not suffer to-day. There is not a restriction or oppression which you know which we do not know and have not known for centuries—for two thousand years and more, while yours are but two centuries and a half. We know the story by heart; we have good reason to know it; we are given little opportunity to forget it." THE SOUTH. Mr. Henry W. Wilbur, of the Society of Friends, made the last speech of the evening. Mr. Wilbur had recently returned from the South and spoke with deep feeling regarding the difficulties confronting the Negro farmer and agricultural laborer. "The place for any growing race," he said, "for any race 'which is in the process of getting its bearings, is the soil. But you will never keep the Southern colored man on the soil because the Southern or the Northern white man wants him there. You will only keep him on the soil when he believes that it is to his economic advantage to stay there; and at the present time it is not in the main to his economic advantage to stay there, for he is crippled from the time he begins until he ends. He has not an economic chance on the soil in the South to-day; and yet without him the South would agriculturally become a desert place. "Now, what are we going to do about it? I have given some serious consideration to this problem. There are certain facts in relation to it which even professional agriculturists do not understand. In the first place, you must remember that the only available cheap agricultural land in this country to-day is in the South. The cheap lands of the Middle West have risen in value, have already been overcrowded, and are not in the market for the homesteader or the man of limited means. But there are thousands and thousands of acres of land in the South that are available at prices from $1 to $20 an acre, and these lands should be bought up at once in blocks by responsible, interested, sympathetic men and held, to be sold at cost on reasonable terms to Southern colored agriculturists. That is the proposition before the earnest business man with philanthropic tendencies to-day. "I have said to you that the present time is not a prosperous one for the Negro in regard to land. That is true touching the masses. It is not true touching the educated colored man of the South. In spite of the drain of paying from 15 to 20 per cent, interest on borrowed money, in spite of the danger of the jail staring him in the face if he fails to meet his payments, in spite of all that, in every community of the South THE N. A. A. C. P. where I was there are colored men who have paid for their farms, paying- these enormous rates of interest, and in spite of all the world, making good." WORK AND WAGES. So the conference began and it continued to be interesting and instructive to the end. The second day was devoted to a discussion of the struggle for land and property and a discussion opened by Mr. Wilbur the previous evening and to the problem of work and wages. The afternoon meeting was held in the Central Congregational Church, the Rev. Sydney Herbert Cox, minister of the church, presiding. President John Hope, of Atlanta Baptist College, gave an able talk. He showed how severe is the struggle to acquire laud and how it demands overmuch from the family and cripples the children. He quoted cases in which children were taken early from school and deprived of an education in order that they might assist their fathers to obtain small, sometimes pathetically poor, farms. While the struggle for land continues to be so severe he felt the exodus of the Negro to the city unavoidable. Mr. John Mitchell, Jr., president of the Mechanics' Bank of Richmond, described conditions of struggle and success that his important business position brought daily to his notice. Mr. W . Ashbie Hawkins spoke upon segregation in Baltimore. In the evening the Race Street Friends' Meeting House was open to the conference, Bishop James S. Caldwell presiding. Professor Spingarn welcomed the gathering. Dr. Du Bois, who, owing to a lecture trip to the Far West, was only able to be present for a few minutes at the opening meeting, had prepared a study by charts of the wages paid to colored people in various occupations. The charts were clearly and interestingly explained by Miss Jessie Fauset. Dr. Mossell described his difficulty as a medical student in the University of Pennsylvania and the discrimination he found when he attempted to do hospital work. To quote his own words: "Thirteen years after I graduated I decided to organize the Douglass Hospital that young colored women who desired to become nurses might have an opportunity for education, that young colored physicians might have hospital advantages, and that the worthy poor might go to an institution where they would feel that they were getting care and attention and were not segregated. Accordingly we organized an institution, the only .one of its kind in the city, where there is no discrimination, where the staff is made up of both races, and where everyone has an equal opportunity." Mrs. A . W . Hunlon described the hopeless struggle that the colored girl or colored woman makes who tries to enter any of the channels of industry where women work in groups. Unable to enter factory or shop, forced, sometimes against her native ability, into the one pursuit open to her—domestic service—she becomes discontented and disheartened. Much of the immorality among young colored girls can be directly traced to their restricted economic opportunity. Mrs. Hunt on also described the successful professional woman. She told of the able colored women stenographers, busy that week in Philadelphia in the Y . W . C. A . campaign, whose work bore favorable comparison with that of the white stenographers. Her beautiful presence and earnest manner, together with her able presentation of facts, marked her speech as an important event of the conference. The meeting closed with a criticism of the white South by a son of the South and an old-time friend of the Northern radical, Mr. Joseph Manning, of Alabama. THE NEW SOUTHERN ATTITUDE. Three prominent white Southerners took part in the conference: Dr. James H. Dillard, Dr. Howard Odum and Mrs. L. H. Hammond. Dr. Dillard needed no introduction to his audience. His able service as administrator of the Jeanes Fund has made him well known to all those interested in the colored people's advancement. He spoke on rural conditions in the South, laying special stress on the unjust system of assessment by which the poor man with his small holding is taxed sometimes three times as much for the same amount of property as is the rich man with his large holding. He believed the land question to be the heart of the economic question and felt that the South must break up its large holdings and secure to the man who tills the soil the right to own the soil which he tills. Indeed, Dr. Dillard gave an able argument for the single tax. 88 THE CRISIS Mr. Odum took as his subject the new Southern attitude and pointed out to his hearers the recent important meetings in the South in which the Negro and his rights have been discussed. He noted the conference for education in the South held at Richmond, and quoted U. S. Commissioner of Education Claxton, a Southern man, who voiced the future Southern platform as one which shall give to all alike, rich or poor, white or black, North or South, equal opportunity to develop the best that is in them. "There is now in session in Atlanta," he went on, "the Southern Sociological Conference, the scope of whose program is an inspiration for optimism. Last year and this these programs devoted more time and more sections to the consideration of the Negro problem than to any other topic. Its speakers were selected from many States and activities. "There are also fellowships in the Southern white colleges and universities devoted to the study of aonditions among the Negroes in the South and to the impartial presentation of facts through publication and platform. "Another important sign of the times is the growing attitude of the great mass of Southern college and university students to look upon the question with fairmindedness, frankness and even enthusiasm, and a similar inclination to belittle the demagogue and the politician who attempt to make capital of race prejudice. "One of the great difficulties in the way of promoting wholesome public sentiment is the factor of yellow journalism. A hopeful sign of the times is the policy of certain good Southern newspapers which advocate and practise fair representation and justice to the Negroes. One of the most eloquent appeals for the awakening of social consciousness and one of the most stinging rebukes of low principles that I have ever read was recently printed on the editorial page of a leading Southern newspaper. The subject of the story was a Negro child. "The great progress of the Negroes, their increased land ownership, will exert a profound influence upon the new attitude of the South." Mr. Odum concluded with a cordial invitation to the association and to others to join with the South in the formation of its new attitude and in the solution of its difficulties. The third Southerner to speak at the conference, Mrs. Hammond, is, with her husband, at the head of an important educational work for Negro girls, Payne Memorial College, at Augusta, Ga. This school is supported entirely by white people in the South. Mrs. Hammond told of the new Southern attitude as exemplified in the American Missionary Association, South, which assists in the support of her school. She read from resolutions passed at one of their meetings in which they deplored mob violence, protested against lynching, and pledged themselves to help those whose environment leads them to commit crime. Mrs. Hammond urged the North not to be impatient with the South for its tardiness in understanding its social responsibility. "W e are children in this respect," she said, "and perhaps you are not quite gTown up; but we will call you the big brother, and big brothers, you know, are apt to be impatient with the younger ones of the household." She told of the investigation into conditions undertaken from Payne College and of the insistence that facts regarding the Negro's housing, education and environment be placed side by side with the facts regarding the white. "We are training the people to see white and colored side by side, and to see the relation of the one to the other. W e have looked at the Negro formerly as one looks at a single piece from a picture puzzle; viewed this way, out of his setting, he was neither appreciated nor understood." Mrs. Hammond had the complete sympathy of her audience. Everyone felt her kindness and her sincerity. The last meeting, held in Witherspoon Hall, was an impassioned presentation of the new abolition movement. The staunch, uncompromising friend of the Negro, Mr. John E. Milholland, presided and Mr. Oswald Garrison Villard, Justice Wendell Phillips Stafford and Senator Moses E. Clapp, of Minnesota, were the speakers. Each speaker stood uncompromisingly for the full manhood rights of the Negro in America. The enthusiasm of the audience was an inspiration to each speaker. The Senator from Minnesota declared that we must make the citizenship of the Negro, which to-day in many States is a citizenship only in form, a citizenship in fact. The Negro question, he said, must be conceived as a moral question and answered accordingly. The Senator here put THE N. A. A. C. P. in a word for woman's suffrage, remarking that the United States failed to get help of the mightiest moral force in the country-— American womanhood. Mr. Milholland announced to the meeting the endorsement of the members in executive session of the principle of Federal aid to education and assured the audience that active work was under way already at Washington. Mr. Villard's review of the association's work was listened to with deep interest by the audience. Much that he said is embodied in the last annual report. At the association's first annual conference, held in New York four years ago, Judge Wendell Phillips Stafford delivered a speech at Cooper Union. It set a high mark for the association. It was unembittered, but also uncompromising. Those who heard Judge Stafford then have never forgotten him, and some have been encouraged to work the more faithfully and unswervingly because of his utterance. Again Judge Stafford spoke before the association, this time on the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Amendments and the constitutionality of the "grandfather' clauses in operation in the Southern States. W e end our account of the public meetings of the conference with an . excerpt from Judge Stafford's speech: WENDELL PHILLIPS STAFFORD "The constitutions and laws of several of the Southern States require that their citizens, in order to be voters, shall possess a certain amount of taxable property or certain educational qualifications, but further provide that these requirements shall not apply to those who have served in the army of the United States or of the late Confederacy, nor to the sons or grandsons of any such, nor to any who were voters on the 1st day of January, 1867, or who are lineal descendants of such. The question is whether such laws violate any provision of the Constitution of the United States. They make no mention of race, color or previous condition of servitude, and therefore do not in terms violate the prohibition of the Fifteenth Amendment. Under their express terms a few colored men are entitled to registration equally with their white neighbors. In the main, however, they operate to exclude the colored citizen while admitting the white citizen upon no other grounds than those of military service or descent. If the courts should take judicial notice of the well-known purpose of these laws they must hold them to be unconstitutional and void as discriminating against the colored race. If, however, the courts should refuse to take such notice, must they be held valid? The Supreme Court of the United States has shown a disposition to hold that the States might prescribe whatever qualifications they chose touching the suffrage except the discriminations prohibited by the Fifteenth Amendment. There are two provisions of the Federal Constitution, however, which have never been passed upon in this connection. The first is that contained in article IV., section 4: 'The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a republican form of government.' The second is found in article I., section 10: 'No State shall grant any title of nobility.' A republican form of government is an expression used to distinguish the object described from a form of government which is monarchical or aristocratic; a government in which political power is held or exercised by the people in distinction from one in which it is held or exercised by a monarch or an aristocracy. It is a truism among us that under our form of government the only sovereigns are the voters, the electors. The nominal rulers are made and unmade by the voters. The voters are the real lawmakers, whether they act directly by means of the initiative and referendum or indirectly through their chosen representatives in legislatures. If the number of voters could be reduced to one we should have an absolute monarchy. If it could be confined to certain individuals or families we should have an aristocracy, and if it should be made hereditary we should have an hereditary aristocracy. "Now if one's right to vote can be made to depend upon whether his father or his grandfather could vote, then the suffrage could be made and is, in effect, made hereditary. If a State can say to its citizens 'You must own $300 worth of taxable property unless you are descended from a soldier,' it can say 'You must have a hundred thousand dollars' worth or a million dollars' worth.' It can go further and say 'No matter how much taxable property you own you cannot vote unless your grandfather was a soldier.' For if it can make the right of suffrage to depend upon ancestry at all it can make it to depend upon ancestry entirely. 90 THE CRISIS "I assert tbat it cannot make the right to depend upon ancestry at all. Why ? Because there is no rational connection between the fact that a man's grandfather was a soldier or a voter and the question whether the man himself is qualified to vote. The so-called qualification is no qualification. It does not afford the slightest presumption that the descendant is fit for the duty. It is purely arbitrary and unreasonable. You might as well make the right to depend upon a man's height or the color of his eyes. The only theory upon which it could be defended would be that qualities and political rights are inheritable, which is a theory contrary to the spirit of our institutions and the very stuff of aristocratic and monarchical institutions, which are not to be tolerated under our organic law. When a State makes certain of its citizens electors it invests them with the power and the duty to vote as representatives of the whole body of their fellow citizens. They exercise a public function. They perform a public duty. To that extent and in that sense they are officers. They hold an office—that of elector. May an office be made hereditary in this country? Suppose the legislature were to pass a law to that effect—that certain offices should descend from father to son. Would it not violate the Constitution of the United States? Could the courts hold it to be a valid law and the officeholder to have a valid title? Suppose Massachusetts should confine the right of suffrage to the descendants of those who landed from the 'Mayflower.' Would her form of government be any longer republican? Is it anything else when Louisiana or North Carolina or Georgia gives the right to vote to those who were voters on the 1st of January, 1S67, and to those who are descended from them, and refuses it to others unless they can comply with various conditions not imposed upon the first. The registration rolls of the South have been made up under such laws. Every man who holds office under those States to-day derives his title, such as it is, from elections conducted under such laws. I do not wonder when 1 read in conservative legal journals that the South is "uneasy' over the 'grandfather' clauses.'' EXECUTIVE SESSION. The report of the chairman of the executive committee, Mr. Oswald Garrison Villard. reviewed the work of the year, and noted the two very important eases upon which the association's legal committee is working—a "Jim Crow" case and a case to test the "grandfather" clause. The secretary of the association, Miss May Childs Nerney, gave some details of the executive work of the year, and the national organizer, Dr. M. C. B. Mason, also spoke. The hour was so late when "new business" was reached that only one matter came up. Mr. John E. Milholland urged that the members endorse the movement, which he is heading, for Federal aid to education. The meeting did so endorse and moved the appointment later of a Federal Aid Committee from the membership. The meeting announced the acceptance of the Spingarn medal, of which an account will be given in another issue of TH E CRISIS. TH E ASSOCIATION'S PRESIDENT. The conference was most fortunate in having its president, Mr. Moorfield Storey, at all but one of its sessions. Mr. Storey brings to the association a record of laborious days spent in the championship of oppressed races, and he never lets us forget the high ideal of liberty that is the birthright of every American. m BRANCHES. THE association now has about 1,400 -*• members and fourteen branches: Baltimore, Md.; Boston, Mass.; Chicago, 111.; Detroit, Mich.; Indianapolis, Ind.; Kansas City, Kan.; Lynchburg, Va.; New York, N. Y.; Northern California; Orange, N. J.; Quincy, 111.; Tacoma, Wash.; Topeka. Kan.; Washington, D. C. It has also a college chapter, recently formed at Howard University, Washington, D. O , which was represented at the conference by Mr. A. Leroy Locke. Representatives were present from Baltimore, Md.; Boston, Mass.; New York, N. Y., and Washington, D. C , and all the branches sent in reports. The reports were of great interest, but as much of the material is already incorporated in the annual report of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People for 1912, only a brief outline will be given here. MEETINGS. Every branch reported propaganda work through meeting's. Many of these gatherings were devoted solely to the association and the 91 THE N. A. A. C. P. spreading of its propaganda, while others celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of emancipation or were meetings of protest against Negro discrimination practised by city or State. The association scarcely overestimates the value of these meeting's held, as they have been, from the Atlantic to the Pacific coast. CIVIL RIGHTS. Every city branch has its important work of civil rights. In large and small ways discrimination against the Negro creeps into our city administration. In Boston it takes the form of removing a colored girl from the gTammar school, where she is doing satisfactory work, to a trade school. The branch takes up the matter with the school board, the girl is reinstated and graduates with her grammar-school class. In Baltimore discrimination was legalized by a segregation ordinance. Readers of THE CRISIS have read how magnificently the Baltimore branch, aided by the legal department of the association, fought the fight against segregation and won on April 24. The Kansas City (Kan.) branch has a fight before it on this issue. In New York the branch has struggled, with success, for the right of colored citizens to sit in the orchestras of theatres and is slowly winning the battle to secure the right of a colored man to purchase a meal in a restaurant. Since its inception this branch has taken a vigorous stand against the brutality of the police toward colored citizens. In Detroit the branch has been working with success along civil-rights lines. Increasingly the colored people of the cities of the North are gaining hope regarding their rights. They are coming to believe that it is worth while to appeal to the civil-rights bills existing on their statute books and to insist on their enforcement. The association is doing no more important work than in its encouragement of this attitude on the part of Northern colored people. ANTI-MARRIAGE BILLS. A number of bills against the marriage of whites and Negroes have appeared in Northern legislatures. Believing these laws to be unjust and to degrade the colored race and especially the colored women, the branches have taken active part against such legislation. The New York, Kansas City (Kan.) and Tacoma branches helped defeat it in their States, and the Chicago branch is opposing it in a vigorous and diplomatic campaign. FULL-CREW BILL. The Kansas City (Kan.) and Chicago branches have worked to defeat the full-crew bill, which would deprive numbers of colored porters of their positions on railroad trains. FINANCIAL SUPPORT. Increasingly the branches are aiding the association by raising money for its national work. Boston, during the past year, turned over all but $6 of the money it raised through contributions and memberships to the national body. Washington recently sent $100 as a contribution to the association. By their constitutions all branches retain 50e. of their membership fees and give the rest to the parent body, and all increase of membership aids the association. Indianapolis, Quincy, Kansas City (Kan.) and Orange are all expressing their appreciation of the importance of the national work, and are striving to help it financially. We have outlined the main lines of the work of the branches, and we call the attention of readers of THE CRISIS to the fact that branch news is to be found each month in the N. A. A. C. P. notes. BALTIMORE SEGREGATION ACT. The association had its moment of triumph when, on the second day of the conference, word appeared in the papers that Judge Elliott had declared the Baltimore segregation act invalid. It was announced at the executive session, and the members of the association had the opportunity to congratulate in person Mr. W . Ashbie Hawkins, the Baltimore lawyer, who fought so long and so successfully against segregation. This decision is of importance not only to the colored people of Baltimore, but to all those who dwell in cities of the South. It will have its effect in discouraging further attempts at legalized segregation. SETTLEMENT HOSPITALITY. The members of the conference were delightfully entertained by Miss Frances Bartholomew at the Eighth Ward Settlement. This is one of the oldest settlements in a colored neighborhood in the country, and the members were interested to go over the building and to learn of the admirable work accomplished there. They had two delightful hours of social intercourse and cordial hospitality. An Oath of Afro-American Youth By KELLY MILLER "T WIL L never bring disgrace upon my race by any unworthy deed or dishonorable act: I will live a clean, decent, manly life; and ever respect and defend the virtue and honor of womanhood. I will uphold and obey the just laws of my country and of the community in which I live, and will encourage others to do likewise. I will not allow prejudice, injustice, insult or outrage to cower my spirit or humiliate my soul, but will ever preserve the inner freedom of heart and conscience. I will not allow myself to be overcome of evil, but will strive to overcome evil with good. I will endeavor to develop and exert the best powers within me for my own personal improvement, and will strive unceasingly to quicken the sense of racial duty and responsibility. I will in all these ways aim to uplift my race so that, to everyone bound to it by ties of blood, it shall become a bond of ennoblement, and not a byword of reproach." WHAT TO READ IN "The Upas Tree" Mr. Robert MeMurdy makes a strong plea for the abolition— that is, the legal abolition—of capital punish ment, for with two executions out of 141 con victed murderers in New York State it may safely be said that the lex talionis has be come a thing of the past even in a State that is one of the most exacting in the enforce ment of criminal penalties. Mr. MeMurdy's argument is based on the very well-written story of the conviction and sentence to death of a man whose innocence of murder is established only after the death cap has been placed over his head by a determined, whiskey-nerved executioner. The characters, one of whom is an humble Negro of admirable qualities, are well drawn, the plot skilfully executed and, to a layman, the story throws much light on the tricks of the lawyer's trade. Whether or not the abolition of the death penalty would result in a marked change one way or other in the number of murders is not conclusively proved, but the strong point of Mr. MeMurdy's story is that with all the skill and ability of distinguished counsel at the command of the accused, and with every precaution for an impartial trial, it is still possible for an innocent man to be convicted of crime on doubtful circumstantial evidence and for the guilty to escape by the aid of perjury and jury bribing. How much greater, then, is the risk of such miscarriage of justice when the accused is poor, friendless, without the pale of the very law which is supposed to protect him. The paramount need of American justice with regard to homicide as well as lesser crime is a reform which shall bring about the conviction and punishment of the guilty without regard to pecuniary condition or other circumstances not contemplated in the scheme of justice. It is the practical certainty of acquittal, and the freedom even from prosecution, which makes the taking of human life so frequent in this country, particularly in the Southern States. Where death is the penalty for homicide, it ought to be enforced. When it is, perhaps we shall be able to replace it with life imprisonment, incarceration for five years, or whatever punishment may be demanded in the light of growing civilization. F. J. Schulte &amp; Co., Chicago, 111. m One of the greatest difficulties of the color problem in America is the lack of information, on both sides of the line, concerning the elementary facts of the presence of the Negro in this country. Professor Brawley, of Atlanta Baptist College, has made a most important and valuable contribution to the filling of this void in his "Short History of the American Negro," which "endeavors simply to set forth the main facts about' the subject that one might WHAT TO READ wish to know and to supply in some measure the historical background for much that one reads to-day in newspapers and magazines." In this latter respect, perhaps, the work falls short of its purpose, for Mr. Brawley gives little attention to what one most frequently reads in the press concerning Negroes. The special merit of the work is that it cannot fail to stimulate the interest and must give to the general public at least an intelligently respectful attitude toward what does appear in the newspapers. It is a summary of the history that has been set down in books. The reader must study for himself the history that has yet to be written. Mr. Brawley possesses in a high degree the essential quality of the true historian as an impartial recorder of facts. So free is he from the personal bias so naturally and so frequently present in those who speak of and for their own that one is inclined to think that he does not always present his case with the emphasis and accuracy which it deserves. No history of the Negro in America, designed primarily for newspaper readers, can be complete with out reconciling the statement "the word Negro is the Spanish and Portuguese form" —it is not, as Mr. Brawley says, the Italian also—"of the Latin adjective niger, meaning black," with the fact of the color of Mr. Chesnutt, whom Mr. Brawley rightly de scribes as a Negro novelist, and who is most certainly white. In justice to black men and for the fuller information of other American newspaper readers, it would have been well to explain the cause of this change in color from the "neager" and "nigre" and "neeger" and "nigger" in the uncertain spell ing of the slave trader to the Negro whose history is written by himself. But Mr. Brawley does not define Negro. He merely says that the word from which it comes means black, and that such ancestors of American Negroes as were brought to this country as slaves were nearly all black. He leaves us to infer that Negro means prog ress, light, courage, virtue in its fullest sense of real manhood, patience, increasing solidarity of effort to ten millions of Ameri can people to whose night-bound vision "Yon gray lines That fret the clouds are messengers of day." The Macmillan Co., New York, $1.25. An admirable little volume of poetry is Henry G. Kost's "Sunlight and Starlight." The stanza quoted below begins the stirring appeal, "To the Nation's Conscience," which is one of Mr. Kost's many expressions of justice to the black man: "When you struck the shackles from him, And you called your chattel man— Who, through gloomy centuries, suffered 'Neath his color's darkened ban; When you gave the rights of freemen To the race your sires enslaved, How your hearts, with pride ennobled, Cheered the saviors and the saved!" The Gorham Press, Boston, or the Book Department of THE CRISIS. $1.58. "Dawn in Darkest Africa" is the title of a book by John H. Harris, with an introduction by Lord Cromer, which appears to have been suppressed by the British government. It is reviewed at great length in the African Times and Orient Review by Dr. MacGregor Reid, who says: "Africa is a dark continent to all but its inhabitants. In the heart of the darkness is much light, and the ruins that lie upon its surface speak of an enlightened past, a time of order and of good government even while Europe lay steeped in ignorance. "The hope of Africa still lives within the soul of its people, and Mr. Harris belongs to that small yet ever-growing body of thinkers who see light ahead. To those who know Africa best 'Dawn in Darkest Africa' will be welcomed as a ray of sunshine within the domicile of morbidity, where the gloomy thought is ever beating at the hope of the heart, and progress is undermined by the suspicions, jealousies and indiscretions of the dark view." gg "The Black Bishop, Samuel Adjai Crowther," by Jesse Page, P. R, G. S. Fleming H. Revell, $2. A splendid biography of the first and ablest Negro elevated to the Anglican Episcopate. ® "Education for Manhood," by Kelly Miller, occupies the first number of the Monographic Magazine, which has been started by the dean of Howard University. Lord Macaulay, J. W . Cromwell, Grimke and Du Bois are the names of some of the authors of succeeding issues. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER This Handsome Suit FREE to Our Agents Write to-day. Be the one In your town to get this astounding tailoring offer. An offer to give you the swellest suit you ever saw FREE! But you must hurry, We want a representative In your town right away. We will start you in a big money-making business of your own— FREE! Plenty of money and plenty of nifty clothes—for YOU—if you write AT ONCE! No money nor experience necessary. We Pay All Express Charges Yes, we pay everything. You take no risk. Just take orders for our fine clothes— made of the most beautiful fabrics and in the latest, classiest styles.' Keep your present position ami make $50.00 to $100.00 A WEE K en the side, or go Into the business right and make $3,000 to 15.000 a year. PARAGON clothes sell like wildfire Agents swamped with orders on .NEW plan. Nothing like It anywhere. Write to-day for our swell samples and complete outfit for going right out to take orders. Get our "WONDERFUL NEW OFFER right now. WE PAT ALL CHARGES. Send a postcard NOW—while this great offer Is still open. Don't delay— WRITE TO-DAY. PARAGON TAILORING CO. Dept. 551 Chicago, III. TYPEWRITERS Remingtons, Densmores, J e w e t t s, $11.60 each; Franklins, Postals, Hammonds, $9 each. Bargains in Underwoods, Smiths and all others. All guaranteed. Supplies. Standard Typewriter Exchange 23B Park Bow, New York UNDERTAKERS Telephone Columbus 3935 Open All Night RODNEY DADE &amp; BROS. Undertakers and Emb aimers Notary Public Funeral Parlor and Chapel Free. Licensed Lady Embalmer Prompt Service 266 Welt 53d Street New York, N. TT. Between Broadway and 8th Arenue A PLACE TO STOP HOTEL WASHINGTON First-class Service for First-class People 3252 Wabash Avenue, Chicago, 111. Short Talks on Advertising and Our Advertisers The many enthusiastic letters we receive from our readers testify to the popularity of TH E CRISIS and its recognized value as a medium of reliable information. And it is most gratifying to us gradually to build up our advertising columns until they are a source of convenience and service to our 30,000 readers. For the vacationist and sightseer traveling between eastern and southern points we present Hotel Dale at Cape May, N. J., with its elegant appointments, and the Southern Railway, with its efficient service and luxurious trains. For the student we offer the Enterprise Institute at Chicago, Wilberforce and the A. &amp; M. College of Greensboro, N. C , where summer schools will be in session. Thousands of people come to New York each year with no knowledge of places to stop, and often find themselves in very undesirable surroundings. Many of our readers, when coming to New York, write us in advance for the names and addresses of first-class hostelries. This we cheerfully give at all times. With this issue of THE CRISIS we are pleased to advise our readers who plan to visit New York to communicate with the Housing Bureau of the National League on Urban Conditions Among Negroes, which will help you secure comfortable boarding and lodging places with respectable private families. Their advertisement appears on page 102. It is this diversified service which makes THE CRISIS so distinctly worth while to its host of readers. ALBON L. HOLSEY Advertising Manager Publishers Chat The July CRISIS will be the annual Educational Number, with pictures of the leading colored students. Other features will be Robert Gould Shaw and Fort Wagner, Carl Schurz and the Spingarn medal. In August appears the Vacation Number. Our edition this month is 30,000. Mention THE 'CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 95 THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT.OF COLORED PEOPLE OFFICES: 2 6 Ve»ey Street, New York. Incorporated May 25, 191 I OFFICERS National President—Mr. Moorfleld Storey, Boston, Mass. Vice-Presidents— Rev. John Haynes Holmes, New York. Mr. John E. Milholland, New York. Bishop Alexander Walters, New York. Rev. Garnet R. Waller, Baltimore, Md. Miss Mary White Ovington, Brooklyn, N. Y. Chairman of the Board of Directors— Mr. Oswald Garrison Villard, New York. Treasurer—Mr. Walter E. Sachs, New York. Director of Publicity and Research— Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois, New York. National Organizer—Dr. M. C. B. Mason, Cincinnati. Secretary—Miss May Childs Nerney, Brooklyn, N. Y. This is the Association which seeks to put into practice the principles which THE CRISIS puts into words. If you believe what we SAY, join this Association and help us to put our words into DEEDS. MEMBERSHI P BLAN K I hereby accept membership in the NATIONA L ASSOCIATIO N FO R TH E ADVANCEMEN T OF COLORE D PEOPLE . Please find enclosed dollars and enter my name as a member in Class paying $ a year, and send me TH E CRISIS. Name Address Class 1. Donors, paying $100 to $500 per Class 3. Contributing Members, paying year. $2 to $10 per year. Class 2. Sustaining Members, paying Class 4. Associate Members, paying $1 $25 per year. per year. The subscription to TH E CRISIS is $1 extra, except to members paying $2 or more, who signify their wish that $1 of their dues be considered a CRISIS subscription. All members in good standing have the privilege of attending and voting at the Annual Conference of the Association. PLEASE make checks payable to national association for the advancement of COLORED PEOPLE, 26 VESEY STREET, NEW YORK CITY. Mention THE CRISIS. 96 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER safelysecuredfirs AND first Mortgage bonds Capital Demands Higher Wages Capital that used to work for 3% to 4^4% is now demanding higher wages to meet the increased cost of living. We offer capital employment at S%°fo to 6% secured by first mortgage on newly improved Chicago income Real Estate, in the form of bonds, in amounts of $100, $300 and $500 and individual mortgages in amounts from $1,000 to $25,000, in periods from one to six years. All titles guaranteed by Chicago Title and Trust Company, Capital and Surplus over Six Million Dollars. H. David Murray and Co. MORTGAGE BROKERS ((KMJS))) REAL ESTATE LOANS INSURANCE ViflmzJ B ANK F LOOR S E COR S TATE &amp; 31ST S TS CHICAGO ^TELLING A STORY II To friends who know you, may be easy, but "putting one over" to ". ^ strangers is quite different. Telling a busy, business man about your services or your merchandise is still less a "cinch," for he hears the same story every day a dozen or more times. A clever speaker, before a sleepy or hostile audience, puts a good, stiff punch into his very first remark. This "knocks 'em off their feet" and they listen. Your business letters may be good, but if they lack the "punch" they won't "pull." Correct business stationery is the "punch" that hits the busy man "right in the eye" and makes him read your letter. We'll show you the sort of stationery we create, if you write us. We print for Mr. Conde Nast, of Vogue; we print THE CRISIS. ROBERT N. WOOD, Printing and Engraving 202 EAS T 99th STREE T NE W YOR K 'Phone 6667 Lenox Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The very Business Opportunity for which YO U have heen looking may possibly he here on this page. SELLS LIKE HOT CAKES Agents wanted everywhere to Bell this ironing wax in pad form. It perfumes tho clothes with a lasting violet perfume. WAX-IN-PAD MANTJFAOTUEERS Lynbrook New York WHILE YOl LEARN A splendid opportunity for ambitious young men and women. We teach Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping and Business Arithmetic, according to the latest methods of modern business science. Earnest, efficient instructors. We also maintain an EMPLOYMENT BUREAU to assist our students and graduates in securing positions. Many of them now hold steady positions with some of New York's largest business houses. The service of the Bureau is FREE. Correspondence invited. Address Harlem Commercial School F. WALTER MOTTLEY, Principal 47 West 139th Street New York 00 A DAY AND MORE $10 • = TO LIVE AGENTS 100 per cent, profit; sells to every colored man and woman on earth. This is the quickest kind of easy money. Send 15 cents in stamps or coin for 50-cent sample and terms; money back if not satisfied at firs'-, glance INTE E NATIONAL SPECIALTIES CO. Republic Building Chicago, 111. SPARE TIME WORK Colored agents, male or female, are wanted everywhere to take orders for our high-grade calling cards, invitations, etc. We are furnishing high-grade calling cards in correct styles and sizes for ladies or gentlemen at 50 cents for 100 or 25 cents for 50; no extra charge for address. Big demand everywhere. Liberal commissions allowed. Outfit free. Exclusive territory given. Write now for terms. THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING Indianapolis . . . - Indiana $50T0*I00AM0NTH EXPERIENCI WANT ACTIVE MAN EACH LOCALITY NOT 16 to 60 years. Introduce us to friends. NEEDED-H Grand world-wide Society. Pays largest JUST Mm |Asick , injury, death benefits for small m T SPARE * es t cost. Helpful, inspiring, PROFIT-IJkABLE! Made thousands happy and TIME LU •\prosperous. Why not YOU? Write •\quic k for big Cash-Bonus offer. S*I .L, U 238, COVINGTON, KY. LEARN PIANO BY EAR Write P. W. LITTE IN A WEEK 192 4'nh Street, Pittsburgh, Pa. BOKARA DIAMONDS. Agents, everyone, to wear and sell our famous Bokara diamonds. Write for sample offer and catalogue free. NORTHWESTERN JEWELRY COMPANY Dept. 24 2141 Summerdale Ave. Chicago, 111. LET US START YOU IN BUSINESS ANYWHERE. Don't be a wage slave; get out of the rut; get grit and develop backbone and go in business for yourBelf. If you are capable of earning from $5 to $10 a day you are the person we are looking for. By uniting with us you are on a beeline to large income and independence. WRITE NOW FOR OUR PROPOSITION! The NELSON SUPPLY COMPANY Silverware Specialties Harrisburg, Pa JUST THINK O F I T Gordon Safety Razors made to retail for 25c. Shaves as smoothly as some of the hight-priced razors Splendid seller. Will last a lifetime. Sample, 10c. GORDON COMPANY Northwestern Building Chicago, 111. RELIABLE, LIVE, RESPONSIBLE MEN who can sell real estate can MAKE MORE than $200 PER MONTH acting as AGENTS for the sale of our properties in MUSKOGEE and TAFT, OKLAHOMA. The real coming country where there are opportunities and openings for all. Write us to-day, giving your age and experience, and we will offer you a FINE PROPOSITION WHICH WILL MAKE YOU MONEY. Address REEVES REALTY CO. Department C 217 Flynn-Ames Bldg. Muskogee, Okla. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling ' 'History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War " combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: VENTRILOQUISM E. A. JOHNSON TauKht Almoxt Anyone at Home. Small cost. Send today 2c stamp 154 Nassau Street New York for particulars and proof. 0. A.SMITH, Boom fi , 823 BlgtlmSt.. PEORIA. ILL Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Agents, Look!$60.00week Selling our Beacon Lights,hardt Du Bois, Booker T.Little Shepherd and 12pictures. Exclusive territory W . E. Burg Washington, other Negro given. Por traits, 16 x 20 frames, 14 cents. Pillow tops Address BERLIN ART ASSOCIATION (Established 1898) BEACON LIGHTS* Department C 233 North Fifth Ave., Chicago, 111. PEOPLES BANK &amp; TRUST COMPANY Muskogee, Oklahoma A live and enterprising Negro bank, with all deposits guaranteed by the State Guaranty Fund. We handle accounts by correspondence. Good interest paid on time deposits. When Buying Hair Goods ask your dealer for Green's Creole hair. It not only keeps the crimp, but is the best on the market. If your dealer cannot furnish you with our goods, send your order direct to us and we will be pleased to fill it. Switches, puffs, pompadours, transformations and anything pertaining to hair goods. 18-inch 1-stem Switches $ .50 18-inch 3-stem Switches 75 3/4-ounce 3-stem Switches 1.00 22-inch Switches 1.50 24-inch Switches 2.00 26-inch Switches 2.50 28-inch Switches 3.00 These prices not including gray hair. Our workmanship is the best, and we feel sure that after using our grade of goods, we will have you as our regular customer. Send in your samples. Perfect match guaranteed. If not satisfactory we will refund your money. THE EQUITABLE ASSURANCE SOCIETY OF OKLAHOMA Incorporated and licensed by the Insurance Department of the State of Oklahoma to write life, health and accident insurance on the level premium basis. No assessments. Address Home Office Peoples Bank &amp; Trust Company Bldg. Muskogee ------- Oklahoma Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 16 Monographs. Sold Separately. Address: A. G. DILL Atlanta University, Atlanta, Ga. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send orders to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 244 West 14Sd Street New York, N. Y. J. E. ORMES ACCOUNTANT GREEN'S HAIR GOODS CO. Audits Systems Business information by mail. Open for Room 58 engagements July and August. Box 25, Wllberforce University 6 West Randolph Street Chicago, III. Wilberforce, O. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY Recommends teachers for schools; secures employment for teachers. Blanks and information furnished free on application. 1335 T Street, N. W. Washington, D. C REGALIA A Race Enterprise Manufacturing Badges, Banners and Supplies for all Fraternal and Church Societies. Catalogue upon request. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. Jos. L. Jones, Pres. N.	 E. Cor. 8th and Plum Sti. Cincinnati, Ohio WANTED—ONE MAN OE WOMAN IN EVEEY locality to start a Candy Kitchen. Best paying small business on earth 1 Few dollars starts you. Get away from wage slavery. Write for particu lars. Native Herbarium Co., Ambler, Pa. Folding BATHTU B Costa little, no plambing, require* little water. Weight 15 poQDds, sod folds ioto small roll. Fall length buhl, fir better thin tin tubs. LirU for Writ* far spealil effect* offer lad description. ROBINSON 111 Vance St., T&lt;M°do, 0. Ufrs. Turkish Beth Cabinets. Ti M I M y toilet articles will add the nna madam' 'ouch of refinement and 1 good taste to your dressing table Earle's Skin and Complexion Food $ .25 Princess Hair Oil 50 La Quinine Hair Tonic .50 Antiseptic Toilet Water 25 Earle's French Bay Rum 25 Earle's Violet Extract ,35 Earle's Violet Water .50 Earle's Lilac Water	 50 Agents wanted everywhere. Write for terms. JAMES T. EARLE Manufacturing Perfumer 5 Collins Street Newport, R. I. REAL ESTATE Own Home in the North If not, why not 1 We have an increasing demand for ambitious, progressive colored people who are seeking homes in the North. We are the medium through which these demands can be supplied. Only such as can satisfy us that they are desirable will be considered. Get our Property Bulletin. It is free for the asking. P. H. SYKES, Real Estate Cor. 19th and EUsworth Sts. Philadelphia, Pa. $5 Brings Oliver Typewriter Send $5 for The Oliver Typewriter—the machine will come a-flying. The newest Model—No. 5—the regular $100 machine— with no extra charge for Printype. For the price of a good fountain pen you secure the World's Greatest Typewriter. You can pay the balance at the rate of 17 cents a day. This irresistible "$5 offer" is sweeping everything before it. The era of universal typewriting is coming. The triumph of the typewriter over primitive pen-and-ink has been brought about by the same machine that introduced visible writing. OLIVER TypeuvrH&amp;r The Standard Visible Writer This is the typewriter whose high efficiency hat made it the choice of the greatest firms and corporations. It is the simplest of all standard typewriters, yet the swiftest and by far the most versatile. The moving parts work freely in a solid metal framework, making the machine so strongthat the hardest usage has no effect upon it. No Extra Charge for "Printype" Most people prefer to have the machine equipped to write in Printype. This beautiful type is obtainable only on The Oliver Typewriter. It is the greatest style improvement ever evolved for typewriters—the most easily read type in existence—the type which conforms to that i n universal use on the world's printing presses! Win Success with the Oliver! The Oliver Typewriter aids success-seekers in . a multitude of ways. The real-life stories of achievement that center around it would fill volumes. No matter what your work may be—in office, store, shop or home-—The Oliver Typewriter will prove itself a great convenience and an actual money-maker. It stands for order and system and success. It is the visible evidence of the progressiveness of its owner. Young people with brains, ambition and Oliver Typewriters are succeeding everywhere. Can you afford to let $5 stand between you and success? Send lor Special Circular and Art Catalog Full details regarding the Oliver Easy-Purchase-Plan, beautiful catalog and a specimen letter written in Printype will be sent you* on request. Let this $5 offer awaken you to your need of The Oliver Typewriter and the ease with which you may own it. Remember—$5 only and on comes The Oliver Typewritert Sales Department (206) The Oliver Typewriter Company 310 Broadway NEW YORK, N. Y. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LEGAL DIRECTORY This is a ready reference of some of the best lawyers in the country. "If you are a lawyer and your name is not listed here you should write us at once. Residence 2546 Michigan Office Phone Bell Phone E-2161 Home 58 Main C. H. CALLOWAY Attorney and Counselor at-Law Notary Public 117 W. 6th Street Kansas City, Mo. FRANKLIN W. WILLIAMS Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Notary Public Real Estate Conveyancer 206 Parrish Street Durham, N. C. Office L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L. D. Telephone, 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS Counselor-at-Law Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St., Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice	 Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS Attorney and Counselor-at-Law 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis, Minn. BROWN S. SMITH Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Offices: Suite 610, Sykes Block. Minneapolis, Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL Attorney-at-Law 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia, Pa. Tel. 2026 Port Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN Attorney and Counselor-at-Law 34 SCHOOL STREET Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection W.	 Ashbie Hawkins George W. F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN Attorneys-at-Law 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Phones: Office, Bell 4059; New 420-M. Residence, New 733-A. THOS. E. GREENE, JR. . Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Notary Public Maloney Block Youngstown, Ohio Mention LEGAL DIRECTORY—Continued Central 104W Telephones: Main 61 HARRY E. DAVIS Attorrjey-at-Law Notary Public 1607 Williamson Bldg. Cleveland, O. ELIJAH J. GRAHAM, Jr. Attorney-at-Law and Notary Public 1026 Market Street Wheeling, W. Va. ARCHITECTS TANDY &amp; FOSTER Architects 1931 Broadway New York Telephone 5368 Columbus WIGINGTON &amp; BELL Architects Karbach Block Omaha, Neb. H. HENRY HARRIS Architect Cor. 8th and Princess Streets Wilmington, N. C. MOVING Telephone 4214 Greeley BRANIC'S EXPRESS PACKING AND SHIPPING ANDREW J. BRANIC 459 SEVENTH AVENUE New York City Orders by mail or 'phone receive prompt attention TRUNKS STORED 25c. PER MONTH Official Expressman for the C. V. B. A. PERSONAL CARDS Telephone 5277 Morningside DR. GERTRUDE E. CURTIS Surgeon Dentist 188 West 135th Street, New York City Telephone 4885 Morningside DR. D. W. ONLEY SurgeoD Dentist S. W. Cor. ISSd St. and Lenox Ave., New York Office Hours: 9 to 12 a. m., 1 to 9 p. m. Sundays by Appointment Telephone 4048 Prospect JOHN B. MOSELEY REAL ESTATE and INSURANCE 640 Fulton Street Brooklyn, N. Y. HE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER ' LEARN A TRADE Teachers in public schools should spend their vacation in Enterprise Institute, studying dressmaking, millinery, ladies' tailoring, merchant tailoring, hair dressing, manicuring, scalp treatment, facial massage, chiropody, the manufacture of hair goods, or in our cooking school, in order to be able to respond to the growing demand for vocational training. Thfc heavy or distinctively mechanical trades may also be helpfully pursued. W e secure positions for our graduates. Terms unusually easy. Address THE ENTERPRISE INSTITUTE, Inc. 3711 STATE STREET ------- CHICAGO, ILL. EIGHT TEACHERS EMPLOYED AND WE OPERATE AT SIX LOCATIONS ELLEN FORD BROOKS Mrs. DAISY TAPLEY (Member N. Y. S. M. T. A.) Teacher of voice and piano, will take a limited Teacher of singing, breathing, voice-placing, internumber of pupils during the summer mouths. pretation, diction, piano. Special care and patience with young piano pupils. Coaching. Pupils all Choruses trained, soloists coached. Engagements summer. for concerts solicited. For terms and appointments address the studio: 294 Clifton Place --- Brooklyn, N. Y. Telephone Bedford 5439 172 West 133d Street NEW YORK Mme. MARIE JACKSON STUART'S £ „ "DEACON" JOHNSON School of Expression, Music and Dramatic Art A thorough, well-defined course of instruction, Telephone Connection •J* (That Cheerful Entertainer) designed to give the student a comprehensive grasp wf Leader. Mandolin and Second Tenor with of each subject in the shortest time. Terms •	 THE •'DEACON" JOHNSON QUAETET reasonable. Montreal New York Philadelphia Permanent Address: Dramas staged. Amateurs trained. Plays revised. Times Sq. Sta., Box 317, New York City ADDRESS 33 West 131st Street New York MME. FANNIE BELLE DE KNIGHT Miss MINNIE BROWN Dramatic and Dialect Reader. Engagements solicited. Students given special training in the SOPRANO Delsarte Method. Instruction also given in Dialect, English Grammar and Rhetoric. May be engaged for commencements, concerts and recitals For terms address: Terms Reasonable. Telephone Morningside 9045 172 West 133d Street NEW YORK Studio: 231 W. 134th St. New York City Care of Tapley Studio HARRIET GIBBS-MARSHALL, President LOUIS G. GREGORY, Financial Secretary HARRY A. WILLIAMS, Vice-President GREGORIA A. FRASER, Recording Secretary The Washington Conservatory of Music and School of Expression Piano, Violin, Wind Instruments, Piano Tuning, Vocal Expression, History of Music Theory and Modern Languages The first and only Mission Music School founded and controlled by Negroes in America. Many scholarships awarded. Talented students never turned away unaided. 902 T Street, N. W.	 WASHINGTON, D. C. Mention TH E CRISIS. 102 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER If You Plan to Visit New York This Summer For study, sightseeing or pleasure and desire quiet, respectable ac commodations with the bes t privat e families, write the Housing Bureau of the National League on Urban Conditions Among Negroes, at 127 W. 135th Street, New York. Our Service Is Absolutely FREE Ike Perfect Washing Machine The rapid vacuum washer Saves your time, labor and hands from rubbing on the washboard. Washes your clothes by compressed air and suction, the water and soap being forced through the clothes. Works on the principle of the vacuum carpet cleaner. Your clothes are not subject to the wear that is caused by the beating and batting process used by other makes. With this washer it is soap and do the Zol". tha t Price $1.50 Lace curtains and the most delicate fabrics can be cleaned without the slightest damage. Will wash a tub of clothes in 5 to 10 minutes. Any woman, or even a child, can operate this washer. Sent prepaid on receipt of retail price, $1.50. Anybody can afford to buy it; nobody can afford to be without it. AGARD NOVELTY CO., Distributors 38 West 136th Street New York Good proposition for agents. TRADE MARK REGISTERED THE PERFECT WASH FOR THE HAIR Contains no soap; composed of materials better suited for the purpose. Insures your hair the cleanest, fluffiest, most delightful and satisfying wash it has ever enjoyed. Send 2-cent stamp for trial package. Agents wanted. American Manufacturers 132 Nassau Street New York MILES M. WEBB Chicago's Expert Photographer I specialize In every phase of artistic picture making. Send me your photos for enlargement. Prices reasonable. Satisfaction guaranteed. WEBB STUDIO 3519 State Street Chicago, III. Mention TH E CRISIS. No. 4 Special Buggy only $65.00 HIGHEST GRADE A Value Unequaled. Sold on $1.00 Profit Margin. FROM FACTORY TO USER Write for prices and other styles. Send for Catalogue. C.	 R. PATTERSON &amp; SONS, GREENFIELD, OHIO. LARGEST NEGRO CARRIAGE CONCERN IN THE UNITED STATES. SCHOOL OF BEAUTY CULTURE AND HAIR DRESSING Manicuring, Shampooing, Hair Dressing, Marcel Waving, Facial and Body Massage, Hair Malting, Chiropody, etc., scientifically taught. Unlimited practice in parlor day and night. Pupils taught at home, if desired. Telephone, Morningside 8162 Diplomas. Special Summer Course, $7.50 up. Send for 143 West 131st St. booklet. Mme. A. Carter Kelsey, Gen'l Intr.; Dr. Samuel NEW YOKE A. Kelsey, Chiropodist, President and Gen'l Manager. KELSEY'S Something Ne w Kelly Miller's Monographic Magazine Issued monthly. Complete treatment of some phase of the race problem in each issue. "Education for Manhood" in the April number. Price, 10 cents a single copy; 25 cents for three months' subscription; $1 per year. Rates to agents: 7;^ cents a copy on orders under ten; S cents a copy on Pi'ders over fifteen. Agents wanted everywhere. On account of liberal rates, remittance must accompany order. Address HOWARD UNIVERSITY Washington ------ D. C. U-ZIT Yes, use it, because you owe it to yourself and to others to assist in promoting good health. W e are assisting with the best that science thus far has been able to produce in offering U-ZIT, our new odorless disinfectant. Six times again as strong as carbolic antiseptic. Put up in powdered form, safe for general use. Destroys all germs and odors at less than one-quarter cent a gallon. Guaranteed to be as represented or money refunded. Sample test free. Can we be of service to you? Used by leading colleges, hotels, restaurants and merchants everywhere. References. Put up in cans and retailed for the small sum of $1.00 per pound. Special 5pound can, $3.75. Terms, thirty days. Address U-ZIT SPECIALTIES CO. 3726 S. Dearborn St., Chicago, 111. Mention TH E CRISIS. CAPE MAY, N. J. This magnificent hotel, located in the heart of the most beautiful seashore resort in the world; replete with every modern improvement, superlative in construction, appointments, service, and refined patronage. Orchestra dailv. Garage, bath houses, tennis, etc., on premises. Special attention given to ladies and children. Send for booklet. E. W. DALE, Owner. SOUTHERN RAILWAY Premier Carrier of the South The Nation's Highway of Travel from the North, East and West to the cities of the Southland—Ashevilie, "The Land of the Sky," Columbia, Aiken, Augusta, Charleston, Summerville, Savannah, Brunswick. Jacksonville, St. Augustine, Palm Beach, Atlanta, Birmingham, Mobile, New Orleans. Chattanooga, Memphis. The most direct route from New York to Texas, Mexico, Cali fornia, Panama and Cuba. Quickest Time Finest Service Luxurious Trains For literature, rates and complete in formation apply to ALEX S. THWEATT Eastern Passenger Agent 264 Fifth Avenue New York City Cor. 29th Street Telephone 2214 Madison Square Mention THE CRISIS.