18 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine place first thing to-morrow morning. And I'll be glad, to leave here." "Oh!" The color fled from Lin- da's cheeks. "Then you--you came licre just to bring me?" she faltered. "Well, you insisted on coming, didn't you?" His eyes were stern, his voice impatient, as he lit an oil lamp and placed it on the shabby dresser. "Yes, and I do thank you a lot, only"--her heart had left its accus- tomed place and was sinking rap- idly--"only I--I won't be seeing you again, will I?" "Probably not." He was on his way out of the room. "However, if you should want me, I'll be just across the hall. Better blow out your light pretty quick or you'll be eaten by mosquitoes." And with that, and a brief "Good night," he stalked out. For all of ten seconds she stared after him. Then thoughtfully, re- luctantly, she tossed her felt hat onto the bed and fell to unpacking. There was but one interrupting, a waddling Chinaman bearing supper on a tray; and with that finished and the duffel bag emptied, she faced the prospect of a lonely eve- ning with weary rebellion. "Fine ending for what should have been a perfect day," was her petu- lant reflection." She blew out the light, tossed a pillow onto the sill, and dropped upon it, face on folded arms. She lay there, gazing out upon the dark- ened landscape, with things on her mind; things that had never been there before--a rambling log cabin, bearskin rugs, two huge chairs drawn up before a mammoth fire- place. Drowsily, her fancy wove a pic- ture of a tall, blond young man with stern eyes sitting in one of the chairs, of herself in the other. Flames flickering low--lower as her eyelashes grew heavier. Music drift- ing through. Finally, a moment of breath-taking reality as the man rose, bent over her, and all but touched her waiting lips. "Denny! Denny!" She awoke to the sound of his name, intermingled with raucous laughter and the tinny jangle of piano keys. Came upright, wondering in that brief moment whether it had been her own voice calling or some one else's. Then, having her mind suddenly distracted by a bellowed conversation from be- low, she turned again to the win- dow to catch the full drift of its meaning. A half minute ticked by while she listened, heart pounding, the blood flying to her cheeks. Then an in- stant of uncertainty, and in the next she had scrambled off the bed, fled to Denny's door, and was tapping frantically. "It's Linda!" she whispered to the gruff inquiry. Inside the room she choked out: "Oh, I--it's outrageous --fantastic, I tell you! I wouldn't believe such a tiling could happen, but it has." "What has?" He was risen and was facing her across a paper- strewn table. "What's wrong?" "Everything! Those great hulk- ing brutes actually planning to roll dice for me--me! And calling you to get in on the game." "Oh, so that was what they wanted." He was surveying her with irritating calmness. "At first I thought it must be some sort of joke," she went on tremulously. "It was all so--so in- credible, so utterly ridiculous, and then-" She paused for breath and presently added in desperation: "Well, aren't you going to--to do something about it? Are you just going to stand there?" 