Thrill Chaser 19 "What do you expect me to do?" he inquired with exasperating equa- nimity. "Challenge the crowd sin- gle-handed? Shoot up the place?" "Oh, please," she begged. "Don't be like that! This is as serious as it is crazy. I know I was foolish to come and that I told you to wash your hands of me. But now I'm asking you to forget that and help me out of the mess. Surely there must be some way!" "There is. I could join the game. If I won, that would settle things." "But you might lose. No, that would be too risky." She thought a minute. Then: "I'll tell you! Why not go down, pretend to be looking on, then slip away and sad- dle the horses? I could skip down the back way and meet you." "But there isn't a back way!" he told her. "I looked when I went to stable our mounts." "Then I'll drop from your win- dow." "And break your neck." "I wouldn't." She ran over to gauge the distance, then faced him breathlessly. "Think your pony could take it if I lit in the saddle?" "Yes, but-" "But nothing--that will shorten the drop. I'll pack and return here. Give a low whistle when you're ready." "But, Linda, it's two stories from the ground. You couldn't make it without hurting yourself." There was genuine alarm in his voice. "Nonsense. Stunts like that are my special hobby!" Her cheeks glowed. "Come on, let's get go- ing!" And suiting the action to the word, she whisked from the room and across the hall to gather up her belongings. Presently she was back. A glance at the table told her that he had left a bundle to be included in her own. She stuffed it inside the duf- fel, blew out the light, and stole to the window to wait, heart pounding. After what seemed an interminable time, a whistle sounded faintly from below and she swung the bag over the sill. An instant later she slid after it. There was a moment of hang- ing precariously, fingers gripping the ledge, then, with a half twist, she let go and dropped expertly into the saddle. "Good girl!" Denny applauded softly as she controlled the pony's plunging reaction and they started off. "Straight on. Head for the ledge." "Think they've missed us yet?" Linda asked after a bit. "Not a chance. They're too busy rolling dice." "Then--what's that?" Almost in the instant of her speaking, a shot rang out, followed in quick succes- sion by four more. Somewhere over Linda's head a bullet whined and she saw her companion clutch at his Stetson. "Denny, you're not hurt?" she called in quick alarm. "No, and with little thanks to some idiot." He whirled, snatched her pony's bridle, and started the mustangs on a wild gallop. "But this isn't the way we came," she protested as he forced her on ahead into a cut through the moun- tain. "I know. It's longer but safer. A bullet could pick us off that ledge like birds from a branch. Keep go- ing and ride low. It's ten to one they won't follow, but we can't take chances." They didn't. Except for a brief interval on the sharp up grades, they kept their mounts at top speed. Meanwhile, two additional shots had sounded. Then silence. Fi- nally, when they reached a trail 