Office Scandal 131 hind her desk. She was glad to sit down. Her knees were weak. Lisa Bennett! Jill hadn't wanted to remember Lisa these last two months. At first she used to think, "A few more weeks and Lisa, would be back." She told herself that when she began to notice how big, and handsome, and kind Bruce Car- roll was. Jill hadn't wanted to fall in love with Bruce. She had tried not to, but trying didn't do any good. Bruce had only to look at her to make her heart leap crazily. And he looked at her frequently. Per- haps the sight of Jill's smooth au- burn hair and deep-blue eyes did something to his heart, also. Anyway, there had been those lunches Myra had commented upon, and more--much more. Rides in Bruce's big car, and dinners at quiet restaurants, and dancing together; breathless, exquisite moments in his arms while the music wove a magic spell for them both. Until Jill had forgotten that she was only a sub- stitute for Lisa. And then, last night- Bruce's buzzer was sounding. He wanted her. Jill gathered up her notebook and pencil. She felt as though her heart were tied into a tight little knot, but she lifted her chin defiantly as she opened Bruce's door. Last night was over, and this morning- This morning Lisa was back. Bruce grinned boyishly as he stood up. "Good news, honey! Lisa is back." He actually said it. Jill stiffened, but be didn't seem to notice. "That lets you out, Jill. You won't have to slave for me any longer." "Slave for you!" Jill bit her tongue. She had almost said, "I love to," and she would rather die than say that. Bruce's arms went around her. "Remember what we talked about last night? We won't have to wait now. We can be married right away." In spite of herself, Jill trembled. She couldn't hold herself stiff when Bruce was crushing her close--so close that she could feel the uneven beating of his heart. "Lisa can take your place here im- mediately. You won't have to break in a new girl. She called up the first thing this morning, and said she's ready to go to work." That was more than Jill could stand. She pushed him brusquely away. "Of course she is. And I'm ready to quit. But I'll never marry you, Bruce Carroll. Never!" "You don't mean that, Jill," Bruce said, amazed. "I do. Do you think I haven't heard the stories about you and Lisa that are going the rounds of the office? I tried not to believe them. I thought she wasn't coming back." "Just what sort of stories?" His voice was stern. Jill drew a deep breath. "About you--and Lisa. About working after hours, here in your office. They say you used to have dinner sent in, and you had a radio installed, and instead of working -" She gulped, but kept on steadily. She listened to her voice and couldn't believe it was her own. She couldn't believe she was saying these things to Bruce--all the gos- sip she had hated even to think about. Bruce didn't deny anything. He simply looked at Jill. "You think I'd do that?" he asked softly. "How can I help thinking it-- now?" she demanded furiously. 