Her Great Moment 123 "What would you suggest?" she asked curiously. He glanced at his watch. "It's three thirty. Let's drop in on dad for cocktails, then we'll-" Esther shook her head. "No drop- ping in on anybody to-day. And I'm going back to--Kitty's. The wind is getting cold." She rose and held out her hand. She had better put an end to this before she got into deep water. "What a 'No' girl you are. You'd stun me if you said 'Yes.' But I'm driving you to where you're stay- ing. And I'm calling for you to- night at eight and we're dining," he persisted. Well, there was no reason why he shouldn't drive her home. It was a nice apartment house she lived in. It would be pleasant driving in that beautiful car. She wouldn't talk much. Mustn't let the cat out of the bag. He took her arm and they crossed the road. The chauffeur touched his cap to Esther as he opened the car door. "How do you do, Miss Wylie," he said. Esther smiled. He, too, thought she was Sylvia, whose last name ap- parently was Wylie. Sylvia must have driven often with Jack. Esther felt a little twinge of envy. She gave Jack the address, and leaned back luxuriously as the big car purred through the park. Jack talked about his summer in Canada. Esther gathered that he was in business with his father. Ex- porters. All too soon they arrived at her apartment. "I'll call at eight," Jack said eagerly. About to refuse, a swift reckless- ness swept away Esther's caution. Why not go? Kitty would not be back until ten or eleven. It would be such a long, lonely evening. Jack was so obviously a gentle- man. And with his sense of humor he would laugh, consider it a rich joke when later on she would tell him. Jack crossed to the vestibule with Esther and looked at the cards over the letter boxes. "Ring Apartment 3D to-night," she said gayly. "I'll be ready at eight." "You're a darling." He smiled his quick, warm smile. "Katherine Burrows," he read. "That's Kitty, I suppose. Who is Esther Dorn?" "A friend of Kitty's," she said quickly. "Good-by, Jack." "No chance for me to come up now and mix a cocktail?" He held her hand, and bent his deep-blue eyes upon her. "Not a chance. Kitty doesn't keep the makings. Neither does Esther." "Nice little girls," he laughed. What a dear boy he was. Esther sighed as she stepped into her apart- ment and closed the door behind her. Sylvia was a lucky girl. She had Jack, and a mother and father, and was in Europe. That meant money, background. She was not alone in the world as Esther was. She was not dependent on her own efforts to make a living. Oh, well. Esther's brown, silky head went up and the dark-brown eyes sparkled. She was in for ad- venture! It wasn't every girl who could have a lark like this. Mis- taken for another girl--wouldn't Kitty howl! "I'd better see where Sylvia lives." Esther flipped over the pages of the telephone book. Wylie. Too many of them. She'd have to be careful about that to-night. She 