24 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine sciousness. "Oh, my sweet, speak to me! Linda, precious!" "Denny!" she whispered. "Oh, dearest, you're hurt!" "Just a scratch where the bullet grazed my cheek. But-you--you're all right?" "Yes." She wriggled experi- mentally. "Probably a little black and blue, but-" She raised ab- ruptly on one elbow and, finding herself in a huge bed in a strange room, added in sudden bewilder- ment, "Where am I?" "At the Lucky D Ranch. We brought you here a half hour ago, but details later. Right now I'm interested in only one thing. Did you mean it when you called me 'dearest' a moment ago? Oh, say you did, Linda," he pleaded. "Say you love me--just a little. I've lived an eternity since I saw you make that terrible leap. I know you did it to save my life, and I'm no end grateful, but what if something had happened to you?" "Or you," she added, the hunger in her eyes matching his own. "Oh, Denny, I've been such a little fool!" "No, darling. You've been brave, adorable, and much too good for the blundering fellow who loved you the minute he saw you this morning. But tell me you do care for me." She told him, lips to his; arms about his neck, clasping him as tightly as he clasped her, while sec- onds melted in the magic of kisses. And it was not until minutes later that she finally thought to ask: "But Slim, Denny--what became of him? And what made that chan- delier come down? Tell me all!" "O. K." He sat down on the bed and settled her comfortably against him. "Beginning with the chande- lier, I might say that the idea of having it raised and lowered on a rope wrapped around nails on the side wall was my own invention and working nicely until you turned acrobat. Then the nails gave way and Slim got the works." Linda paled. "You mean he is dead." "No--very much alive, in fact, but considerably damaged and now in the bunk house being patched up by some of the boys. You see, a couple of them at Silver City be- came suspicious when Slim followed us over the mountain, and they rode after him. When they discovered that we weren't at the ranch, they went on to my cabin, arriving just in time to find you unconscious and me half crazy for fear you might be worse than that." "Silly boy," Linda teased. "Grumpy and stern for hours, then suddenly-" "Don't," he begged, "remind me what a chump I've been. I should have told you the truth about Bob's scheme right off." "Bob's scheme?" Linda came up- right in his arms. "What was that?" "A wild attempt to show you the West as you imagined it was--hard riding, a tough mining camp, rough- necks rolling dice with your honor at stake!" He grinned. "In other words, a possible cure for the thrill chaser! The original plan called for Andy to take you over to Silver City on some pretext or other, but when he was called away and Bob wired me to arrange everything at the last minute, well, he had been so won- derful in getting me a job out here when I needed a start, that I just couldn't let him down!" "You mean-" "That the whole deal was a frame-up, staged by a company of actors on location. Bob got the idea when Andy wrote that some movie outfit had leased his mining property for a "Western." Naturally, the 