Strand Of Gold 111 "When the guard comes, I'll send it around to you by him. I had the devil's own time getting them to let me keep it." They talked a while longer, and then Billie left, promising to come back that afternoon if she could. She waited until the guard came out to her with the book, and then returned to Montycroft, to find a telegram waiting for her. It read: LOOKS LIKE JAMES NORCROSS ALIAS SMOOTH JIM ESCAPED CON- VICT STOP WAS SERVING LIFE SENTENCE DANNEMORA FOR MUR- DER STOP CAN YOU HELP AU- THORITIES LOCATE HIM Billie waited as patiently as she could until the time when she could see Len again without exciting any one's suspicions. Meantime, she telegraphed her friend in New York not to do anything until she heard from her. Immediately after luncheon she was again ushered into the booth where Len was waiting. "Len," she said, "you told me once that your father was a judge. Did a man named Norcross ever come before him? James Norcross?" Len nodded. "Sure did. Dad sent him up for life for murder, and this Norcross swore he'd get even. There was a lot about it in the papers at the time. I was personally sort of re- lieved when they convicted him. Why, what do you know about him?" "Nothing," Billie assured him vaguely. "I was just wondering if your father was the Judge Cooper I had read about who was on the bench during that trial. How's the food here?" Len said a great deal about the food, most of which must have made the gentleman with the ear phones very uncomfortable. And having thus successfully changed the sub- ject, Billie stayed a while longer, then went back to Montycroft. As she rode along, she was very thoughtful. Pieces of this jig-saw puzzle seemed to be fitting together now. This made the third and strongest motive for murder, in line with her theory of mistaken iden- tity. She called Holland on the phone immediately. "Mr. Holland," she said, "this is Billie Preston. I've got a proposi- tion to make to you which will be to your advantage as well as mine. Could you come out to Monty- croft?" Mr. Holland assured her that he was always willing, even eager, to hear propositions that were to his advantage. And would she have dinner with him at the inn that night. She would? Fine. That night Billie was just as care- ful in dressing as she would have been if she had been going out with Len. She strove for a touch of worldliness in her appearance, which would fool Mr. Holland. After they had ordered, Billie went directly to the point. "Mr. Holland," she said in a voice pitched so low that there was not the remotest possibility of its being overheard, "we might as well under- stand each other at once. To start with, we'll just pretend that you're James Norcross." Not the slightest flicker of sur- prise crossed his face. He laughed easily. "Of course that's crazy, but if it will please such a grand-looking girl, it's 0. K. with me." "Now what I want to know is this? Are you or aren't you, inter- ested in a certain treasure that Len Cooper knows about?" 