Folks who are "Naturally Skinny" Now Gain 5 lbs. in 1 week and Feel Fine! I GUESS I'M JUST NATURALLY SKINNY -CANT GAIN AN OUNCE I SAID THE SAME THING UNTIL I DISCOVERED KELP-A-MALT New Mineral Concen- trate From The Sea, Rich in FOOD IODINE Building Up Weak, Run Down Folks Where All Else Fails! Here's good news for "Naturally Skinny" folks who can't seem to add an ounce no matter what they eat. A new way has been found to add flattering pounds of good, solid flesh and fill out those ugly, scrawny hollows even on men and women who have been underweight for years; 5 pounds in 1 week guaran- teed--15 to 20 pounds in few weeks not uncommon. This new discovery, called Kelp-a- Malt, now available in handy tab- lets offers practically all the vitally essenlial food minerals in highly concentrated form. These minerals so necessary to the digestion of fats and starches--the weight-mak- ing elements in your daily diet-- include a rich supply of pre- cious FOOD iodine: Kelp-a -Malt's FOOD IO-DINE nour- ishes the in-ternal glands which control assimilation, the process of converting di- gested food into firm, solid flesh. 6 Kelp-a-Malt tablets con-tain more FOOD IO-DINE than 480 lbs. of spinach, 1600 lbs. of beef, 1389 lbs. of lettuce. Helps Correct Gas, Acidity, Constipation Large numbers of people are using Kelp-a-Malt for stomach troubles, gas, acidity, intestinal disorders and constipation. Kelp-a-Malt is rich in sodium which quickly converts an acid stomach to normal alkalinity. Also phosphorus and sulphur, the vital elements necessary for prompt elimination of body wastes. Try Kelp-a-Malt for a single week and notice the difference--how much better you sleep, how your appetite improves, how ordinary stomach distress vanishes. Watch flat chest and skinny limbs fill out, and flattering extra pounds appear. Kelp-a-Malt is prescribed and used by physicians. Fine for children, too. Remember the name, Kelp-a- Malt, the original kelp and malt tablets. Nothing like them so do not accept imitations. Try Kelp-a- Malt. Contains no yeast, doesn't cause bloating. If you don't gain at least 5 pounds in 1 week, the trial is free. 100 jumbo size tablets, 4 to 5 times the size of ordinary tablets cost but little. Sold at all good drug- stores. If your dealer has not yet received his supply, send $1 for special introductory size bottle of 65 tablets to the address below. SPECIAL FREE OFFER Write today for fascinating instructive 50-page book on How to Add Weight Quickly. Mineral Contents of Food and their effects on the human body. New facts about FOOD IODINE. Standard weight and measurement charts. Daily menus for weight building. Absolutely free. No obligation. Kelp-a-Malt Co., Dept. 248-A, 27-33 West 20th St., New York City. COMPARISON OF MINERALS IN KELP-A-MALT VS. VEGETABLES Kelp-A-Malt Tablets Contain 1. More Iron and Copper than 1 lb. of spinach. 7 1/2 lbs. fresh tomatoes. 3 lbs. of asparagus. 2. More Calcium than 1 lb. of cabbage. 3. More Phosphorus than 1 1/2 lbs. of carrots. 4. More Sulphur than 2 lbs. of to- matoes. 5. More Sodium than 3 lbs. of turnips. 6. More Potassium than 6 lbs. of beans. 7. More Magnesium than 1 lb. of celery. "GAINS 10 LBS. -FEELS FINE" "Have been under- weight for years due to digestive disor- ders. Gained 10 lbs. in few weeks. Now Feel like new per- son." Says Miss Betty Noever, Kan- sas City. Mo. KELP-A-MALT Tablets 