Thrill Chaser 25 plan called for a breath-taking flip of the dice as a finish, in which I would win and save you from the pack. However, your idea of slip- ping away appealed to me more, and I had planned to tell you the whole story on the way back to the ranch. Then the bullets started zipping, and, not knowing that Slim was around, I couldn't imagine what was up and decided not to say anything until I found out. Later, I made such a mess of everything that I thought the only sensible move was to let you return, wire Helene to pull the house party as originally planned, and follow you East to try my luck at winning you there." "Helene--house party!" Linda faltered. "You know my sister?" And to Denny's quick nod: "Oh, then you must be that interesting young man she tried to tell me about." " 'Interested,' you mean! I've wanted to know you ever since Ted sent me your snapshot taken at our Southampton place. I even wrote Helene to fix it for me when she and Bob took our house for the summer." "Your house!" Linda's eyes were wide. "Yes. I'm Courtney Kvale. Didn't you know? But of course not! The boys here call me 'Denny,' short for Dennison, my middle name. Andy suggested it when I first came. Said Courtney sounded too Park Avenue for a cowboy." "But you are one, aren't you?" Linda raised eager eyes to his. "I was, at first. Later Andy made me his partner. And just before he went East I arranged to buy his in- terest in the Lucky D, which means that you'll be a rancher's wife now, darling. But you won't mind that, will you?" he pleaded. "Mind it?" Linda's heart pranced. "I'll adore it. But, if you really loved me so much," she whispered, nestling close, "why did you ask me to draw that horrid chalk line and tell me to keep on my side of it?" Denny smiled a little. "Well, at the time, I probably imagined I was afraid to trust myself too close to you, honey. But now I can think of a much better reason." "And that is?" she asked softly. For a long minute he looked deeply at her. Then his head bent down, his arms closed tightly about her, and he said huskily, "Because chalk rubs out so easily, precious!" And in the next instant his lips flamed to hers in the burning ecstasy of first love; a love which Denny's kisses were promising would endure forever, transforming life into a glo- rious procession of thrills! Ashamed of your looks? Sallow Skin: Blemishes? Headaches? STOP CONSTIPATION This Simple, Pleasant Way DULL, blotchy skin, headaches, no pep--how often these are due to constipation! In many cases the real cause of consti- pation is insufficient vitamin B. If your case fails to respond to ordinary treatment, a shortage of this element is probably to blame. Therefore, with adequate vitamin B, elimination will be-come easy and regular. Yeast Foam Tablets furnish this factor in abundance. They are pure yeast--the richest known food source of the vitamins B and G. These elements stimulate the digestive system, give tone to intestinal nerves and muscles. Then, as elimination improves, energy revives, headaches go, the skin clears! Get a bottle of Yeast Foam Tablets at your druggist's today. For a free introductory package, write your name on the margin of this advertisement, tear out and send to the Northwestern Yeast Company, Chicago. 