140 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine and 21st, you will have restraint and delays and no voluntary changes should be made in business. Handle superiors with care and try not to allow your impulses to conflict with your judgment. May 21st and June 21st (Gemini) --Geminians born between May 21st and 27th will have good and bad days. The emotions will be difficult to control and the current week brings disconcerting and ex- citing conditions in the home. Try to fore- see difficult domestic conditions and be pre- pared. If born between June 1st and 10th, you will have petty occupational worries this week. Watch the diet and do not try to adjust confusion in the domestic situa- tion. This is a week of change, balance, and social advancement, if born between June 15th and 21st. Continue to progress. June 21st and July 21st (Cancer) --Cancerians born between June 21st and 26th will begin to realize the opportunities at hand. Exert every effort to arrange your affairs so that you can benefit. Pass up no change for advancement. An un- usually active week is at hand. If born between July 1st and 9th, you will have a satisfactory week mentally. Use your intui- tion and your ability to create. Worry about nothing; use common sense. If born between July 15th and 21st, you will find the week hectic. Do not place too much stress upon your emotional affairs. Avoid sensitivity. July 21st and August 22nd (Leo) --Leo people born between July 21st and 27th will find their attentions placed mostly upon domestic affairs, although this is a week when finances will absorb your inter- est. Utilize your talents and be aggressive in creating a foundation which will increase your income. If born between August 2nd and 11th, you will have a difficult week because of the tendency to be fearful about the outcome. You will be irritable and a bad companion. Try not to quarrel with the folks at home. Postpone letter writing, if possible. If born between August 15th and 22nd, you will have a trying week be- cause of restlessness and the desire to act, but through the force of circumstances there will be restriction which will be most dis- pleasing to you. The week socially is en- joyable. August 22nd and September 23rd (Virgo) --Virgo people born between August 22nd and 26th have opportunities at hand but your judgment is poor this week. Refuse to quarrel with any one or any policy. If born between September 1st and 9th, you will find your mind responsive this week. Inspiration and careful thinking will afford results which will surprise you. If born between September 15th and 23rd, you will have a pleasant week socially and the expenditure of money will bring you enjoy- ment. Be adaptable. September 23rd and October 22nd (Libra) --Librans born between September 23rd and 30th will find the week very satisfac- tory. Continued results will be apparent from past efforts and plans; it is a very active and busy seven days. If born be- tween October 1st and 10th, you will find your mind responsive this week and the intuition and mental functions are reliable. If born between October 15th and 22nd, there are features to the week which will not be entirely satisfactory. Social affairs will be enjoyable and some joy can be de- rived through the emotions, but changes and the unexpected are imminent and this will disturb you. Handle each development separately. October 22nd and November 21st (Scorpio) --The planets promise many good things for Scorpio people, but do not be discour- aged if everything does not come at once. The group which benefits first have birth- days between October 22nd and 28th and this week brings opportunities and busy days. If born between November 1st and 10th, you should make plans this week and rely upon your intuition. Follow routine cheerfully and do not to be too critical. If in the writing profession, you will find the week quite satisfactory. If born be- tween November 15th and 21st, you will not like some of the developments at this time, but the changes and restlessness can- not be helped. Do not be discouraged over delays and concentrate upon pleasure. Good socially. November 21st and December 20th (Sagittarius) --Sagittarians born between November 21st and 26th will find the week hectic in business matters. Do not make the mis- 