Forgotten Bride 49 "You heard Poke. Were doing what he says. We're waiting here until he lets us out, if we wait all night!" How long Dawn stood there sobbing, pounding, she couldn't have told. Seconds probably. To her it seemed an eternity. But, as her eyes grew accustomed to the soft darkness, and saw there the comforting security of everyday things--chairs, tables, book-lined walls--her panic left her, and some- thing almost like curiosity took its place. This was her room--Hilda Brian's room. The rugs she walked on, the books she read. "Might as well be comfortable," Phil said, and found an easy chair. He even lit a cigarette, and in the glare of the match, Dawn saw his face, pale and tense, but bright-eyed with excitement. Across from her, on the far side of the softly-carpeted room, a nook of deep set windows, gave out on a terraced garden. They were open, for Dawn saw dimly, the stirring curtains, and felt the cool night wind on her hot cheeks. Making her way toward them, Dawn leaned against the wide sill. The moon hung its golden lantern from a star-dotted sky. A cricket chirped. On the window ledge, almost beneath her hand, yellow chrysanthemums, in a huge blue bowl, sent their spicy fragrance through the room. She pushed them aside, and leaned, her hand still resting against the heavy vase, to stare out. Beyond the tree line, where the highway ran, a white ribbon in the darkness, cars were honking. On the other side of the room's thick walls, came shouts and cries and muffled laughter, but in the little shrub-enclosed yard below her eyes, the beauty and the stillness caught at Dawn's breath like a sob. In the magic of the low-riding moon, the lawn had become a shimmering, golden sea, with a tiny, vine-covered porch, awning gay, jutting out into it, like a ship. "A ship in full sail," Dawn thought. And she pictured herself on it, with Jack. Sailing out into that golden sea, away from all this trouble and sorrow and shame. She was still staring at it, blinking back the lonely, heartsick tears that filled her eyes, when she saw the white flutter of a woman's dress. A woman who, while Dawn watched her, walked slowly down the steps and out into the moon-sprayed night. That she was Hilda Brian, Dawn knew. Would have known it, she thought, had the night been black as pitch, because of the creep- ing chills that shook her. There was a man with her, too. From where Dawn leaned, she could see his tall, dark-clothed form, and the white blur that was his face. And she thought, with a scornful, twisted lip: "How cheap she is! Meeting her lovers here at her home, under her husband's very eyes! Lying to him, telling him she had a headache, and then sneaking out to meet a man! "If Jack could see her now!" she thought. "If Jack could only see her!" A walk of mossy flags, skirted the yard, and passing under the window where Dawn leaned, led to an out- side gate. Watching, Dawn saw them leave the shadow of the porch, and start down its narrow length, toward her, and suddenly her heart choked her, and the blood pounded against her temples. For the man's face wasn't a blur any more. It was a dark-eyed, thin-cheeked, familiar face. Jack's face! And, Dawn was LS--4A 