Fires Of Love 57 that this broad-shouldered, steady- eyed young Alaskan had the power of hiding, behind a mask of appar- ent indifference, whatever he might be feeling. Her smile faded to a look of pensive reflection. Gloria was won- dering what Kirk Ralston would say if he could see her now. His cynical eyes would go slowly over her outfit--the scarlet fur-lined moccasins, with heavy wool trousers tucked into their tops, the red-and- black plaid shirt open at the throat to reveal a V-shaped section of smooth white skin--and after a lei- surely survey he'd certainly nod his approval. "Ripping winter sports costume, Glory, old thing!" she could hear him drawl. And, after all, it was important what Kirk would think. Because in the end--no matter how many hearts she might break in this coun- try of black, silent forests, fierce, rushing blue rivers, and raw, virgin gold--it was Kirk whom she would marry. That had been tacitly set- tled ever since Gloria left finishing school. But the tall, slender girl in the colorful costume had no intention of letting thoughts of Kirk hamper her. Red McKenzie had so far baffled her most expert attempts at heart- breaking. He might be interested, but he refused to show it. "Wait till he sees me to-night!" she thought, and suddenly became aware of the rush and roar of the storm wind, outside her window. Inside the road house where her fa- ther had left her while he made a flying trip to one of his mines, it was warm and cozy. But out there, where night was beginning to add its terrors to the tumultuous drive of the blizzard, men were pitifully out- classed. Gloria raised a beautifully mani- cured hand to her wavy brown hair. She patted it into place, turned her head with the proud motion of a thoroughbred, and again smiled at the girl in the looking-glass. "You're a rascal!" she said in a low, thrilling voice. "And to-night, as usual, you're up to rascality!" She turned and went swiftly into the hall. Down wide stairs--each tread made of a single hewn log-- and into the big room where sus- pended kerosene lamps gave out a cheerful orange light. At the farther end of the long apartment, a great log fire roared and crackled up the chimney. Near the center of the room stood a large Klondike stove, which really furnished the grateful warmth on nights like this. The room was deserted, save for a solitary figure, standing with its back to the stove. Gloria, coming down the last four steps, was acutely aware of the steady scrutiny of those enigmatic gray eyes. She knew that her entrance was enough to set any man's heart to beating fast. Then her own heart did a quick little bound and began to race. Red McKenzie was coming toward her! Not only that, but the mask was gone from his handsome, masterful face, and his eyes burned with an expression she had never seen in them before. "Gloria!" he cried. Just that one word. But Gloria suddenly knew that neither Kirk Ralston nor any of the other men with whom she played around back in New York could have said as much in five minutes. She stood on the bottom step, her dusky-red lips parted, her cheeks flushed, her eyes sparkling. Suddenly and amazingly, she felt the wild impulse to turn and run. There was something in that deeply 