52 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine and laughing! I can hear the laugh in her voice!" "-- about Dawn. I'll see she doesn't come here again. Leave that to me. I warned Poke to- night." And suddenly, before Dawn could move, or tear herself away, those beautiful white arms had crept up and were about Jack's neck, and those beautiful, laughing lips were whispering against his face: "Won't you kiss me, Jack, before you go? Won't you tell me you love me? I need it--oh, so terribly, my very, very dear!" And Dawn had her hands before her eyes and was praying: "Make me blind, God! Make me blind and deaf!" It was Phil, calling her name, that brought her about in stunned sur- prise. She had forgotten he existed. Had forgotten that he was in the same room or the same world. "Dawn!" he was crying as he hur- ried toward her. "What's the mat- ter? What are you seeing out there in the garden? Ghosts?" But halt- ing beside her, his eyes followed hers, and his breath became an in- drawn whistle. "Whew! Hilda Brian and Jack Laird! And there's Poke now--he's opening the door! He's coming in! He's right behind us! If he catches them down there --those two--he'll kill them both!" And then, Poke was behind Dawn, his breath hot on her cheek, and caught by the tenseness that held both Dawn and Phil, Poke was whispering too: "What's wrong with you kids? What's going on out there? Move over--let me see." Dawn had no time to think, no time to analyze the emotions that prompted her. Primitive facts beat against a mind suddenly as primitive as a child's. Down there in the moonlight, be- low the window where she stood, was Jack, his arms about Hilda. Her lips against his. In a second, unless she did something, Poke Brian, Hilda's husband, would see him there, and kill him. Kill Jack! And, with a frightened sob and a wild, crazy sweep of her arm, Dawn grabbed the first thing her fright- ened fingers could touch--the huge blue bowl, with its heavy freight of flowers and water, and sent it careening madly toward the floor and Poke's feet. To those two people below that opened window, the crash, coming against the sudden silence as it did, must have sounded like the crack of doom. Dazedly, Dawn was conscious of them. Conscious of Jack's white, upturned face and of his startled, distended eyes. Swifty, almost, as the click of a camera lens, their gaze met and held; then Poke, the window and what lay beyond it forgotten, was nursing an aching ankle, and swearing softly to him- self, and Phil had his fingers on her arm and was dragging her toward the door, while across an empty dance hall, where hurrying waiters cleaned and righted and sorted, lay the night and Phil's waiting car. They were on their way back to town, before, so it seemed to Dawn, she had begun once more, to breathe. Phil's hands were trembling on the wheel, his lips were trembling. He was laughing beneath his breath, hysterical almost, as a woman. "You certainly wrecked old Poke," he said, "knocking those flowers on him, the way you did! But if you hadn't! Gosh! It would have meant murder, sure as I'm living! A double murder!" 