The Friend In Need 157 the second girl, and have other girl friends, too. By the time a couple of years pass things will clear up for you, not only in your own mind, but financially, too, and you'll be more sure as to what you should do. Dear Mrs. Brown: Two years ago when I graduated from business school I found a position with a firm of lawyers. I was then eighteen years old. The firm consists of four lawyers; my job is to take dictation from one of them, and help out another member of the firm. The other two have their own stenographers. The lawyer I worked for is a bachelor around thirty-two. For about a year everything was all right, and I liked my job. Then he started to tell me funny stories, and asked me personal questions as to how many boy friends I had, how often I dated them, did I go to dances, et cetera. Then he surprised me by asking if I would kiss him. I said, "Not unless I'm forced to," but didn't realize at the mo- ment how foolish, and perhaps even invit- ing, this remark must have sounded. Anyway, a day or so later, he put his arms tight around me from behind as I was sitting at my desk, and kissed me. This happened many times. Of course, I pro- tested, but he seems to make it a sort of habit. He's asked me several times to go out with him, but so far I've refused. He hasn't gone beyond kissing me. I would hate to resign as I like my work, and need the money, and work is rather scarce just now. Also, I am almost the sole support of our family. I've asked him countless times to leave me alone, but he just laughs it off. He kisses me when I least expect it. I don't know what to do. Am I doing wrong in allowing him to go on like this? A girl can flirt and kiss other men, and it seems all right, but when it comes to her employers, why is it different, and con- sidered terrible? I know that if the other girls in the office knew about this they'd be gossiping about me all the time. Secretary Beth. Business is business, and as a general rule, flirtations between girls and their employers mix no better than oil and water. There's no question that there exists the type of man who labors under the impression that just because he pays a girl's salary he can play Romeo during business hours. Judging from your letter, how- ever, I doubt very much if your em- ployer would go on kissing you, once you really put your foot down and make it very plain to him that this sort of thing must stop. If he's a gentleman he will not force his at- tentions on you, if you show him that his advances are distasteful to you. But perhaps your vanity is flattered that he's keen enough about you to ask you to go out with him, and there may be something in your actions which does not quite convince him that you actually re- sent his advances. You may not have been firm enough with him. Of course, if he persists, you'll have to find another way out. Couldn't you talk to the head of the firm, for instance, and ask him to assign one of the other girls to take this man's dictation? Dear Mrs. Brown: I was married at nineteen and have been very unhappy. I have tried my best to make our marriage a success, but somehow, things went wrong. Bill and I both worked after we were married, and though neither of us earned a great deal, our combined earnings were enough to provide a fairly comfortable living. However. Bill started to drink, and when I begged him to stop, he paid no attention to me. Finally his drinking cost him his job. I never wanted very much. I wanted a little home, furniture of our own, and was satisfied with few clothes. But no matter how hard I tried, I didn't seem to be get- ting anywhere. I left Bill four times be- cause I couldn't stand seeing him drunk around the house, and because I hoped it would wake him up. He promised to do better each time I left, and, of course, I always went back. When I found out finally that I couldn't go on like this, and that I didn't really love him any more because he had killed all the feeling I've ever had for him, I left town. Once in a while I went out with 