37 Cornflower-blue heart commenced a wild pounding in her throat. Bill took her hands gently into his own big ones. "Shall we go up and spoil Adela's party?" Barbara started up from the log. "Oh, no--please!" Bill's laugh was a joy to hear. "I knew you wouldn't want to. You're too brave and sweet and honest." "Oh, no! No, I'm not. I was afraid out there in the lake. I was afraid you were going to drown me, and I wanted desperately to live." "So you continued to risk your life to get me to safety. Just as you risked it earlier to-day when it was perfectly obvious that you were frightened to death of a horse. That's the kind of courage we like in the West, my dear. That's why you're going back there with me." "Back there with you?" He was laughing again--a tender, mocking laugh. "Do you think for a minute that I'd take 'No' for an answer? Sweet little Barbara! I've been trying to get you alone ever since I met you, but Adela was play- ing dragon. She played it again to- night when I asked you both for a swim. She said you were afraid of the water when it was cold and she didn't want to leave you. And all the time she thought I didn't know she was lying." "But--why did you kiss her to- night?" "Because she all but asked for it. Because that was the pay she wanted. And so I gave it to her. Right on her sweet, lying lips--with a kiss that was a lie. But I didn't kiss her the way I'm going to kiss you." Big arms swept about her sud- denly and firm lips came down upon hers and Barbara knew that never in all her gay, spoilt life had Adela Ash been kissed like that. After a long interval Bill lifted her in his arms. "Baby!" he whispered. "I've got to look after you from now on. Off you go to bed and you're not to get up till noon to-morrow. After that we'll go into the details that'll turn you into a ranch wife back in Montana." Back in Montana! Somehow it sounded like home. Her head drooped wearily against Bill's shoul- der as he carried her toward the lodge, but her heart was singing an endless little song of its own. And not even Bill saw that in one small brown fist she clutched for a talis- man a tiny scrap of cornflower-blue. London Dry Gin Everyone enjoys the tasty flavor and delicate aroma of a really fine gin. Ask for Hiram Walker's Lon-don Dry Gin. You will find it de-serving of the 75-year reputation of all Hiram Walker products. Hiram Walker &amp; Sons Peoria, Illinos This advertisement is not intended to offer alcoholic beverages for sale or delivery in any state or community where the advertising, sale or use thereof is unlawful. 