14 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine devil-may-care ease with which he drove the car, the expert sureness which brought him about the final curve and to an abrupt halt almost at the edge of the station platform. Then, the instant he sprang out, she knew better. The feeling went deeper than a momentary thrill. It was something about the man himself--tall, deep- chested in his cowboy regalia. Something about his eyes that were steely-gray and keen in his lean, sun- burned face. "Hi, Denny!" Linda's compan- ion hailed the newcomer. "Andy's niece is here. Miss-" He looked at her questioningly. "Carroll!" Linda supplemented, stepping forward a little breath- lessly. "Linda Carroll. Mr. Wal- ton was expecting me." "Yes, I know. But didn't you re- ceive his telegram?" was the quick response. "It should have been de- livered to you on the train!" "Oh!" A faint flush crept up in Linda's cheeks. "It probably would have, only I left the train and flew part way because-" She almost said, "because I couldn't wait to get here," but changed it quickly to, "because I don't like trains. They're too pokey!" "That's too bad." Steely-gray eyes were taking quick note of the suitcases and overnight bag ranged beside her. "Because I'm afraid that is the only way you'll be able to leave." "Leave," Linda gasped. "But I can't! I mean, I've just come, and surely there must be some place to stay until my uncle returns." "I'm afraid he won't be return- ing right away. You see, his son in Chicago is pretty ill, so it may be a week or more before he gets back. Of course, you would be more than welcome at the Lucky D if-" "If what?" Linda demanded, when he halted uncertainly. "If he hadn't sold it to his part- ner just before he left." "Sold it? Then he won't be re- turning to the ranch?" "No. He's quit ranching to at- tend to his mine over in a place called Silver City." Linda thought a moment. "Then he'll probably go there." "Yes, so you see-" "I do," came Linda's decisive in- terruption. "I see that the sensible thing is for me to go over there and wait for him." "But you can't do that," Denny objected. "You don't understand. It isn't a regular city; just one of those places that sprang up quickly." "Marvelous!" Her face was sud- denly radiant. "I always wanted to see a mining camp, the sort that grew overnight. There's a hotel of sorts, I suppose?" "You could call it that. How- ever, I don't think you ought to go." "Fine!" she declared. "I always adore places other people disap- prove of." "But, Miss Carroll, it's all of sixty miles from here. Fifty by car and the rest on horseback over the roughest kind of trail. I know. I just came from there." "And you are going back now?" "Perhaps, after I leave this mail sack. But I tell you-" "Please!" She pouted. "Don't try, because my mind is made up. The point is, will you be kind enough to take me back with you?" "If you insist," he said shortly. "But I still claim it's not the place for a girl. No women in camp, and the men a pack of hard-looking characters. I wouldn't be responsi- ble for what might happen to you." "Which makes the picture per- 