The Silver Duke 79 "A little," Janine admitted honestly. "Don't be. I'll take good care of you and see that you get safely home again. We can go up the shore a ways and get steamed clams and cold beer at a place I know. Dance, too, if you want to." Janine nodded, and he picked her up and put her into the boat as easily as if she had been a doll. The boat went like the wind, seeming to leap into the velvet night. Away they roared out of the bay and up the coast line. Janine drew in great lungfuls of the fresh air, and gradually the tiredness, the horrible weariness left her. At a dock miles up the coast, the Duke shut off the engine and they floated to anchor beside a long, dimly lighted building. Music reached out gay hands to them, and Janine's feet tingled to be dancing once more, even though it was with a Swantownian. The building was crude on the outside, but inside there was an ex- cellent floor with tables all around the dimly lighted room, a good orchestra and an oyster bar that went the entire length of the room. Duke might have been Carleton Vance himself, he was so courteous, and Janine forgot that he wasn't some new boy whom she had met in Beverly. Oh, well, she was just Jimmy Brown now, and girls of Swanton went with men like the Silver Duke and "Danny the Knife." "Like it?" the Duke asked, bend- ing his tall head as they finished their cold beer and fried oysters, to join the dancers. "I love it. It was nice of you to invite me. Buddy practically shang- haiied you into it," Janine laughed. "No, she didn't. I could have said I had a date. Truth is, I'm fed up on this lone-wolf business, and keen on having a pretty girl to dance with." "I thought if young men didn't have those tilings, it was because they didn't want them," observed Janine innocently. "Surely there are plenty of good-looking girls just aching to go places." The face of the man looked bleak, and his mouth became a grim line. Jan looked at him in surprise. Now he looked like the other men of Swantown, and she had thought him different. Then he laughed. "Maybe there aren't, too many Jimmy Browns in Swantown," he said lightly. "You can't tell me you were born there." "Not very far from where I stay now," Janine said quietly. "I had been away working, but I had to leave, so I came to the Margaret when I heard there was a job open there." "I should think you'd be too good-looking to be out in service. You wouldn't be a comfortable per- son for other girls to be with under the same roof." Janine looked quickly at her com- panion, but he was plainly not try- ing to flatter her, for he was look- ing thoughtfully over her head, evi- dently thinking ever what she had said. "That was the reason I left. An- other girl made her mother fire me," Janine admitted. The door swung open, and a group of young people rushed in and took possession of the bar. Janine started, for at their head was Lutie, who should have been at their Northern summer home. Her cousin's companions were strangers to her. Lutie pounded on the bar. "Ac- tion! We want action!" Janine winced, hoping Lutie 