84 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine "Oh, does it matter?" Janine cried. "Can't you leave me alone?" "Well, how about coming back?" "Does he know I am your cousin?" Janine asked. "No, you had kept it quiet, so I did, too. Coming back?" "No," flared Janine angrily. "Now go back where you belong." Lutie laughed. "Suppose I tell the police that the man they want keeps his boat tied up at the Wilson Slip?" "You wouldn't!" whispered Ja- nine. "Not unless my other plans fail. He's rather a touch-me-not, isn't he, but when that type fall, they fall hard. And I'm going to be right there for him to fall on." "But you have Carleton," Janine reminded her. "Say, you don't think wre're in love? His dad and my mother are crazy for the match. But Carleton and I made an agreement that we're each to have our own fun." Janine turned away without re- plying. She heard Lutie's high, sil- very laugh following her, like the jangle of small brazen bells, and her face flushed with fury. Lutie and the Duke. Lutie and the Duke. It rang in her ears all the long evening, as she sat on the edge of her cot looking up at the silver stars swinging in the black velvet sky. The Duke hadn't been at the Margaret to bring her home to-night. Lutie had coaxed him away with her somewhere, and if she had not hated her cousin before, Janine hated her now with an in- tense, consuming hatred. That night, alone in the tiny room, she faced the real truth, something that she had been afraid to do until now. She knew she loved the Duke; loved him so craz- ily, madly, that nothing else on earth mattered. Time not spent with him was a nightmare to be lived somehow. It was nearly nine the next night when Janine finished her work at the Margaret. The Duke wasn't waiting there to-night, either. Slowly, drearily, Janine went home. She walked up the hot, reek- ing stairs to her room, and as she stood fumbling for her key, she heard Lizette's voice, and with it the Duke's, and was instantly wildly happy once more. As she opened the door, Lizette sprang up. "I asked the Duke up to wait. I'm off for a week-end at Eddie's ma's," Lizette explained, and hur- ried out. Janine looked at the Duke. He was standing beside her open trunk. It wasn't the first time she had come home to find that Lizette had been rummaging in it. Expensive dresses and silken lingerie were strewn over the edge of it. A silver slipper lay on the dingy carpet; a lacy negligee was thrown over a chair. All the lovely clothes Aunt Millie had man- aged to shower on her niece were exposed to the Duke's eyes. "Lizette was showing me your things," he said in an odd voice. He whirled, catlike, and caught Janine by the shoulders, shaking her until her hair flew in a wild mess over her face. "Jimmy, I could have sworn you were as sweet and honest as you looked." Janine stared at him, dazzled. His eyes were flaming. He cared as much as that! "I actually walked the floor nights swearing because I hadn't kissed you again. I held off because your mouth was so untaught, I thought. I find you are my equal--no, worse, for I never claimed, to be anything 