86 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine yours and get them by doing house- work." "Go away," Janine cried. "If you think that of me, you can't go too quickly." "Before I satisfy my hunger for your mouth?" he cried savagely. Something in his face made Janine cry out. "Wait, let me-" "I won't wait," he cried roughly, and crushed her close to him. She could feel the steely muscles that so often had made her think of a tiger's. She struggled to free her- self from the savagery of the mouth that swept down hers, couldn't, and then she didn't want to. All she wanted was him to keep on kissing her in this mad way. Time enough for explanations later. Tides of magic were sweeping over her, carrying her away from the safe harbors Janine Broun had known. She had become a wild thing in the Silver Duke's arms. Oh, she'd gladly marry him and hide with him. What did she care for Beverly and its calm, prearranged marriages? Things were whirling about her, and some of the madness passed. She was fighting a force she couldn't understand, fighting the Duke and losing, under his hot, cruel lips. Then she was sent staggering back against the wall, and the Silver Duke was gone. Slowly the room straightened and became just a dingy room in Swan- town. The magic that had trans- formed it was ugly passion that had nearly carried her away in its swift current. Janine sank down into a chair, shaking from head to foot. She knew now why Buddy had married a gangster, dark-eyed, vivacious Buddy. Why, Janine was so in love with the Silver Duke, she couldn't even think straight. Perhaps she slept, she never after- ward knew, but somehow the hot dawn was in the room and she was draggingly dressing for another day. A day without the Duke, for he wouldn't be back, ever, and she couldn't do as Lutie did--follow him to explain and coax him back. At Mrs. Babbie's door, Janine saw Anne's car. Anne was upstairs in the Margaret, waiting for her. She cried out at the sight of Janine and put her arms around her. "Poor kid, you look all in. I came just in time, I guess." "I thought you were still up North," Jan said, dropping into a chair. "No, we came home early. It wasn't any fun without you. I sup- pose you know that your aunt and Lutie didn't go, after all. That's what I came about, to ask you to come home." "Did Lutie send you?" Jan asked coldly. "No. Don't be that way with me, Jan. Your aunt sent for you. Lutie and Carleton eloped last night and saved the trouble and expense of a big wedding. His house is nearly done, so they plan to stay at a re- sort until it is ready. Your aunt al- ways wanted you back, but we both knew you wouldn't come until Lutie left." "I can't leave Mrs. Babbie with- out notice," Janine said weakly, and it seemed as though she'd die if she didn't get out of Swantown right away. Anne smiled. "The girl who used to work for her came back, so you can leave this minute." Janine felt faint from relief. Anne studied her white face anxiously. But Janine rallied almost at once, and in no time at all her packing was done, good-bys at the Home were said, and the two girls were 