Office Scandal 135 He couldn't put his arms around her, couldn't kiss her and make her change her mind--not with a good- looking ex-sweetheart in the room. Pasts didn't bother him. That's what Bruce had said. Well--Jill tossed her head scornfully--she hoped this one would--plenty! She ought to fall in love with Harry Borden just to spite Bruce. She ought to- But Jill couldn't think any further. She didn't dare let herself think, for fear she might forget that she hated Bruce Carroll now, and only remembered that last night she had loved him. At ten to eight Jill felt like run- ning away. Any place where she wouldn't have to see either Harry or Bruce again--ever. Her fingers were shaking so she could scarcely hold her lipstick, and her lips were quivering so she could hardly get it on straight. And then the bell rang. For a moment she was afraid it was Bruce, and for a fraction of a second she hoped it might be. But it wasn't. It was Harry Borden. "Lady!" His glance traveled over Jill's slim figure admiringly. "You sure look good to me. No wonder I bobbed up out of the past to claim you. You can make up your mind you're not going to get away from me again." Of course, Jill knew he was only pretending, and he smiled when he said it, but there was something about that smile that made her feel little and alone. "I won't keep you long," she said hurriedly. "Bruce won't stay. He's not the kind to push himself where he's not wanted." "And we'll show him he's not wanted here. Won't we, gorgeous?" He took a step toward Jill, and she noticed with a shiver of distaste that he had been drinking. "Leave it to me; I'll get rid of Bruce." That was what she wanted, Jill reminded herself--to get rid of Bruce. But something was wrong, and suddenly she knew. It was Harry Borden! He was what was wrong. She should never have brought him here. Jill realized, then, that she couldn't bear to have Bruce think she loved a man like Harry Borden. "It's no use." She faced him de- terminedly. "I've changed my mind. I can't go through with this. I can't pretend that I ever loved you." "You can't!" Harry wasn't smil- ing any longer. "You thought you could this morning, and I'm sure you can now. You asked me to come here, didn't you?" he asked darkly. "You invited me to play the part of an old sweetheart. Well, I'm play- ing it, and I intend to keep right on--" The sound of the bell interrupted him. It was Bruce! Jill looked about wildly. She had an absurd impulse to push Harry Borden un- der something--anywhere, to hide him, to get him out of the way. But Harry had no intention of be- ing hidden. He reached out and grasped Jill roughly. "Come on! Let's put on an act that will convince him. Let's do this up right." Jill jerked away. She ran to the door and flung it open to admit Bruce Carroll. For a moment she thought he wasn't coming in. He stared at Harry Borden and back again at Jill. Jill's hands automatically flew to her hair. She knew how she must look--flushed, slightly disheveled, exactly like a girl who has just been kissed. Harry spoke first. "Don't you think you're intrud- ing? Perhaps you can't see this is 