96 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine such a bad disposition, Mr. Ross." His brows narrowed as he stared at her. He couldn't help but notice that she possessed a rare beauty. A beauty that was more than per- fect features. A beauty that was vitally alive. But he had no use for girls, especially beautiful girls. "I don't believe I've ever met you before," he said with no eagerness in his voice. "You haven't," she answered. "I'm Thelma Huston. I'm here with my mother in the next cabin. I asked Mr. Cromwell and he told me your name. I didn't bring any recommendations with me, but I think, if you'll put the book aside, you might find that I'm not terribly boring." "I'm sorry," he said abruptly, "but I'm not in a conversational mood. Besides, I just remembered that I have some letters to write." He rose to his feet, tall and hand- some. A romantic figure with a white broadcloth shirt that was open at the throat. Thelma waited a few moments, her cheeks stained red, then got up and walked slowly back to her own cabin. In all her life no man had ever been so rude to her. And the crudest part of all, was that she should receive this rebuff from the one man in the world whom she was most anxious to interest. During the short time that she had been sitting opposite him, she had felt her heart melt. She had felt that every particle of her be- longed to him. Had he held out his hands to her, she would have come to him in happy surrender. He was cold; he was aloof; he was cruel. Yet, deep in her heart, she knew that she had fallen madly in love with him. That he was the one man she had been waiting for. The man who could stir her without even touching her. Her mother was still asleep, so she walked about the ranch aimlessly. Soon she reached the corral. She leaned against the log fence and watched the antics of the horses within. Her cheeks still burned. Some one came up and stood be- side her. "Mind if I introduce my- self?" that some one asked. Thelma turned her head and saw a nice-looking young man of twenty- one, the collegiate type, rather slim, with pale cheeks. "Not at all," she said, although she would have pre- ferred to be alone. "I'm Phil Ross," he said. "I'm Steve's brother. I should also add eavesdropper. I happened to be in the room off the porch when you came up to the cabin. I heard the whole thing and I felt sorry for you. I think you're swell. You're a real sort of a girl. That's why I went out to look for you. "I want to tell you about Steve. He's not as rude as he pretended to be. You just happened to hit him at a rotten time. He's sore at all girls now and he thinks they're all poison. "Some time ago, a girl named Natalie Fulton came up to our place looking for a job as a stenographer. She was the prettiest thing I had ever seen. Steve fell in love with her on the spot. When they went out, there wasn't a head that didn't turn to stare at her. And was he proud! "Two weeks ago she eloped with a millionaire Steve had introduced to her. There was no good-by, no word of regret. I always suspected that she was a gold digger, but Steve thought she really loved him. "He came out here for a few weeks to forget. He's bitter. So you see you stepped in at a bad moment." LS--6A 