The mask 8 9 November 1918 naau_1918-11_01 The mask 8 9 A GARDEN THEATRE SHOWING GROUND PLAN AND SECTION. 1 a.a. Positions for groups of Figures. b. Littie Temple. c. c. c. c. wings. Illustration 1 WEOF THE NEW MOVEMENT. E. G. C cre 1-3 Untitled Image Illustration 3 SIZE. JOHN SEMAR cre 3 GENEROUS. 4 Untitled Image Illustration 4 BOOK REVIEWS. 4 A BOOK MAY BE AS GREAT A THING AS A BATTLE. Disraeli. 4 THE DRAMA TIC RECORDS OF 4 THE DIAL : A Fortnightly Journal 4 A WORD FROM LAO TZU. 4 rT'he First Emperor of the later Chin 4 PRINCE AND POET. BOCCACCIO'S Life of Dante cre 4 IF YOU CAREFULLY WATCH FOR 4 HTLJC 1\ /f A CIS 1 oil, MAbfv A MONTHLY LEAFLET OFTHE ART OF THE THEATREPRICE ONE PENNYVOLUME EIGHT: NUMBER NINEADDRESS: BOX 444. FLORENCE All rights reserved November 1918.Gerente responsabile : Giulio Vanzi.Tipografia Giuntina. Firenze. ANCIENT COMEDY PRESERVED THE MASK, AND IT DID WELL, FORTHE MASK IS THE SECRET OF ITS POWER. Charles Nodier. A GARDEN THEATRESHOWING GROUND PLAN AND SECTION. a.a. Positions for groups of Figures. b. Littie Temple. c. c. c. c. wings. THIS is the Garden Theatre in the Grossen Garten,Dresden:... the section shows you (1) the seats for thespectators raised on 5 (or is it 7) steps ; (2) the orchestra ;(3) the stage ; (4) the hinter-scene in perspective; but forthis last you will refer to the plan. Altogether a delightfulconception. Most open air theatres in private gardens of thepresent day are mere lawns decked up on occasion like themare's tail of the well-to-do farmer. A modern hostess isvery artistic.... so much so that it is unnecessary to call uponthe services of an architect to design a theatre.... the flatlawn, a few lanterns and bits of costume will do to hermind. Add to that a few friends who can wave their armsso as to sadly imitate the imitators of the great Dancer,.... and 10, Art is at last with us. The sadness of theperformance is by no means decreased because of the sol- emnity of the performance.But the expenses are thus curtailed.... and that is by nomeans unimportant with some very wealthy people. Nay,in some instances money is even made by such shows, whileever-ready and obliging Journals are glad to send photogra- phers to chronicle the event and record a performance of the20 th century for those of the 21st to marvel at. WEOF THENEW MOVEMENT. E. G. C. A LETTER TO THE LAWLESSONES.... THOSE WITH TALENT.... THAT'S YOU?... WHAT? MY dear Rogues and Vagabonds :...We are a bad lot, you know,from the point of view of the GarrickClub — and probably of the PlayersClub in New York, the old fogies in theUniversities in Mokeshane.... everyone,everywhere....We are up against something.It used to be the clergy, — but asyou know there are some mighty finehearty old friends of ours amongst theClergy. Doctors, too,... except thepet doctors, are with us.You like them?.... so do I. I havealways found them the friends of ar- tists.... especially the independent ar- tists.... the rebellious ones.Who else is for us ? Well, now Icome to think of it mostly everyone.Who's against us, then ?Nearly Everybody.At least so the Garrick Club wouldsuggest, I expect.. and the Players ?...I query that, for I really don'tknow what kind of hearty hosts thesegentlemen are as a body. I never wasinvited by them to any function.... norhave I all my life heard from any butone member of that great AmericanBody. It's true I've heard indirectlyfrom Belasco.... who was graciousenough to say I had written a goodand useful book. I suppose he is amember of the Players.But what the deuce is it doing asa representative club in not expressingin some definite manner its fullest ap- preciation or its greenest contempt forthis our New Movement ?We are 1 suspect !, we awful revo- lutionaries.... we " new n people.... weold -as-the-hills folk. At least we mustbe allowed to think so until our bigbrothers brace up and take the fatalplunge and come up with us in abody.Why now I can't guess.We stand for good by our Move- ment.... we don't mean any tricks....we don't want to steal any of theClub writing paper-., we are HonestInjuns. Well then, why all this hol- ding back ?...There's Mackaye huddling behinda screen somewhere in the smokingroomwhat's he doing in a clubwhich doesn't welcome the whole packof us? What's all this Imitation Eng- land doing in America ? ?... PseudoGarrick Club tactics.It won't d 0.... Still, I've told youwhy it is. We are less nice than weought to be if we attended to theirways a bit more and followed them....instead of being so raw,... so rough....so independent.Are we to attend to them.... or togo our own path ?Well, I think we can lay downno lav/ for this. So far as I cansee we must go on —at all costs goon. That phrase 11 at all costs 33 hasa certain twang of desperation aboutit, but our situation is anything but a de- sperate one. If anything it is in someways a little too easy.Liberty is always a little too easy,remember the n remember n of thatsentence being for the youngest mem- bers of our band. Still it is thrownaway on them, for how can theyremember that which they have not yetexperienced ?Anyhow we who have gone some ofthe way.... Those of us past 35,...or perhaps 36.... can understand thatit is not the breaking free from oldbonds that is really the difficult thing ;it is to know where not to break, andwhere and how to unite a littlebroken thread or two.And it is this breaking old bondsand making new paths and doing thework of pioneers that leaves us in thecondition I spoke of above as n lessnice ff. Lack of sustenance and of re- finements is apt to bring that about:don't you see how the presence ofsome silver on the table, and n waiter,bring me a clean plate 33, would helpto give us that nicer manner.... thattone which we lack and (you remem- ber) Bonaparte's Generals all lacked :...how they horrified the n Clubs 33 inthose days ... those men who weremaking history!Well, you are making history too.It's a delicious feeling,... what?When one is in doubt about it thepain in the tummy reminds 0ne,...don't let us talk of the heart.... let usleave that to the gentler ones of theClubs. We need.... positively need....our periods of abstinence..,, one mustn'toverdo it, you know,... but it's souseful.... though when it becomes afixed state one revolts and one is aptto be still more n less nice 3f. Butthen abstinence, which our charitablefriends at the Garrick or Players or roundtea-tables plot for us !f for our good n,...from Christian motives.... and whichthey tactfully force us without forceso endure, is not nice either ; and itit particularly nasty to spirits more sen- sitive than mine.... a humour lessbuoyant..., than ours.I can well understand how an articlein the Quarterly killed poor JohnKeats.... and how all the lies of thetea-tables presided over by Lady By- ron failed to kill Lord Byron.Neither Keats nor Byron were33 nice 33 :... no artists are:... we neednot be proud of this.... we have toaccept it as a fact: it's only whenyou decide to join the Liars' or thePlayers or the Garrick that you pre- tend to be n nice n,... and try to for- get about that vulgar thing Art:... andpretending, you come to forget thatoutside the dear Club are really asgood fish as ever came into it.It's a pity we can't be 33 nice 33 andyet remain artists ... but it can't bedone. Read for example the tales ofthe Middle Ages.... the 13th Centurytales.... they are not at all nice, but theyare packed with what a work of artmust have in it.... reality and not pre- tence. Read the tales of the Greeks...the Chinese.... the Indian tales.... theEgyptian and the Latin tales :... thewriters if they lived today wouldarouse the animosity of all the Englishchiefs of the great Tribe of PaleFaces.... No, now I come to think ofit they are not at all pale.... some arehearty dogs.... hearty as honest 1ag0....There's one Englishman in New York,...what a hearty fellow. ..But I must get on.If such writers as I have mentionedwere alive today and wrote their tremen- dous master-pieces, the Editor of some13 Century 33 or other would ask his sub- editor if she knew these fellows, andshe would reply that they were notexactly nice. The Clubs.... the ladies'Clubs.... would approve the sub-editor....the manager of some Little Theatre(commercial brand).... a sort of goodMr Winthrop Ames, would look clas- sically peevish.... noble if peevish....and calling unto him that ever-readyHamilton would say unto him.... n Tellme, my good man, are these decent ? 33And Hamilton would reply, n TheEditor of 11 Vogue 13 told me theyweren't ".... and Mr Winthrop Ameswould draw a long lot of air in intohim and say nothing till he'd let itout again, and then say nothing, butthink to himself,... 31 How awful theymust be, then! 33 and Mudie wouldwrite to 33 Vogue 31 and 33 Vogue 33 toHamilton, and Hamilton to Ames, andAmes to Mudie and Mudie to theGarrick and the Garrick to the Players,and there would be a fine feelingamongst them all that they were inthe majority; and all the ladies would be set talking, and the lies wouldspread and.... Art would mark timefor a while.All because ignorance was sufferingunder the delusion that to be Nicewas the first and last thing.And yet bear this in mind ; whileit's not the one and only thing it is agreat deal, and it is of great value.Hamlet is not always nice, nor theMerchant of Venice, nor Othello, butsomehow or other Shakespeare i 5.... Iwas going to say, balanced...• not ascrap of it. Shakespeare is excentric,beyond all words excentric. That's whyhe's Shakespeare and not Pinero:...and Pinero is not so n nice n neither ;that's what makes him Pinero. Why,Pinero would be with us today werehe 35.... or 36.And so would most of these oldermen.... possibly are:... but it's the ragtag and bobtail which make up a Club,you know.... the dear little black- balls.Anyhow I suggest we think of this alittle in our new Movement, so thatat any rate we avoid being outthe fashion.... or in it.There sit Messrs Non-Committaland Co, these good gentlemen, havinga pow-wow in the gilded smoke-roomsof some club and separating to spreadtheir ancient principles afresh. Thatthey have damned what is good in ourTheatres is obvious, for, had they notdone so, they would long ago havebeen heard and seen to bless it withraised hands from the Sacred Templein Garrick Street and GrammmercyPark.They live to damn what they con- sider is 11 a bad influence 33 or 11 a greatpity 11 or n most rash n or n old-fashio- ned !f or 33 clever clever but whata pity he drinks I 33Now, we don't drink, we NewMovement folk we drink no morethan those at the Garrick. We arein every respect exceedingly virtuouspeople, for we are as abstemious asare these Garrickites, Playerites, Cen- turyites, Vogueites, Commercialites, andthe rest of the little tights.The New Movement is rough. It'smen have been at pioneer work (pio- neer without the label), and so theirclothes hands skin boots all are a bit rough not 11 nice 33,although tidied up and mended everyweek. But then the Army in Flanders,several million men strong, that is not33 nice n either.So it will very shortly come to beconsidered afresh, this pretty word,and its value revalued.We, however, in the New Move- ment of the Theatre must try to bejust as nice as possible, taking as ourstandard not the dandelions of themiddle-class clubs, but the daisies androses of the other places.The finer flowers in those aristo- cratic and democratic circles in whichwe have so many true and loyal friends. NEVER APOLOGIZE FOR SHOWINGFEELING, MY FRIEND. REMEMBERTHAT WHEN Yo'u DO SO YOU APO- LOGIZE FOR TRUTH.Disraeli. SIZE. JOHN SEMAR. Little drops of water,Little grains of sand,Make the mighty ocean,And the pleasant land. LITTLE Theatres Little ReviewsLittle Galleries what isexactly meant here by this adjectiven little !f ?Except to a certain group size doesn'tcount at all.True it is that Mozart, tripping intothe presence of his beloved, a certainMademoiselle Aloysia Weber, foundher n unobservant of the greatness ofhis genius she saw him only as n alittle man and "he was a remarkablysmall man w (0 .So then size does count for itdeceives, and they who love nothingso much as to be deceived will al- ways suffer. Therefore a Little Thea- tre, Gallery or Review can be as mightya thing as the " little man n above re- ferred to and be rejected.But heaven forbid that in ourmodern craze for inversion, should cometo consider all little things as mightyjust because of their littleness! It isthe kind of thing which happens for awhile about those little receptacles ofart. We call our Theatres, Galleriesand Reviews " Little n because, know- ing our fine fools, we have no par- ticular longing to hear them drawl outthe obvious the only thing theirintelligence would notice. n What apokey place ! n All right all rightthat's all right, bright boys itis little we anticipate your profoundobservation we tell you it is. Why came the3e small places intoexistence ? We will tell you. Whenyour large theatres, large galleries andlarge reviews closed their doors to usthey did so promising that we wouldsooner or later come down on ourknees and beg for admission. Youcommercial money-grinders love us onour knees. The closed doors certainlydid stagger us for a few years (welive years in seconds sometimes) and the next moment we had openedour Little Gallery or Theatre or com- menced our Little Review. How ? Goodness knows ! It was done. Butit needs capital, you say. It does. Itneeds blood or money. We gaveblood. Go on, young men, give yourblood and open your Little Theatres,Reviews and Galleries don't forgetto give them some brains as well.Not brains to make a hit that'sbest left to the old fogies of commer- cial intentions. A success is not foryou : but pay in blood and brainsto make poems plays scenes costumes operas pictures booksand sculpture.You are all on the right road all's quite well things are going fa- mously. You know of course withoutmy saying anything that if your ven- ture fails you have not failed butit can't fail provided you don't attemptto make a hit provided you avoidn !!" success ".Unfortunately success is what a fewof the Little Theatres aim for, butthat is only when they have at theirhead a man who is really one of thesort a commercial disguised as anartist. For an artist never fails. Youcannot show me in all history an ar- tist who has failed, unless it was justa tradesman in disguise.A very few of the Little Theatresare controlled by men of that stamp.I'll not mention names just yet. You'llfind some of them in the books re- viewed in The Marionneite and TheMask.We need not bother about them but we should separate from them at once.And while success or a hit will notbe dreamed of by you, success will beachieved by you. That is quite ano- ther thing,Mozart, that 11 little man n, strovefor no 11 hit n, no " success n, but hemade nothing else. His whole lifewas one succession of hits. Mozartthought a good deal about money,too. If you'll read his life you'll seehow much he thought about it andwhy. And he bore money in mindmore than the elect would think pos- sible. My point is this to neither himnor you (if you are an artist) can itmake a scrap of difference whether youthink of money or not. You willexpress yourself in your art andyou can do this all the better if youhave enough to eat well on - dresswell on and some to waste onyourself and friends. Get all you can- don't be frightened about moneydesire it have it it cannotspoil your work one scrap.People (Lord Rosebery for exam- ple) are always ready to believe thatlack of money makes the artist. Itdoesn't.Now and again the lack of it isvaluable, but only now and again. Con- tinued poverty merely kills the manwhose being is possessed by a flame.It killed Mozart; Van Gogh too:they lacked fuel to go on. So afteryour Little Theatre. Why not? Whaton earth is to dictate to you thatyou're not have a large theatre ortwo if you can tackle them both ?The value of your Little Theatrewas to smash the conceit of the fat- heads who slammed their doors inyour fate. It is smashing it. Followup the attack with large theatres andsmash what's left.It is sound and rather war-like.Well, we know something about warby now. Some of us have been atthe front for fifteen years. I make noapology for my metaphor it willserve.There wasn't an opening for us we were about to be overwhelmed.We opened our Little Theatres andGalleries, we started our Little Jour- nals. We made glorious mistakes but we made them only at the expenseof ourselves and our friends. Theydidn't mind, so we won't. The mainthing is that we WON.We won our first three offensives.There are to be another half dozen,may be, before we finish what we setout to do.But let us remember this: Littleanythings be they States, Armiesor Theatres are in themselves no- thing. It is the big man behind themthat counts or the little man ifwe choose to call Napoleon, Nelson,Mozart and Moliere little, as certainlythey were all called in their time.Mr. Bernard Lintot wrote aboutthis word Little in " Today ", a newand excellent London journal, and thatset me thinking about it too. He saysbetter things than I have done, butthen I have this advantage over himI can read what he says. (l) Reminiscences, 1820. MichaelKelly. GENEROUS. WINE FLO WINGin the streets in the old tyran- nical times during the pageantat the " entree " of a FrenchKing to be crowned atßheims...in the I5t!l BOOK REVIEWS. A BOOK MAY BE AS GREATA THING AS A BATTLE.Disraeli. THE DRAMA TIC RECORDS OFSIR HENRY HERBERT; editedby Joseph Quincey Adams, Ph. D.Yale University Press, U. S. A.THE LIFE OF A UGUSTIN DAL Yby J. F. Daly. (Macmiilan.)THE Dramatic Records of Sir HenryHerbert, who was Master of theRevels 1625 to 1673, is one of thedry books, whereas the Life of Au- gustin Daly is one of the other kind.I don't like to read that R Augustinlost faith in * Mrs. Jasper ' (a playwritten by Henry James) and the at- tempt to bring it out was therefore gi- ven up n ; whereas I do like to readin the Elizabethan book of Sir HenryHerbert protecting Anthony Devotte,Puppet-player, in a long letter to theEarl of Manchester from the 11 unjustedemands n of some serjeant or police- man of the period.But then this is because I admirethe 17th century and think that the19th was poor in its understanding ofall but scientific and suburban things. THE DIAL : A Fortnightly Journalof Criticism, etc. New York.WE have known The Dial for long,but we have never known itas good as it is today. It has amost interesting group of writers onits staff. After the Editor-in-chief comethe contributing editors, one and allexcellent. Scofield Thayer, RandolphBourne, and others; and, until M. Cle- menceau, the champion and exponent ofa free press, turned him out of France,we had Mr. Robert Dell. He wasturned out for putting in practise thetheory M. Clemenceau has at heart, sowe are told. Why not ? If our Rulersmay not make mistakes sometimes,who may ? If a Ruler likes to cont- radict himself in a I! world madefree for Democracy 11, why should De- mocracy cry ? Has not the greatestof all democrats uttered the sublime cry:nDo I contradict myself ? Very wellthen, I contradict myself, I am large,I contain multitudes n.Ah, but then he was an Barba- rian n who uttered that 11 yawp n I Ci- vilized Democrats must be like every- one else, as tame, as diplomatic, asconvenient, we are told.What a world ! But the n Dial n isworth reading, every page. A WORD FROM LAO TZU.SIR, if you would cause the Empirenot to lose its source of nourishment,there is the universe, its regularity isunceasing; there are the sun and moon,their brightness is unceasing ; there arethe stars, their groupings never change;there are birds and beasts, they flocktogether without varying; there aretrees and shrubs, they grow upwardswithout exception.Be like these; follow Tao ; and youwill be perfect.Why then these vain sfruggles afterCharity and Duty to one's neighbour,as though beating a drum in search ofa fugitive ?Alas ! sir, you have brought muchconfusion into the mind of man. rT'he First Emperor of the later Chindynasty if Tao was anyuse in government.Chang Ch9ien-ming replied.n With Tao a corpse could governan Empire n. PRINCE AND POET. BOCCACCIO'S Life of Dante. |aiiiimnw»wi ■■■■ ■mim—ii— laiiniaM^nr—■■■»■■■! miii ———■ niT—r—wrMT—iHOW THE LORD OF RAVEN- NA, BY HONOURING ANDSERVING DANTE, DID HO- NOUR TO HIMSELF.IN those times was Lord of Ravenna(a famous city of Romagna) a no- ble Ca\alier whose name was GuidoNovello da Polenta; he was well skil- led in the liberal arts and held menof worth in highest honour, especiallysuch as excelled others in knowledge.And when it came to his ears thatDante, beyond all expectation, wasnow in Romagna and in such desperateplight, he, who had long time beforeknown his worth by fame, resolved toreceive him and do him honour. Nordid he wait to be requested by himto this, but considering with how greatshame men of worth ask such favours,with liberal mind and with free prof- fers he approached him, requestingfrom Dante of special grace of thatwhich he knew Dante must needs havebegged of him, to wit, that it mightplease him to abide with him. Ihetwo wills, therefore, of him who re- ceived and him who made the requestthus uniting on one same end, Dantebeing highly pleased by the liberalityof the noble Cavalier, and on theother side constrained by his necessities,awaited no further invitation but thefirst and took his way to Ravenna,where he was honourably received bythe Lord thereof, who revived his fal- tering hope by kindly fostering, andgiving abundantly such things as werefitting, he kept him with him for manyyears, yea, even to the last year ofhis life. IF YOU CAREFULLY WATCH FORALL THE GENIUS YOU CANDETECT, APPLY IT TO GOOD SER- VICE , AND THEN REVERENTLYPRESERVE WHAT IT PRODUCES,YOU WILL NEVER HAVE TOO LIT- TLE ART ; AND IF ON THE OTHERHAND, YOU NEVER FORCE ANARTIST TO WORK HURREDLY, FORDAILY BREAD, OR IMPERFECTLY,BECAUSE YOU WOULD RATHERHAVE SHOWY WORKS THAN COM- PLETE ONES, YOU WILL NEVERHAVE TOO MUCH.John Ruskin.