The mask 1 10 December 1908 naau_1908-12_01 The mask 1 10 Untitled Image Illustration 1 SOME OPINIONS ABOUT THE MASK, ITS APPEARANCE, ITS ARTICLES AND ITS AIMS. 3-4 Untitled Image Illustration 3 A reproduction of one of the designs in the Portfolio of Etchings by Gordon Craig. Illustration 6 CONTENTS 7 MOTION. BEING THE PREFACE TO THE PORTFOLIO OF ETCHINGS Gordon Craig cre 7-8 Untitled Image Illustration 7 Untitled Image Illustration 8 TWO THEATRES, INTRODUCTION TO "AN ESSAY ON THE GROTESQUE THEATRE", Lêon de Schildenfeld Schiller cre 9-13 Untitled Image Illustration 9 Untitled Image Illustration 13 THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF SHAKESPEARE'S GREEK PLAYS E. W. Godwin cre 14-16 Untitled Image Illustration 14 Untitled Image Illustration 16 PLAYS &amp; PLAYWRIGHTS, PICTURES &amp; PAINTERS IN THE THEATRE, Gordon Craig cre 17-21 DRAMATIC FORM. GOETHE cre From the translation of W. B. Rlönnfeldt cre 21 Untitled Image Illustration 21 BOOK REVIEWS 22 Untitled Image Illustration 22 THE TRAINING OR THE IMAGINATION. JAMRS RHOADRS. John Jane. I/- net. cloth. D. N. L cre 22 BOOKS, A2VTD JOURNALS RECEIVED. 22 FOREIGN NOTES 23-24 Untitled Image Illustration 23 MANCHESTER J. D. B cre 23 CAMBRIDGE R. B cre 23-24 LONDON J. B cre 24 MOSCOW E. B cre 24 THE SPECTATORS 24 Untitled Image Illustration 24 ft is in a theatre at Munich. The audience 24 Untitled Image Illustration 24 EDITORIAL NOTES 25 Untitled Image Illustration 25 ft is really quite extraordinary how certain 25 THE CRITIC CRITICISED. 25 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 27 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 29 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 29 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 29 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 29 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 30 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 30 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 30 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 30 AN nnnnAM c n A IAARTICLE by LKAIU. LKAIU. Vol. I. N.° 10. DECEMBER 1908 THF MASK1 i 11—4A MONTHLY JOURNAL OF THEART OF THE THEATRE EUROPEAN &amp; AMERICAN AGENTS. LONDON. D. J. RIDER 36 St Martin's Court. Charing Cross Road. W. C. f &amp; £SBERLIN. EDMUND MEYER- Potsdametstrasse 37 0 &amp; 0AMSTERDAM, KIRBERGER &amp; KESPER. 134 Rokin. 0 &amp; 0 &amp; &amp;BUDAPEST. NAGEE OTTO Musenm-Korut, a 0 &amp; 00 0M O S C O U. "LA BALANCE " Office, Place du Thdatre &amp; j&amp; &amp;PHILADELPHIA. U. S. A." THE BUTTERFLY " Office. 1126 Walnut Street. uS&gt;NEW YORK. BRENT A NO, N. 4. &amp; &amp; &amp; 0 0 0 £&gt; &amp; PRICE ONE SHILLING NET, MONTHLY "There is not a page in it which is notinteresting &amp; stimulating in a fine way"&amp; JS&gt; £&gt; -er PALL MALL GAZETTE ANNOUNCEMENTS TO OUR READERSherewith beg to announce to our readers that the February edition of TheMask wili be greatly enlarged and contain articles both in English and Frenchby celebrated writers, Theatre historians, etc. Further details as to the contributionsin this and following numbers will be announced in the January number of The Mask.FJ eaders are requested to send their subscriptions direct to the Publishing Office,8 Borgo San Jacopo, Florence, Italy. The sending of the money is facilitated byenclosing paper money in a registered letter. In Germany, M. 15,00. In America,4 Dollars. In Italy, 15 Lire. In Austria, 20 Kronen. In England, (postal orders) 151=In Russia, 8 Roubles. In Holland, 10 Gulden.For the convenience of our readers we herewith give the list of our agents in thedifferent parts of the world.London, D. J. Rider, 36 St Martin's Court, Charing Cross Road.Berlin, Edmund Meyer, Potsdamerstrasse 27 b.Amsterdam, Kirberger &amp; Kesper, 134 Rokin.Vienna, Hugo Heller, 3 Bauernmarkt.Moscow, Michael Lykiardoupolos, " La Balance Place du Theatre.Helsingfors, Akademiska Bokhandeln.Budapest, Nagel Otto, Muzeumkorut 2.Stockholm, C. E. Fritze, 18 Gustaf Adolfstorg.Goteborg, Ringner &amp; Enewalds, Kungsgatan 31.New York, Brentano's, Fifth Avenue.Philadelphia, G. W. Plank, 1126 Walnut Street.The Editor will be glad to consider any MSS. submitted to him. These shouldbear the names and addresses of the authors, be typewritten and accompaniedby stamps. Any MSS. submitted in this manner will receive the earliest attention,and every care will be taken as to their safe return, but the Editor cannot takeany responsibility should any loss occur. &amp; &amp; &amp;Editorial Offices, ARENA GOI,DONIy Via dei Serragli, Florence, Italy."""'1" 1'"""'" 11'"IT7ZT1,., 11 PUBLISHING OFFICE OF "THE MASK," 8 BORGO S. JACOPO, FLORENCE, ITALYEDITORIAL OFFICE, ARENA GOLDONI, VIA DEI SERRAGLI, FLORENCE, ITALY TW w «5K mA jr V- THE JOURNAL OF THE ARTf-~l 1 / 1%/ l fk «/ OF THE THEATRE.I g | n I%■ 1 L\ IV VOLUME ONE, No. TENjt i i» .•*I T M.JL B. DECEMBER I 9 o 8. TWO THEATRES. TWO THEATRES. TWO THEATRES, TWO THEATRES, SHAKESPEARE'SGREEK PLAYS. SHAKESPEARE'SGREEK PLAYS. PLAYS &amp;PLAYWRIGHTS,PICTURES &amp;PAINTERS INTHE THEATRE, PLAYS &amp;PLAYWRIGHTS,PICTURES &amp;PAINTERS INTHE THEATRE* PLAYSPLAYWRIGHTS,PICTURES &amp;PAINTERS INTHE THEATRE, PLAYS &amp;PLAYWRIGHTSPICTURES &amp;PAINTERS INTHE THEATRE. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED &amp; GERENTE RESPONSABILE, GINO DUCCI ~—j—————n^rwrTTTirTTm-iTMrm^^AMONG THE WRITERS &amp; ARTISTS CONTRIBUTING TO « THE MASK » AREJOHN BALANCE -27 IVO HAUPTMANN -27 JEAN JACQUES OLI VIERCARL BEHRENS &amp; ALEXANDER HEVESI WOLFE PLANKS &amp;RUPERT BROOKE &amp; H. von HOFMANNSTHAL WILLEM ROYAARDS[ALLEN JAN van HOLT WILL ROTHENSTEINQUNNAR CASTREN -2? EDWARD HUTTON OTTO RUNG .27 .27GORDON CRAIG &amp; ANDREAS JYNGE -27 L. DE S. SCHILLERIJ. PAUL COOPER ELLEN KEY -27 RUDOLPH SCHMERZ .27ISADORA DUNCAN .27 JAN KLAASSEN &amp; MARTIN SHAW -27A. FRIEDE N TH AL -27 FRITZ LAPIDOTH -27 ELLEN TERRY &amp;LOUIS FULEP -2? -27 D. NEVILE LEES .27 E. THESLEFF .27 -27ADOLF FURST -27 M. L YKIA RDOPO U LOS JAN C. de VOS -2? -27JULIUSZ GERMAN .27 HALDANE MACFALL PHILIP WAHLSTROMYVETTE GUILBERT . .27 MAURICE MAGNUS H. WILSON. .27 -27MARTIN HARVEY &amp; C. NICHOLSON -£7 .2? HELEN ZIMMERN -27"THE MASK" HAS CORRESPONDENTS IN THE FOEEOWING CITIESAMSTERDAM -27 .27 THE HAGUE .27 .27 PHILADELPHIA &lt;0BERLIN -2&gt; HELSINGFORS .27 .27 .27 .27.27 &amp; LONDON .27 .27 -27 SANFRANCISCO .27COPENHAGEN .27 .27 MADRID .27 .27 STOCKHOLM .27 -2&gt;DRESDEN .27 .2? MUNCH EN &amp; &amp; VIENNA .27 &amp;DUBLIN .27 &amp; MOSCOW .27 .27 WARSAW .27 &amp;FLORE N C E&amp; jZ? PARIS &amp; &amp; &lt;£? WEIMAR 27 &lt;27Ypadi y i England, 15 Shillings g Italy, 15 Lire, )SUBSCRIPTION ) Germany»,5 Marks j Russia 8 Roubles POST FREEI America, 4 Dollars | France 20 Francs. JSIGN AND TEAR OFF THIS ORDER FORMORDER FORMTo the Publisher, (or) I To Mr. BooksellerAddress Please put down my name as a subscriber to "The Mask" for one year, or six monthscommencing with the number, in payment of which subscription, including postage,I enclose the sum of SignedAddress Printed for the Proprietor by E. Morandl, Tlpografia Bodoniana, Via Pint!, Florence, and published at The Officeof " The Mask " 8, Borgo S. Jacopo. ■Ct &amp; &amp; &amp; SOME OPINIONSABOUT THE MASK,ITS APPEARANCE, ITSARTICLES AND ITS AIMS. SATURDAY REVIEW. 44 A new journal printedin a very original way, with woodcuts,.... and articles,...on all topics connected with the theatre. Such a journal,if it could receive sufficient support, would have adistinct value of its own. PALL MALL GAZETTE* 44 A new theatrical journal called The Mask,... seemsworthy of a really hearty welcome. There is not a page in it which is not interestingand stimulating in a fine way, and many are bothThe same journal, referring to The Mask's championship of the Censor says, " awriter who takes his side strongly deserves gratitude, whatever his view may be; forit is only by Sincerity and Courage that the cause of Art can be usefully served."WESTMINSTER GAZETTE. The Mask, by the way, is a quite remarkable,revolutionary magazine, which, unlike any purely theatrical magazine that 1 canrecollect, is rich in intelligence, eager discussion of theatrical affairs, treating dramaand the stage seriously as great matters of art, and striking fiercely against the ideathat a playhouse should be a mere place of entertainment." This " interestingmagazine is likely to have a great effect upon the drama of the future. There is notrace of somnolence in The Mask. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&lt;£? MORNING POST. 44 Among the least expected editorial sallies are a protestagainst the stage treatment of religious subjects,... 44 Salome " is not forgotten....and the assertion 44 the censor is not only a blessing, he is a necessity." &amp;THE SPHERE. The Mask has now reached its fifth number. In the first placethe format is most engaging. It is a nice f01i0.... printed in a thick black type ona rough paper. It contains many delightful woodcuts by Mr Craig of his own andother's composition.,., strange designs of beautiful simplicity which give new life tothe art of Bewick. As for the literary matter, it is a torrent of ideas. " LIVERPOOL COURIER. " The Mask is a new 44 monthly journal of the art ofthe theatre ", and if anything were required to prove how deeply the possibilitiesof the drama are now impressing some of the most eager and imperative minds inEurope, the contents and appearance of its first number would provide evidence andto spare in a manner of the utmost dignity it attempts to 44 bring before anintelligent public many ancient and modern aspects of the Theatre's art, which havebeen too long disregarded or forgotten," We wish The Mask a longer life thanambitious periodicals of the kind are generally permitted to enjoy."44 The second number of The Mask has now reached us from its Florentine printingplace, and by the delicacy of its format, the pleasantness and dignity of its types, thecareful excellence with which its illustrations have been reproduced, the characterof the illustrations themselves, and the curious distinction and sincerity of its literarycontents, it seems to prove that the artistic centre of Europe has once again shiftedto Italy." jpMr HALDANE MACFALL in THE DAILY GRAPHIC. &amp;4« For one among us whois interested in the art of painting a dozen are beckoned to the Theatre; yet, oddlyenough, while painting has its several sumptuous magazines, the theatre has not oneworthy of it. From today we are to be rid of this unseemliness, for The Mask, from its headquarters in Florence, makes its first appearance here and throughout Europeto do for the Art of the Theatre what The Studio has essayed to do for the arts ofpainting and of sculpture and of the crafts allied thereto. It is to be the mouthpieceof a group of young men of distinction upon the Continent, whose work is devotedto the theatre and to all that the theatre means.... men without fanaticisms as tovague " reforms " of the theatre so much as urged by the aim of ridding the theatreof certain ugly defects and weaknesses. Undoubtedly its staff is a strong 0ne..,. Theresults ought, to say the least of it, to be vastly interesting, for the personality ofthe man whose artistry influences its pages has already cast that influence over thetheatre of Germany and Italy and Russia—particularly of Germany."Till? LADY'S PICTORIAL. "Not playgoers alone, but all who are interestedin the art of the theatre will welcome No. I of a characteristically unconventionalshilling magazine called The Mask, published in Florence.... In format, in type, incontents, The Mask is unique. &amp; &amp;OXFORD CHRONICLE• " The Mask " a highly aesthetic production, withits blunt type on rough paper, its wide margins, its wood-cuts, initials, and tailpieces, and its artistic cover in green and black. " &amp;THE SUNDAY CALLy EASTON Pa. U. S. A. " Here is tbe finest magazine ofits kind in the w0r1d.... I commend The Mask to all those who think they see thedawn of a New Theatre in America." &amp; &amp;&amp; MANCHESTER GUARDIAN. " The Mask continues to provide interesting,provocative, and debatable matter for those who care about the theatre. "&amp; PUBLISHERS CIRCULAR. " The July number is the fifth of a new Artmagazine, entitled The Mask, which is printed in English in Italy and does greatcredit to the Tipografia Bodoniana of E. Morandi of Florence. It is a bold foliopage,.... the print has dignity, the get=up distinction, and the text, so far as we areable to judge, is worthy of its handsome setting. Somehow one gets the impressiontha to some extent The Mask exists to make known the aims and ideals of MrGordon Craig;... that they are sane and sensible ideas is shown, we think, by hisanswers to the Editorial questions." (Realism and the Actor Symposium).^&amp; PARIS AMERICAN. " I have received a double number, that is to say, thenumbers for May and June bound in one, of a singularly clever magazine. It iscalled The Mask, is in its fifth month and is devoted to the Art of the Theatre. Amore artistic publication it is not possible to make. It is artistic in design, in paper,in letter-press, in color, in illustration, in its articles. Art peeps out of every pore.Pile the adjective artistic mountain high, in its positive, comparative and superlativedegrees, upon e\ ery conceivable aspect of this magazine, and you will not be excessivenor will you break the back of any noun. Its thought is strong and fearless. It hasa staff of strong writers and clever artists." *&amp;&amp;&amp;?&lt;&amp;&amp;&amp; THE NEW AGE. " The Mask is the most beautiful magazine published. "WHAT'S ON. ** The Mask, devoted to the art of the theatre, makes a welcomeaddition, and sets a splendid example to the sordid mass of monthly literature alreadyin circulation. &amp;&amp; MICHAEL MONOHAN, (The Papyrus. East Orange, New Jersey U. S. A.Jwrites, " The Mask is brave, brilliant and inspiring." &amp;Mr MARTIN HARVEY writes, "Your most delightful and significant journal."Miss ELLEN TERRY writes. " What a splendid number of The Mask thislast is! " &amp;Mr EDWARD HUTTON writes. " I think The Mask improves every time yousend it to me A reproduction of one of the designs in the Portfolio of Etchings by Gordon Craig. CONTENTS AFTER THE PR A C T/SE THE THEORY&amp; £&gt; MOTION. BEING THE PREFACE TO THE PORTFOLIO OF ETCHINGS byEDWARD GORDON CRAIG. TWO THEATRES. INTRODUCTION TO AN ESSAY ON THEGROTESQUE THEATRE by LEON de SCHILDENFELDT SCHILLER. THE ARCHITECTUREAND COSTUME OF SHAKESPEARE'S GREEK PLAYS by E. W. GODWIN. .£&gt; PLAYS ANDPLAYWRIGHTS, PICTURES AND PAINTERS IN THE THEATRE by GORDON CRAIG.SOME QUOTATIONS FROM GOETHE AND W. S. LANDOR. 0 BOOK REVIEWS. FOREIGNNOTES. THE SPECTATORS. &amp; EDITORIAL NOTES. &amp; FRONTISPIECE, A REPRODUCTIONOF ONE OF THE DESIGNS IN THE PORTFOLIO OF ETCHINGS by GORDON CRAIG.ENGRAVINGS by GORDON CRAIG. &amp; JULIUS OLIVER. GEORGE NORMAN, ETC. &amp; MOTION. BEING THE PREFACE TO THEPORTFOLIO OF ETCHINGS by Gordon Craig. &amp; The Beginning.... the Birth....&amp; We are in Darkness........ all is still.&amp; We hear no sound we feel no movement we see nothing.And from this Nothing shall emerge a spirit. Life....... a perfect andbalancing life.... to be called Beauty.... The Immortal Beauty of Change EternalEven now as we wait watching, in the very centre of the void a singleatom seems to stir it spreads jg? jg?It is the faint trembling of the first false dawn.Around us spreads a mist motionless and colourless.The silence commands.jg? Some Spirit seems to work there in the gloom as in a little buoyantwind a breeze which blows upon the veiled spaces and stirs them into life.At last the Dawn, ineffably hushed beyond Silence, silent. &amp; The light ascends, spreading ceaselessly.... Day arrives and passing turns to Night.... Thefainting Light... the passing and the renewal of the promise.... Divisible and Indivisible.Onward ! The profound spirit throbs incessantly at its sweet task.&amp; A form simple and austere ascends with prolonged patience like theawakening of a thought in dream. &lt;£?A second and a third form seem to f0110w.... Always a double birth repeating.... a fourth,a fifth, a seventh, and yet as we look we seem to see but four.... that first form whichgave birth has passed; those two forms to which it gave birth have passed.Four shapes remain.&amp; Ah, birth of my love, already you have multiplied fourfold I Ceasenot until you will continue to increase! &amp; But no eyes away from what is happening. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Look there to the East! Something seems to unfold, something to fold.Slowly quickening without haste, fold after fold loosens itself and clasps another till thatwhich was void has become shapely. And now from East to West, one chain of life moves like a sea before us, while slowly breaking from units into pairs, shapescontinue to appear in endless procession while still the folds fold and unfold &amp; Some rising, others falling passing and repassing one another.&amp; Lingering responding to an approach..... shrinking at a repulse blindlytowering fainting..... parting meeting. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; And then a pause.... a perfect balanced thought is poised before us, and allis still AH is accomplished. Silence. All rests.... and only is it left now forthe tender liquid light to feel its way across this form.&amp; Like freezing water it descends a little with delay, and like a dew it settles.No more &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Enough.... &amp; &amp;&lt;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;?&amp; &lt;£?&amp;&amp;And may this love beginning have no en d . For the fulfilment of this most superb dream must first come the union ofthe three Arts ,The Arts of Architecture, Music and Motion.&amp; These three Arts bring to the Religion of Truth three vital needs. &amp;The First brings the Place The Second the Voice The Thirdreveals the Event The Temple The Hymn The Balance.Without Architecture we should have no Divine Place in which to praise.Without Music no Divine Voice with which to praise. &amp;&amp; Without Motion no Divine Act to perform.Architecture Music Motion These are the great Impersonal Arts of the Earth and together formthe mysterious link between Now and the Hereafter. &amp;&amp; For the fulfilment of our most superb Life, these three must be again united from one end of the Earth unto the other. G. C. TWO THEATRES, INTRODUCTION TO "ANESSAY ON THE GROTESQUE THEATRE", by Lêon de Schildenfeld Schiller. t was in Athens, on the feast of St John A. D.... under thereign of the just Duke Theseus, the subtle connoisseur andprotector of fine arts. After a night of magic dreams, thegolden grains of which Robin Goodfellow sowed so heedlesslyabout, after a night ringing with the lullabies of wantonelves and the braying of the jovial donkey, out of thedepths of the sea into the heavenly vault loomed theradiant triumphal car of Phoebus drawn by nimble chargers.This time the day was short, for the divine charioteer washastening to the Duke's palace which shone with thewhiteness of marble on the western side of the town of Pallas.|\ Having attached the foaming steeds to an olive tree, Argyrotox was turning his steps towards the palace gates, to convey to the guardian of his ninesultanas, his congratulations on the occasion of his marriage with the beautiful Queen ofthe Amazons, when suddenly a strange scene presented itself to his holy eyes. He perceivedthe master of the revels, Mr. Philostrate, on the steps receiving petitions from the handsof well® fattened Athenians. &amp; &amp;And there were there among the tanners and brewers " The best actors in the world,either for tragedy, comedy, history, pastoral, pastoral-comical, historical- pastoral, tragical- historical, tragical-comical»historicaS«pastoral " for whom " Seneca cannot be too heavy, norPlautus too light," wishing to contribute to the illumination of the Duke's entertaimentwith the performance of two dramas, the true pearls of their repertory, under the humbletitles of " The riot of the tipsy Bacchanals, tearing the Thracian singer In their rage,"and " The thrice three Muses mourning for the death of Learning late deceased in beggary."There was also an authentic Athenian eunuch desirous of singing to the sounds of the harp" The battle with the centaurs." &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; But the mighty Duke having just risen from a luxurious banquet had no wish to taste"caviar" in which his subjects could never find delight, so they ashamedly went away, theactors tragical and comical, historical and pastoral, vowing never to return to this inhospitablethreshold, consoling themselves with the thought of a better reception at the castle ofElsinore. The Athenian eunuch was also dismissed with a rebuff, and, it seems, has foundeda " Classical " Music Hall, (le nu esthetique) in Paris. &amp;There remained only a small group of artisans with the carpenter Peter Quince andthe weaver Nick Bottom at their head. These simple fellows falling on their knees beforethe master of the revels, avowed in compunction of having dared with their coarse redhands, to bring a gift to the Gracious Reigning Duke, and that they were desirous ofpresenting it in person at the feet of his majesty. This gift was " A tedious brief scene ofyoung Pyramus and his love Thisbe: very tragical mirth! Merry and tragical!" Philostrateshook his head,... but being mollified with a purse of coppers, notified the duke of the matter.The good duke (whose name be famous in all ages) uttered these winged words; &amp;"....I will hear that play;For never anything can be amiss,When simpleness and duty tender it,"The Sun God heard these words and, seized with a terrible anger, turned back, seatinghimself as quickly as possible in his air chariot, and as he rose above the roof of the palaceshot an arrow from a silver bow, which, sticking into Mr. Nick's nose, caused his noblecheeks to run with blood. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Apollo's disappearance was so sudden and unexpected, that the court panegyrist had notsucceeded in writing the hymn in honour of the setting sun on the duke's wedding day. Theoffended God never returned, although the sun always shone over Acropolis, although littlechildren heard in their dreams the mysterious sounds of his lyre. &amp; &amp; In the meantime the highly respected carpenter Peter Quince and the enlightened weaverNick Bottom, putting on one side their ill-paid trades, fell into the embraces of the kindMuses. Having sold their tools they bought, at second-hand shops, styles, wax tablets,buskins and masks. An agreeable accord reigned between the two ex-artisans: Quince wrotethat which Bottom wanted, Bottom played that which Quince desired; but always it was Quincewho obeyed Bottom, this latter, in fact, distinguishing himself for his presence of mind andcunning. At first these performances took place in the " enchanted wood near Athens "before a small group of spectators, composed for the greater part of old mates. As howevermischievous Puck never ceased playing his pranks on the passionate " part devourers," andas the fair beholders, rather with clownish laughs than in oboles, paid for the touchingspectacle, it was decided to remove to Athens. &amp; &amp;And thus it happened that, in a short time after the duke's wedding feast, a newtheatre was erected in Athens under the patronage of Apollo. The architecture of thebuilding cleverly united the temple with a lupanar. On the frontal was to be seen fromafar the luminous inscription: &amp; &amp; «£? "APOLLO "A MOST CLASSICAL THEATRE»Under the DirectionofMessrs. Peter Quince and Nick Bottom. j£? The solemn inaugural performance was given on the natal day of an heir to the throne,with the co-operation of the most eminent actors, recruited from the oldest families ofartisans. The advertisement for the night (which long remained engraven on the mindsof the spectators) announced the beautifully written tragedy of Prof. L. Anneus Seneca,under the title of " Frantic Hercules " composed according to the sacred law of Stagyrite'spoetics. The performance was preceded by a " conference " by M. Georges de Scudery governorof Notre Dame de la Garde, likewise the ornament of the Hotel de Rambouillet's drawingrooms. The distinguished esthete highly praised the " agreeable beauties " of the classicaldrama, referring his hearers to the XX chapter of Aristotle's Poetics, to the X chapterof Plato's Republic, to the VI chapter of Heinsius' treatise on the disposition of tragedy etc,etc. At the end a fairy ballet was given under the title of " Titania ".... in the apotheosis,amidst the lights of Bengal fires, the Fairy Queen herself appeared, in flesh-coloured tights,rouged, and wearing a crown cut out of gold paper. " Several thousand people were turnedaway from the ticket office " note the chroniclers. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;The theatre prospered. On the repeated demands of the public, whose hands were swollenfrom the continual applauding of the authors and actors, the management resolved uponfixed " claps ", thus enabling the spectators to express their enthusiasm in a less painfulmanner, and even, from time to time, permitting them to doze in the comfortable dusty seats.&amp; The theatre prospered. Mr. Quince wrote, altered, shaped, localised, and in this occupationhis cast-off trade came in useful more than once. Mr. Bottom was always at his beck andcall with his enlightened advice and played.... played everything. He was a real virtuoso.With his capability for transformation and his everlasting youth he surpassed in the opinionof some the Divine Sarah. Among his most beautiful creations he reckoned the parts of:Cleopatra, Dido, Hecuba, Adrienne Lecouvreur, Monsieur Perrichon and the Due de Reichstadt.&amp; The theatre prospered. After the death of Mr. Quince, the theatre was managedsuccessively by Messrs. Abbd Delille, Crebillon, Scribe,... until at last the sceptre of dramaturgyreposed in the hands of Maitre Victorien and of the Great Hermit of Cambo.&amp; The theatre prospered. On the stage, which represented a vestibule leading nowhere,strolled about " personnages going nowhere, speaking of little, with undecided ideas andvague words, slightly agitated by mitigated feelings, by peaceful passions, thus coming toa graceful death or to a false sigh.... Inania regna! (i) &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; The theatre prospered.... before the eyes of the lookers-on passed the wax figures fullof the grace of tragedy, of the Governor Scudery, Cardinal Richelieu, or of Casimir Delavigne. Above all, the beautiful recitation of beautiful verses was beloved. From time to time theactors were allowed to shout louder, or to make grimaces, as for instance In " Rhadamistet Zenobie ", or in "30 ans ou la vie d'un joueur ". From time to time the scenes werechanged and complicated. Instead of the famous vestibule, a garden was shown with afountain, with marble cupids and a hopelessly green moon, or a square before a church whosewalls, even in ultra-catholic pieces, shook on the entry of the comedians in operatic costumes.The theatre prospers. Mr. Bottom lives, and is accustomed to say with a smileto his ever-charming wife, Titanla, (she is divorced from Oberon) that he is immortal."Quo usque tandem Titania?..." II. Once some Languishing Mariners, sailing towards a new earth, were awakened by thejoyful cry from the stork's nest, "Land, Land!" The celestial watchmen had just gone offguard, extinguishing their tiny golden lamps, which pious sailors are wont to call " Starsof the &amp; &amp;From the east, in a mist-woven tunic, advanced with dancing steps over the ocean, Rosy- fingered Dawn, scattering all around by handfuls, diamonds, sapphires, and rubies whichdissolved themselves into a thousand sparks amidst the waves. As to the chalice of a lilydreaming on a brook, falls the silver tear which night sheds from her black eyes as a farewell,waking the marvellous flower with a shy kiss, so the afore-mentioned Good Tidings descendedinto the souls of the crew, fatigued with adventures and dreams of wonderful landscapes. &amp;&amp; After having rubbed their eyes and intoned their morning prayer, they descried, standingon the bows of the vessel, the figure, well-known to their fantasies, of Ariel, who, unfurlinghis butterfly wings like sails, cut through the air, accompanying their chant with thethrumming of his harp. About noon anchor was dropped on the shores of an island, which,so Ariel informed them, was governed by his master, the good Magus Prospero. &amp;And a strange island it was, abounding in extravagant trees bearing fruit larger thanthat which the emissaries of Moses brought from Canaan, as is painted in Bibles for children.And a strange island it was, abounding in variegated-winged birds, able to sing so softly,so beautifully and so movingly, like ancient musical clocks which are the suns in the greyrooms of old women. A strange island it was, abounding in people conversing in rhymewith the sun, with the sea, and with the flowers in the likeness of those beautiful sick atheart, imprisoned in closed gardens. &amp;The astonished and childishly delighted wanderers were invited by King Prospero to afeast, which he himself had prepared in his magic laboratory. The tables groaned underthe weight of rare dishes heard of only in the tales of " Idler's Land ". Into crystalgoblets Ariel poured, from sapphire ewers encrusted with minute golden stones, which ina mysterious way depicted the chart of the starry sphere unknown to the inhabitants ofthe real world, the beverage extracted from poppies. From this chart, as it were from holyrunes, the very strange host deciphered wise and inebriating sentences. &amp;&amp; "And now that I have shown your Excellencies all the wonders of this island" saidProspero, " I make so bold as to invite you to my theatre. Poor it will certainly seem to" you worldlings, who have swept the dust in more than one opera and who have danced the" 'Cancan' with more than one ballet girl. Howsomever my labours and those of my spirits" may appear to you, one thing I humbly beg, flattering myself with the hope that in your" kindness you will not refuse to grant my request: believe, that everything you will see here is" true. Behold! there is the setting sun, and silver garlands of stars appearing on the" horizon persuading us to hasten to the theatre. " &amp;" Behold! the joyful dance, in time with the murmur of the sea, of tSiese three beings who" are the symbol of my Power. Dance, Caliban! dance, Ariel! And thou, rny beloved daughter" Miranda, trip it in company with them in this circle described by my magic wand. Look," strangers, how foulness and beauty stretch forth their hands towards their earthly form," in which only they obtain life, when they become of her marrow, when they become of" her blood. What would Ariel be in himself?... the hazy breath that hovers over the earth," never able to touch it with his feet. What would be Caliban?... a hideous reptile deprived"of the delights of flight. What would be Miranda?... she would be unworthy of her " name.... nothing more than an inanimate clod of earth, condemned to everlasting sterility." Behold! Wonder of wonders! Miranda draws Ariel to the earth and adorns Caliban's14 shoulders with wings.... and this miracle accomplished by her, causes her pale cheeks44 to redden with a blush and a blissful smile to spread over her Sips. All this is the work of44 Occult Science, whose priest am I, gentlemen!44 Gracious King " exclaimed the enchanted Captain, 44 In my life, such marvels I have44 never seen. I know Peter Quince and Nick Bottom's town theatre in Athens and have seen44 there in burgherish melodramas this monster, who now does not appear to me so terrible,44 1 have seen also this white spirit In classical tragedies and which now, God knows, is not44 at all so tiresome.... but never have I seen Miranda". &amp; &amp;44 Miranda is my creation, Captain, and my theatre is on an enchanted island, which your44 excellencies must remember. But it is time already.... forget about the carpenter and the44 weaver, about their theatre and repertory. Better surprises are in store for you. I have44 shown you but a small portion of my Power, so as not to overwhelm you with the whole44 later on. Your Excellencies will kindly follow me. Sound the fanfare!"On this command the royal herald, a triton, put the curl of a shell to his mouth andinflating his cheeks began to blow, thus informing all the inhabitants of the island that theperformance was about to commence. Our travellers passing through the enfilade, thearches of which were formed by the intricately twisted boughs of fabulous trees, foundthemselves suddenly in an amphitheatre, built of monstrous stones overgrown withmoss, brought expressly, so it seems, for this end, from cyclopean isles. &amp;&lt;£&gt; And a strange theatre it was. 44 Glow worms took the places of lamps; a cockchaferbeating time with his antennae stood before the desk; a cricket had seated himself in theorchestra and a nightingale was first flute; wee sylphs, come out of peas blossom, heldbass viols made of lemon peel, between their well formed little legs, whiter thanivory. " (i). Hold! The golden winged dragon flies sitting on the chalices of the bind weedwhich climbed over the stage, touched their little hearts, giving, with a peal, the signal tothe band master to commence. &amp;Hush! The tiny maestro in a snuff-coloured dress coat reaching to his ankles raises thebaton.... the Overture. The grasshoppers begin on their guitars, to strike the soft chordsof Rossini's night seranade....44 Piano, pianissimo, senza parlar!Tutti con me venite qua, venite qua".On this conjuration, mild Zephyrus flutters the hair of timid Dryads who begin to speakn a leafy whisper to themselves.... on hearing the sounds the awakened naiads began tosplash with their hands in the spring, striking on the glassy surface of the waters silveryarpeggios.... some well-known melody.... intoxicating with the perfume of raspberries andyoung fir trees.... Aaa! To be sure, it is Mendelsohn's scherzo in 44 A Midsummer Night'sDream ". The director gives a signal for change of time. From the depths of the woodthe wind brings the tooting of an owl sick with sleeplessness, and the obstinate rythmicaltapping of a woodpecker.... Tempo di marcia.... Grieg's 44 Procession of dwarves".... Long- pause.... On the background of the gloomy croaking of frogs, who, attracted by the unusualconcert come out of the marsh.... somewhere, far off, a corncrake answers from a bed ofbulrushes. It is Oberon's golden horn, at whose voice everybody breaks out in dance....an enchanted dance.... the dance of forgetfulness. A waltz now passionate, now melancholy,44 Aufforderung zum Tanze " do you hear the rustle of silk dresses, the mocking laugh ofcoquettes, do you hear the prayers of tortured lovers, the blood inflamed mad vivace andkisses on inebriated lips each time softer and each time more burning!Again the owl responds.... but this time her voice is more dreadful as though she wouldforetell some evil.... the wind has seized the violin and plays a terrible song.... all thestrings are broken already.... but the indefatigable player strikes the case time after timewith the bow, attracting her night companions: bats, crows, death's heads and venomous snakes.The fluttering of wings, the hissing of evil reptiles and the dismal croaking of voraciousbirds, deafen the lament of Orpheus' lyre: " Laissez«vous toucher par rnes pleursSpectres, larves, ombres terribles,Soyez, soyez sensiblesA l'exces de mes malheurs." (i)Vulcan from his forge replies with a clap of thunder imitating the roll of kettle drums.Suddenly a thunder bolt tears asunder the curtain of spider's web. On the prosceniumProsper© makes his appearance as Prologus, in a chasuble embroidered with mysterioussigns and with a magician's mitre on his head. The fantastic players pass now into themajestic larghetto of the air from Mozart's " Magic flute," "In diesen heil' gen Hallen"....The magician' to the low accompaniment of the melody, concluded his speech with thisincantation:" Drum schonet mir an diesem TagProspekte nicht und nicht Maschinen!Gebrauch't das gross'und kleine Himmeslicht,Die Sterne diirfet ihr verschwenden;An Wasser, Feuer, Felsenwanden,So schreitet in dem engen BretterhausDen ganzen Kreis der Schdpfung aus,Und wandelt mit bedacht' ger SchnelleVom HIMMEL durch die WELT zur HOELLE. (2) is the interpreter of the inexpressible; and it therefore seems a folly to try and convey" its meaning afresh by means of words." &amp; &amp; &amp; GOETHE" ''jphe Artist is told to go and study Nature. But it is no small matter to evolve the loftyout of the commonplace, or beauty out of formlessness." £? GOETHE" r would persuade us that, according to your system, we not only shoulddecline the succour of the wretched, but avoid the sympathies that poets and historianswould awaken in us. Probably for the sake of introducing some idle verses, written by afriend of his, he says that, following the guidance of Epicurus, we should altogether shunthe theatre; and not only when Prometheus and CEdipus and Philoctotes are introduced,but even when generous and kindly sentiments are predominant, if they partake of thattenderness which belongs to pity.LANDER, " Imaginary Conversations(Epicurus, Eeontion &amp; Ternissa.) lii Athc u &gt;s . The Actors* Their dismissal. The artisans* Apollo . Quince c£* Bottom A new theatre. The inaugural p ei for mane e • The theatreprospered. A vestibule The Mariners. Ariel. &amp; A strangeisland. &amp; King Prospero. The joyfuldance. &amp; OccultScience . The Herald. A strangetheatre . Th e overture The owltesponds. Vulc an . The incantation, (i) A. de Vlgny, Lettre a Lord.... (1) Gautier, " L'art dramatlque (1) Gluck, " Orphee "(2) Goethe, " Faust," Prolog lm Theater. THE ARCHITECTUREAND COSTUME OFSHAKESPEARE'S GREEKPLAYS by E. W. Godwin. Timon of Athens is one of those plays which is so far adoubtful or at least a patched work, that one need not beultra-conservative in the matter of stage directions. Thus Ihave no hesitation in uniting the first, second and thirdScenes of the third Act into one external or street scene,the first and third Scenes being enacted at the thresholdsof the houses of Lucullus and Senipronius. The fifth Scenemight be omitted altogether; it has nothing to do withShakspere, and certainly nothing to do with the plot. Theshort first Scene of the second Act may also very well beomitted in stage representation. If further we make the" room of state " of the second Scene of the first Act thesame as the " magnificent room " in the last Scene of thethird Act, we shall have the architectural scenery reducedto the following list:— &amp; &amp;1. A hall in Timon's house.2. A room of state in Timon's house.3. A public place.4. Without the walls of Athens. The Siall in Timon's house (Act L, Sc. i; Act 11., Sc. 2;Act 111., Sc. 4; Act IV., Sc. 2) can be no other than theTtpoOupov approach, vestibule or court between the street andthe front door. There might have been merely a wall or awall with colonnade towards the street and several entrancesleading from it to the court or prothyron. This court was in effect as free as the street, for the porter and the dogs were always kept within the frontdoor of the house itself. A once rich and ever generous openhanded man like Timon would, doubtless, have his residence built in the best possible way, so we may fairly conclude thatit was constructed of Pentelic marble, that its walls were covered with imagery, that its doorswere clothed with costly metals and ivory, in a word, that it was exceptionally magnificent,and nearly, if not quite, as sumptuous as the palace of king Leontes in Sicily. In the banquetscene the guests would recline on couches, for although the men of Homer's time and theDorians of Crete always sat, the Athenian had learnt to eat in a reclining posture longbefore the time of Timon. One couch held, as a rule, only two guests (1) and had a separatetable provided for it. Upon these couches were heaped goat skins, carpets, and cushions,so as to make them not merely comfortable but luxurious. The dinner, when of the mostrecherche description, consisted of soup, boiled fish, poultry, and meat, piled up on thetables; these done with the tables were removed, then followed the finger glasses of theperiod, plaited chaplets of flowers for the heads of the guests, and perfumes handed roundby firm limbed girls; last of all, the loving cup passed round to the sound of music, andthen were brought in clean or fresh tables piled with fruit baked cakes, and toasted sweetmeats.jZ? Leaving Timon and his friends over their wine and water we pass into the street, and findthat a public way in Athens was not very unlike what it was in Sicily. Of the walls ofThemistocles and of the gates nothing remains, and any attempted restoration of them mustbe in great part conjectural. We are told that they were sixty feet high. There areremains of foundations at Pass turn and other places to show us how thick these Greekfortifications sometimes were and how they were constructed. That there were squaretowers and battlements and loopholes may also be received as tolerably certain. We mayalmost take it for granted that the gateway was square-headed, and that the masonry was massive and regular, but if we wish to go further than this, restoration must besupplemented by design. ds? &amp; &amp; jg? &amp;And now turning to the costume of B. C. 430=407. I confess lam troubled; not for wantof authorities but through excess of them. On marble, vase, coin, and gem are the illustrationswhich the old Greek has left us of the written word. This last tells us of women deckedout in the feminine yellow or saffron-coloured chitons over loose Cimmerian transparentchemises, or chitonians of fine linen, with girdles round the waist, and sandles on the feet.An outer garment and a cloak, or himation, was worn over the chiton, the latter usuallyat night and in cold weather. Besides these, mention is made of Persian slippers, veils(shawl or peplos), parasols, small mirrors suspended from the girdle, rings, necklaces, goldornaments, paints and unguents for the skin, the head-dress, the head-band, and the caulor net cap worn also at night. We are told of the hair of some women being cut bowl-fashion,of that of others being loose and flowing. As to the men, we learn that they wore a linenshirt, a chiton, girded, shoes, and in winter a cloak and boots, and that they wore the chapletof flowers received at dinner throughout the evening, although they might be going to otherhouses. The colours most usually employed were the Tyrian purple, the Sardian red, softwhites, tender greens, and dark blue-greys. It is somewhat strange that, considering the abundance of illustration in the BritishMuseum alone, a Greek dress has yet to be made; for neither in the numerous (attempted)Classical costumes of the stage, nor in the paintings of Classical subject publicly exhibitedhas a Greek tunic or chiton been fairly represented. It is quite impossible without the helpof drawings to fully explain the different shapes of and modes of wearing this the chief articlein a Greek wardrobe; but it may be noted— (1.) that fineness and closeness of texture in thewool is essential; (2.) that fullness of material so as to secure a multitude of folds is equallynecessary; (3.) that the gigantic key and wave borders we have been accustomed to see onthe English stage have nothing to do with Greek work of the time of Alcibiades; (4.) that thedecoration of the dress was effected by double lines and dots arranged vertically in thecentre of the front of the chiton as well as by border lines; (5.) that there were sundry kindsof girdles ranging from the simple string tied in a large bow at the front or side to thebroad metal zone tied or clasped; and (6.) that there were two distinct kinds of chiton—onesingle bodied, and the other compound or double bodied (called 5171X0%), which consisted inthe chiton being much longer than the person, the extra length being doubled over, andfalling over the front and back as low as the waist or lower. Besides these common formsof the chief dress we meet with illustrations of over dresses reaching some distance belowthe waist, and girded. Some of these have short shaped sleeves, and some have long, loose,or bag sleeves. Another form which has the appearance of a sleeve is nothing more thanthe upper extensive hem of the chiton dropping over the upper arm, and looped up by one,three, four, five, or six buttons. For the Greek chiton was formed of a square cut piece ofwool, and was as broad or broader than it was long. When, therefore, the dress was not loopedover the arm, it hung from the shoulder button in an open fold under each arm, through whichmight, perhaps, occasionally be seen the delicate chemise or vest beneath. The borders wereusually enriched with single lines, sometimes dots set close together were added on one orboth sides of the line, and in the richest examples double lines occur, the upper band thusformed enclosing embroidered figures—the marginal one decorated with conventional leafage.&amp; Various, too, was the arrangement of the women's hair, as also the designs of theirhead-dresses. Some of these were extremely beautiful, others, again, look awkward, notto say ugly, if such an objectionable word may be allowed in connection with anythingGreek. The bracelets were chiefly of gold, made in the spiral form. Necklets were mostlyof beads or pearls, which were also used for the head-dress, for neckchains, and even girdles.The peplos or shawl, and the chlamys or scarf, were worn out of doors. The first of thesewas a very capacious sort of wrap, and was often used as a cover to choice furniture.It was usually worn round the body, the end being thrown over one shoulderand falling to the bottom of the back. The scarf was sometimes made in an oblong piece,the length equal to twice its width, and sometimes with triangular goars or wings added.The chiton and chlamys were worn by both sexes. I might go on exhausting the patienceof my readers with descriptions of the different methods of wearing the scarf, and ofmany other modes and details of dress, but if anyone is anxious to learn more they have but to devote a spare day or two to the British Museum, or, if this is not within their reach,Hamilton's " Vases" may be consulted. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;And now, after one has been wandering in museums and noting ancient eastern authors,it is quite a refreshing change to come home once more and to turn to the notices of costumesin the text of Winter's Tale and Tim on. iiermione's words——You may ride usWith one soft kiss, a thousand furlongs, ereWith spur, we heat an acre,introduces us at once to a period wholly different from the time of Alcibiades. As we goon we hear of the day when Leontes saw himself unbreech'd in his green velvet coat, his44 dagger muzzled lest it should bite its master, and so prove, as ornaments oft do, toodangerous." Hermione wears " a medal," also called " a jewel," hanging about her neck, afashion we see illustrated in many of the sixteenth and seventeenth century paintings.Paulina is persuaded of the clown's truth by recognising her husband's handkerchief andrings. And lastly, in the fourth Act, mention is made of '• three pile " (velvet), and of a hostof Elizabethan millinery, " ribands of all the colours in the rainbow," points or tags, inkles,caddisses, cambrics, lawns, tawdry lace, tape, silk, thread, sham jewels, brooches, pomanders,shoe-ties, andGloves, as sweet as damask roses;Masks for faces, and for noses;Bugle bracelet, necklace-amber,Perfume for a lady's chamber:Golden quoifs, and stomachers.&amp; In Timon of Athens drums and gloves are almost the only words which refer to costumeor properties of a later age than that to which this history belongs. &amp; Timon of Athens Pagill a d . The hall. A p nblie wayin At hen s . The costnme. The Greek tunic The women*shair . Hermione. (1) The Roman couch was usually arranged for three. PLAYS &amp; PLAYWRIGHTS, PICTURES&amp; PAINTERS IN THE THEATRE, by Gordon Craig. I go and however intelligent or unintelligent the people may be, and howeveri carefully they have read what I have written upon the Theatre, the eternal questioncomes back over and over again: sometimes aggressively put to one, sometimes nicely put:"Do you want to sweep away all the plays out of the theatre? Do you find the idea of thepoet in the theatre offensive ? Please say what is the meaning of this extraordinary idea ofyours, that that which has been good for hundreds of years is suddenly to be held as bad."It is exceedingly difficult to reply to all this, and as it is exceedingly difficult let us tryto do SO. jg? &lt;£&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;/£/&amp; Of course to me the whole question is so clear that it ceases to be a question any longer.5t has become the obvious with me that when man sets his hand to a work he should nottake by the wrist another man's hand and use it to do the work in question, and then callit his work. &amp; &amp;The whole thing is so obvious to me that in order to be able to reply carefully andsensibly to those to whom it is not obvious, I must remove myself from the picture beforeme, and see every line in the pictures which the others see. And if I try to do that I shallhave to see some very dull things, and discuss some very dull points, which are obviousto most of us; but if the question has to be gone into at all perhaps this is inevitable. &amp;&amp; I have a horrible dread of proving people to be wrong, especially the man who takesthe Arts easily. I have more than a large appreciation of his good sense. Besides Ido notwant to prove that the man who goes to the pit to see 44 Richard III," is wrong for goingthere, no matter what his reason is. &amp;Let us take the whole front row of the London pit, consisting of twenty people. Ask them the reason why they have come to the theatre. Five reply, " 1 come tosee Mr.... act." Three reply, 44 It is such a great play, I like to hear it so much." Twogiggle and reply, " We don't know why we come, but we think it is such fun. " Twoare there from a sense of duty both to the actors or the play, and to the audience; andthe other eight will give us several elaborate and conflicting reasons for their presence. &amp; One will say, that it is the extraordinary sense of the impossible, the grim absurdity ofthe whole thing, which fascinates him (excellent judge!). rz/&amp; The second will tell you that after having spent the day among dull and matter of factpeople it is quite interesting to find a body of people who will sit still while actors andscenery are pretending on the stage. &amp;&amp; Then there is the third, the critical man; one who having read how Edmond Keanilluminated Shakespeare by sudden flashes of genius, and that the Kemble family were ofthe 44 classical" school and that Charles Fechter was a romantic actor, and having read ahistory of the stage which skips over the first couple of thousand years in two pages and onlybegins to go into detail when it comes to the Shakespearean era, this man will be there,because somehow he feels that the thing would be incomplete without him; he is one ofthe men who know.... has he not read all about it? &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Then next to him is sitting a young lady, who, with the intelligence which is natural inher sex, is ready to see all that is there and more, (or less) if required; and yet indeed sheleans towards the 44 more " and is ever the champion of the 44 more " when she finds it. &amp;&amp; Next to her sits the grumbler, one who goes to a theatre because he must, and who, 1believe, is always the one who is most deeply moved by what he sees. Yet when the curtainis once down he will tell you that was not the way to do it at all. 44 Why," he says, 44theactors are so many sticks; nothing real about them. " He draws our attention to the flappingscenery and grumbles about the incidental music which he says spoils the effect; and hedetests all those flashing lights, which, he says, spoil the illusion. But what illusion isdestroyed he is totally unable to define. The rest of the row say that it is very niceindeed and they all applaud heartily, while he continues to grunt and mumble and keeps0n repeating that 44 that isn't the way to do it." &amp; &amp; And so we see that very nearly each single man or woman is come there for a differentpurpose, sees the thing in a different light, and composes what we can term an " audiencethat is to say a single idea; that audience which the actor always looks on as one man, andwhich we must accept as the " ideal spectator." &amp; &amp;&amp; One thing is irrefutable. They cannot keep away from the theatre. And another thingwhich we must admit is this: that out of the twenty, fifteen have come to see something. 1will even go so far as to say that the entire twenty have come to see something; becausethe first on our list, the first five who came to hear Shakespeare more or less admit thatthey came to see it performed, for had they wished they could have Joined the manythousands who sit at home and read it silently, and in this way hear it in their mind'sear with all its amazing and wonderful accompaniment; or joined those who read ittogether in Societies.&amp; So we can say somewhat surely that all have come to see the play. &amp; Thisdesire is as fierce as any in the nature of man. Only when seeing does a manthoroughly believe. There are innumerable proofs of this, and many will occur to you atthis moment without my mentioning them. So now; it Is reasonable to ask that that whichthe people desire and go to the theatre to find, should be given to them.&amp; They go to see something; they should be shown it. Only by showing themwill they be satisfied. Therefore I hold that properly to satisfy their eye, and through thattheir being, we should not confuse them or confuse their sense of sight which is mostdelicate, by pounding at the same time at their ears with music or with words, nor byattacking their minds with problems and shaking their bodies with passions. &amp;&amp; Let us take something as an example of what I mean.... that part in the play of" Macbeth " where he prepares to nerve himself to rob King Duncan of his life. He is roamingabout in and out of the dark corridors of his castle. Behind him, like his shadow, a servantmoves, they pass and repass a window, and I think I see him gazing out a long time towardsthe heath. He continues his prowling, and then rests upon a stone bench. The servantholding a trembling light, looks at him, and he looks back again.... Once more he begins topace the corridor, he is afraid to be left alone. He thinks of his wife, then becomes moreafraid of being left quite alone ;..v " Go, bid thy Mistress when my drink is ready shestrike upon the bell." The servant departs. He continues to roam up and down. In hisagitation the figure of his wife takes the place of his servant. He feels particularly fine;he has an audience; he seems to take courage and his desire warms in him. He will doit.... The servant returns, startling him for an instant.... "Get thee to bed " He watchesthe flame of the torch as it dwindles and dwindles, down the steps leading to the basement;a flame at first, it now became a streak.... a streak.... &amp; &amp; &amp;" Is this a dagger that I see before me?The handle towards my hand? Come, let me clutch thee;I have thee not, and yet I see thee still.Art thou not, fatal vision, sensibleTo feeling as to sight? or art thou butA dagger of the mind; a false creationProceeding from the heat»oppressed brain.I see thee yet, in form* as palpableAs that which now I draw.Thou marshal's! me the way that I was going;And such an instrument I was to use.Mine eyes are made the fools o' the other senses,Or else worth all the rest: I see thee stillAnd on thy blade, and dudgeon, gouts of bloodWhich was not so before. = There's no such thing.It is the bloody business, which informsThus to mine eyes.... Now o'er the one half worldNature seems dead, and wicked dreams abuseThe curtain'd sleep; now witchcraft celebratesPale Hecate's offering; and wither'd murder,Alarm'd by his sentinel, the wolf, Whose howl's his watch, thus with his stealthy pace,With Tarquin's ravishing strides, towards his designMoves like a ghost.... Thou sure and firmset earth,Hear not my steps, which way they walk, for fearThe very stones prate on my where«about,And take the present horror from the time,Which now suits with it.... While I treat, he lives:Words to the heat of deeds too cold breath gives.(A bell rings)I go, and it is done; the bell invites me.Hear it not, Duncan; for it is a knellThat summons thee to heaven or to hell.Now here is what I mean. This same idea, these same figures, these same visions, canbe better brought before the eye and so into the soul of the audience if the artistconcentrates on that which appeals to the eye, than if that which appeals to the brain, andthat which appeals to the ear is making simultaneous confusion, (i) &amp;&amp; It is difficult to read this one speech of Macbeth slowly, when other sounds and sightsare exterminated and we are quiet in our rooms, and get the full value of what Shakespearehas put there. We can read the speech three, four or five times, and then only is some ofits worth caught by us. And having read this speech three, four, five times let anyonecontinue to read the entire play, and he will be as fatigued as though he had walkedtwenty miles. But he will have felt some of that which Shakespeare intended him tofeel, though by no means all. &amp; That which he feels we shall not feel when we go to seethe play performed in the theatres. &amp;When we read those lines we are not cramped within three walls. We wander up tothe top of the Castle with Macbeth, we gaze across the rooky woods and across the hills;we can descend with him into the cellars, we may pass out and among the bushes whichbank themselves at the foot of the damp castle of Glamis. And if we only went so far withShakespeare 1 should not have reason to object to the cramping in between three wallswhich we are subjected to in the theatre; for we should not be great losers. But when weread, we ride with Shakespeare upon the sightless couriers of the air. Pity, like a nakednew born babe, hangs in the air before us; we see the wolf with Tarquin's ravishingstrides passing before us; he seems to prowl round the room, the entire time we arereading. We hear the bell which strikes and rings the knell at the death of Duncan. As wesit in our room reading, the bell time after time booms out in the distance. Later,tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow, creeps in this petty pace from day to day...."Round our room, outside the window, above us in the room over our head, creeps continuallythe tomorrow and tomorrow, and so losing all this in the Theatre we are great losers. &amp;It is not people and things, but ideas which so surround and possess us as we sit andread. And when art is so great and so perfect that it can bring us in the mere readingsuch priceless magical things, it is little short of sacrilege to destroy that which producesthose ideas by confusing us and our other senses, by appealing to those other senses at thesame time.How obvious this all should be. And so, although it is absurd to talk hopefully of thepossibility that in a short time these plays may not be put on the stage, I would have themthere but seldom for the reason I have suggested, that on the stage we lose them.&lt;£? And there is another reason why I would not have them there, and it is this: thesame idea, the same impression the same beauty and philosophy if you wish can be putbefore the eyes of an audience without at the same time confusing their ideas through anappeal to their other senses.A man, (we may call him Macbeth, though it does not matter what his name is)—maybe seen passing through all these doubts and fears—a figure in action; and round him otherfigures in action; and though we may not receive the superb impression which a master (which Shakespeare) gives us, we shall through our eyes receive a clearer impression thanif the other senses were called upon at the same time to " assist", for, instead of assisting,they would confuse, as they ever do. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Suppose we look at a picture by Signorelli, the famous one of the Berlin Gallery. Ifail utterly to believe that a string quartett playing hard at the same time would assistour eyes; or that some one reciting to us simultaneously the "Birth of Pan " would bringout the qualities in the picture. It would only confuse. &amp; &amp; Supposing we are listening to the Pastoral Symphony by Beethoven. I do not believethat a panorama of hay-makers making hay, or a pleasant voice reading to us from Spenser's\" Shepherd's Calender " would add In any way to the understanding or the enjoyment ofthose qualities which are in the Symphony. It would only confuse. &amp; &amp;Has it ever been tried? No, indeed! The musicians have protected their garden well.The painters have protected theirs well. &amp; The theatre men have left their vineyard, andit has been annexed by.... anyone who wished to make use of it. The playwrights madeuse of it once: Shakespeare, Moliere and the rest. Then Wagner took a fancy to thevineyard. Until today we find that the painter is actually making eyes at the little place....the painter, the man who has been given innumerable myriads of acres, a little patch ofwhich he had cultivated till now so exquisitely. But now both painter, and musician, aswell as the writer, have grown discontented, each with his vast possessions; and so theannexing goes on. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;And I am here to tell of this, and I claim the theatre for those born in the theatre, andwe will have it! Today, or tomorrow, or in a hundred years, but we will have it! So yousee I do not wish to remove the plays from the stage from any affectation, but first becauseI hold that the plays are spoiled in the theatre, and secondly I hold that the plays and theplaywrights are spoiling u5.... that is %to say are robbing us of our self-reliance and our vitality.In Germany and in England, even in Holland where they are at times particularlyintelligent, they follow up their statement that I wish unreasonably to drive out the playsand the playwrights from the theatre without reason, by adding that I wish to introducethe paintet in the place of the author. &amp;&amp; What leads them to surmise this, is that I happen to have made very many stagedesigns on paper. In my time I have produced many pieces on the stage, and in most caseswhen doing so, I have not previously produced designs on paper; and if I possessed a theatreof my own, I should not convey on to paper the designs which are in my mind, but I shouldplace them directly on to the stage. &amp; &amp;But as I have not yet this theatre of my own, and as my mind leaves me no rest untilthese designs and ideas are put into one form or another, I have been forced to makestudies of these ideas with the limited means at my disposal. And so lam judged by whatis seen on paper and am acclaimed as Maler, (painter); and instantly the thoughtless screamout, "Ha, ha! we have unearthed this terrible conspiracy; this man is only arguing froma little standpoint. He only wants to oust our plays from the stage so that his picturesmay come there instead". &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;But, gentlemen, I assure you you have made another mistake. A mistake very easy tomake and very difficult to avoid making, because you naturally say to yourselves, " If he isnot a painter what is he? He can't be a stage manager, because a stage-manager firstdemands a playwright, and this man does not demand a playwright". 3 see your difficultyperfectly well. HOW can you understand that which has not been; how can you believein that which you have not seen? Oh, for a few such men.... who seeing with the mind'seye things which are visionary, believe in the heart of their minds that which they see.Let me repeat again that it is not only the writer whose work is useless in the theatre.It is the musician's work which is useless there, and it is the painter's work which isuseless there. All three are utterly useless. Let them keep to their preserves, let themkeep to their kingdoms, and let those of the theatre return to theirs. Only when theselast are once more reunited there shall spring so great an art, and one so universally beloved,that I prophesy that a new religion will be found contained in it. That religion will preachno more, but it will reveal. It will not show us the definite images which the sculptor andthe painter show. It will unveil thought to our eyes, silently.... by movement.... in visions.&amp; So you see n0w.... 1 hope you see.... that the Theatre has nothing to do with the painter, or painting, fust as it has nothing to do with the playwright and literature. You also see thatmy proposition is a very harmless 0ne.... some of you will say a very foolish 0ne.... this ofrestoring our ancient and honourable Art. Very harmless, because you see that I amentirely free from antagonism towards the poets or the dramatists; and what feeling I haveabout the matter is so slight, that it will influence the modern theatre but little. Themodern theatre will retain its place and will go on being the modern theatre until thepainter shows a little more fight, and then it, will become the more modern theatre, andthen some other artist, perhaps the architect, will have his turn; and then the two willfight it 0ut.... it will be a beautiful little tussle.... and we, the men of the theatre, that isto say the third dog, will run off with the bone.... Voila! &amp; The eternalquestion . A front rowin the Pit. The criticalman. &amp; The grumbler. Differentpurposes, They come to* see' the play. Macbeth. His visi on. One appealrather thanwan y . &amp; Readingthe 1 i n e s . Ideas, not thingspossess ns. The intruders. Aw r on gst at e in e nt. A mistake. (1) This hint of how Mr. Craig conceives of this one scene in Macbeth will make all readers of "The Mask" the moreeager for his promised production of the play at " His Majesty's." Every production of Mr. Craig's has been beautiful,and memorable .... each one more so than the preceding. We are therefore justified in looking on to this comingproduction not only as a rare pleasure, but as an event of the greatest importance in the annals of theatrical art. Ed: DRAMATIC FORM. GOETHE. From the translation of W. B. Rlönnfeldt. 1775 jt is well=nigh time that people ceased talking about the form of dramatic compositions,about their length and shortness, their unities, their beginning, middle and end, and all the rest of it; and that we now began to go straightway to their contents, which hitherto,it seems, have been left to take care of themselves. &amp;There is, however, one form which is as distinct from the other as the internal sense fromthe external; a form which is not tangible but requires to be felt. Our head must be able tooverlook that which the head of another can grasp; our heart must be able to feel thatwhich the heart of another can feel. The intermingling of the rules will not give rise tolooseness; and, though the example should prove dangerous, yet it is at bottom better tomake a confused piece than a cold one.Indeed, if only more persons were alive to this inner form, which comprehends withinitself all forms, we should not be disgusted by so many abortive productions of the intellect;writers would not think of expanding every tragic event into a drama and of slicing upevery novel into a play. I wish that some clever individual would parody this twofoldnuisance by arranging, say, the /Esopian fable of the Wolf and the Lamb in the form of atragedy in five acts. &lt;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;Every form, even that which admits of the greatest amount of feeling, has in it somethingthat is untrue. Yet the form is invariably the glass through which we collect the holy raysof extended nature and throw them upon the heart of humanity as their focus. But as forthe glass—he to whom it is not given, will not succeed in obtaining it, do what he will. Likethe mysterious stone of the alchemists, it is both husk and matter, both fire and coolingdraught; it is so simple, so common, it lies before every door, and yet so wonderful a thingthat just those people who possess it can as a rule make 110 use thereof.JZ? He who would work for the stage should, moreover, study the stage, the effects ofscenography, of lights, of rouge and other colouring matter, of glazed linen and spangles.He should leave nature in her pioper place, and take careful heed not to have recouiseto anything hut what may he performed hy children with puppets upon hoards andlaths, together with sheets of cardboard and linen. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; BOOK REVIEWS THE TRAINING OR THEIMAGINATION. JAMRS RHOADRS.John Jane. I/- net. cloth. D. N. L. " Wow' w*ia* * want is facts. Teach theseboys and girls nothing but facts. Pacts44 alone are wanted in life. Plant nothing44 else and root out everything else, and be in44 all things regulated and governed by fact."This theory of Mr Gradgrind's, in spite of theyears which have elapsed since Dickens wrotehis 44 Hard Times," still finds its advocates,...too many of them; and for that reason weought to be grateful to all who, in whateversphere, try, like Mr James Rhoades, by word&amp; example to combat so pernicious a doctrine,to advocate the training and development ofthe imagination, and to help to set life freefrom the slavery of statistics and the bondageof mere facts. &amp; &amp; &amp;We have certainly travelled far since thosedays in our educational theories: moreenlightened teachers have begun to grasp theidea that facts are only symbols representingdeeper things, and that it is of greaterimportance to help a pupil to open his eyesand perceive for himself those underlyingtruths than it is to stuff him with names andstatistics like a Strassburg goose; and weshould hope great things from such methodsas those set forth by Mr Rhoades in his littlebook. JS/But although the reproach lies less heavyupon our schools than it once did, wefear that this dictum of Mr Gradgrind's isstill held in far too much esteem in thetheatre, and we can very readily imaginethese words, in a slightly altered form, uponthe lips of certain stage managers of thepresent day.44 What we want is facts: Realism. Give this44 audience nothing but facts. Facts alone44 are wanted on the stage. Let your model44 of Glamis Castle be a perfect detailed44 statement, on however small a scale. Let44 streams of real water, fresh from the44 Borough Reservoirs, flow beneath it.44 Surround your witches with real vapour44 produced by a real steam engine in the44 background, and what more can an44 intelligent public desire?"What more? Rather, perhaps, what less?They want less statement; more suggestion.They do not want to be shut up in this worldof realities, for reality is of necessity limited: they want an opening made through whichtheir imagination can escape into wider spaces,into the infinite region of the poet's thought.The scenery may be very ingenious, even, inin its way, beautiful: but, as Mr Rhoadeswrites, there is a 44 higher thing than thebeauty either off words or of thought clothed inwords, the pure thought itself"; and, so,beyond the scenery, beyond the interpretiveor symbolic gestures of the actors, must bethe pure thought itself; and any mode ofrepresentation which has closed or obscuredthe way to the perception of this thought hasfailed in its aim. &amp; &amp;The materials used "may be of the simplest.The Bible miracles of the turning of stonesinto bread, the fairy legends of the changingof dead leaves into gold, are really no morewonderful than what the artist still does forus today. For, as Mr W. S. Lilley writes,44 the incommunicable attribute of genius is44 that active imagination which constrains44 exterior objects to express the artist's44 thought. " &amp;As Mr Rhoades points out, a poet can take ahandful of common words, such as 44 blow ",&lt;4winter," 44und" 44unkind," "ingratitude," &amp;,with a sprinkling of conjunctions, prepositionsand pronouns, 44 transform them into a thingof perfect beauty and immortal breath." So,on the stage, the artists of the stage shouldbegin to create like wonders from the barestmaterial.And the audience? Would they be discontentedbefore such a representation? We do notthink so: for, to quote Mr. Rhoades again,(since what he says of his scholars would, webelieve, apply also to their elders) 44 they haveimagination and to spare: what it needs iswakening and directing. " &amp;We do not deny that the imaginative faculty,so fresh and strong in the young, does becometo a certain extent atrophied in older persons,when, through long years, it is never exercised:but even so we believe that it is not so muchdead as dormant, and is ready to awaken atthe right appeal. &amp; &amp; &amp;That this appeal is at present but rarely madein the theatre all will admit. That it will bemade in the near future, ever more stronglyand poignantly, all who watch the work ofthe younger men, the few artists, in thetheatre, in whom lies the hope of the future,firmly believe. £?£?£?&amp;This is an enjoyable little book, excellentlyprinted by Mr Clownes &amp; Sons for Mr John Lane. BOOKS, A2VTD JOURNALS RECEIVED. « The Life of Henry Irving, by Austin Brereton.Longmans, Green &amp; Co, London. The Study ofthe Drama by Charles Caffyn, Baker &amp; Taylor Co.New York. Putnam's &amp; The Reader. Indianapolis.Ord och Bild, Stockholm. &amp; The Book News MonthlyPhiladelphia, Pa. U.S.A What's On London. &amp;LeTSmoin, Paris. The Fra East Aurora. New York. &amp;" The Bibelot Portland, Maine U. S. A. £&gt; " ThePapyrus East Orange., New Jersey U. S. A. &amp;"Current Literature " New York. " The Studio ,London. &amp; " The New York Dramatic Mirror ,New York. &amp; " Rivista di Roma ", Rome. " Argus ,Helsingfors. &amp; " Die Schaubuhne Berlin. liTeatro Illustrate " Milan. &amp; &amp; FOREIGN NOTES MANCHESTER J. D. B. | Tnless The Mash aspires to be as cosmo- politan as to forget that " London " and44 England " (to say nothing of 44 Britain ")are not quite synonomous terms, it mayinterest your readers to know that we in ourhumble way are now sharing in that revivalof the Art of the Stage that we have hithertowatched enviously from afar.I say this advisedly, because it is only duringthe last twelve months that we have beenable to consider our contributions under thishead as at all worthy of the dignity of theArt. While commercialism and travellingcompanies reigned supreme, our audiencescould hardly be expected to do more thanabuse the fare provided; but with the esta- blishment of a repertoire theatre we, wholove the stage, are glad to notice the gradualgrowth of a new standard of taste,.... ajudgment which estimates and appraisesbefore affixing the seal of contemporaryapproval.What this criterion may be, it is of courseimpossible for me to say; but it will have tobe flexible, and perfectly adjustable to therequirements of the new atmosphere.We do not aspire very high as yet; and itmay be that the dignity of the Art has beenserved better by the bringing together of asmall community of theatre lovers, than byany matter put before them. The latter isgood, but its tendencies are limiting; theformer is a nucleus for indefinite expansion.The plays produced for us by the reper- toire company under the direction of Mr B.Iden Payne, have included several by MrCharles Mc Evoy, one by Bernard Shaw;translations from Rostand and Sudermannand Maeterlinck; other work on the samelines and more to follow. Our limitationshave not yet begun to hamper u5.... whenthey do it will be time to think of breakingthrough them. In the meantime we have acharming theatre, and we are just beginningto find out what it is we really want to see there. CAMBRIDGE R. B. 'TMie Art of the Drama does not flourish,generally, at Cambridge; There are alwaystouring companies at the New Theatre,... ofthe usual quality! Within the University aresome dramatic societies, which fulfill their purpose of amusing. But the stupid Univer- sity regulation that no society may producea play in which women act, whilst no doubtit preserves the morality of Cambridge, is asad obstacle to serious dramatic effort (i).This law, indeed, applies only to societies,(so subtle are the workings of morality I), sothat plays are sometimes performed, withwomen in the female parts, by temporaryassociations of private individuals. But evenwhen these are serious efforts their effectcannot last. There can be no continuity....Then there are the triennial and much-praisedGreek Plays; of great interest to scholars andoften, to musicians. They are staged withsome expense and great archaeological accu*racy, and stage-managed and directed by agreat many dons. There is a lot of light andcolour, quite uncontrolled and garish, andthe whole effect is rather dreary; though itcannot always conceal the supreme qualitiesof the actual play. uS? &amp;About a year ago a small society, called theMarlowe Dramatic Society, and composedalmost entirely of undergraduates, was formedfor studying and producing plays. They havealready given two performances of Marlowe's44 Dr. Faustus" with some success. It was to them that Christ's College turned,when it had decided to celebrate the tercen- tenary of Milton's Birth, and had come tothe vastly sensible conclusion that a dinnerfollowed by a performance of 44 Comus " wasa more reverent and agreeable way of honour- ing Milton than the customary dinner andtwo hours of speeches.Owing to the rule about women acting, theMarlowe Society could not perform the play.But it was undertaken by many of the samepeople, acting privately, with a few more ofkindred ideals; all, except one, connectedwith the University or Newnham College.Both the producers and the actors of 44Comus"were, by their own desire, anonymous on theprogrammes and bills. &amp;The business was carried through against thedisapproval or actual hindrance of some ofthose of former generations who are nowresponsible for the Drama at Cambridge;though others of them nobly helped withencouragement and advice a project quiteopposed to their own ideas of drama. &amp;The performances were given in the NewTheatre on July 10th and nth, 1908, and werevery successful. Even the Press, though puz- zled, was enthusiastic. " Comus though nota true 44 mask ", is not wholly dramatic,*...more a poem than a play. So great care wasgiven to a right and beautiful speaking ofthe poetry,... that art that's lost from themodern stage! and the ever-changing butcontinuous music of Milton's verse is harderthan any to express. The action was, as awhole, consciously restrained and slow;broken by the dances,... the 44fantastic round" of Com us' rout in the first scene, and themorris=dances, an aim airs and a corrente inthe third. jg?In the whole movement of the play a solemnrhythm was aimed at,... the white Apollonianspirit (but not purely classical!) of the earlyMilton, shot through by the most Orientalfervour of the rout of Comus, son of Bacchus!To the attainment of some such completeeffect each part,... music, dancing, speech,scenery,... was subordinated. The music,played by a string orchestra, was that writtenby Henry Lawes for the original production of" Comus " in 1684, with some contemporary dance tunes.In the setting of the play a compromise be*tween means and ideals was inevitable, butnot discordant. In the second scene, especially,Comus' palace by means of lighting from thewings, simple drapery, straight simple lineeand rich and harmonious colour in dress anddecoration, a setting of great beauty wasattained, which yet aided, not competed with,the action, in claiming and pleasing the at- tention of the spectator.The performance found great favour bothwith the company of literary celebraties whohad come to celebrate Milton's tercentenary,and with the public next day. The success of" Comus " is only the beginning in Cambridgeof a dramatic movement with fresh ideals and high enthusiasm. (I) At Oxford the law is just the reverse. No member ofOxford University may take a female part. So do the lawsof morality change with locality I LONDON J. B. It is only quite lately, in the last few hundredyears, that the beggar and poverty havebecome popular themes for the artist. Onceupon a time it was held a vile thing to singof pain and of hungry bodies and to paint itor hew it in marble or to groan it on musicalinstruments no less vile.Rembrandt?.... Kings had turned away fromthe artist by that time, and hence theenthroning of poverty.It is the wise duty of kings to do honour tothe artists of their land, for when the artistfinds nothing sympathetic in the idea ofRoyalty, he perforce turns to the extremeand rags interest him, then absorb him, andin the terrible and the despairing hefinds something akin. &amp; &amp;Today I was at a meeting of the unemployedof London. It was ug1y,.... terrible enough toattract the thoughts of an artist when Royaltypasses him without noting his existence.The Country and its Rulers are sometimes aptto forget this actual existence of the artist,and I think they undervalue his power.England would be a different and a moreJoyous country today if Royalty tried moreto understand the Artist and all he represents.If the House of Lords should ever have itsexistence curtailed it will be partly owing tothis utter disregard of the Arts of Architecture,Music and the Drama and those who lend their force to create these Arts. &amp; MOSCOW E. B. " TPhe Bine Bird "by Maeterlinck was pro*duced here last month at the MoscowArt Theatre, whose directors, M. Stanislawskiand M. Dantschenko have made their Theatre perhaps the first in Europe. jg?It is too little to say that a fine vitality ispossessed by the members of this remarkablecompany no less than by the directors. Theyseem to be able to do tlmags better than anyother theatrical company I have seen. Theycan sit on a chair better, they can rattle offwords better, they can flock out through adoor better, they can sit or stand still sayingnothing better than any other set of actorsin Europe. Added to this they can capturethe atmosphere of the author in so loving and so fine a manner.They can even be comic without beingvulgar,... thus a comedy with them is some*times a tragic affair at beholding which wefeel impelled to seriousness instead of being convulsed by mirth. THE SPECTATORS ft is in a theatre at Munich. The audienceof students is very unruly and is continuallyinterrupting the performance of " Hamlet"with bursts of laughter and loud criticisms.The King is suddenly seen striding towardsthe footlights.He is about to speak.... silence prevails. Hedoes not move as, with tragic and intense eyesand firm voice his sentences roll out :I have to act a King. It is very difficult.You have only to act at being gentlemen,...and you are unable to. "The silence in the theatre after thisspeech proclaims the power of the actor.But why should he wait to exert his poweruntil the students have derided his art? EDITORIAL NOTES ft is really quite extraordinary how certainwriters of today will attack anyone who statesthat acting is not an art... it is more extra- ordinary that these writers will dare to writeutter tomfoolery about both acting and artand it is most extraordinary that responsiblepapers will print the rubbish. &amp;An American actress has lately expressed theopinion that acting " is not one of the greatarts ". "If a woman is clever, if she hasthat great drawing power to attract attentionand admiration, the chances are she will bea good actress". JZ? &amp; &amp;Now it is quite obvious to anyone what thislady means. By great drawing pover shemeans great personal magnetism, withoutwhich she most correctly asserts no womancan be a good actress. One would think that this point had beensettled and accepted long ago; one does notdream that anyone will call in question sowell-established a fact: yet the PittsburghGazette-Times says in its editorial columns:'• With ideas such as these current in the" profession, is it any wonder that ' the" actor's reputation as an artist has been"steadily declining? The matinee idol has set" up for himself exactly the same standard...."to attract attention and admiration '. But" that is not acting. It is precisely the same" ambition that actuates the masher and the" coquette. The actor who cannot rise above" this base conception of his art should seek" some other calling, but should not on that" account belittle the art he does not measure" up to. With such great names as Booth and" Forrest in a past generation, and such as" Irving and Mansfield within a few years, it"would be futile to deny that there have"been actors who are real artists. We have" such actors among us 5ti11.... men and wo- " men who realize that though the stage paints" no enduring pictures it is as potent as the" pulpit as an esthetic and moral force. But" they do not put forward as their first am- * bition ' to attract attention and admiration Y' gn August the Stage took a step nearerperfection. It produced a play in a language...which few people can understand. &amp; Goethe's " Iphigenia in Tauris " was performedin Dresden by that remarkable actor EmanuelReicher and his beautifal daughter, and thelanguage spoken was Esperanto.It must have been an entrancing sight to seeEraulein Reicher moving gracefully throughthe dramatic piece and to have heard the finevoice of Emanuel Reicher without having tofollow the sense of the things they were saying.The scenery, to judge from the reproductionsin the Illustrated Journals, must have beenappallingly bad, and the costumes seem tohave been quite fairly incorrect.Soon we hope plays will be given in a languageno one can understand. &amp;Then the last tendency to preach will havebeen brushed away; then the Stage can turnto serious things again. &amp; &amp; THE CRITIC CRITICISED.Under this heading a letter lately appearedin the ''Westminster Gazette", and Mr E. F.Spence was the critic who had the honour ofreceiving it,... a doubtful honour, and itsurprises us that he took the trouble to printit. Yet it serves as a good illustration of thestupid section of the London public." You seem to think," writes some arrogantlydull creature, " that we can and ought to" have a drama like the novels of Meredith," which I believe nobody ever reads, or like" the pictures of Whistler that are simply" ridiculous": and later on we come to abrilliantly stupid passage which drawls asfollows: "Art is all very well in its way and"in its proper place. I like a good picture" or a good song, or a rattling story as well as" anybody; but art ought not to be shoved" down our throats." &amp; &amp;Innocence cannot go further than this. Thewriter signs the letter, " a middle-agedPleasure Seeker." Such a one takes pleasurein middle age. The youth is gone anyhow,for we must not forget that it is youth thatsprings joyously to the works of Meredithand Whistler, knowing it will find Youth inthese works,... and even Youth may claimthat it knows something about pleasure, forit creates pleasure if it does not go in searchof it. But the writer of the " WestminsterGazette " letter is evidently masquerading,pretending, laughing, having "a bit of fun",and so is typical of the weary middle-agedparty in England, who want " fun " at allcosts. Ashamed to be simple, alarmed lestthey may be serious, frightened to feelanything, they assume the penny satin masksold and bought by the million, and feel theyare " awfully witty " daring ".... " whatfun". Fun without wit, watery fun, theconsequence of delaying until middle age....cautious fun.... flopping fun.... fun getting upat midday.... fagged-out fun. This is whatsuch a writer asks for in the Theatre, and too often gets. &amp; J? TH E MOSffER BOOKS &amp;&amp; MDCCCXCI-MCMVIII j&amp; J&amp;For a dozen years the most artistic volumes at their price that have been issued in Americahave been published, not from New York or Boston, nor even in Philadelphia or Chicagobut it Portland, Maine. In that little city Thomas B. Mosher has been printing, withoutflourish of trumpets or wide advertising, volume after volume which in artistic excellenceare not excelled by the issues of any publishing house in the world. Then, too, Mosher hasreprinted only the gems of literature that have been declared of the first water; gems thatare, beyond objection, jewels of the world's treasury of brilliant writing. We may alsoassert that the question of gain has been secondary in Mosher's calculations. He has putout very small editions, and he has made them so beautiful in all that concerns their make-up that it is doubtful if he has ever gauged the expenditure by the possible profit. Never-theless, he must have done so, but in doing so he excites our admiration. £&gt;QUY CARLETON LEE in Baltimore Sun for Dec. 18, &amp;My new Catalogue a remarkable piece of book-work in itself explains this unusualcompliment, and is sent free on request to book-lovers anywhere that can be reachedby mail. My Catalogues are not made up of old and hackneyed quotations concerningbooks. You are not wearied by " a jollie good book " jingle and that sort of thing, butyou are treated to some very genuine prose &amp; verse not found in every cut and-decidedly-dried anthology. &amp; &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;THOMAS B. MOSHER &amp; PORTLAND. MAINE &amp; U. S. A. USEFUL ADLITERARY OFFICE. Palagio dell'ArtedeSla Lana. Copying, Typewriting &amp; Tran=slations in all languages. Secretarial workundertaken. -Typewriters sent to hotels.Shorthand, Typewriting &amp; TranslationsThe Misses Meille, 6, Via Campidoglio.Drs. DUNN. Grad. Philadelphia. DentalCollege. 9 Via Tornabuoni, i st floor. J. Benvenuti physician &amp; English, French &amp; German. V. Arcivesovado 2Mrs Cavazza, Masseuse &amp; American Manicu=re, Electric Massage; 31 V.Borghini. Tel. 1785DRESSES. NORTH GERMANThis Company's OWN Cabin BookingOffice is at No. 17, Via Tornabuoni.Manager: J. C. EBHARDT. &amp;ARCANGELIGATTI e Cie. ForwardingAgents &amp; Custom House Brokers. ViaCampidoglio I=3. Telephone 2349. &amp;R.P.BRUCE. 5 V.Vecchietti. Villas (o let &amp;sell. Apartments furnished#unfurnishedRepresentative of Messrs Nicholas Denyer&amp; Co: House &amp; Land Agents, London. THE WOO D* ENG RAVERS.of San LEONARDO*i'jt iirtnll I iniiiiiwi'iiwiiiiiniifPii m milll iiiiiißl'lllllll' 111 in 111 vcmxn*mnm?«nt.rarer,-wnawn7rw7vm'j™*eif!r*ss*zxzrvttaagfirz*m*r*rz*i*EX LIB RIS j&amp; Are yo a a BOOK LOVER?If you are you will desire that which can add to the beauty&amp; completeness of your Books, &amp; cannot do without A BOOKPLATE. In design your Book Plate must be grave yet charming, for its iduty is to act as watchman at the doors of all books, whether religious or profane.If you would possess such a Book Plate, simple, charming and distinguished, writeto the Wood Engravers of San Leonardo, directing your letter to them at theARENA GOLD ONI VIA DEI SERRAGLI FLORENCE (ITALY) andyou will receive all the information you desire. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;fMtrmrmuJii* r*imnr-our-.i,'X'firt?xrm'*r?ergea^jjfnSEmcaSKl/S^SfldMMi.^'-tiUCEitiiSßrayStiEKPUBLISHERS MARKS, LETTER PAPER HEADINGS, THEATRE PROGRAMMES ANDSOUVENIRS; EXHIBITION CATALOGUES, CHRISTMAS AND NEW YEAR CARDS DESIGNEDAND PRINTED BY US. &amp;.1. ■■■—..■ ~.i.i^J^.CT t»a^ißa7gw^naiwmiw«!t^^^iriraffii3naM3J^«^pr'f»i^^iW«JiaaL^fr^,™if'irE'?«gtK«v!ij,gL,«i3CgiMaHaa3«rWe do not make any attempt to compete with the cheap, popular and hastily madedesigns which may be obtained by the crowd: our designs are engraved by handon picked box»wood, and printed on our hand=press on specially selected papers obtainedfrom Holland and England. From the first design to the last print the work isexecuted and supervised by artists, and therefore art=lovers may be confident that,in sending their commissions to us, they are ensuring a work which shallbe as careful in its execution as beautiful and distinguished in its design.&amp; &amp; THE WOOD ENGRAVERS OF SAN LEONARDO. &amp;ARENA GOLD ONI - VIA DEI SERRAGLI - FLORENCE - ITALY. A PORTFOLIO OF ETCHINOS.By Gordon Craig with a preface. /'Xnly thirty portfolios will be issued, although ten or twenty additional copies of some ofplates will be printed according to the condition of the plate. The plates will thenbe destroyed. Each portfolio will be numbered. Each set consists of twelve designs looselymounted on grey card and contained in a grey cloth box portfolio with fastenings. Eachplate is signed by the artist. Size of portfolio 48x30 ctms. Average size of plate.14 2/3 x 15 2/3 ctms. The price for a portfolio will be L. 16 . o . o, (400 Francs or 320 Marks).Hphese etchings were made by the artist in the Spring of 1907 at Florence, and representhis most serious work. Connected as they are with his dream of an Ideal Theatre, theyin no way have anything in common with the modern stage. &amp;&amp;&amp;?&lt;&amp;44 Movement", writes Mr Craig, " was at the roots of the Ancient Theatre and will ever" remain the very Essence of the Art. &amp; &amp; &amp;" We must translate Movement through the medium of inanimate forms and thereby produce" once more an Impersonal Art which shall take its place by the side of its two sister" Arts, Music and Architecture". &amp; &amp;ORDER FORMTo The Publishers,The Publishing Office of " The Mask " 8, Borgo San Jacopo p. 2. Florence. Italy. &amp;Please send me the Portfolio of Etchings by Edward Gordon Craig, in payment for whichI enclose the sum of L. 16.0.0, (or 400 Francs or 320 Marks) &amp; &amp; &amp;Signed Address. LIBRAIRIE ANCIENNET. DE MARIN IS &amp; Co. &amp; 5 Via Vecchietti - FIRENZEa5T5&amp;iLtJUBZ? $illiiuiruvr11hruIXZD2»«iA,IS)fi, i«»*&lt;5:-.a»a• ( 9• «»«• ■tilll*MilLfl/X111&gt;57aULdJI* !•ouir00r»lIBtl30=!liii10.1naninrilaI c(MM•111J.lll IPO u* 9i I191144»!»•U«lr~00ithi"I IHIMMit*ftu»•••*nil*OflsnrtrGOOC1Ift ItVtrin"vwCmFine Collection of MSS.y Incunabula, rate and curious books XV-XIX cent.Illustrated Catalogues free on application. ADVERTISERS!SPECIAL OFFERThe Mask will be enlargedand contain French &amp; Eng-lish articles commencingwith the February num-ber. It will have a circu-lation of10,000 copiesa month.Apply immediately for spe-cial terms to be made tothose advertising in theFebruary number.Price of three advertise-ments for the price ofone. Circulation 10,000guaranteed. ■£* NEW YORK DRAMATICMIRROR £7The oldest and most reliable Americantheatrical paper, published every weekat 121 West 42nd Street. New York, U.S.A.Sample copies on request free ofcharge. Foreign subscriptions 5.50 Dollarsone year; 1.70 Dollars three months. EDITION DE LUXE.SPECIAL NOTICE TOBOOKEOVERS15 copies of " The Mask " will be printedMonthly upon a yellow hand-made deckle-edged paper identical in appearance andtexture with that made in the same districtof Fabriano in the year 1315. This editionwill contain Etchings and other printssigned by the artist, which will not beincluded in the popular edition. &amp;Yearly subscription: England, L. 3.5.0 Post Free„ „ f, Germany, Marks 67,00 „ „„ ~ „ America Dollars 16.00 „ »»„, t, » Italy Lire 82.00 ~ »„ „ Russia Roubles 30.00 „ ,» ANTONIO FRILLIPURVEYOR TO 10IMPERIAL &amp; ROYALFAMILIES &amp;FLORENCEVia dei Fossi 4j0 (ESTABLISHED i860)AWARDED PRIZESAT 48 NATIONAL &amp;INTERNATIONALEXHIBITIONSThe largest Establishment of Sculpture in,Marble Reproductions from the Antique&amp; Original Works. Portraits. Monuments,Mantels, &amp; Pedestals, Garden Seats,Vases Fountains Flower=stands, etc:ESTIMATES GIVEN ON APPLICATIONST LOUIS MO.GRAND PRIX1904 DINI &amp; CELLAIArtistic &amp; Decorative Terra Cotta ofSignaVia dei Fossi N. i - FLORENCE4 Reproduction of sculptures of Old andJWodern masters « Statues M Busts MVases M Bas-reliefs M pountains M DoorsChimneyiHpieees « Bases etc. etc. Inevery style la. P. VIEUSSEUXJ&amp; FLORENCE -*? VIA VECCHIETTI, 5 &amp;Reading rooms, containing the best Englishnewspapers and reviews. - Latest telegramsOpen daily 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. Sundays 8a.m. to 12 p.m. Subscription 35.00 a year.Ciiculating containing thousandvolumes in English, French, Italian, German,some Spanish and Russian. Open daily9 a.m. to 5 except Sundays. Beokssent to all parts of Italy and abroad.mmmmmmmmmmarngmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmammmmammmmm SPECIAL NOTICEThree Back Numbersof " The Mask " forthe Price of One Number.This offer holds good onlyfor This Month.Send one shilling or theequivalent in stamps ofwhatever country you arein toTHE PUBLISHING OFFICE8 BORGO SAN JACOPOFLORENCEITALY.