Bruno's Weekly 2 10 March 4th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-03-04_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 10 Aubrey Beardsley Illustration 1 From the Collection of Patrick F. Madigan Illustration 3 The Cabaret: Its Origin, Its Rise and Its Decline I. The Chat Noir, the First and the most Famous of the Cabarets 3-6 The Bruno Players 6-8 London Letter 8-10 Greeley Pays Poe for Contributions to Tribune with Promissory Note. Edgar Allan Poe cre 10-12 August Strindberg, by Gulbransson. Illustration 11 From Catulus 12 Nicotean Ethics L. C cre 13 Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner cre 13 A Man-trap Will. Visscher cre 13 Woman After the French of Catulle Mendes, by Guido Bruno cre 13-14 In Our Village 14-16 Books and Magazines of the Week G. B cre 16-18 Uguisu (A Japanese Nightingale). Son of Lafcadio Hearn cre K. Koizumi cre 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents March 4th, 1916W. and O. Copyfght March 4th, 1916. Original natter, including aBdrawings, may not be reproduced without permission of GuidoBruno; but that permission may be assumed if credit it given toauthor and Bruno's Weekly. BRUNO PLATERSATPCHARLES EDISON'S LITTLE THIMBLE THEATREAT NO. TEN FIFTH AVENUE. GREENWICH VILLAGE, N.Y.C.r CmHie WiltMiss JuliaA Naturalistic Tragedy, In One ActBy August StrmJbtrjMiss Julia Laura Arnoldjean Langdon GiOetChristine Alice Baker7k action taka place on Mid-Sutrmct Eat In tftt of the Count's- Country homt.GUIDO BRUNO. Maiutfav LANGDON GILLET, DirectorEVERY MONDAY, TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY,at 8.4 A P.M. and SATURDAY at « o'clock.ONLY 100 SEATS. AT ONE DOLLAR EACHT*twh*dattl&gt;»BOX OFFICE, 10 FIFTH A VENUE, &lt;r fcr M4 Readers of Bruno's Weeklyare asked to becomeSubscribers52 ISSUES FOR TWO DOLLARS BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 10 MARCH 4th, MCMXVI. Vol. 11. Copyright 1916 Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSauare, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of NewYork, N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Act of March3d, 1879. Aubrey Beardsley From the Collection of Patrick F. Madigan The Cabaret: Its Origin, Its Rise andIts Decline I. The Chat Noir, the First and the most Famous of the Cabarets wine-houses and coffee houses are as old asthe Rocky Mountains. And ever since they came intoexistence surely there have been singers and players of in- struments who have given here, to their own and to theamusement of others, samples of their merry art. But theinstitution which we call today the cabaret—the Frenchmansays, "cabaret chantant"—came into existence on the 18thof November, 1881, on that memorable day on which thepainter, Rodolphe Salis, opened his famous Chat Noir at No.84 Boulevard Rochechouart. Painters, poets and musicians—all kinds of elements constituting the intellectual proletar- iat, driven out of the old revered Quartier Latin, which wasbeing modernized at that time, packed up their belongingsand emigrated to the outer boulevard, to the sacred mountain,the Montmarte, the "Butte sacree."At the beginning, Salis was only the landlord in whose place the "Hydropaths" assembled once every week. Theonly credit he can get in those days was that he induced thisassembly of artists, among whom was Emilie Goudeau, tomove from the left bank of the Seine to the Montmarte.Every Friday they assembled. They played, they sang andthey laughed. Every guest who happened to come was wel- come, no matter whether he took active part in the enter- tainment or whether he remained a listener. Very soon allParis was talking about the "Black Cat," and the fact thatthere still could be found Bohemian life—that kind of Bohe- mian life known to all from Henri Murger's novels.But for the rapid success of this cabaret and its beingknown in the largest circles of Paris, Salis had to thank theweekly he started to publish, "Le Chat Noir." Here theParisians could see for the first time the marvelous carica- tures of Riviere, Steinlen, Willette, Henri Somn and Carand'Ache; there were poems and short pieces in prose byAuriol, Alphonse Allais and many others whose names arewell-known since, in French letters. Salis proved to be awonderful organizer. He always gave Paris something newto laugh about, as, for instance, that famous feast, "La Soupeet le Boeuf," and his memorable celebrations of the 14th ofJuly.Every Parisian had to see at least once this cabaret, andeach new guest was welcomed by the "Cabaretier—gentil- homme" with a dignified, well-set oration. Salis knew alwayshow to attract new talents to his house. And very soonnights were turned to days and the same happy merrimentcould be found in the "Black Cat" at any hour of the day.did not charge admission fees. But the prices paid forthe "consommation"—mostly a stein of beer—were exhorbi- tant; five, ten, twenty or more francs were paid for one glassof beer.Whole Paris was enthusiastic; with the exception of justthat part of the city which Salis made famous—the "Buttesacree." The "Sacred Mountain" had been for years the un- disputed property of the toughest and the roughest popula- tion of Paris. Prostitutes and their protectors had here theirhiding-places. These people looked upon the artists as in- truders. They were their declared enemies since the firstnight the 'Black Cat" opened its doors. They were ready todefend their rights with knife and gun. The different gangswere not satisfied with holding up guests on their way to thecabaret, but they even attacked the "Black Cat" itself. Salislaughed at first, but after one hard fight in which several ofhis guests were wounded, one of his waiters killed, and hehimself had received half a dozen stiletto wounds, he gave upand decided to move away.Salis bought in the street Victor-Masse—in those days itwas the Rue de Laval—the good-looking house of AlfredStevens, the painter, and equipped it with the help of hisfriends, magnificently for the purpose it should serve. PI.Pille designed the front with its monstrously big black cats;the lanterns and a show-piece were done by Gasset, and in the vestibule was the marvelous Venus of Houdorj. To theleft the salle des gardes, a beautiful room with a big window,the "Te deum laudamus," by Willette. There were picturesby Steinlen, by Riviere and many others. There were thou- sands of curiosities—things really worth while seeing. On thefirst floor were situated the "coimcil-chambers," the realcabaret of the artists. On the second floor, the banquet hallwhere the famous shadow plays took place. The walls werecovered with works of art. Anybody who knows modernParisian art of today would be surprised how the "Seigneurde Chatnoirville-en-Vexin" saw the talent and recognized theartists fifteen and twenty years ahead of the world and ofcontemporaries. After Salis' death in 1897, the works of artin the"Chat Noir" were partly auctioned off by his heirs,and while the coming-off of the auction was unknown, still116,000 francs were realized. Salis had paid a few yearsbefore, a few glasses of beer for some of the most valuableworks of art in his house. But surely none of the artists en- tertained an unfriendly memory of him, because it was hewho made known the light-living artist folk of the Mont- martre to Paris, to France and to the world. And today,while many of these artists own wonderfully-appointedhouses of their own, they will not deny that Rodolphe Salis,Baron de la Tour de Naiire, laid the foundation to their futuresuccess.The removal of the "Black Cat" to its new home was anevent for Paris. At midnight the emigration of the artistsfrom the Boulevard Rocliechouart started. At first came twoheralds followed by the music band, then Salis himself in thegarb of a Roman dictator. Two men in gorgeous livery fol- lowed him, carrying the standard of the "Black Cat," bearingthe motto: "Montjoye-Montmartre." Four men in greenacademic coats embroidered with palm leaves, carried sol- emnly Willette's big picture "Parce Domine," while in aseemingly endless row of carriages the other works of artwere transferred to the new home. Then came hundreds ofartists with burning torches in their hands, and music again,and people, hoards of people.Salis' wonderful success had to have imitators. ArtistideBruant, the greatest poetic talent of the "Butte" and one ofthe founders of the "Black Cat," separated from his masterafter Salis left the Montmartre and started a cabaret of hisown; he called it "Le Mirliton," and conducting a weekly ofthe same name, created fame of his own. Hundreds of othercabarets came and went in the course of years. But only afew of them are noteworthy to future generations: "Le ChienNoir," "La Puree" and "Aux-4'-z-Arts." As well as Saliswith his "Chat Noir" so went the proprietors of these caba- rets with their artists and their papers for short trips throughthe country, and very soon nearly every city in France hadits own cabaret. Then they went out to the neighboringforeign countries. They went at first to French-speakingcountries, as Belgium, Tunis, Algeria and Switzerland. Afew of them toured very successfully Germany and Austria and left there the first seed, from which in the last decadeof the nineteenth century sprang a crop of cabarets. Mostof them were short-lived. Ihe French had always featuiedrather the artistic element than anything else. Ihe Germancabaret degenerated very soon after its institution into com- mercial propositions linked closely with the demi-monde, be- coming an important factor of the not-healthy and not-de- sired night lifeWhat was the charm that brought tout Paris to the cabaret?-—this peculiar, indefinable charm r Wouldn't you think thatthe public would rather hesitate to frequent places whereevery man at his entering was greeted as '"muffle" (clown),and every lady as "binette" (funny mug) and gueule (gos- sip), as it happened every night in Bruant's Mirliton? Ofcourse, Salis welcomed his guests with: "my prince, but hiswas the same contempt for the Philistines as in the rough- ness of Bruant, who would interrupt his song, turning to theman who had whispered to his neighbor, "Shut up, youbeast, if I am singing." And still, the most exclusive societyof Paris was anxious to gain a ticket of admission to thegala evenings of Salis in the"Chat Noir," and on such even- ings the same carriages witli liveried footmen could be seenin front of the "Black Cat" as on the gala evenings beforethe grand opera.The new, the one thing that seemed to magnetize the pub- lic was: here they could meet face to face the artists whoseworks could be found on stages, in concerts, in art exhibitsand in bookstores—real living poets, painters, musicians andsculptors.—Not just one, like at some evening affair, but awhole bunch of them, all moving around freely in their ownhome, in their real own element. Such attraction could notbe found in any salon of Paris.Montmartre gave them an offering which could not befound anywhere else in the whole world. Just as they camefrom the street, these artists mounted the stage, declaimedor sang their poems and said just what they pleased to say.Nothing was sacred to them—not even the three-times-holypublic before whom every halfway-sensible show manager,actor, singer or artist bows reverently.Paris seemed to breathe a different air at the Montmartre.And they never had dreamt that there was so much origin- ality, so much unexpected and so many wonderfully enjoy- able intramuras of Paris. The Bruno Players "THE presentation of "Miss Julia," the first performance ofthe Bruno Players, on last Monday, in Charles Edison'sLittle Thimble Theatre at 10 Fifth Avenue, was a success.August Strindberg wanted a small stage for his play. Hewanted a small audience. He did not want actors on thestage, but real people. And he wanted for listeners just thatnumber of men and women that could possibly be addressedby an individual without losing the intimacy of a face to facetalk. The Play "Miss Julia" is a tragedy. It is a tragedy which is not soaccentuated as that it could not play a painful part in our ownlife.There are a man and a woman, stripped of all the garbwhich tradition and convention have created during nineteencenturies. All bars erected by social standing and differentbirths—in short every barrier that is man-made—are set asideon this one Midsummer Eve, in this one night.Mid-summer Eve, the people's festival according to the oldScandinavian sagas; all distinctions properly guided by humanstandards and by laws that seem almost supernatural havebeen thrown away. Man and woman meet on a new basis.They are just man and just woman, such as were their sav- age ancestors. They have stepped for once, far out of theirown personalities.They are viewing their own lives—objectively. They helpone another to wash their soiled linen while the audiencesits there and looks on and listens. There is no time eitherto feel sympathetic or to become antagonized. Life's evolu- tion is too logical and too constricted in its sequence to per- mit meditation upon plot and upon the people impersonatingmen and women on the stage. There was life upon thatstage, real, merciless life with all its elements, with all itsoppressing seriousness and its relieving comedy.Strindberg knows no plots. But life does not know themeither. Strindberg knows life. He tells it just as it happens.The characters of his play create troubles and tragedies forthemselves exactly as we do in our own lives. They are sub- jected to the same influences of their fellow men and womenthat we are in our own lives. There are only three charac- ters on the stage, but in reality there are a good many more.We can almost see the honest good Count, whom the daugh- ter would not dishonor, not even if she must give her life tosave him from that certain knowledge. We see her mother,the hysteric upstart, making a mess of her life, and we feelthe hand of God throughout the entire play. ,4Evil revengesitself on earth. The powers of nature equalize themselvesto an equilibrium which makes living possible for us." Thisis the motive of Strindberg in all of his plays, and supremelyin "Miss Julia."And these people on the stage that upset their entire livesin the course of fifteen minutes, take the consequences justas we do in real life.If you read newspapers, you know that one commits sui- cide because he has done something in the course of a fewshort hours which erases all the years he had lived on earthup until then; another one goes to jail, and still another onelives out his life after others have cleared his path by whatthey thought they had to do.Miss Julia could not live on. Remember similar casesyou have read in newspapers, or that you know have hap- pened in families with which you are acquainted.. Think ofthose women that you know have committed suicide . . .! Do you not think it is real life—what Strindberg enrollsbefore us in his one-act play?'"Ugly?" As the esteemed critic of a daily paper says.Of course it is ugly. But do you think it is nicer to cover itup with pink silk? Do you think that a putrid corpse willsmell better if we give it a pompous burial and cover it witha blanket of lilies of the valley and strew it with tuberoses?Strindberg knew that the odor of a corpse is very strong.But he also knew that it would not do to sprinkle it withMary Garden perfume. The perfume will evaporate, and theodor will be the stronger and the much more unbearable. Hestripped it of its funeral regalia, he put it up on public exhi- bition, and very soon even those less sensitive will keep faraway. There is no better object lesson than anatomical de- struction.The corpse will decay, returning to its natural chemicalsubstances. Mother Earth will absorb whatever there isessential for growth and reproduction. A new life will sproutindue time, where once there was the poor distintegratedcorpse. The Players The three members of the assembly which were the valet"Jean" and "Miss Julia," the young countess, and "Christine,"the count's cook, were just these three persons. What doesit matter if you know that Mr. Langdon Gillet was sometime ago a "Romeo," or this one or that one in some otherplays? What does it matter that Miss Laura Arnold has hada successful stage career, and that Miss Alive Baker playedcharacter parts for a few years as a recognized celebrity upon other stages?There they were on a little platform (nine by eighteen)without scenic or light effects, without all that stage ma- chinery that seems so essential upon our stages to-day forthe success of a play. They had dared to undertake it, andnow, they too believe that good acting is all that is requiredto arouse the imagination of the audience, to keep it spell- bound, to whip it into horrors, to make it laugh without beingfunny, and to dismiss it in deep thoughts, meditating uponthe play, upon life in general, and upon their own lives inparticular. And where is there life without tragedy? Whois the man or the woman who could not point out to you insome place or another a corpse laid out covered with "purpleand; white flowers, sprinkled with heavily scented perfumes?The Bruno Players do not count their success by compar- ing t cket stubs and the cash in the box office, but by readingthe faces of their audiences. London Letter London Office of BRUNO'S WEEKLY,18 St. Charles Square, New KensingtonFebruary I Oth, 1916.J WILL begin with the worst thing that has happened tous since last I wrote and then look for the best. The closing of the museums, and particularly of the British Mu- seum has aroused much criticism. It is done, so we are told, «in the name of economy, but the saving effected is so triflingthat the loss of dignity and art morale seems to make ithardly worth while.Io those among us who have made the British Museum acentre of study and research in common the loss is quite per- sonal. It is true that the Library is to remain open, but thebeautiful Greek galleries are to be closed. We shall not seethe Demeter of Knidos again until after the war, nor theMourning Woman, nor the great figures from the SacredWay. Will these relics of divine Greece think that a newDark Ages has come upon the world now that no poets orartists ever come to pay them homage? I should well liketo be the first visitor to look upon them again in that daywhen peace throws open once more the doors of their prison.It seems to me that in such a moment one might well ex- perience something of the thrill which Schliemann knewwhen he discovered the tomb of the Atridae at Mykenae.1 erhaps that may seem to you an exaggeration, but to thestudent at the British Museum these magnificent galleries ofGreek and Egyptian statuary, vases and gems make up agreat deal m one's life, and to go for a turn with a friendround the galleries after a couple of hours or so study in thelibrary was a pleasure we shall greatly miss.A museum which to the visiting stranger seems the mostconfusing and least hospitable place in the world becomescuriously intimate to the man who goes there every day. Ina sense, as a friend remarked to me the other day, the BritishMuseum nas for tne students who use it regularly something0 tne character of a University. We shall all of us miss agreat deal of that. The only consolation is that the. Libraryremains open.I don't know whether you are tired of Shaw, or whether youcherish any illusions any more about any of our literary fig- ures. I m afraid not many of us do over here. The war hasnnally exposed most of the men about whom there was anyhope or doubt. Wells, Bennett, Chesterton, Belloc andrnhers have proved themselves the most garrulous kind ofjournalists, and Shaw has contributed nothing much to add* t rePu&lt;:atlon- The best thing one can say about him isthat he has kept more silent than the others who for themost part have been posing as military critics or economistswith little other qualifications than a desire to keep theirevenings up to pre-war standards. Belloc, who has inspireda young poet to write a book about him, has earned, so theysay iabulous sums as a military expert. Nearly all his pre- dictions have been falsified, but he still goes on at it.I ut to revert to Shaw, with whom I began this paragraph,1 read a rather fresh explanation of his psychology the other• r!nui^ nd-'" a clever little literary weekly publishedin .Dublin. The writer, Ernest Kempster, finds in Bernardbhaw the typical Irish protestant whose loyalty to England is taken for granted by the average Englishman but is by nomeans understood. According to the writer of the articlethis loyalty arises mainly from self-interest and not fromany racial sympathy, and has this curious result that while theUlsterman or Irish loyalist may detest the Irish Nationalisthe is attached to him by a greater racial sympathy than heis to the English. "Sometimes," says the writer, "this feel- ing comes out in the form of violent Irish patriotism whenin England on the part of men whose contempt for Irelandwhen at home never lacks an excuse for its expression. Atother times more discretion is shown; the outwardly staunchLoyalist, admitting, in private that whenever he goes to Eng- land be feels himself a foreigner."From this we can see how Shaw was able to acquire hisattitude of detached observer in England, disavowing con- nection with Ireland, yet admitting no particular love ofEngland. Greeley Pays Poe for Contributionsto Tribune with Promissory Note. "Edgar Allan Poe." August Strindberg, by Gulbransson. MOT always did the "Tribune" pay its contributors uponacceptance of their stories, nor the week after publica- tion as it is customary to-day. Horace Greeley, the founderand famous editor, paid for poetry he purchased from EdgarAllan Poe for use in his a promissory note whichwas drawn on October 24, 1845.Ne-zv York, October 24, 1845.Sixty days after date I promise to pay Edgar A. Poe, or his order,fifty dollars for value received.$50.00 due Dec. 26///.Horace Greeley,62 Nassau Street,, Corner Spruce.Frances Walker, a Spokane musician, was the proprietorof this valuable document in which the best known editorof the middle of the last century paid the best known poetfor his contributions, before it became the possession of Mr.Patrick F. Madigan, and one of the most valuable pieces inhis collection of Poe autographs. It was given to Mr. Walkertwenty-five years ago by Mrs. John F. Cleveland, a sister ofHorace Greeley, and widow of John F. Cleveland, who wasfor many years treasurer of the New York Tribune Company. The Poet's Income Another letter of Poe, dated New York, January 18, 1849,and also in the possession of Mr. Madigan, permits us a viewbehind the scenes of a literary work shop of the early fifties.It is addressed to John R. Thompson, the editor of the"Southern Literary Messenger," one of the most powerfulliterary magazines of the time. Poe offers his services as a critic at the rate of two dollars the page, providing Mr.Thompson obliges himself to take not less than five pageseach month. The irony of fate was never better exemplifiedthan in this very circumstance connected with the life ofEdgar Allan Poe. The manuscript which he was offering attwo dollars a page is now worth two hundred and fifty. Thevery letter in which he offers to sell it at that sum was pur- chased a short time ago for five hundred dollars."New York, Jan. 13, '49."My dear Sir:"Accept my thanks for the two Messengers containing MissTalley's 'Genius.' I am glad to see that Griswold, althoughimperfectly, has done her justice in his late 'Female Poets ofAmerica.'"Enclosed I send you the opening chapter of an articlecalled 'Marginalia,' published, about three years ago, in 'The Democratic Review.' I send it that, by glacing it over,especially the preparatory remarks, you may perceive thegeneral design, which I think well adapted to the purposesof such a Magazine as yours, affording great scope for varietyor critical or other comment. I may add that 'Marginalia,'continued for five or six chapters, proved as popular asany papers written by me. My object in writing you nowis to propose that I continue the papers in the "MESSEN- GER," running them through the year, at the rate of 5pages each month, commencing with the March number.You might afford me, as before, I presume, $2 per page."One great advantage will be that, at a hint from your- self, I can touch, briefly, any topic you might suggest; andthere are many points affecting the interest of Southernletters, especially in respect to Northern neglect or mis- representation of them, which stand sorely, in need of touch- ing. If you think well of my proposal, I will send you thetwo first numbers (10 pp.) immediately on receipt of a letterfrom you. You can pay me at your convenience, as thepapers are published or otherwise."Please re-enclose me the printed papers, when you havedone with them."Very truly yours, "Jno. R. Thompson, Esq."P. S.—l am about to bestir myself in the world of lettersrather more busily than I have done for three or four yearspast, and a connection which I have established with 2 weeklypapers may enable me, now &amp; then, to serve you in respectto 'The Messenger.' From Catulus lyiAR LOVE, if it were mineTo kiss for evermoreV/ith kisses million foldThose honeyed eyes of thine;J would not have my fill;Although the harvest storeOf kisses were untoldAs the dry cornstalks, stillI would not have my fill.XCVICALFUS, if aught expressive of our woeFind place or welcome in the voiceless tomb,When we recall the loves of long ago,And weep lost friendships of a bygone day;Joy for thy love must surely then outweighQuintilla's sorrow for her early doom. Nicotean Ethics L. C. life is bitter with thy love—thy throatIs girt about with golden, strange Egyptian words:Thy white robe binds thee fiercely, and I doatUpon thy russet eyes, more mild than eyes of birds.But still they worship not, and as in scornDesert thee for thy sister's nuder, nut-brown grace:Once and again the Idler thro' the CornTurns to regard thine ivory wasted face.Thy sister queens it with a royal zonelhat shames the rigour of thy modest gold tattoo;Her brown form seems begotten out of Stone,Recalling Tean Peyral's liaison with Fatou. Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner. Fashion is because fools are.How hardly shall the woman with a sculpturesque armdefy the opportunity that dares her to expose it to the admir- ing gaze of the eager eye of any "man sort of thing."Whatever else we lack, we've never a lack of fools, alack!Now you can't generally just about most always, quite fre- quently, every once in a while, sometimes exactly tell whatthere really is, deep hidden, behind the mask of a woman'sface, tho the devil seems to guess right more often thansome better folks. A Man-trap Will. Visscher. is a man and "gin" a trap,In Latin, as translated;Combine the two and thus you snap"A man-trap"—so 'tis stated.But glad a man has ever beenIn such a trap to wriggle,And seeing this, it is no sin,For girls to giggle, giggle. Woman After the French of Catulle Mendes, by Guido Bruno. jyjESANGE said:"Will you bet with me dear, that you are thinking ofme just now?""Really, I didn't. My thoughts were far, far away.""Yes, you did""Really I did not.""Well then, what were you thinking of, if I might ask?"I was thinking of a little rose budding in a bush of thorns.""Now,—you see, I won my bet. You surely cannot denythat I with my childish mouth and with my roguishness lookexactly like a blooming wild rose bush?"I smiled and I acknowledged my defeat."Do you want to bet again, sweetheart, that you are think- ing of me, right now, at this moment?"*'Oh really, I am not. I assure you I am not thinking ofvou.""Yes you are!""Surely not!""What are you thinking of, if I might ask?""I thought of a lark singing among crumpled reeds andheaths, and circling high up to the blue clouds.""Now you see that I have won again, because you surelywon't have the audacity to say that my voice is not so muchalike to the singing of a bird as not to be easily mistaken onefor the other?"There was nothing else for me but to bow and to ac- knowledge again her victory.Some time elapsed in silence and Mesange said: "Wouldyou wish to bet with me again, dearest, that you are think- ing of me right now. Let us bet once more for the lasttime.""I am sorry to acknowledge that I am not thinking of youin the least.""Oh yes, you are!""Really, I am not.""May I ask what you are thinking of?"-tI am thinking of the very true swallow who loves withthe same love in the same nest always and forever."Mesange burst out in a merrv laugh and said: 4 Surely thislast time I have lost the bet." In Our Village Inhere was a good deal of talk in the newspapers andmagazines of last month, again and again, about this"Bohemianism," and the "Bohemians" in our Village. Whois it you call a *'bohemian"? The public in general seems tothink that this term applies to every man who wears longhair, a flying black necktie, indulges heavily in the absorp- tion of alcoholic liquids, smokes cigarettes, has rather laxviews about the relations between men and women, and then,in his leisure hours, he perhaps paints or writes poetry. Orthey think of women with short hair that wear some of thoseRoman striped silk garments that Martine &amp; Martine manu- facture in Switzerland and Wanamaker sells in his basement;that smoke cigarettes, believe nolens volens in free love, talkvery cleverly about things usually out of the scope of awoman's conversation, and then—they, too—paint or writesome poetry. I wonder if any one knows where the word ''Bohemian"originated? And why it is almost always closely linked withthe Latin Quartiers of Paris (not only in the famous novelof Henri Murger)? If fire had not destroyed my Garret Icould now refer to my files about the origin of the word"bohemian," and could give you not only the facts, but thenames and dates correctly. If I had time, I could take a tripto the Public Library and find it there. But I have neitherof them, and so I leave it to you, if you are sufficiently inter- ested, to look it up.The first University of the world was founded in 1346 inParis, and now I miss the name of that Bohemian King whoplayed an important part at the Court of Paris at that time asheir apparent. This University in Paris was everything but aneducational institution of the conception of our own days.Troubadours, scientists, "wayfaring students," as they werecalled, had found here a thriving abode, where royal grantsfor them provided generously for their daily needs and an as- sembly of fellow-seekers after the Truth and the ideal permit- ted them an exchange of ideas and of values which was uni- versal. Their language was the classic, and less classic Latin.The part of the city which they chose for their habitation wassoon called by the other population of Paris, the Latin Quar- ters. The great amount of Bohemians which the BohemianPrince through his generosity invited to make pilgrimage tothis new Dorado of everybody "learned," had settled againas a little community inside of the Latin Quartiers. Theyall were men of the world. They all had traveled from thefarthest South to the extremest North of Europe. Theirhabits of living were marked by their Slavonic temperament,their hot blood and their melancholy and sentimentality,which did not permit an early parting whenever they hadgathered for learned discussions . . . and they were notbelievers of temperance restrictions of any kind.To lead "the bohemian life in the Latin Quartiers" soonbecame an expression all over Europe, just as much misun- derstood and misapplied in the days of yore as it is to-day.It is not what we do, but what we are. A "bohemian" isbut does not act, in order to qualify as such.But there are things that we cannot explain in words.Personally, I despise the expression, "bohemian," and Iknow that everybody else will also, who feels "bohemia"or "Greenwich Village," or some "other republic in the air."Mrs. Pendington and Mrs. Kunze, the proprietors of theCandlestock tea-room,—that fantastic little lunch room whereone can eat a well-prepared meal in clean and pleasant sur- roundings without the annoyance of shrieks, laughter, loudtalking and noises that seem to be the necessary accessoriesof every other similar place in our Village, perhaps in orderto create "bohemian atmosphere,"—have arranged for danc- ing for the patrons of their tea room every Tuesday, Thurs- day and Saturday nights from eight until eleven. Mrs. Pen- dington and Mrs. Kunze act as patronesses in the palatial localities situated above their shop. The house was a man- sion some years ago of a family who knew how to build inorder to please their eyes as well as to make themselves feelcomfortable. Good music provides the incentive for every- body that has some rhythm in his organism and loves to ex- press it. These parties are strictly en famille, and not a com- mercial undertaking.Mr. Charles Keeler, the Californian poet, who has madeGreenwich Village his temporary home while in New York,will recite selections from his own poems at the exhibit of''Historical Costumed Dolls," arranged by the Kings' CountyHistorical Society on Tuesday evening. Mr. Keeler, whosenew book "VICTORY", will be published in the course oftwo or three weeks by Laurence Gomme, in his Little Book- shop around the corner, is writing at present a New Yorkplay.Hippolite Havel, who published seven numbers of hisunique magazine "THE REVOLT," the publication whichwas denied the mailing privelege in the United States, con- templates publishing a monthly magazine devoted to thesame interests as was"THE REVOLT." He has openedan office on old historical Grove Street, where Tom Painelived the last years of his life and where he died. Books and Magazines of the Week G. B. KEELER was sitting there in my garret, andhe told me about his wanderings in Japan. About thelittle inns in cities whose names are not placed on the mapsprinted in our country, and where the white foreign man isa mythical personage. He told me about the big citieswhere Europe's and America's influence made a half-breedof the royal nation of the East. He told me about the Jap- anese woman reporter who had had her education in anAmerican university, and her training on a San Franciscopaper, and who called on him in Tokyo, and who led himto the widow and to the children of our Lafcadio Hearn."It was seven years to the hour since Lafcadio's death thatI entered the Japanese garden planted on a hill on whose topstood the little Japanese home where he had found rest andpeace and love until his dying hour. Miss Okuma struck thegong before the entrance to the house, and, after a short con- versation with a maid that had answered the call, a young,tall man appeared, a Japanese of the finest type, with won- derful dark, dreamy eyes, eyes that arrested involuntarilyeverybody's attention. On his knees and hands, in Japanesefashion, he welcomed us, invited us to be his mother's guests.. . . It was the oldest son of Hearn who extended to usthe hospitality of his roof. We took off our shoes and en- tered. Mats were on the floors, in a niche the bronze statueof a goddess . . the interior of a Japanese home. A littlemaid brought pillows, a little taburet with the tea thingsand Mrs. Hearn, in a blue kimono with white flowers, ex- tended to us the welcome of her husband's home. In his substitution she was our hostess. Mrs. Hearn is a lady ofabout fifty years of age. Her features are gentle and refined.Around her eyes are the fine wrinkles which tell us of painand of sorrow, and around her mouth that sublime expres- sion of resignation, the surest link between the happy, pastand the present that has to be lived, even if the most essen- tial things of life seem to have gone—gone yonder wherethere is no coming back."We sipped our tea and we exchanged pleasantries, as theJapanese etiquette requires. And in tripped the three otherchildren, the sacred legacy of Lafcadio Hearn to his Japanesewife. A girl of about twelve years and two smaller chil- dren. They all smiled pleasantly after they had learned thatthe visitor came from far away back, from where the fatherhad come.'"She invited us to view the library, the room where Laf- cadio Hearn had worked and had died. It, too, was a simpleJapanese room, but bookcases lined the walls and a littledesk where Hearn used to sit and to write was in the samecondition as on the day the master left it forever. Therewas the bottle with ink—American ink, Stafford's blue ink,several penholders. Some wonderful sheets of Japanesepaper, white and soft, which he had used exclusively for hiswork, lay on the much used blotting paper. The windowwas wide open and the branches of a little cherry treereached through the frame into the room. Mrs. Hearn hadfollowed my eyes and remarked that seven years ago, onthe morning of Hearn's death, this tree ?iacl bloomed forthe second time in the season—something that had neverhappened before in her little garden. She said this withoutany commentary—a simple statement, but it was so im- pressive. And then she led me to one corner of the roomand pointed to the only addition she has made to the fur- nishings since Hearn's departure from earthly life. It wasa shrine with his likeness, with a receptacle for incense be- fore it. Every evening she said if the stars appear on thenightly sky, and before the children retire they come intothis room before the shrine, burn incense before the like- ness of the father, and talk to him. They tell him all theyhave done during the day, and they relate to him all thosestories of love and of affection the mother had told them.So if their voice finds its way to his spirit he might knowthat he lives among them, that he is the head of his family,even if he cannot return the affection and they cannot listento his voice."The son is being educated in a nearby English school inaddition to the Japanese training he receives from hismother. He told me he wishes to be a teller of tales andof stories like his father used to be, and that the ambitionof his life is to become a writer. He is very shy and doesnot talk English. It seems he is afraid of the sound of thislanguage, which is not spoken in Hearn's home. Mrs. Hearnnever spoke English, and Hearn only very little Japanese,but they had a language of their own, she said, and they un- clerstood each the other perfectly. I asked young Hearn ifhe ever tried to write a story and he said that he has a bookwith many stories, and that he tells fairy tales to hisyounger sisters every evening. I asked him if he wouldn twrite for mc a little tale in English so I could show it afterniy return to the cuntrynien of his deceased father. He dis- appeared in another room and came back in a very short time with this story." Uguisu (A Japanese Nightingale). By the Son of Lafcadio Hearn K. Koizumi. (Among the dozen of best stories, designated as such by EdwardO'Brien, the short story anthologist of the Boston "Transcript,'iwas one written by the nineieen-year-old son of Lafcadio Hearn,who is living in the Japanese home of his mot/iei, being broughtup as a Japanese, and whose one wish is to able sometime tocome over to the country of his father, to America, and to becomehere a literary man. The story was published in one of last year'sissues of "Greenwich Village," and Charles Keeler is in posses- sioji of the original manuscript.)| GUESS it was when I was six or seven years old. It wasspring.One morning I got up early, and put on my tiny zori(straw shoes) and from the little back door I took a narrowpathway to a plain.The pale purple mist spread out silently, i stood still.Before me the mountain's foot was shaded and upward fromthe middle part faded from sight. "Its like the picture ofthe kakemono (hanging picture) which is in my house," Ithought childishly in my little heart, and looked at it. Theyoung grass all around was soft and looked very green, andwet with dew.Swiftly and silently passed through the mist a little birdcome down to a quite near clump of grass. I walked stepby step about the clump, but there was no bird. 1 felt un- happy and dreary, and I began to want to go home.When I went quietly on the way to my house stepping onthe soft young grass which I felt it a pity to tread on, fromsomewhere came "Hohokekyo!"I turned around to find the whereabouts of the bird. Iwas in a maze, but just then the mist cleared. So, yonderappeared one dressed in uguisu (nightingale color, "greencolor") cloth, with white leggings and white tabi shortsocks) straw sandals on her feet and Sugegasa (hat made ofreeds) on her head, embracing a Gehkin ("moon harp" alittle round harp). It was a young singing girl who camestepping alone in the silence. I KEEP ON MY WALLS a permanent exhibition of autographs, man*uscripts and historical documents, and have at present an especiallyInteresting: collection of letters and original manuscripts by Abra-ham Lincoln, George Washington, Robert Louis Stevenson, Oscar Wild*and Edgar Allan Foe. These are the original scripts of stories, poemsand documents which have made these men famous* If interested, dropme a line, or better, come and see my exhibition.PATRICK FRANCIS MADIGAN561 Fifth Ave. (entrance 46th St.), New YorkAt the Sign of the Red LampFifty-Three West Third Street, New YorkYou will find this old and picturesque Chop House,TWO DOORS EAST OF WEST BROADWAYWe make a specialty of Sea Food, Steak and ChopsSAMUEL S. BROAD, Proprietor Telephone: Spring SMSOpen Evenings until NineRARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association BooksjBooks for Christmas GiftsPurchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor oppor*tunity to select for themselves, or for those who have not access to thobest book marts. Why not begin collecting now?Address, E. V., Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass.LIBRAIRIE FRANCAISE DEUTSCHE BUECHERLibrairie Francaise111 Fourth AvenueAlways on hand a large, line selection of bestFrench, English, German and Spanish romances*Best English literature and foreign classics a spec-ialty. All kinds of literature bought and exchanged.Art magazines wanted.WRITE US WHAT YOU ARE INTERESTED IN. .CIRCULATING LIBRARY ENGLISH BOOKS LThere can be no pleasanter place to hearthat remarkable Edison Record4Number (82536) thanThe Diamond Disc Shopat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmos-phere of Old Greenwich Village has not beensacrificed on the altar of commercialismA postal will bring yon, with onrcompliment*, an interesting littlePhone: Stuyvesant 4570 biography of Mr. Thos. A. EdisonCharles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, SituatedAt No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village, N. Y. C.Guido Bruno, ManagerThis Week's PerformancesMonday, 8:45 p. nu Bruno PlayersTuesday, 8:45 p. m« Bruno PlayersWednesday, 8:45 p. nu Bruno PlayersThursday, 8:45 p. nu MusicaleFriday, 8:45 p. m« MusicaleSaturday, 8:00 p. nu Bruno PlayersSaturday, 8:15 p. nu MusicaleAsk or write for ticket of admission to theMusicales. They are free.For Houses, Apartments or Rooms, SeePEPE &amp; BRO.REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE40 So. Washington SquareTelephone 4119 Spring Cor. of MacDougal Street