Bruno's Weekly 3 23 November 22nd, MCMXVI naaq_1916-11-22_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno 3 23 Untitled Image Illustration 1 The Contents Include: 1 The greai error of politicians is old fancy of Solon, who Leigh Hunt cre 2 Kingdoms of Poland and Bohemia Guido Bruno cre 2-3 Hunger Pages from a Diary of Hans Friedrich, a German journalist and author of several books 3-4 Eternity c cre 4 IT is night. The wind howls and rattles at my door. The Guido Bruno cre 4 A Fable of Colleges Ellis O. Jones cre 4 Our Village as Seen by Cesare: 1 Serious Thinkers in the Brevoort Illustration 5 Frank Harris' "The Bomb" Guido Bruno cre 6-7 There is nothing in the world more delightful than that 7 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 8 BRUNO'S WEEKLY Ten Cents November 22d, 1916 BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno No. 23. NOVEMBER 22d, MCMXVI Vol. 11l Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Bruno's Weekly, Inc., at No. 10 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Editedand written by Guido Bruno. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Actof March 3d 1897. The Contents Include:Frank Harris* "The Bomb"The Kingdoms of Poland and BohemiaThe Diary of a German JournalistOur Village as Seen by Cesare Leigh Hunt. The greai error of politicians is old fancy of Solon, whoinsisted that it was infamous for a citizen to be of no party, andendeavored by a lavo to make the Athenians hypocrites. Thisconcept not only destroys every idea of meditation between twoparties; but does not even suppose that both may be wrong. Yetall history may convince us that he who resolutely professeshimself attached to any party is in danger of yielding to everyextreme for the mere reputation of his opinion; he will arguefor the most manifest errors of this or that statesman, becausehe has hitherto agreed with him—an obstinacy as stupid as if apedestrian were to express h s sat sfaction with a tempest atniqlit, because he had enjoyed sunshine in the morning. Kingdoms of Poland and Bohemia Guido Bruno. (/ wrote this article a few weeks after the outbreak of thewar and it was published in the Sunday magazine of the NewYork Press. IVhat came true for Poland will come true forBohemia.)\yiLL there be again an independent kingdom of Poland?Will the ancient bulwark of Occidental Christendomagainst the- barbaric and heathenish Orient arise to new splen- dor under a king of its own choice?Shall the title King of Bohemia, now one of the many appela- tions which the Emperor of Austria s'~ffi"es to his name, haveagain its old meaning: Crowned ruler of the Bohemians? Willche ancient sovereign kingdom of Bohemia cease to be a pro- vince of Cis-Lithanic Austria and regain its national indepen- dence and its freedom?The Bohemian and Polish regiments fighting in the trenchesof the Austrian, the German and the Russian armies believe so.The men that are at home directing the administrations of theircountries are confident that a final decision of the present strug- gle will mean a new long-hoped-for political birth of Polandand Bohemia; political exiles of both countries, men who hadnot submitted to the prevailing conditions, but had preferredto live the life of foreigners in a foreign country, are full ofenthusiasm, full of hope that the time has come when they shallreturn to their beloved fatherland, to their ancient homes, tobe the first among the subjects of a newly liberated country,swearing allegiance to their independent ruler.No matter whether the allies are victorious, dictating peaceconditions to Germany and Austria, or whether the Austro-German forces gain the upper hand, Poland and Bohemia willand must be the winners. The knowledge of this fact, im- pressed upon the minds of the Slavic soldiers by the nationalpropaganda leagues, made them good and willing soldiers, pre- vented the so-much-talked-of mutinies in German and RussianPoland anJ made them enthusiastic fighters under the standardof Austria-Germany, as well as of Russia and France.Not little was the astonishment throughout the world duringthose weeks in which the operations took place on the Polishborder between Russia and Germany that Poles in Germanuniforms fought Poles carrying Russian arms, and evidentlywithout much resistance on their part. Mutinies en masse hadbeen prophesied—nothing happened. The Poles kept their oathof allegiance to their respective governments, and submergdtheir personal feelings in the one great idea: To gain politicaland national liberty as a natural consequence of the greatevents in progress, and foretold long ago by their politicalleaders. They Often Have Revolted Very often the Poles and Bohemians have tried to regaintheir national liberty. Revolutions against the governments ofAustria and Germany and Russia were suppressed innumerabletimes. There was not a year in which revolutionary move- ments wer*. not detected and the leaders imprisoned or exiled.But never before was personal ambition and a desire to elevate this or that prsonality to the highest human honors less themotive than at the present time.Of coursc, there are claimants to the crown of Poland. Thename of th&lt; man who is a descendant of the Jagellones, whosename is inscribed in golden letters on the history of Poland,who is related to all the crowned heads of Europe, is in theof all. But national independence and a democraticspirit never known before in the revolutionary movements ofthe country are prevailing among the masses of the population,as well as among the old nobility.Ever since the institution of the electoral kingdom, duringthe entire eighteenth century, up until the death of the lastelected King of Poland and the division and distribution of hiscountry in the year 1830, two chief influences have tried to gainpredominance in political rnd administrative matters in thekingdom. France and Austria have played their diplomaticcards gain as foothold as ever they could in the richand highly cultivated country.It was the father of the present claimpnt to the ofPoland, Ad"m, eleventh Prince Czartoryski, D'ike of Klewan,who, dissatisfied with Austrian diplomacy, emigrated in aboutthe year ISO'I to Russia.After the fall of the kingdom the Polish nobles emigratedpartlv to France and Austria, partly to Russia. All the Pelesaimed at the restoration of their independent kingdom. Thosein Russin, known as placed their faith in promisesgiven them by Russia, while the placed the sameconfidence in the Austrian politics. They dread Russian des- potism, while Austria, not trying to submerge their Polishnational feeling, granted them extensive rights and privileges.But the Polish language was rfficially abolished in the Aus- trian provinces that had been incorporated into the GermanEmpire. The aim of the German Government was to kill inthe children a national spirit that might lead a new generationto rise up against the German oppressor. Austria, with itsmany other Slavic nations, left them their language, and, attimes, to a certain extent, their national liberty. A prince royalwas sent to Cracow, being educated as a Pole among Poles,and his eventual election in case the Polish empire could beresurrected was an open secret.B?it aoovc all, Russians and Germans proved themselves en- tirely intolerant in religious matters. The Poles have defendedChristianity against Oriental invasions since time immemorial.Polish missonaries Christianized Prussia, and so Prussia wasdrawn naturally to Catholic Austria and its Emperor, whoproudly calls himself "Apostolic Majesty and Defender of theFaith." Had Faith in Austria That national independence could and would be establishedby Austria was the belief of all, as is shown clearly by thefriendly relations of the Polish Legion and the Austrian Gov- ernment. 1 his Polish Legion was a national body organizedby all classes of the Polish population to defend their nationalspirit and religious freedom against Russia, but which was justas willing tc turn against Germany. The promises of Ger- many, especially during the present war, did not make anyimpression upon the minds of Polish patriots. They had notforgotten what Bismarck had said on the occasion of discussingthe restoration of Poland with the Russian Czar: "A freePoland would be a strong French army at the Weichsel." Therise of Germany, as a world-power dates back to the last dayof Poland's independence. The loss of the Polish provinces atthe present time would be more disastrous to Germany's posi- tion on the European continent than the loss of Alsace-Lor- raine.Great were the hopes of Polish patriots during the firststruggles in the Balkans a few months ago, as Austrian troopsoccupied Belgrade and were victorious all along the lines.Austria seems to have come to a standstill in the war. Thedeath of the aged Emperor, which may occur any day, willturn his monarchy into a boiling pot of dissatisfied nations, and a war of rebellion, suppressed artificially for almost sixty years,might necessitate a quick peace treaty with the belligerent na- tions.The Poles are aware of all this, and the 25,000,000 inhab- itants of the ancient Polish kingdom feel that Russia, Germanyand England will have to grant them national independence inorder to establish a buffer state.They will hail enthusiastically Adam Louis, the twelfthPrince Czartoriski, as their king. His family relations willgrant them the good will of all the other empires of Europe.His mother was a princess of Bourbon Orleans; he is a closerelative of the King of Spain, and he is related by marriage tothe reigning house of the chief monarchies of Europe. He haslarge estates in Russia, in France, in Germany and in Austria.He is a soldier and a true Pole, who wears the picturesquenational costume at the courts of other nations. His home inParis, the Palais Lambert, was for 150 years the Polish politicalcentre.While 2,000,000 Poles are fighting as German, Russianand Austrian soldiers and French volunteers; while theircountry is worse devastated than so-much-pitied Belgium;while all other Poles look eagerly to a happy future intheir re-united, newly-restored "Holy Kingdom," those men whoconstitute the National Committee, those who plotted andworked for national independence, are resigned to the inevitablenew fate of Poland, to be a Slavic Ireland on the continent ofEurope. The Story of Bohemia High up on the mountain upon whose side is situated the"Old City" Prance, with its many castles and palaces belongingto the oldest families of Europe, who have given kings to coun- tries and furnished wives to emperors and monarchs, standsan old building of great length, with Gothic windows and manyoddly shaped letters. From here one can overlook that beautifuland rich country, Bohemia, whose soil is blest with all thenatural resources needed by its population.Only once a year are the shutters before the windows thrownopen and the great, heavy doors unbarred. On the first ofMarch of each year the Bohemian nobles and representativesof the puliation at large that constitute the so-called "RepealParty" assemble in their national costumes to demand solemnlyfrom Emperor Francis Joseph that he submit to his coronationas a of Bohemia, and to protest against the constant vio- lation o* their national constitution, regranted them through animperial edict in the year 1871. Just as solemnly as they enterthe building of the country and tell their constituents and fol- lowers that the spirit of unbroken national independence stillis alive, and to declare anew that the time will come when theywill assemble in the veneralle Cathedral of tocrown their King with the paraphernalia of the holy Vaclav,their King and patron saint. It is this political party whichworked for almost seventy years in the most ardent and un- selfish way for the national independence of the Bohemian peo- ple, which wron one victory after the other, which restoredlanguage and national rights to the greater part of Bohemia,and which sees in the present war the long-hoped-for chanceand means to establish unquestionably and irrevocably the na- tional kingdom.As in Poland, personal claimants for the kingdom stand inthe background. It might be a prince of the House of Haps- burg, chosen to be the successor of Francis Joseph, or the scionof one of Bohemia's noble families; it might be a PrinceLobkowitz 01 a Czermin.Since the death of Louis Jagellon during the battle of Mohacz,1526, the Bohemians have accepted a prince of the House ofHapsburg as king. The Thirty Years' War brought devasta- tion to the country and with it German aristocrats, German in- fluence. German settlers took possession of the land, used thepauperized Bohemians as workers of the soil, and succeededduring a period of 200 years in making them forget their ownnationality.The people whose princes had been the leaders in the mentaluplift of Europe's highest cultivated nations; the people whichhad the Bible in its language long before Luther gave Germanyand befon King James gave England the Scriptures; the racewhich had followed Huss in his endeavors for religious free- dom, believed what their German oppressors told them. Theywere ashamed to be Bohemians; they neglected their own lan- guage, and until the first decades of the nineteenth century itlooked very much as if the Bohemian tongue would die.Unique in the history of nations is the restoration of nationalideals in Bohemia. It was the work of a historian, the honoredPalacky, a statesman and leader of his nation, to bring backto memory the national importance of Bohemia. It was shortlyafter the year 1848 that he proved not only to his own peoplebut to the entire world that Bohemia had a language, a highlycultivated language; that Bohemia had a literature, and a rightto national liberty and independence.In those days it was considered a political crime to confessto Bohemian nationality, to speak Bohemian in public places oron the street, A system of police surveillance was strictly keptup by the imperial Government in Vienna; and to be known asa Bohemian sympathizer meant social and often financial ruin.And even to-day are the electoral laws such that 3,000,000Germans are enabled to elect fifty-three Deputies to Parliament,while 5,000,000 Bohemians can elect only fifty. It was a cleveridea to have the voting population state their language and nottheir nationality. Many thousands of voters who are in theemploy of the Government or of German interests and have touse the German language, in spite of their Bohemian nation- ality, in this way are counted officially as Germans. Uprisings Annual Affairs Revolutions and uprisings occurred every year. The Bo- hemians had clever leaders. They insisted upon the acceptanceof the Bohemian language as a national language, and theysucceeded in the course of sixty years. In the year 1868 Bo- hemia's sovereignty under the Hapsburg rule was officiallydeclared. The sad experiences of Austria during the Prussiancampaigns in 1866 showed clearly that the police ministry hadbeen a failure. The Bohemians had refused for a score of yearsto attend the Diet in Prague, and very seldom sent Deputies tothe Parliament in Vienna. Shortly after the outbreak of theFranco-Prussian war Count Hohenwart, one of the ablestPrime Ministers the Hapsburg Empire ever had, took up newnegotiations with the Bohemians. He followed a policy friendlyto their national endeavors, and September 14 of the same yearsucceeded in inducing the Bohemians to take their seats in theDiet in Pi ague.And great was the joy of the Bohemian nation as a messageof the sovereign was read in which there was promised a spe- cial representative, a Prince of the House of Hapsburg, to ruleBohemia, responsible to the Parliament at Prague; that Bo- hemian would be the national language and the old constitutionregranted.To show his good faith, Emperor Francis Joseph, "in consid- eration of the former constitutional position of Bohemia, andremembering the power and glory which its crown had givento his ancestors and the constant fidelity of the population,gladly recognized the rights of the Kingdom of Bohemia andwas willing to confirm this assurance by taking the coronationoath."Nearly forty-five years elapsed. Francis Joseph never madehis promise good. But the "Repeal Party" reminded him faith- fully every year of his promise. Too much did the populationof Bohemia love their uncrowned King, who spoke the Bohemi- an language fluently and had shown them innumerable proofsof his good-will and his kindness, to rebel -against his person.Bohemia to-day really is Bohemia. A distinctive literaturehas developed, a university has been erected, and high nationalspirit has been created among the population.The days of the old Emperor are numbered. His death willnecessitate the crowning of a new King. The time seems tobe near when Bohemia's national ambitions will be realized. Hunger Pages from a Diary of Hans Friedrich, a German journalistand author of several books December Ist, 1915.YODAY I cheated the dog of my landlady. She had to go outand she asked me to buy meat for him at the butcher's.The brute is overfed. He ate only half of his bologna. I amnot overfed I ate the other half. I felt no remorse. Can nota much smaller animal get along on six pfennig if a humanbeing has to do with twelve? Is this demoralization the steady companion of the needy?I see terrible perspectives: a thief — a murderer. Oh, no,nonsense. It is just the healthy desire to sustain one's self.We are growing very simple. We are returning again to ourmost elemental instincts.December 3rd, 1915.All connections with life seem to be disbanded. One has nomore debts because no one lends anyone money. One has nomore worries and only everyday one great puzzle: one is stillalive!One's soul awakens again after it has slumbered for months.But one's soul is far above everyday life. It paces through thefuture. Perhaps we adhere always to the things nearest to usbecause we were all living comfortably and happily. Now therearises in us the desire to lift ourselves high above everything;to aspire to the highest, almost forgotten for years. Somethinghas been born in us that seems so big. It is without earthlyboundaries: to storm the heavens.I used to read books in order to write reviews of them or totalk about them with others. I have read many. Now I amreading very few because I have to sit still to read, and then Iam freezing. But my relation to books has changed entirely.I ask something from them. In previous years I seem to havebeen here because of them; in order to interpret them, to defendthem or to fight them. Now they seem to be here because ofmyself. And they give. I am ready to receive. "Come all yewho are weary and heavy-laden!" I am again like a boy—sohappy. Again 1 feel hunger for a book. How long since Ihave been hungry for books—because I have had so many toread.Now I do not need to read any .... only my heart forcesme to. Curious times! You too have happiness in store evenfor those wh«? have to remain at home—for us who are superflu- ous—for us who have to wait.* * * *March.This March is different from any other. The trees standdark and wet, but their buds are swelling, the storm hurriesover the naked fields and we are happy that we have all this,that we have it far behind the firing lines.This March is different from any other. It promises richerharvests. Harvests whose seeds are sown in sweat and inblood, in frost and in hunger. And we clench our hands andbecome harder and a little thinner, we clench to fists our handson whose fingers no longer glitter jewels and precious stones.We are determined to wish to retain what fate, a relentlessbut a future-promising fate, decrees to us.We have been satisfied, too satisfied.We have learned how to hunger.We have been comfortable, too comfortable.We have learned how to freeze and how to starve.We want to make a place for ourselves upon this earth.Germany has many who wish to work who have a right towork.Our German soul is hungry .... hungry, to conquersouls.(To be continued.) Eternity c. TTIHI dreams we weave we never lose,The hopes we have will always live;The*e is no death—for we can chooseThe life beyond.The universe records our choice,Its booh of life contains our faith,Though spoken by no human voiceOur cry is heard.The atoms of the world recordOur thoughts, as well as our acts;There is no power of man or godCan blot them out.Our dreams and hopes will never die,The spirit has the right to choose,Out thoughts are held by earth and sky In memory. Guido Bruno. IT is night. The wind howls and rattles at my door. Thelock creaks and the wood squeaks. The wind wants towheeze into my ears: "You have betrayed your friend and youhave cheated his betrothed."And the moon is searching for me with its ghost-like lightand I draw the shade. I know what it wants : "I just sawyour old mother crying on her pillows, crying away her sorrowsand her griefs."And I closed the shutters; soon the sun will come with itsclear impertinent rays: "You have stolen from your fatherhope and honor and he died, and I saw him cursing you on hisdeathbed."There is the whiskey bottle at a little table next to my bedlaughing at me, temptingly, invitingly, "Come, drink, drinkoblivion," and I give it a kick and smash it into a thousandpieces. I don't want to forget.And the looking-glass seems to look at me pityingly: "Ialways showed you the truth, but you didn't want to see." Iturn it to the wall. I don't want pity.Hard over there, on the bureau, the gun gleams at me:"Come, I do understand you, I do love you, I do pity you andI will redeem you."Tears streamed down my cheeks and I did not shoot myself. January 2.4, 1908, 3 a. m. A Fable of Colleges Ellis O. Jones. (")NCE upon a time in the land of the Awlrites, there lived aVery Respectable Couple who had a Son and a Daughter.As this Couple had descended from a long line of ancestors whohad always been Very Respectable, it was natural for them towish their children to be the same way.Accordingly when the Son, who was the older of the two,grew up, the} looked carefully over the field of colleges, pickedout the snobbiest one they could find and entered him. Theresult met their most optimistic expectations. At the end ofeach term, the Son came home more and more Respectable,more and more Snobbish and more and more contemptuous ofeverybody who wasn't in his set or whose ancestors had notdwelt in"the land of the Awlrites the same length of time ashis own.The Very Respectable Couple were delighted and so, whenthe time came? to consider the education of Daughter in orderthat she too might become Very Respectable, they spoke to eachother after the following fashion: If a college education hashad such a satisfactory effect upon our Son, why wouldn't it beequall) advantageous for our Daughter?" that itwould, they immediately set to work to find the snobbiest col- lege for girls that the country afforded.In this case, however, their expectations were totally upset.Their Daughter arrived home after each term more and moreunlike what they desired her to be. Whereas they had wantedher to be modest, retiring, home-loving clinging vine, possessedof a smattering of many accomplishments of which she madeno use, they were horror-stricken to see that she was developinga marked individuality, a strong independence of thought andaction and a desire rather to go out into the world and makeher own living than to sit patiently in the chimney cornerwaiting for a husband.The Very Respectable Couple spent many unhappy hourswondering what to do about the matter and at length as a lastresort, they journeyed out to a certain Middle Class Suburbwhere there was a Soothsayer who was said to have ideas."Why is it," they asked, "that a college Education should havesuch a satisfactory effect upon our Son and exactly the oppositeeffect upon our Daughter?"The Soothsayer, after pondering an appropriate length oftime, delivered his verdict in this wise: "Colleges for men arethe established conventional thing. Consequently they turn outa conventional product. Colleges for women, on the other hand,are the relatively new and unconventional thing which ofcourse makes their product unconventional. You should haveselected a Finishing School for your Daughter. FinishingSchools are nothing if not Very Respectable.""Why certainly," agreed the Very Respectable Couple. "Howstupid of us not to have thought of that. We must go and pickout a good Finishing School at once.""Alas, it is too late," declared the Soothsayer. "A girl whohas been Educated can never be Finished." Our Village as Seen by Cesare: 1 Serious Thinkers in the Brevoort Frank Harris' "The Bomb" Guido Bruno. /~)NE of those mysterious coincidences that happen in almosteverybody's life played into my hands on the very sameday Alexander Berkman's weekly, "The Blast," and"TheBomb," a book by Frank Harris published 1914 by MitchellKennerly The Blast, edited by Emma Goldman's lieutenant inSan Francisco contained in this issue the pictures of the "mar- tyrs" of the Chicago Haymarket tragedy and a few words ofreminiscences written by some contemporaries of the executedmen.The Haymarket incident is the one big memory in the careerof Chicago's older police officers. Often have I sat in theoffices of Hermann Schuettler, assistant chief of the ChicagoPolice, and have listened to his versions of labor's vigorousprotest against police supervision; the hatred of the policemanhad long ago vanished from the big heart of the man. Mem- ories from the battlefield contain always some recollection ofthe foe's bravery.The "anarchists" under the leadership of Emma Goldmancelebrate ostentatiously each year the 11th day of November,eulogizing those victims of a great Ideal; Emma Goldman andher adherents feel instinctively the sacredness of a martyredsaint; she who denounces state and religion, tradition and timehonored ceremonies plays gladly on this day high priestess atthe sanctuary of innocent men who had to give their lives be- fore better times dawned for the workingman in Chicago andeverywhere else in our Union.But there are others than spectacular banner-bearers of theself-styled anarchists: quiet men who live in obscure flats, whowork from morning until night in dingy workshops, men whohave grown old and kind and who stop on the 11th of Novem- ber each year for once their daily routine and send their lovingthoughts back to their youthful years of passionate ideals anddreams; men who knew Parsons and Engel, and Lingg andSchwab. Who knew these men branded as criminals by con- temporaries, hung as foes of the Commonwealth, who knewthem to bo pure in their hearts, kind to fellowmen with one biglove for suffering wronged humanity.They too had been contemporaries of the Haymarket tragedy.They had gone to all parts of the country and had carried totheir new places of habitation loving memories of those menwho had been the sacrifice offered for the coming of a betterera.I know one man in New York who knew the executed menall intimately, perhaps better than anybody else living. As hehad been their daily companion for years before their death.He speaks of them as of those dearest loved.I have often heard Mrs. Parsons talk of the life and the lastdays of her husband in Newberry Park, Chicago, right in frontof the portals of the Newberry Library while her son wasexhibiting the picture of his father to the crowds that had as- sembled quickly. Policemen do not interfere with her meetingsand do net even prohibit her sale of the book she wrote, anaccount of Parsons' life.A loud and boisterous celebration of professional agitatorsdid not impress me but the unimpassioned heart to heart talkwith dozens of men, of contemporaries of the executed striversfor workingmen's rights. All these told me of the great wrongthat must have been committed by a prepossessed minority ofpotentialities to a majority in Chicago, to its laborers, in thename of Justice.The master pen of Frank Harris immortalized in this caseas in many other instances the innocent victims of prejudiceand of power. His book "The Bomb" that came to me so manyyears after it had been written and by a strange coincidenceon the 11th of November, erected an eternal monument forthese men who had to die because they aimed at equality amongmen, because they fought against class distinction, against na- tional hatred, and against the greediness of citizens who abusedfor their own purposes newly arrived immigrants, helpless intheir lack of knowledge of English. They had to be the vic- tims of this very same hatred.Frank Harris felt and feels always with his almost super- human intuition where innocence suffers, when law is beingmisinterpreted, when freedom of mind and of body is beingtrampled upon.In faraway England he had read the accounts of the Hay- market riots, distorted by a press only too ready to join the choir of th-' mighty, the rich and the powerful.He knows how to read between the lines.Whenever there is a Golgotha somewhere in the world beingprepared foi a man, Frank Harris with his soul of a prophetand his heart of a man feels called upon.It is he who gave the world the man Shakespeare. Hebrought near to our hearts and to our homes so many men hehad met, whom the world had ignored and had granted themhonor only after lives of suffering and deaths of despair.He us Oscar Wilde's Life—a life so big that once morea man's work seemed unimportant compared with the life hehas lived. It Is Not What We Do But What We Are This must be the only maxim guiding Frank Harris throughthe labyrinth of lives and hearts of men, whom he has knownface to fact and of others whom he understood years after theyhad left for the Great Beyond.At the time of the trial of these "anarchists" of Chicago hedecided to see with his own eyes whenever he could have thechance. Twenty years later he found himself in Chicago. Hismemory cf the tragic days was still fresh and Frank Harriswent after the facts.It is a revelation to observe Frank Harris as he is going afterfacts. He is the thinker who is a born fighter. He has thewill power of the strongest and the endurance of the most pa- tient of men. The fearless philosopher who knows the origin ofall things sees also the logical end. He walks with linked armswith the inevitable and finally he will reach the truth as nearlyas earthly limitations will permit."The Bomb" is a story such as none other was ever writtenabout American life as it is. Should there ever be a book called"the American novel," "The Bomb" is and will remain the justclaimant to this title sought after so long now by pretendersfrom out of many camps.Louis Lingg and Rudolph Schnaubelt are the chief charactersof the book. Both are Germans: the representatives of the twoforemost types of German men, misinterpreted today as well astwenty years ago. So simple are they that they cannot be un- derstood by their too complicated contemporaries; so sincere andtrue that they were and would be taken for quite the contrary.Schnaubelt is the idealist. The doubter who accepts stand- ards set bv his fell .wmen, who rpes his very own way but al- ways tries to please others. He is proud—but not so aboveconventionalities as to abandon conventionalities. The spirit of1848 is in his heart. Educated in Germany's gymnasiums an&lt;3University, a born writer, he arrives in America and goes theway so many thousands of others went; who perished and suc- ceeded, went down and were never heard of or made their wayand became the shining stars on our best Sunday firmament.He went the way of a Carl Schurz.He worked with shovel and pick. He met men as they are—he met the real American: the cosmopolitan who lost the nar- row glories of national and of racial pride and who passedinto the blessedness of love of man and of brotherhood of theuniverse.Frank Harris calls it"the approaching kingdom of men onearth."Schnaubclt is the German who has beautiful emotions inabundance: neighborly love, passion for one woman, compas- sion for fellowmen, ambition for himself. A healthy egotismcompels him to seek after comforts and after the best this worldcan give.But unknown to himself buried by all the important elements,the companions of his daily striving for earthly goods is thegreat characteristic of the German: his unbounded desire forfreedom, indignation, rising whenever he sees other humansinhumanly treated, an indignation that rises to the Furor Teuto- nicus if he sees the knout on his fellowman's neck brought downby a merciless slavedriver.The German is capable of an almost unbelievable self-denialif it means the achievement of a big thing, especially if it bean abstract 01 ideal, or a protest against otherwise unchange- able accepted conditions.Then all achievements of a lifetime are scattered to pieces,unmourned or even unnoticed. Worldly possessions, the love for the one woman, one's future life is laid down upon the altaras a sacrifice.No big words. No theatrically staged grand stands.He simply gives. And the one who receives—and this seemsas miraculous as the sacrifice itself—always knows the valueof the gift.And takes as it is given. Simply and bravely. The man wholays down his own life accepts the lives of others as seemingcontributions toward the one big end.Schnaubelt, I say, is the one representative type of the aver- age German.He sacrifices exultantly and dignifiedly everything, every- thing: Then he throws the first bomb that causes the greatcatastrophe—all the time acting under orders. First of all heconsiders carefully the cause, the end to be achieved. He makesup his mind that he wants to be instrumental in bringing aboutthis end. He meets the man who seems to know the means tothis end. He finds in him a man he honors and loves. Trustis established.He joins the Cause. He is willing to be one of the meanstowards th? end.Self-denial is victory after a hard and gruesome battle foughtin one's hr-srt. The immediate members of one's own smallcircle must be wounded, even though they be big enough to riseto the situation. After the Gethsemane comes the Calvary.Schnaubelt resigns from his ambitions. He gives up the workthat is daily bringing him nearer to pecuniary freedom, to hisdearest dream* a home with Elsie. He, one of the kindest, onewho could not hurt a man even with words, will throw a bombthat may kill thousands.He will throw it at the command of Lingg.Germans are either masters or obedient servants.Schnaubelt is a servant. In Lingg he recognizes the master.He threw the bomb. His whole life seems to have had itspurpose.Blindly now he obeys his master. He follows him like a childout of the crowrds to the depot. In the coach he breaks downmentally and physically—but he obeys his master. The mas- ter's words are with him even after he has crossed the oceanto the safety of England."Write the true story of the Chicago tragedy," is the mas- ter's last command.The world with its craving for sensationally theatrical brav- ery would have applauded Schnaubelt if he had followed hisoften almost maddening instincts, to go back to Chicago, to givehimself up to the authorities, to walk into the courtroom andtell judges and jury: "All these men are innocent. There isLingg! He made the bomb and here am I, who threw it!"His self denial!How much harder must it have been for the exiled man toobey the master's command than it would have been to ascendwith him the gallows—to die with him!And Lingg!Frank Harris understands this German as he has so manyother people whom he gave newly born to the world.Lingg represents the other type of the average German :quiet, kind, studious; unconfiding. He knows what he wants.He knows there are two ways to get it. At first he tries per- suasion, education. He tries to evoke love with love. He triesto move men through their finest instincts.He fails.Brute strength, the power of an unjust tyranny are the weap- ons used by his unjust adversaries.Lingg does not speak and does not implore any longer. Hehas realized that words will remain shallow. He considersmore and more seriously the other way to his final goal.The achievements of science in the hands of strong invincibledetermination must conquer brutal forces of unjust oppressorsand unfair grafters.He abstains from grandstand pleas. The world, its opinionsand sympathies are naught to him.Here is his path—there is his goal.Obstinate masses, to their very own hurt, are obstacles inhis path. But for them he could reach his goal. They mustbe removed.He proceeds to remove them.No personal gain in view. Death is almost certain. If hesucceeds or if he fails—but his great cause is eternal:A better life among better people, love where there is hat- red, a universal brotherhood where has been professed goodwillamong their own clan only, among their own nation or theirown race-Frank Harris has made this man Lingg immortal.We see Lingg's bigness and we see his logical faults; we seehis almost simple love of the average family man, and hisutter disregard of persons and of his own self if it means togain freedom for the world from slave-drivers.He is the leader who serves his cause, who tells in clearwords what he wants; he throws into the faces of his judgesand of his jury, portraits of their own characters that makethem tremble in their weak hearts.Here is Lingg's last speech after he had been found guiltyand had been asked if he had anything to say as to why heshould not be hanged:"I had intended to defend myself; but the trial has been sounfair, the conduct of it so disgraceful, the intent and purposeof it so clearly avowed that I will not waste words. Yourcapitalist masters want blood; why keep them waiting?" The rest of the accused have told you that they do not be- lieve in force. I may tell you that they have no business inthis dock with me. They are innocent, everyone of them; Idonot pretend to be. I believe in force just as you do. That ismy justification. Force is the supreme arbiter in human affairs.You have clubbed unarmed strikers, shot them down in yourstreets, shot dov:n their women and their children. So long asyou do that, we who are anarchists will use explosives againstyou."Don't comfort yourselves with the idea that we have livedand died in vain. The Haymarket bomb has stopped the bludge- oninas and shootings of yoiir police for at least a generation.And that bomb is only the first, not the last. ..."Now I have done. I despise you. I despise your society andits methods, your courts and your laws, your force - proppedauthority. Han a me for it!"Then Linger died by his own hand! One da} before his com- rades were condemned to mount the gallows. He was theleader in life, a few steps ahead of his soldiers, the first onein dangers that be encountered ; he is now the first one tovanish the dark depths where are striptW of bodies.The high explosive he had the rdversaries ofhis canse on his own body. His earthly form was tornto miserable shreds.Line's son! seemed to have thrown Lingg's contemptu- o"«lv at the of the cagers: the hangmen, the judges, thejaJWs and the inrors.The master had died. In a faraway country the disciple hadcarried o"t thf1 master's command.Frank given America its great novel. The spiritof the book is tmly American.It desnises despotism and ininnitv with the vigor of the menwho their for freedom and independence fromthe English their lasting inheritance to us.It pictures the petty graft in labor circles as it prevails todavas well as a score of years ago. It pictures the attitude* oflaborer and of authoritv during strikes true todav as in 1885.It gives us the significance of these martyrs for truth andfreedom as we never could gather it from professional agita- tors, who seem to have taken possession wholly of a legacyleft to our country.The deaths of these men were not in vain. Our labor legis- latures have reconciled the laborers for iniquities of pastyears.Frank Harris has erected a monument to the pioneers forequality among American laborers; to the sacredness of humanrights that has never been violated in America without vigor- ous protest, a monument to the eternal contempt of brutalityand despotism wherever the stars and stripes wave over theheads of man.The sins of the fathers have been expiated by the sons.Love has proved mightier than hatred.Frank Harris preaches through the truth of his "Bomb" thenear approach of his "kingdom of man on earth" in America. There is nothing in the world more delightful than thatmiddle state in which we mentally balance at times, pos- sessed of the means, lured by the desire, and yet deterredby conscience or want of decision.Theodore Dreiser in "Sister Carrie." Bernard Shaw, the sincerest and most brutally frankcritic of English letters, wrote after reading FrankHarris' OSCAR WILDE'S LIFE AND CONFESSIONSa profuse letter of appreciation to Frank Harris, andput his own reminiscences of Oscar Wilde, a story ofthe length of thirty thousand words, at the author'sdisposal.Bernard Shaw closes his letter to Frank Harris:This biography of yours has wiped out all other bio-graphies.Frank Harris has only a very few copies left of thetwo editions of his book.Book collectors and admirers of o scar Wilde realizedquickly the significance of the work and this book,once out of print, will be counted among the pricelessdreams of a book-lover.Write for a prospectus and you may yet have achance to buy it for the publisher's original price often or twenty dollars respectively.BRUNO'S WEEKLY, Inc.No. 10 Fifth Ave., New York, N. Y. A the Sign of the Green WitchMeals of Peculiar Excellency Served a LaCarte and Table D'HoteLuncheon from 11 to 3. Dinner, 6p. m.to8 p. m. Afternoon Tea Service.Managed by Ella Whitney Gould49 East 10th Street New York At THE NEW ROMA RESTAURANT of health whereyou eat first class and quality of Italian and American cook-ing at moderate prices, a la Carte, run by the well knownPETER ROMA, nothing will be neglected with the bedtattention to everybody. Everything is brand new and sani-tary. Dancing every Saturday and Sunday. Grand Hall forBanquets, Weddings, etc.P. ROMA, Manager87-89 Macdougal St., cor. Bleecker St., first floorTelephone Spring 1324 Readers of Bruno's Weeklyare askedto become Subscribers Bruno Chap Books.Twenty-eight booklets containing the most interesting work of the most unique writers of the past twenty-five years.Prices ranging from fifteen cents to fifty cents.Write for catalgoue and send one-cent stamp. It contains the story of Bruno's Garrett from a public gravedigger's tool house to the exhibition gallery of modern artists' work.Bruno's Weekly, 10 Fifth Avenue, New York City. OSCAR WILDE'SImpressions of Americaedited with an introduction by Stuart Mason.One of the original $og copies printed.This book, written by Gscar Wilde upon his return fromthat memorable lecture tour through America, containssome of the finest characterizations of America, as Wildesaw it. He hits mercilessly and he praises effusively. Inthe appendix is an interesting collection of newspaperinterviews with Wilde.It is a rare Wilde item, published by one of Wilde's oldestfriends and his bibliographer.Only a few copies left which will be sent to those whose ordersreach us at first for $1.00 postpaid.SCHULTE'S BOOK STORE132 E. 23rd StreetNew York THE ONLY PRIVATE SCHOOL IN OUR VILLAGEMiss Cornelia Kingsland Barstow will re-open her school atTwenty-seven West Eleventh Street, on Thursday, October12th, for children between five and fourteen years of age.FIVE TEACHERS—ManuaI and Art Work—FRENCH.There prevails a delightful atmosphere of the school-roomin a private home.Rates reasonable. 14 Stories by Maupassant,For 35 cents postpaidStories of the Tragedy and Comedy of Life, withan introduction by Paul Bourget. Prettily printed inlarge type on superior paper, with illustrations incolor by Clare Victor Dwiggins. 16mo, stiff darkgreen paper cover, rough edges. (196 pages.) NewYork, M. Walter Dunne, 1914. (Pub. 50 cents.)Comprises the following short stories: The FalseGems, Was it a Dream?; Simon's Paper; In the Moon-light; The Old Maid; The Lancer's Wife; The Sequelto a Divorce; The Englishwoman; Sentiment; TheFishermen; In his Sweetheart's Livery; Bertha; Dis-covery; and A Message of Love.CONDOR'S BOOK STORE366 Fifth Ave.Write for interesting catalogue of books. R. EDERHEIMERPRINT CABINET366 FIFTH AVE., NEW YORKOriginal Drawings by Old MastersALL APPRECIATIVE VISITORS CORDIALLY INVITED