Bruno's Weekly 1 21 December 11, MCMXV naaq_1915-12-11_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 21 Untitled Image Illustration 1 Letter by Mark Twain as it appeared in the late "Autograph" of Mr. Madigan. Illustration 2 O. Henry In Greenwich Village 2-4 His Book-Plate by Himself Illustration 5 Stop! Look! Listen!: Robert McQuinn 5-7 Drawing by Robert McQumn Illustration 7 This Week's Performances in Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 8 Just Time Reprinted by request cre Guido Bruno cre 8-9 The Execution Will M. Clemen cre 9 To Clara Tice G. G cre 10 Clara Tice and Her Dog Varna, by Herself Illustration 10 Bathsheba in Washington Square Harold Speak man cre 10 In Our Village 10-11 Among Our Aristocrats Greenwich Village a la Town Topics 11-12 This is the famous Wilson Limerick which is making the Woodrow Wilson cre 12 Books and Magazines of the Week 13-14 Fighting Paris Last Year's Diary of Muriel Ciolkowska, Paris Correspondent of "The Egoist," in London. Muriel Ciolkowska cre 15 Phantasies Heroichiro K. Myderco cre 15-16 Maude: A Memory Guido Bruno cre 16-17 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 BRUNO'S WEEKLY Five Cents December 11th, 1915 BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 21 December 11, 1915. Vol. 1 Copyright 1915 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BkUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued). Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $1 a year.Applications for entry as second-class matter at the Post Office ofNew York pending. Letter by Mark Twain as it appeared in the late "Autograph" ofMr. Madigan. O. Henry In Greenwich Village YHERE is one man in American letters who knew Green- wich Village. Who knew it as it is and who neverhesitated to show in the most humorous way that it is notwhat newspapers and magazines and even some of the peopledown there themselves are trying to make you believe thatit is.O. Henry, one of the few masters of the short story ofthe world, and the master of the American short story,lived among us for a considerable period of his life; in thoseyears before his death in which he wrote the best. Not onlycompared with his own works of previous years but thebest ever written about the real life in New York, aboutthat floating population of New York whose names arefeatured on the electric sign-boards above the entrances oftheatres, whose stories are in magazines and newspapers,whose pictures appear on magazine covers and whosewhereabouts cannot be found in telephone books or citydirectories.O. Henry knows the life in so-called studios. The "Bo- hemian" restaurants are dissected by him and after he hasshowed what they really are and he has destroyed in youforever that peculiar flavor you always connect with thatmythical Bohemia, he discovers their real, their existing charms and you like them so much better because now youknow what you are up against.Some time ago a newspaper had a contest asking itsreaders for a vote which of the O. Henry stories they thoughtthe best. I lost track of the final result of this contest,but I believe that his "Last Leaf," which can be found inthe volume, "The Trimmed Lamp," of the Doubleday Pagestandard edition, is the very best that O. Henry ever wroteand is the most characteristic of his personality and of hisliterary style.He lived in the community of artists and writers, whichreally is not a community at all but just your continuousrecollections of this or that man or woman artist you knew.Shop-keepers, owners of restaurants—men and women whowere engaged in the business of cooking and serving thefood to people who came for no other purpose to theirplace but to eat—were his friends and daily associates andhe was one of the few who had found the connecting linkbetween our old-fashioned neighborhood, houses and parks—relics of by-gone days of glory—and their present occupants.People who live here because they didn't find another placeto live in, others who came because they loved these OldWorld surroundings and still others who wish to commer- cialize both people and neighborhood, serving together withroast chicken and red ink to "philistines" from up-town asa curiosity of New York: its Latin Quarter. From"The Last Leaf" "In a little district west of Washington Square the streetshave run crazy and broken themselves into small stripscalled "places." These "places" make strange angles andcurves. One street crosses itself a time or two. An artistonce discovered a valuable possibility in this street. Supposea collector with a bill for paints, paper and canvas should,in traversing this route, suddenly meet himself coming back,without a cent having been paid on account 1"So to quaint old Greenwich Village the art people sooncame prowling, hunting for north windows and eighteenth- century gables and Dutch attics and low rents. Then theyimported some pewter mugs and a chafing dish or two fromSixth Avenue, and became a "colony.""At the top of a squatty, three-story brick, Sue and Johnsyhad their studio. "Johnsy" was familiar for Joanna. Onewas from Maine; the other from California. They had metat the table d'hote of an Eighth Street "Delmonico's" andfound their tastes in art, chicory salad and bishop sleevesso congenial that the joint studio resulted." From "The Country of Illusion" "That evening they went to the Cafe Andre. And, aspeople would confide to you in a whisper that Andre's wasthe only truly Bohemian restaurant in town, it may be wellto follow them."Andre began his professional career as a waiter in aBowery ten-cent eating-house. Had you seen him there youwould have called him tough—to yourself. Not aloud, forhe would have "soaked" you as quickly as he would havesoaked his thumb in your coffee. He saved money andstarted a basement table d'hote in Eighth or Ninth Street.One afternoon Andre drank much absinthe. He an- nounced to his startled family that he was the Grand Llamaof Thibet, therefore requiring an empty audience hall inwhich to be worshiped. He moved all the tables and chairsfrom the restaurant into the back yard, wrapped a red table- cloth around himself, and sat on a step-ladder for a throne.When the diners began to arrive, madame, in a flurry ofdespair, laid cloths and ushered them, trembling, outside.Between the tables clothes-lines were stretched, bearing thefamily wash. A party of Bohemian hunters greeted the artis- tic innovation with shrieks and acclamations of delight. Thatweek's washing was not taken for two years. When Andrecame to his senses he had the menu printed on stiffy starchedcuffs, and served the ices in little wooden tubs. Next hetook down his sign and darkened the front of the house.When you went there to dine you fumbled for an electricbutton and pressed it. A lookout slid open a panel in thedoor, looked at you suspiciously, and asked if you were ac- quainted with Senator Herodotus Q. McMilligan, of theChickisaw Nation. If you were, you were admitted andallowed to dine. If you were not, you were admitted andallowed to dine. There you have one of the abiding prin- ciples of Bohemia. When Andre had accumulated $20,000he moved uptown, near Broadway, in the fierce light thatbeats on the thrown-down. There we find him and leavehim, with customers in pearls and automobile veils, strivingto catch his excellently-graduated nod of recognition." From "Two Thanksgiving Gentlemen" "The meal had been an unexpected one. He was passinga red brick mansion near the beginning of Fifth Avenue, inwhich lived two old ladies of ancient family and a reverencefor traditions. They even denied the existence of New York,and believed that Thanksgiving Day was declared solelyfor Washington Square. One of their traditional habits wasto station a servant at the postern gate with orders to admitthe first hungry wayfarer that came along after the hourof noon had struck, and banquet him to a finish. Stuffy Petehappened to pass by on his way to the park, and theseneschals gathered him in and upheld the custom of thecastle." His Book-Plate by Himself Stop! Look! Listen!: Robert McQuinn McQuinn is the man who designed the scenery to "WatchYour Step," he created Dillingham's monster productionin the Hippodrome, "Hip Hip Hooray" and I caught himlast Tuesday afternoon just as he was leaving his New Yorkstudio for a short trip to Philadelphia to attend there a per- formance of "Stop, Look and Listen" for which he designedthe scenery, the costumes of the chorus and a bathing suitworn by Gaby Deslys, the star of this new Dillingham pro- duction, which will be seen in New York in a couple ofweeks.The only possible excuse for an American musical com- edy—this mushroom growth of our amusement field—is thechance they afford to our artists. And our public is wise tothe fact that they don't pay the price of admission to ourBroadway houses in order to hear music or to see goodacting but to witness a costly fashion show, or to make atrip into fairy land and admire color, rhythm and movementcharmed to life by such magicians of colors as RobertMcQuinn. .He just recently moved into his new studio on NinthStreet. It is on the top floor of a house that seems to havebeen created just for the man who paints covers for ourfashion magazines and translates them into scenery andcostumes for our Broadway successes. Window boxes cover almost all of the windows; evergreen overhangs here andthere and contrasts with the pale pink color of the house- front. Doors and stairways are small like in a toy houseand the French perfume factory on the ground floor providesa peculiar odor true to the building, just as though all thewearers of costumes McQuinn designed had dropped theirhandkerchiefs here and there and all the fleurs de mils andviolets de parma and "Ideal" had united in a concert offragrances.McQuinn you would think almost anything but the fash- ion artist and creator of bathing suits de luxe and of fash- ions which are followed religiously all over the UnitedStates. With his big tortoise shell spectacles he looks morelike a college professor and you might also mistake him fora credit man or a banker. He believes in spaces not onlyin his stage arrangements but also in his own studio. Andtherefore, the spacious walls without a picture, here andthere a chair, a piano in one corner and two canaries in twocages right in the midst of the cheerful green of the windowboxes. A lot of books not orderly in de luxe editions withwonderful silk bindings as you might expect, but just inpiles on the mantel-piece, on the tables and in a corner onthe floor. He reads his books and he says he can find thembetter if they are piled one upon the other; and then hediscovers also immediately that other book he wanted toread, lying right next in the pile.He loves music. It sounds like _ a paradox what musicthe man loves who is instrumental in making musical com- edies Broadway successes. It is. father Bach. And hestarted to tell me how he always loved Bach. He spokein terms of reverence and profound respect of that grandmusic of the old master. He told me about his pilgrimagesto Bethlehem in Pennsylvania where they have Bach fes- tivals every year and that he never missed one since hefirst learned about their existence.And he missed his train. He didn't care a bit, because hesays it does him good to speak about Bach and his eyeswere flirting with his instrument and I am sure if there werenot a train every hour to Philadelphia we would have hada little Bach festival all by ourselves."But how about that music in your musical comedies?"I asked, "I like rag, real rag music—of that sort IrvingBerlin knows to write, the man who committed the Alex- ander Rag and many others of this sort and who really didsome fine things in "Stop, Look and Listen." t"But what on earth can you find in the best rag music ifyou love and understand Bach?""Bach is my religion," he answered. "It reveals to methe wonders of a world in which we all could live, of theParadise Lost which is unveiled to us once in a while forthe fraction «112 a moment, which gives lis a new lease onlife; but otherwise, I live in New York in the tenseness of its noises, and that makes me feel irreligious and makes mewant rhythm and movement, and by gosh"—he slapped hisleg and he whistled one of the choruses from "Stop, Lookand Listen." .... "I do love ragtime, tool""And talking about ragtime I must show you my newcanes." Out he brought a not yet opened box with halfa dozen walking-sticks, one looking like the other."I always forget my walking-stick, and therefore, I orderthem now by the dozen and I don't need to bother until thelast one is gone.""Stop, Look and Listen"-—judging from sketches and thePhiladelphia Evening Ledger" has been turned into a "Vogue"cover. Interiors and exteriors are in the pale sand hues,the clay greens, blues and cerises of that magazine. Every- thing is treated in a pale, flat poster effect, even down topalm trees and Hawaiian beaches. The costumes, barringGaby's confections, are carried out in the same shades anatreatment. Drawing by Robert McQumn This Week's Performances in CharlesEdison's Little Thimble Theatre an absence of two months Charlotte James, knownto the habitues of the Thimble as accompanist of its solo- ists, came back to take her old place. Miss James completeda few compositions of her own which she will present to theaudience on the coming Thursday, Friday and Saturday.She is a Colorado girl, born 11,500 feet above sea level inHegeman Pass, Colorado. It was a lonely place where shespent the greater part of her life, her father being telegraphoperator on the Pass, their next neighbors fifteen milesaway. The only music she heard in those days was themonotonous clicking of the telegraph key, and often did shetake her father's place at his desk Sending forth and receiv- ing messages. She loves the big mountains of her homestate and she gets real sentimental talking about the sheepshe used to shepherd. She received her first musical educa- tion from her mother and for three years she was a pupilof Adolph Weides in composition. And now she is herein New York trying to make for herself a place among Amer- ica's composers. Outside her own compositions she willplay in this week's performance Bach's "Concerto" andBrahms' "Caprice."Miss Maria Opfel, soprano, will appear for the first timebefore a public audience. Her aim is to become an operasinger. Her program includes "Just Awearyin, for You," byCarrie Jacobs-Bond, "Lethe," by T. Boott, "Contentment,"by Frank Seymour Hastings and"The Slumber Boat," byJessie L. Gaynor.Miss Sybil Robinson who was heard s&lt;fveral weeks ago in theThimble Theatre will appear again this week. She will sing;"Non so piu cosa son" by Mozart, "Son of Mine," by WilliamWallace, and"I Think," by Guy D'Hardelot. Just Time Reprinted by request Guido Bruno MY garret has six windows. Through every one the inis shining, frathing the table with the typewriter ina shower of pure golden rays. The laundry that hang?along wash lines between the houses of Little Italy near bysetftns real white, swinging joyfully to the rhythm of a teas- ing wind. A few of my neighbors seem to love vivid, glar- ing colors. There is one red nightshirt, on which I feasttoy cyt« every other week. Its owner must be a giant withlong arias. I fancy h£ brought it from Naples or Sicily.The shirt will fade and will go the way of all shirts andhell buy nice flannel pajamas — all Italians wear jtajamas,there are dozens of them on the lines in front of my win- dow; and he will forget his sunny Italy and lose his sun- browned cheeks, and how long will it be* and he will be on*©112 the thousands of pale, uniformly clad New Yorkers?Doing the same work, shoulder to shoulder with thous- ands of others makes people uniform. Some elevate them- sdves up to the standard of the avearge, some come downto the standard of the average. But after a while they willall be equal, they all will wear the same clothes, they willwalk in the same manner, they will eat the same kind offood, make the same gestures, use the same language: andall for one purpose, to make their daily bread.Over there across the back yard in front of my garreta woman leans over the washtub. She never looks up tothe forget-me-not blue sky; she doesn't see the sparrowsfighting for crumbs of bread on the fence. Hefr husbandleans somewhere in a shop over his work and is angrybecause tiny little rays of the kind sun peep through theblinded window, fascinated by the neefdle in his hand anddance in jolly little circles over his work. Not to become pau- pers is the tragedy that kills happiness, transforms proudand free human into befnt and worn slaves; that creates humanautomatons.It is the lack of time that makes millions wretched. Theycannot look up to the skies and see the passing clouds—theyhave not time. They cannot see the awakening of spring, thegrowth of youth in nature—they have no time. They do notadmire the beauty and the colors of flowers, they do not smelltheir fragrance—they have no time. They don't hear the birdssinging; they don't hear the cooing of babies and the heartgladdening chattering of children—they have no time.Time, time—just a little time to live is the real plea of thepoor man.And how beautiful is life—how wonderful is just real life,even without the comforts and blessings of civilization! Lifeis love, but we need time?—just time to do nothing but to liveand to love. The Execution Will M. Clemen THE sheriff fastened the rope about the neck of the unfor- tunate wretch and drew down the black cap.The priest with bowed head muttered a token for the soulof the condemned man.The jailer touched a spring and a quivering body dangledfrom the scaffold beam.The doctor heard the heart beat its final throb and pro- nounced him dead.The men severed the rope then and strong arms laid thelifeless mass in a pine box at the foot of the scaffold."Thank you, gentlemen!" the corpse seemed to say, "ourlittle differences are now amicably adjusted." To Clara Tice G. G. I must tell you, Clara Tice,That your drawings are not nice,Your ladies are too thin—and wear nothing butsome stringy hair.Can't you make them plump or fat?And please, do kill, that awful cat. Clara Tice and Her Dog Varna, by Herself Bathsheba in Washington Square Harold Speak man TTHE gate clicks shut, I mount the steps and passInto the dismal hall ; the mocking rowOf letter boxes and the low-turned gasBring back the hateful present. God! I knowThe cost, and yet—some wild, triumphant thingInside? my breast, is singing as I go.r ' In Our Village Clara Tice, who designed the cove'r of this issue, is not alover of cats—as many seem to think, judging by my last week'smail. On the contrary, dogs are her favorites and Varna, herRussian wolf hound, took place in several shows and was admiredby whole Nefw York this season.At the corner of Fifth avenue and Eighth street, right acrossfrom the Brevoort Hotel, the Diamond Disc Shop opened itsmusic parlors where one can drop in on afternoon or efveningand listen to some music to order. The patience of Mr. Godfrey,its manager, is never at an end and he puts record after recordupon the Disc and classical music, grand opera singers, ragtimefollow merrily in quick succession. Next week is the officialopening of the shop and everybody who happens to be in theneighborhood is invited. Mrs. Heloise Haynes (she of the "Wardrobe") gave a tea,I am informed, and there was not one candle in the? room.Candles and Japanese prints seemed last year the mediumthrough which Mrs. Haynes expressed herself. But why candle- sticks if not candles?Madame Apel, the sculptress, just finished a bust of Sada- kichi Hartmann, the poet. She did that marvelous headSadakichi's full justice. He is all there, even his fantastichair strands.Sadakichi Hartmann gave this week his famous dramareadings. He read his "Christ" better than ever. It isa pity he cannot find a publisher for his marvelous creations.The works of the instructors of the Modern Art School at72 Washington Square South, are at present on exhibitionin the school rooms. There are especially interesting posterdesigns by Winold Reiss and water colors by CharlesDemuth.Heroichiro K. Myderco is a newcomer to the village. Afew of his Phantasies appeared in the last issue of Bruno'sWeekly and one can be found on these pages. Mr. Mydercowas sent to the United States by Kenjiro Tokutomi, ofJapan, a prominent novelist, whose books have already ap- peared in the English language. A short biography of thisJapanese-American author will appear in a forthcomingissue of Bruno's Weekly. Among Our Aristocrats Greenwich Village a la Town Topics QREENWICH VILLAGE received the American royalaccolade in advance last week by being honored by avisit of several days from President Wilson's fiancee, Mrs.Edith Boiling Gait, herself a lineal descendant of the Prin- cess Pocohontas. Mrs. Gait was the guest of Miss Gordon,an old friend who lives in the modest little apartment houseNo. 12 East Tenth Street. The few Greenwich Villagerswho had the privilege of meeting her during her very busysojourn, a good deal of which was passed at the establish- ment of Kurzman, a famous coutouriere, in one voice, de- scribe her to be a woman of unusually attractive personality.President Wilson is certainly to be congratulated upon hissuitable alliance with a woman of such qualities of mindand heart and one capable of doing a great deal socially forthe White House feature of the administration. To beginwith, considering the station of the bride the marriage cere- mony ought by all means to be performed at the Executivemansion, as from the hour of the official announcement ofher betrothal to the President of the United States the bride- intendant has ceased to be a private citizen. The small andsimple wedding is in excellent form under the circumstances. Private levees at the White House, it can be said equallyin praise of the Wilson alike with the Roosevelt and Taftadministrations, have been vigilantly censored lon moralgrounds and unmarried or remarried divorcees who havebeen divorced on the statutory grounds in flagranti delictohave been ostracized from admission to its portals.Owing to the large contingent of the "Cave dwellers," theultra-conservative Southerners living in Washington manyof them having been reared on great estates with inordinateprejudices against "trade" and tradespeople, the social posi- tion of Mrs. Gait although of far-descended Virginia lineagehas been somewhat anomalous. Norman Gait, her deceasedhusband, rose from humble beginnings to be the Tiffany ofWashington and it is said that for some time subsequentto his death, she personally conducted the business, whichis grievance No. 2 the Cave Dwellers have harbored. Mrs*Gait being a thoroughbred gentlewoman, is well aware thatthe preferred way to wreak revenge upon people is by sur- passing them.Unlike European courts, the White House and its imme- diate entourage are powerless to create any private individuand stand in no integral relation to the national ultra-fash- ionable set. For instance, at the opening of the twentiethcentury and up to the time of her death, in the realm offashion, it was Mrs. Astor and not the wife of any one ofthe Presidents of the United States who was the most widelydiscussed American woman.Washington society at best is such a tangled congeriesof political, social, not to say business interests, cosmopolitanin one aspect and almost as provincial as a New Englandvillage in another, that it is somewhat puzzling to a censorof ultra-fashionable conditions. Nevertheless, a nationalultra-fashionable set, irrespective of official life, exists atthe National Capitol which is accorded royal honors at Euro- pean courts and which has been too much overlooked bythe Wilsons in their guests. Mrs. Gait, hitherto aligned to;neither the "Cave Dwellers" nor the ultra-fashionables, willspeedily recognize that the President and his family, nomatter what their birth, previous social conditions or per- sonal qualifications, in common with the diplomats, are cred- ited to the various powers sustaining a quasi ex-ofjicio rela- tion to the ultra-fashionable set, or at least to a section of itif they choose to accept its invitations. Woodrow Wilson This is the famous Wilson Limerick which is making therounds.As a beauty I am not a star,There are others more handsome by far;But my face, I don't mind it,For I am behind it—The people in front get the jar. Books and Magazines of the Week SHAL.L we call it a renaissance of romanticism or is itthe dawn of the romantic age in America this newmovement of poetry all over the United States which starteda couple of years ago, and which seems to be right now atits high tide? It is constantly spreading and the surestsigns that something big, something unexpected will be itsresult in the near future are the peculiar facts that we arenot confronted by a distinct school of poetry which has aleader and many followers, but that men, individuals hereand there, in the most unexpected corners of the worldcome to the surface—l might say spring up over night.They are not scholars and they are not philosophers. Justsimple Americans whose colleges and universities were thehard knocks of average American life. Who are followingprofessions and trades, whose poetry is the rhythm of theirlives and who differ so vastly from the poets who live inorder to write their rhymes and whose rhymes are the scantand bottled up extracts of theories read in books and ofatmospheres especially created for use in their poems.It is not the publisher of standard books who presents thepoetry of contemporaneous life. It is not the magazine ofbest-selling authors which gives its readers the rhythm ofour life. Never since the memorable Nineties of the lastcentury has America had so many individualistic magazinesas today. Almost every day a new one comes to my deskand brings me the name and the work of a new man . Andso through all this much-talked-about commercialism inart and letters we are coming back to the times where peoplewrote for no other reason than because they had to writesomething, and where they published their works for noother purpose than because it was a message to the world.Poets are becoming their own publishers. They startlittle sheets of their own—just leaflets, and send them outinto the world.Alfred Kreymborg and his Mushrooms were looked uponas a curiosity a year ago. Paragraphers all over the countryand conductors of newspaper columns fell over them likehungry wolves over a longed-for prey. Kreymborg hastoday a magazine of his own and we find it represented inMr. Braithwaite's ultra-conservative "Anthology of Maga- zine Verse." The Imagists, ridiculed only two years ago,are now standing features of the so-called popular maga- zines. Vers libre has found its serious consideration incolleges and universities. It is the little magazine whichhas carried its message on to the world, and little magazineswhich no one heard of are bringing us daily new messagesfrom new men. Harold Hersey, Librarian Poet Some weeks ago Harold Hersey gave a poetry readingin my garret. He is a librarian, a librarian in that giganticmausoleum of letters in the United States—in the Libraryof Congress, in Washington. He read us a selection of hisnew book, "The Wings of Song," which has been since pub- lished at the Library Press. He is the poet, who feels therhythm of life in his immediate surroundings. Be he acobbler, he feels the poetry of being a cobbler (rememberHans Sachs). Hersey sees more in the books which sur- round him daily than dead things on shelves. And so wesee his library with the eyes he sees them. There are littlescenes and silhouettes and sketches which are memories ofyour life as well as of Hersey's life. "The Wings of Song"is the third book by the same author during the past year.He is associated with the new literary venture in Wash- ington,"The Minaret," a little magazine of verse and litera- ture, edited by Herbert Bruncken. The Minaret Harold Hersey and H. Bruncken, these two prophets inthe wilderness of Washington, suggested in their little maga- zine titles for books of modern poets. Here are a few:"Chimney Soot and Axle Grease" by Rabindranath Tagore,"A Pathway of Fluffy Dreams to the Moon," by RichardLe Galliene, "Dung Heaps and Alleyways," by John Mase- field, "Ham and Eggs," by Vachel Lindsay, and "Nothing- ness and More of It," by Amy Lowell. Others Kreymborg's name as editor appears only on the titlepage, there is no editorial written by him and not even atiny poem to represent his own muse; but there surely neverreached my table another book or magazine more represen- tative of the man responsible for it than his yellow-coveredjournal. Every page seems to tell me "I am sent by Kreym- borg" and every poem seems to whisper "I am approved ofby Kreymborg," and every name represented on its pagesseems to say, "I stand for a man or a woman who is justafter the heart of Kreymborg." The Phoenix Michael Monahan couldn't have chosen a better leadingarticle for the first number of his fourth volume than theone upon James Whitcomb Riley. The Trail It is a new literary venture which our table fromWeyauwejg, Wisconsin. It was fostered into this worldby its editors Alfred L. Hutchinson and Edna Von DerHeide. It shall appeal to all classes of readers, as the pre- face states and one of its chief purposes is the establishmentof equal suffrage and the abolishment of the death penalty. The Wild Hawk Hervey White publishes in his "periodical of beauty andfreedom" his "A Dinner Party," a second drama in the fourthdimension. Pizzichi Di Pepe Gabriele Bellini, a Villager, published a volume of verslibre in the Italian language. The preface is written byRiccardo Cardiferro, and there is a caricature of Mr. Belliniby Caruso. Fighting Paris Last Year's Diary of Muriel Ciolkowska, Paris Correspondentof "The Egoist," in London. Muriel Ciolkowska November 8.—Charles Dumas, a poet who was awardedthe Prix Sully Prudhomme has been killed in action. Hepublished his last volume in 1906. A critic, M. CharlesPerrot, has described his work as characterized by "musicaltendencies and metaphysical anguish." Some poems byCharles Dumas, as well as quotations from his two books:"L'Eau Souterraine" and "L'Ombre et les Proies" werepublished in "Le Double Bouquet" for June.I have long come to the conclusion that the Frenchare the most undemocratic people in the world. Whereasthe "Times" publishes complete lists of killed, wounded,missing, prisoners in all the ranks, the French papersonly give the names of deceased officers and such person- alities as have been more or less in the public eye. Com- plete and official lists are not given at all, such as are pub- lished being furnished by relatives. All individual recog- nition is, moreover, as far as possible discouraged, thenumbers of regiments when referred to in narratives ofevents at the Front are left blank, and every communicationsteeped in a monochrome mist, which M. Maurice Barrescalls "an abuse of khaki." Not the slightest attempt ismade to "humour" the people, and individual sacrifice re- ceives the minimum of publicity. There is no country inwhich national service is undertaken for more disinterestedand ideal,motives, and the Frenchman who fights for hiscountry does so truly for his country only. Phantasies By Heroichiro K. Myderco Tolstoy THE hungry birds called each other dolefully in the darkof the e'arth. The sun was setting on the luridmarsh as dirty as the field after a massacre. A vacant tel-egapassed away. The reeds trembled with pain in the marsh.A few dark-faced peasants followed it.One of them criefd with a hoarse voice, "To Moscov! . . ."All the others raised their hands and shouted, "To Moscov t"The wind brushed against their bare legs, and they shiveredwith cold. The night began to hover over the plain like* anenormous bird of prey."At Moscov we will find the goal of life! Friends, there isour joy, there lies our kingdom! Let us free ourselves fromthe land of cold misery and desperate monarchy!"With this word the man lead the others and disappeared intothe gathering mist.A drefary silence fell over the scabby, monotonous stretch of land. Then, a man came hurriedly from the darkness. He borea huge, rusty cross on his shoulders like a wind-mill.He was an old man.He raised his strong voice and shouted to the people who hadjust disappeared in the* mist. Though his voice was loud it didnot reach the crowd of peasants, and was dolefully answeredby the cry of the birds.At last, he resumed his journey, dragging the cross after himas a man with a heavy burden. Scarcely did he walk more thana few steps than the colossal cross fell on the ground with hisbody.It was too heavy for the poor old man.But, as another band of new peasants came from behind, heshouted, dying: "To Nazareth!" and pointed toward the settingsun. Maude: A Memory By Guido Bruno They passed red lights, calling attention to dangerouscrossings. The Illinois Central station with the big electricsign of a department store lay dark like a big romanticcastle on the painting of some American artist, who recentlyexhibited his picture in one of the art galleries.They passed through the dark streets, and had to stop on adesolate-looking corner for a few minutes to let some heavily- loaded wagons pass. A policeman exchanged greetings with thechauffeur, and they passed on through streets with litte houseson either side and through the windows they could see in thelighted room where families were sitting around their tableseating their meals with stupid, work-worn faces.Twenty-second Street was not as yet awakened to the boister- ous life which starts an hour before midnight and vanishesbefore the first rays of the morning sun. Gramaphones weresending their inharmonious tones through open windows, smok- ing women were making themselves ready for the excitementof the night and their chosen life profession. A drunken negrowas talking to a white girl on a corner under a yellow gaslantern and an old woman was sitting on the doorstep of anugly gray and green painted house, holding a flask of whiskeyto her mouth. They passed empty building lots with a few oldtrees. The first familiar houses of the suburb could be seen inthe distance, which shortened with every turn of the wheels.Kenneth did not speak to his friend. It struck him peculiarlythat he had to be present each time when his friend's hopes ofhappiness were smothered and his belief in woman shaken. Hefelt that there must be some connection between the picture ofthe married woman whose husband was dead perhaps, and float- ing around among some ugly remnants of the wrecked steamer,and the recent dreamy happiness of the silent man sitting athis side. He did not care to think what that connection mightbe. He was happy that his friend did not talk—did not corn- pel him to mutter words of condolence, which he knew wouldsound vulgar and colorless, no matter how deeply they werefelt."How closely we live together," he thought, looking throughthe window, and seeing the quick change from the well-dresseddiners in the hotels and the tired men and women in their work- ing attire with pale, haunted faces and work-worn, soiled hands.Seeing the houses of beautiful stone where they serve our Lordand mutter words of devotion and promises of Brotherly Love,and right near by the houses of shame where they forget human- ity and drink and scream and do things of which they wouldbe ashamed if they would stop to think.The automobile stopped. The chauffeur opened the door andthe gray-haired butler appeared at the door of the dark veranda,which gave the small old house the appearance of a southernmansion. H assisted his friend as he would have helped aninvalid who, for the first time after a long disease, takes aride in the fresh air. They ascended the steps and entered thebig hall, illuminated by a single gas light."Dr. Courtland does not feel well, Maurice," said Kenenth."He will retire immediately. Have his room prepared asquickly as possible."Courtland was standing in front of the big fireplace andlooked at the ashes of the last year's fire. He felt shivery andcold. Didn't he see that there was no fire in the grate? Heextended the white, ungloved hands into the big opening asthough he wished to warm them. Maurice announced in a sub- dued voice, almost whispering, that the room was ready; andboth men went silently upstairs."Is there anything you wish, Courtland?" asked Kenneth."There is a bottle of old brandy—you know where you can findit. Don't you think it would do you a lot of good to take some?Shall I order a fire made in the grate? There is a suit ofpajamas in the dresser. It is your own. You remember youforgot it here a few months ago. And there is that old bathrobeof mine you have worn all these years."There was no answer from the man standing in the middle ofthe room under the lighted candelabra, looking through the dis- tant window into the darkness of the night. Softly Kennethwent to the door. Again he turned. He looked at the back ofthe well-built athletic man who seemed tired and helpless, stand- ing there like a man on a plank, swaying in midocean, lookingvainly for help. For a second there flashed through his brainthe picture of the other man fighting for his life amid_ thewreckage of a ship—of the man whose wife's picture was printedin the evening paper. He opened his lips but did not say whathe intended to say. Softly he closed the door. READERS OFA112Bruno's Weekly)Are Asked To Become►SUBSCRIBERSI52 Issues One Dollar Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No.lOFifth Avenue, Greenwich Village, N.Y.C.Gmd&lt;* Brune, Manager.This Week's Performances and ConcertsWednesday, 2:15 p. m.Thursday,3 p. m.Friday,8:15 p. m.8:15 p. m.Saturday, 2:00 p. m.8:15 p. m.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.A little Pilgrimageand workshopCollins Foster.to the homeof StephenPerformance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Ask or write for ticket of admission to TheLittle Thimble Theatre performances. Theyare free of charge.