Bruno's Weekly 3 6 July 22d MCMXVI naaq_1916-07-22_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 3 6 Untitled Image Illustration 1 Dum nos fata sinunt, oculos satiemus Amore Ernest Dowson cre 3 German Princes in Rank and File Guido Bruno cre 3-4 The title cover shows a few of the most usual types of our 4 People Who Lived in Our Village G. B cre 5-7 Untitled Image Illustration 5 After a dance in Mazzini's Illustration 6 Untitled Image Illustration 6 Advice for Young Authors Charles Beaudelaire cre Translated by Guido Bruno cre 7 Original thoughts are as unusual as a satisfactory plumber. Tom Sleeper cre 7 Untitled Image Illustration 7 Poems and Other Things James Waldo Fawcett cre 8 A Fable 8 Fragments 8 A Famous Man 8 Bridge 8 Fable 8 Drawing by Jack Flanagan Illustration 8 Chicago Letter John Stapleton Cowley Brown cre 9 In the Landes Hubert Crackanthorpe cre 9 D'Annunzio Beaten to it 9 What is in human nature that makes Michael Monahan cre 9 J.F. MacCarthy: Engraver, Connoiseur and Antiquarian 10-11 T.W. Paige Illustration 10 Untitled Image Illustration 10 Harriette White Paige Illustration 10 James William Paige Illustration 11 Harriette Story Paige Illustration 11 Untitled Image Illustration 11 In Our Village Genius and Insanity The Greatest Collection of Insane Artists' Works A word to our own followers of all sorts of "Isms" Guido Bruno cre 12-14 Untitled Image Illustration 13 Untitled Image Illustration 13 Books and Magazines of the Week 14 Oscar Wilde's "Reading Gaol" Oscar Wilde cre 14 Ernest Dowson 14 Bookplate Book 14 Untitled Image Illustration 14 The Lion's Mouth 15-16 IVe thank you for the compliment and njue only wish it were Jack Carney cre 15 Marjorie Lucile Clark, of Yonkers, Admires Us 15 An Ardent Admirer of Poet Tarleton Winchester 15 I have known him for more than a year; and because I like P.C. C cre 15 Pillars of a Temple Beautiful, W.J. Lampton cre 15 Drawing by Clara Tice That Inspired Colonel Bill Illustration 15 Bruno:— Poets are not polite propositions, are they? Lampton cre 15-16 Let This Cup Pass Too, Oh Lord! Richard le Galienne cre 16 Jean Orrick Johns cre 16-17 Poet and Flower. By Djuna Barnes Illustration 17 Fortieth Anniversary of The Custer Fight Frank Fiske cre 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRET ONWASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents July 22nd, 1916w. &amp; G. Copyright by Guich Bruno, July 22nd, J 916. Original matter,including all drawings, may not be reproduced without permissionof Guido Bruno; but that permission may be assumed if creditis given to author and Bruno's Weakly. One Hundred Dollars for theStory of Your Marriage Bruno's Weekly will pay one hundred dollars for the best story settingforth why and how you were married.We don't want literary masterpieces or extraordinary stories of adven- ture. But there is a lot of romance and fragrance about those dayswhen you two met. You know you like to recall those times even ifeverything has changed since.Write down your story just as simply as it happened. We shall noliuse your name if you do not wish us to do so.There is no better fiction than the one Fate writes upon the pages ofour lives. We know your story will be enjoyed by lots of others. Writeit down to-day and address it to the "Contest Editor," Bruno's Weekly,58 Washington Square, New York City. Every week those stories which are printed will be paid for at spacerates. * The contest will close on October Ist, 1916, and the storiesshould be limited to three hundred words. Detailed conditions of themarriage story contest will be mailed to you upon request BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 6 JULY 22d, MCMXVI Vol. 11l Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno. BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY {To be Concluded) BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, and edited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 Wash- ington Square, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Actof March 3d, 1897. Dum nos fata sinunt, oculos satiemus Amore Ernest Dowson Pro per tins smiling, Dear! a little while be sad,Here in the silence, under the wan moon;Sweet are thine eyes, but how can I be glad,Knowing they change so soon?For Love's sake, Dear, be silent! Cover meIn the deep darkness of thy falling hair:Fear is upon me and the memoryOf what is all men's share.O could this moment be perpetuate!Must we grow old, and leaden-eyed and gray,And taste no more the wild and passionateLove sorrows of to-day?Grown old, and faded, Sweet! and past desire,Let memory die, lest there be too much truth,Remembering the old, extinguished fireOf our divine, lost youth.O red pomegranate of thy perfect mouth!My lips' life-fruitage, might I taste and die,Here in thy garden, where the scented southWind chastens angony;Reap death from thy live lips in one long kiss,And look my last into thine eyes and rest:What sweets had life to me sweeter than thisSwift dying on thy breast?Or, if that may not be, for Love's sake, Dear!Keep silence still, and dream that we shall lie,Red mouth to mouth, entwined, and always hearThe south wind's melody.Here in thy garden, through the sighing boughs,Beyond the reach of time and chance and change,And bitter life and death, and broken vows,That sadden and estrange. German Princes in Rank and File Guido Bruno. L_J OWEVER the world may regard the militaristic* * status of Germany, it can never for an instant denythat the rulers of Germany have been ready to sacrificenot only the lives of their subjects, but their own livesand the lives of their sons as well, to the maintenance ofthat idea. Dispatches from the front and from thevarious sources of our information attest beyond a doubtthat the Kaiser, his six sons, the rulers of all the Germanstates and their sons, the dukes and petty princes withwhich the country abounds, are all daily facing death on the battlefields of France and Poland. Their idea ofmanhood may be in the last analysis erroneous, but forthem, at least, it is a vital one. *And they are willing, evenanxious, to sacrifice their lives for the ideal which theyhold dearer than life. Critics may decry the Kaiser asan exponent of humanitarian principles, but they mustperforce yield him and his co-rulers in Germany theadmiration due a brave soldier.When a state of war was declared, every man in theempire took leave of his daily duties, of his business andof his family to obey the call to arms.So did the Kaiser. He transferred all his official busi- ness to the different departments of his Government. Heinvested trusted men with the executive powers exclusivelyreserved to him during times of peace. He freed himselffrom every obligation. Now he was the armed Kaiser ofa nation in arms. He went to the front—to the head- quarters of all his armies. The location of headquartersis kept secret for strategical reasons. But every Germanwarrior knows his Kaiser is near him, taking an im- portant part in the tactical dispositions that he has tofollow.The German Crown Prince leads an army. He leadshis army on his horse's back, his sword in his hand, ex- posing himself to bullets as well as the common soldier inthe ranks. Three of his brothers are in the field. Onelies wounded from a hostile bullet, eager to recover andparticipate anew in the fight for his country. The Kingof Saxony, the King of Wurtemburg, the Grand Dukeof Baden, the royal princes of Bavaria, the Duke ofson-in-law of the German Emperor, are ex- posing themselves daily to the privations of warfare andto the deadly bullets and weapons of the enemy.Fourteen princes have been wounded since the warbegan, and several killed. Three members of the reigninghouse of Lippe fell in the course of one week, after de- ciding the fortunes of their troops through their self- sacrificing bravery. The Prince Ernst Saxe-Meiningenlost his life on Belgian soil. Prince Otto Victor ofSchoenburg-Waldenburg gave his life for his country.Prince Frederick Charles of Hesse, the brother-in-law ojfthe Kaiser, received severe wounds, and may die.Eighteen sovereign federal princes and sixty-four princesof ruling houses and of royal blood are at present withthe German armies.National calamities are the great equalizers of mankind.When the peaceful order of things ceases, a state of waris declared, all men gather around the banners, the palaceof the nobleman as well as- the hut of the plain citizenis exposed to hostile invasion. High born and low born,as well as rich and poor, seem to submerge in two newdefinitions—strong and weak, courageous and cowardly.In the time of war, the real meaning of the titles ofthe nobility becomes apparent. The Emperor is the"Imperator," the man who has the highest command overall the troops of his country. The duke—from the oldLatin "dux,"—is a man who leads, literally the one who is in the front of all, and so on; all the titles cease to bedead words, dead expressions of social distinction, andbefore our eyes the pictures of the ancestors of Europe'snoble families loom up—the rough, strong, powerful menwhose daring deeds distinguished them among theircomrades.Germany is proving in the present Eureopean war thatits princes and its dukes are real men, real citizens of theircountry, who do not wear the glittering uniforms 'of theirregiments as ornamental garb, but take their places amongthe fighters exposed to the enemy's deadly weapons.Eighteen German Federal princes and sixty-four princes,members of ruling and sovereign houses, are at presentat the front. A few are in High commanding positions.The others are doing duty as subaltern officers, side byside with their brother citizens.Forgotten are palaces, the comfort of luxuriously fur- nished living rooms; forgotten is the daily routine of thewell-ordered household. The soldier-prince's knapsack,containing the bare necessities of one day's life, substituteskitchens and storerooms of his palace. The man ac- customed to change his clothes three to five times a day,regards it as a luxury if circumstances permit him to takeoff his garments once in two or three days.The military service does not know any other privilegesthan those connected with the man's rank in the army.The prince who is a lieutenant is no more than one of themany thousand lieutenants doing active service.Bullets do not ask questions. They strike the braveman's heart, no matter if he is of royal birth or comesfrom the peasantry. Several princes have already fallenon the field of honor, and many are wounded, lying infield hospitals, or are being transported back to their homes.When prince and day duke and commercialagent, fight side by side, experience the same fears, thesame hopes, endure the same hardships, follow the samecommand and cherish in their hearts the one desire, "vic- tory or death," that must create a democratic spirit inthe army. They abolish all political and social differencesto increase the efficiency of the war forces. They do notfeel any difference in rank out there around the campfireor in the skirmish line or during the battle. A touch ofthis spirit is conveyed to the mothers, to the wives and tothe children in the letters sent home from the fighting line."Yes, I am wounded, dear," writes a young husband tohis wife, "and I am afraid it won't heal very quick. Theywill have to send me back to one of the field hospitals.Do not worry, and don't feel badly. Just thing of 'our'Prince Joachim, who was married shortly before he leftfor the front, and wounded on the same day I was."The proverbial mother, who has five grown-up sons inthe ranks, has found her companion in affliction in theGerman Empress herself, who is practically deserted byher family, most of whom are implicated directly or in- directly in the war. Even her daughter, Victoria Louisa,Duchess of Brunswick, cannot be at her side at thepresent time, as her husband, the reigning Duke, madeher, in departing to the front, his substitute, and she islooking after the daily routine of ruling his country.All barriers of everyday life seem broken. The Empressis a mother, like thousands of others, who might be inmourmng to-morrow. Every one of the grand duchessesand duchesses and princesses, whose husbands are doing active duty, is a German "frau" that studies with fearfulheart the lists of the fallen, published from day today,and that sends a silent prayer to heaven if the name ofher dear one is not among those reported dead or wounded.No matter what we might think about the cruelty ofmilitarism in general, no matter what our private opinionmight be as to who is responsible for the outbreak of thisman-murdering war in Europe, and even if our sympathiesare strongly influenced against the part the Kaiser and hisarmy played in the present struggle, we are too humannot to feel that he, his family and every prince in Ger- many pays his price, as well as the lowest man of hiscountry whose duty it was to follow the call to arms.The scions of noble families in Germany are trainedfrom their earliest youth for military service. Theirmilitary instructors do not attach too much importanceto the theoretical side of military science. The soldieris here to fight, to use his arms, and to support the effi- ciency of his arms with a healthy body that is capableof enduring hardships, and eventually privations. Sothey spend their days not in walks around with theirgovernesses in the gardens or parks, but in militaryexercises, on long marches in practice with gun and rifle,at the same time going through the regular course neces- sary to secure an average education.The princes of the Hohenzollern family, particularly,have a rather hard youth. According to their familytraditions, the male members receive from their seventhyear military instructions from an army sergeant, and atthe same time they are taught to be skilled artisans, suchas carpenters, blacksmiths, brick-layers. They are moreor less in active military service during their entire life- time, receiving grants only according to their meritoriousservices.Even the female members of the Hohenzollern familyare army officers in the Royal Guards, and hold an hon- orary command of certain regiments bearing their names.When peace reigns again and the historians and writersnow fighting in the lines of Germany's armies take offtheir soldier coats and exchange the rifle for the pen,the true history of the present campaign will be written.So far, we have only the bare facts given us by* wirelesstelegraphy that does not permit the transmission of longstories and episodes.Prince Frederick von Hesse, related to the GermanEmperor, commander of a Uhlan regiment, fell nearNamur. He was the first of his men to attack the forcesof the enemy. A hesitation had been felt at the wing,whose most important part the Princes regiment consti- tuted. He galloped up to the standard bearer, took thestandard out of his hand and rode bock to the front ofhis regiment. He swung it high above his head. Withthe sword ready to strike in the right hand, the standardin the left, exclaiming "Follow me, boys—death or vic- tory!" he started against the hostile forces. A bulletstruck his chest, The title cover shows a few of the most usual types of ourVillage natives. People Who Lived in Our Village G.B. After a dance in Mazzini's Rozel Oertle Butler -WHY the world does not know anything about mypaintings—and about myself? You mean whynewspapers and magazines have not written about my workand why I have not exhibited?" Mrs. Butler repeated myquestions after we had returned from the magnificent gal- lery back of her studio, and were seated comfortably nearthe glowing grate in the spacious hall."You must know that out there in the "Bad Lands," inthe deserts of New Mexico and Arizona, in the prairiesof Nebraska, newspapers and art critics are rather scarce—especially if one lives in a cart driven by an old horse,camping here and there and always hundreds of miles fromthe nearest cities and even ranches, or crossing on horse- back the arid stretches of Mexico, with canvas and easelon one side of the saddle, grub, blanket, brushes and paintson the other, bunking to-day on a high mountain, to-mor- row deep down in the valley. Such was my life for years."I went through countries where a white woman hadnever been before. The solitude of the desert has exer- cised over me a fascination since my earliest youth. Justthe land with its sun-dried vegetation and no other limita- tion to the horizon than the skies that seem to fade awayfar on the outskirts of the prairie—but not so far that youthought you could not reach them if you had a good horseand kept on riding straight toward your goal. No Chance to Exhibit "Somehow, I never tried to do it. I stopped at this placeor that, sketched and painted and tried to transfer on mycanvas the marvelous, ever-changing colors of sky andearth, of the mountains and the sea. After a canvas wasfinished, I carried it with me and forwarded it, wheneverI had a chance, to a storage house in some nearby city. Soyou can easily see I could not have exhibited, eager thoughI was to let the American people see the beauties and won- ders of those parts of their own country they call the "BadLands' and which seem to be neglected, not only by tour- ists and travelers, but—what is more astonishing—by ar- tists and poets and musicians. Out there some day will bethe birthplace of an American music, of real Americanpainting and of that kind of poetry that will not only bewritten in America, but will be really American."The revolutionary conditions of Mexico compelled meto come back to the States, and I decided to stay for awhilein New York. My canvases are already arriving fromthe storage houses and soon I will be able to make a selec- tion and present to the public the deserts of America, In- dian life and the Mexican markets.The knocker downstairs sounded. An insurance in- spector interrupted our conversation. I crossed over tothe studio to one of the enormous windows facing Wash- ington Square. It was late in the afternoon and snowcrystals glittered in the air and struggled vainly with anunexpected current of warm wind and had to come toearth as raindrops.Have you ever been down to Greenwich Village, theold, aristocratic part of the city whose capital is Washing- ton Square? Did you ever notice the row of brown andgray stone mansions on its south side? O. Henry calledthem "the quiet houses of mystery," and there is always asurprise in store for you whenever you gain entrance to one of them. ||hey were built half a century or more agoby well-to-do merchants, old New Yorkers, after whomour streets and places are called. Their children andgrandchildren moved to .upper Fifth Avenue or to River- side Drive and the enormous mansions are unoccupied orrented to people who make a business of renting rooms andstudios. Up Stairs and Down Stairs The first and second floors of such houses are, perhaps,magnificently furnished, occupied by writers or artistswhose names have won nation-wide reputation; while on the upper floors and in the mansards live men and womenwho are struggling hard "to get there." That means topaint "the painting" or to write "the book." Down stairsare Persian carpets on the floors, bedrooms fitted with fur- niture that had been built for a guest room in the royalpalace at Fontainbleau, and upstairs in the mansards anold bed spring bought from the Salvation Army rests ontwo soap boxes, serving the man as bed whose book maybring you infinite pleasure to-morrow. A candle stuck inthe neck of a bottle is his illumination in the evening. Thefloors are bare. But a magnificent carved marble mantelover the fireplace erases the suggestion of poverty, even if there is no wood or coal in the grate. And the windowsoverlook Washington Square! The game old trees andthe same sky, with the black city in the background canbe seen from here as from the windows downstairs hungwith silk curtains.In the last one of this row of houses on the corner ofSullivan street lives Mrs. Butler, the painter of desertsand Indian life.Mrs. Butler paints Mexican market life as it never waspainted before. The vivid colors, the sun at noontime, thesun in the afternoon, the first shadows of the evening—her pictures seem to live, seem to convey to us the beautyand the exoticism of that far-away country of picturesquerevolutions, of lazy-living city people and slow, tired-mov- ing, hard-working farmers. Here in her studio the eye lights upon "Flower Ven- dors of Mexico City" in which is presented that cornerdiagonally opposite the main post office, painted in the noonhour. The white sun shines on the canvas, protecting themerchant from the hottest rays. The flowers in basketsturn their heads toward the sun and their red and whiteand Nile green and purple create in the picture, aroundthe picture and in us an atmosphere that makes us forgetthe cold and colorless winter day in New York.And there is the "Piazza del Signore." Under the oldshady trees the bird seller has a stand. The birds whosewings and little bodies we admire on women's hats and incages, one on top of the other, and the vender rests quiet,lazy and yet with a latent power.And then there are the paintings of the American desertstretches of prairie, no tree, no bush, only grass and skies. But the colors seem to convey to us a strange message—a message of life, of struggle, of conviction, of defeat and—of final peace.There is such a sublime peace in every one of Mrs. But- ler's paintings. It is the peace after a storm. It is thepeace of old age after a long life of hard labor. It is thepeace only a very few conceive and still fewer are chosento convey to us in their works of art.Washington Square—in the middle of that boisterousItalian section—conveyed this peace. These large, spa- cious rooms in the old stone mansion conveyed such peace.I could understand why Mrs. Butler, who knew how topeople her deserts and "bad lands" and how to feel soli- tude amidst the noise and hustle-bustle of the Mexicanmarkets, had chosen this old section and this old house inold Greenwich Village as her home in New York.Mrs. Butler had re-entered the room."You, too, feel the message of those naked trees withtheir black branches, of this yellowish purple sky ? Whatdoes it matter that there are hordes of Italians and Hun- garians and Polacks taking their children for a breath ofair on a sunny day, or the buzzing 'buses filled with joyriders? Because I love the desert and lived in the desert the greater partf of my life I chose New York and not asmaller city in the West in which to settle down for awhile. There is no vaster desert in all America thanNew York, with all its millions of inhabitants."You want to know who I am? From where I come?Something of my life? It isn't very interesting becausethere isn't much of a magazine romance in it. Work— hard work—was my lot from the day I was able to walkuntil to-day, until this very hour. I was born on a ranchin Nebraska, and at the age of 8 I had to take care of myyounger sisters and brothers in the absence of my parents,and ia addition to that do all the work around the house.And that was not a small job. For seventeen years Iworked on the ranch of my father. I did all the workthat a farmhand would do. I know how to raise potatoes,how to dig the ground, how to cut down trees. I didn'tknow that there was such an art as painting until mytwenty-second year. I visited Lincoln, Neb., and there Isaw a painting for the first time. I don't remember thename of the painting or who painted it, but it made a pro- found impression upon me. I stood there for nearly twohours, and then I said to my father: The Inspiration " 'If I had the material, I could do as well.'"But back I went to the farm and did my work asbefore."At the Omaha Exposition in 1889 I saw a fine collec- tion of paintings. Notwithstanding the fact that I hadnever even tried to paint, I decided to become a painter.In the fall of the same year I managed to get passage toAntwerp. There I lived for two years studying at theAcademy of Fine Arts and earning my living. Never mindhow, but I earned it, and I worked hard for every pennyI got."I went to Paris. At first I was, as most of us, an ar- dent admirer of the geniality and the wonderful inspira- tions of the French artists and the French schools."But I wasn't esprit—it wasn't impressions I wanted. Ihad worked the soil and I had studied the slow process ofgrowth of nature, and that is what I wanted to paint. Myteacher advised me to go to Brittany. I stayed there al- most a year. The people there have to wrestle with thesoil; they work hard. I made some wonderful sketchesthere. I was so poor that I could not afford to buy goodpaints. And so those canvases turned all black and I hadto destroy them. Studying in Munich "Then I went to Munich. I stayed there six years. No—I did not join any of the noted schools. The group ofsecessionists wanted me to exhibit my work. But I de- clined. My teacher was Anton Atzbe, the favorite pupilof Lenbach, and I stayed with him six years. I was al- ways alone. Society and the majority of artists never hadattraction for me. But I met Nietzsche and we becamegood friends. I was the only woman he ever called afriend in his life. The hours I spent in his company aremy dearest memories."One day an unspeakable longing for my home, for theprairies in Nebraska, took possession of me. I crossed theocean again, and for more than fifteen years I have livedthe life of a nomad. I crossed the prairies and 'BadLands' and deserts from east to west, and always alone. Ilearned to love the Indians and their home life. I joineda tribe of the Pueblo Indians and stayed with them inArizona and New Mexico. Later I crossed the borderand painted Mexican market life. It is just in the marketscenes that a Mexican of to-day can be understood. Istayed in the larger cities, mingled with the peasants thatcome to the cities daily after their farms have been devas- tated by the revolutionary bands. I rode on horsebackthrough the mountains, I camped on high hills and downnear the ocean."Didn't you feel the harmony between my Mexicanpictures and those of the deserts ? The revolution in Mex- ico necessitated my homecoming. But next summer Ishall be gone again. Igo to South America, to Peru, andI expect to be gone for several years." Advice for Young Authors By Charles Beaudelaire Translated by Guido Bruno About Defaming C~)NE should defame only such people who are spreadingerroneous ideas. To attack a man in a strong posi- tion, even if you feel yourself strong enough to do so,always involves a weakening of yourself. But if youshow him only that you defer radically with him oncertain points, you might win him as a friend who isgoing to stick to you on certain occasions. There aretwo methods of knocking: the roundabout method and thedirect method. The latter always proves to be the shortest*Fitting examples of the roundabout method can be foundplentifully in the feuilletons of J. Janin. The round- about way amuses the public at large but it is not aneducated way.The direct way is favored at present by a few Englishjournalists. They seem to have abandoned it in Paris.Even Mr. Granier de Cassaganac seems to have forgottenall about it. This is how it is done: "Mr. X. is a veryindecent person, and more than that he is stupid, whichI can easily prove. In order to prove it I will state first,second, third . . ." and so on. This method I wouldlike to recommend to such who believe in reason andhave at their disposition a good fist.Very much to be pitied is the unfortunate one whowanted to knock and became the victim of his own knocks.His own missile came back to him. It is the bullet thatkills the one who fired it. About Creditors \/ OU surely remember a comedy called "Frivolity and* Genius." That frivolity often accompanies geniusproves that genius was extraordinarily strong. But thistitle means for many young people unhappily not a merecoincidence but a necessity.I doubt whether Goethe ever had creditors. EvenHoffmann, the frivolous Hoffman, who was constantlytantalized by his troubles, longed continuously to get ridof them, and he died finally at the time when a comfortablelife would have permitted his genius glorious liberty.Never make debts! If you wish, to make others believethat you are in debt, do so, but that's the limit I wouldadvise you to go. Tom Sleeper. Original thoughts are as unusual as a satisfactory plumber. Poems and Other Things by James Waldo Fawcett A Fable THERE was once a poet, who did not win any laurelsand who never was advertised in magazines andbook stores. At length he thought of committing suicide."Then," he said, "I shall be famous forever." So hearranged all his unsold manuscript in a neat pile and wentinto a public park on the evening of a great nationalholiday. "Now is the time and this is the place!" hecried, and where the crowd was thickest he shot himselfand died. But he had come so far away from his friendsthat there was no one in all the vast multitude who knewhim. He was buried in Potter's Field, unidentified;and was soon quite forgotten, even by his creditors, buthis manuscripts were found by the well-known compilerof a literary review. He read them with great interest,adopted a few of them for his own works and publishedthe balance anonymously under the title "Poems as foundin a Furnished Room." Literary reviewers wondered whothe author of this novel and beautiful little volume mightbe. In years to come the compiler of literature who hadbeen unofficially identified as the author of the anonymousbook had himself forgotten whether he had really writtenthose poems or simply compiled them.At the celebration of the twenty-fifth anniversary of theNew York Crimes Book Review he blushingly admittedhis authorship.The dead poet is slumbering peacefully away withthousands of other unknown wayfarers on the road toFame and Success which they did not achieve in reaching. Fragments I. 0 OME dine with meOn a banquetOf slichiAnd kasha.Ah!1 see you do not knowMy beloved Russia. 11. Q HE ravedAll eveningAbout Giotto.But sheHad never heardOf Gauguin. 111. T ITTLE girl,—«■—'' You who wereMy first love,—Could you seeThe bitter-sweet joyOf these daysYou would loathe me. A Famous Man "HO you see that man?" I said. "He looks as thoughhe might have an interesting story.""What!" cried my friend. "Don't you know who thatman is?" "No; who is he?" I replied."He is one of the greatest men of his class. To judgehim by his appearance would be to misjudge him mostcruelly. He is a craftsman of the highest order. Anartisan of considerable achievement. An artist, too, Ihave heard from those who should know. Furthermore,he is a philosopher and a revolutionist. He is a veteranof the revolt of '71. He knew Lamarck and Liebnecht.""Indeed!" I exclaimed. "You must introduce me.""Oh, you can introduce yourself. You can find himusually in his shop below the corner. He is HeinrichWagner, our cobbler." Bridge A BRIDGE to me is a spendid thingFor the soul to see the heart to sing.A palsing monument it stands,A symbol of clasped and toil-worn handsAnd a living tie that friendly bindsFriendly cities and friendly minds. Fable THERE was once a man whom God "caught" in a lie.And God tried to think of a suitable punishment.Finally, he called the poor unfortunate before him andsaid, "You will never tell the truth again."The punishment was greater than the criminal couldbear. Within a year he died, crying: "Nobody believesme. I'm telling the truth!" Drawing by Jack Flanagan Chicago Letter John Stapleton Cowley Brown Kicked by a Mule "John Jones, who was kicked by a mule, is dead fromthe same." Thus reads a terse paragraph in an up-stateMoulder of Public Opinion. Here in Porkopolis similaraccidents occur daily. Only last week, one of my criticalconfreres was kicked in a vital spot by a mule, and shuffledoff this mortal soil in great agony. The "mule" thatkicked him was"The Hollow of Her Hand," the negli- gible novel in which George Barr McCutcheon breaksall records—his own—for sheer brain-annihilating, in- somnia-curing drivel. My friend is dead— hence myanger—but the mule still is at large. So cave canem,beware the McCutcheon mule. The House of Harper The ancient and honorable house of Harper Brothersare publishing more "plugs" than any other publishinghouse in America—our own McClurg Mausoleum not ex- cepted. Yet book-buyers who have been "stuck" in the lastanalysis have only themselves to blame. To buy booksbecause they bear the imprint of an old-established firmis much as if a man should buy clothes that did not fithim, giving as reason for the purchase that they weremade by a long-established tailor. Four Kinds of Readers Defined "There are four kinds of readers. The first is like thehour-glass; and their reading being as the sand, it runsin and runs out, and leaves not a vestige behind. A secondis like the sponge, which imbibes everything and returns itin nearly the same state, only a little dirtier. A third islike a jelly-bag, allowing all that is pure to pass away,and retaining only the refuse and the dregs. And thefourth is like the slaves in the diamond mines of Gol- conda, who, casting aside all that is worthless, retain onlypure "gems." Coleridge, who wrote this golden defini- tion, was a member of the fourth class of readers. If hewere alive, of all the books thus far published in 1913he would retain only Bowman Peck's volume of "Poems"(London; Elkin Matthews) as chryselephantine poetryas has even been written by an American since Poe laiddown his wand forever. The Difference Between Emerson Hough and Henry Fuller Query: What is the difference between Emerson Houghand Henry Fuller, charter members of Cook County'sConcatenated literati? Answer: Hough is unreadable,and Fuller is not read. Lice On a Lion's Mane The crapulous crew of cretinous critics, who, to gaina little advertising of their precious selves, are gushing(at space rates) over the Browning Centennial, remindme of nothing so much as of lice on a lion's mane. Themost Shakespearian creature since Shakespeare needs nosuch weak support. His "Complete Poetical Works,"a monument more during than brass, is too little readand too much dwelled over in print by windy criticasters,mostly long-haired men and short-haired women. Now Barabbas Was a Publisher I have been reading Sloan's "Life of Napoleon." Na- poleon's sons (which were many) surely have been for- given him by the King of kings and Lord of lords. "Nap"once shot a publisher. Honi Soit Qui Mal Y Pense Also, I have been making the re-acquaintance of thatfascinating classic, Southey's "Life of Nelson." From thislatter, I learn that after the death of Nelson, Englishladies were fond of wearing the Trafalgar garter, on whichwas inscribed the memorable signal, "England expectsevery man will do his duty." In the Landes Hubert Crackanthorpe CINCE sunrise I had been traveling—along the straight- stretching roads, white with summer sand, intermin- ably striped by the shadows of the poplars, across thegreat, parched plain, where, all the day's length, the heatdances over the waste land, and the cattle bells float theirfar-away tinkling; through the desolate villages, emptybut for the beldames, hunched in the doorways, pullingthe flax with horny, tremulous fingers; and on towardsthe desolate silence of the flowerless pine-forests.And there the night fell. The sun went down uijseen;a dim flickering ruddled the host of tree-trunks, and thedarkness started to drift through the forest. The roadgrew narrow as a foot-path, and the mare, slackening herpace, uneasily strained her white neck ahead . . .Out of the darkness a figure sprang beside me. A shoutrang out—words of an uncouth patois that I did notunderstand. And the mare terrified, galloped forward,snorting and swerving, from side to side . .And a strange superstitious fear crept upon me—adreamy dread of the future; a helpless presentiment ofevil days to come; a sense, too, of the ruthless nullityof life, of the futile deception of effort, of bitter revoltagainst the extinction of death; a yearning after faithin some vague survival beyond . . .And the words of the old proverb returned to memockingly, "The eye is not satisfied with seeing, nor isthe ear with hearing." D'Annunzio Beaten to it Maxim Gorky was so shocked receiving the news of thedeath of Tolstoy that he fainted, and after he had cometo again, he refused to eat and to drink for several days.This story was related to the great Gabriel D'Annunzio.He exclaimed: "What a great co-incidence?—lt is justwhat I had intended to do, to pay to the deceased Masterproper homage." Michael Monahan. What is in human nature that makesmen love to grovel before fetiches of fleshor stone? Nothing is more certain thanthat millions prefer such prostration to thenoblest dignity and freedom. To kowtowto any fool drest in a little brief authority,—this is one of the strongest and most deep- ly rooted of human instincts; it is also thechief obstacle to human progress. No doubtit harks back to those early ages of theworld, and some not so remote, when Fearand Superstition were the supreme govern- ing forces. And tho the substance of thesebe long since gone, the shadow still affrightsus. J.F. MacCarthy: Engraver, Connoiseur and Antiquarian T.W. Paige Harriette White Paige James William Paige Harriette Story Paige IWJacCARTHY was an engraver with the soul of anartist and the likely inherited inclination to collectbeautiful things. Had he been a millionaire he would 1have been renowned all over the world as a collector ofart objects. But the man who is engraving plates usuallydoes not acquire the fortunes that await a steel manu- facturer or an oil dealer. He was contented with his life,But he felt really happy after he had succeeded in com- bining his passion for paintings and beautiful old chinawith his daily task of earning a livelihood for himself andhis family. Little by little he drifted into selling thethings which he had originally bought following thatmysterious desire of the born collector to possess, if some- how possible, whatever struck his fancy. Soon he pickedup things with the purpose of showing them to fellowcollectors interested in this particular kind of objects.'And to-day he has one of the most interesting antiquariancabinets in the city. You wouldn't call his place a shop.It is an old fashioned mansion, No. 30 West 46th Street,where he occupies the ground floor.Old fashioned paintings are on its walls right nextto the modern work of contemporary artists. Curiousthings on shelves and in cases, old bronzes, porcelains, 4books here and there, but of the utmost interest in theshop, is he himself, MacCarthy. He is the impersonationof kindliness. Foreign to him is that characteristic ofour average art dealer to get everything at the cheapestpossible prices; to exploit the ignorance of people whosell, as well as of those who purchase. He is kind tothe artist who wishes to dispose of his work. He is in- dulgent to the old lady who decided after a long fight withherself, with her pride and with her creditors to part with some of her family nelics. The old silhouettes,j family portraits, snuff boxes, and hundreds of other thingsl|ie acquires are to him not only wares which he expectsjto sell with profit, but they are also objects of his collectionwith which he parts very often reluctantly whenever theI occasion presents itself.And what curious things he finds. There is, forinstance, an excellent portrait of Nathan Hale's father,the only likeness as far as known at present, in existence.The silhouettes we are reproducing on this page is agroup of an old Boston family. They are made by August*Amanat Constance Fidele Edouart, one of the famoussilhouette artists of the eighteenth century. Born injjPunkirk in 1788, he went to London in 1815. He wassilhouettist to the Royal family. He made a tripMo the United States in 1839. The great eclat withI which he was received in all the important cities which he| visited induced him to remain on American soil for ten{years. He silhouetted everyone here of any prominenceif from the President down. His work is represented in■ almost all of the European silhouette collections in mu- jpeums and galleries.1 There is a row of Pennell; his beautiful pen and inkdrawings are on one of his walls. We are reproducingtwo most characteristic of the artists workmanship. Dur- ing the recent bazaar for the Allies, MacCarthy boughtmany things by contemporary artists. This sketch of theman who made Buster Brown famous in all the nurseriesof the United States is too good to be given over to thesole enjoyment of the lucky one who will eventually[purchase it. In Our Village Genius and Insanity The Greatest Collection of Insane Artists' Works A word to our own followers of all sorts of "Isms" Guido Bruno INCLINATION to art and artistic occupations arevery common characteristics of insane people.Despite the fact that the strong desire to express con- cretely thoughts and delusions is the constantly notedsymptoms of certain mental diseases, mental specialistshave paid little attention in recent years to this importantphase in their patients' condition.The most complete collection of works of insane artistswas assembled in 1880 by Maxim Ducamp and C. Lom- broso, the eminent psychologists, in the University InsaneAsylum of Turin, Italy. One hundred and seven insaneartists were represented in this unique collection. Ofthese, 46 were painters, 10 were sculptors, 11 were en- gravers, 13 were architects and 27 were designers, en- gaged in allegorical works.From the psychopathic standpoint, of these 107 insaneartists, 25 suffered from meglomania, 21 from alcoholicdelirium, 24 from melancholia in all stages, 22 from tem- porary insanity, 5 from moral insanity, and 2 were epilep- tics. Most of the painters, previously to their illness, hadbeen engaged in art studies. It may be easily understoodthat these men, who had been engaged in work whichfascinated them, developed a high degree of sensitivenessfor the special branch of art in which they had been in- terested. The others of the 107 had been students, offi- cers, Catholic priests and mechanics, occupations whichbrought them to a greater or less extent in contact withworks of art.C. Lombroso, in the Archivio di Psichiatria ScienzeLegali, has on record the results of his studies of theart of the insane and illustrates his lectures with picturesof his exhibition. These comprise masterpieces of insaneartists collected from all insane asylums of Europe.In the insane asylum of Perugia, Italy, there was apainter inmate who suffered from alcoholism. Before hewas committed to the institution he had been a wellknown portrait artist. His peculiarity was the odd useof red color in all of his portraits. He painted always inprofile, characterising nose, mouth and forehead in sharplycurved lines, and applying his color combination veryheavily to produce a novel effect upon the student of hisworks. All of his portraits appeared degenerated, asthough they were likenesses of habitual drunkards. Thiswas a very singular case, since most insane portrait paint- ers employ yellow as their favorite color.At the insane asylum of Siena, Italy, the architect "L,"very well known in his time, spent the latter part of hislife. He lost entirely the sense for proportions in hiswork and reproduced drafts of subjects without shapeand without form.The same disease, however, which suppresses in theunfortunate man or woman victim certain very importantcharacteristics for art, creates new powers in the insaneand endows them with peculiar abilities.There was a patient in the insane asylum of Toulon,France, an alcoholic of the worst kind. He was an artistwho had lost his sense of color distinction during the course of his disease. He had a desire to paint and wasconscious of his inability to differentiate colors and, hence,painted entirely in white. During the last year of hislife, being drunk day and night, he produced some of themost famous snow scenes ever executed in France. Threeof his pictures, found among his belongings after he haddied in the asylum and unsigned, are hung in the Louvrein Paris. They are famous the world over as snowscenes, and students come from far and near to copy themasterpieces.Straight line objects, uniformly and cylindrically shaped,like childrens' toy building blocks possess an unusual fas- cination for insane artists. In Macerata, Italy, there wasonce an insane artist, suffering from megalomania, whohad collected in the course of years thousands of pencils,sticks of wood and little building blocks. His mania wasto arrange his toys in very irregular and formless fashions.Then, with the accuracy of an expert copyist he draftedhis creations on paper with charcoal and labeled themwith the most weird and fascinating names. One ofthese characteristic drawings is preserved in Turin. It iscalled "The Ascension to Heaven"; the portrayal of ajumbled heap of pencils roughly piled upon a stairwaywhich hangs in mid-air.The originality, says Lombroso in one of his disserta- tions, of all these works of art is absolutely striking. It isastonishing, like the drawing of a four-year-old child whotries to draw a cow after its first trip to the country. Theoutline of the child's picture can be understood only bythose who take an interest in the child and who study itsways of expressing thought—who know what it meanswhen it utters the funny conglomeration of vocals andconsonants, naming things in its own symbolical way.Few besides the mother of the child will recognize in theshapeless lines drawn by her darling the cow pointed outa few days previously.The physician should make not merely a diagnosis afterstudying the patient's symptoms, but also study and ana- lyze the logic in thinking caused by the disease. He thendoes not find it difficult to be the Cicerone in the art gal- lery containing the insane artists' paintings.Patients suffering from megalomania or melancholiafrequently have delusions which make them sad, suspiciousand distrustful. They feel the desire to communicate theirfeelings to others, but often do not dare to do so. Theinsane artist who labors under such delusions is inclined toexecute modeling work and it is in these moods that mostof the masterpieces of insane artists are created.Under no circumstances will the insane artist explainhis picture when asked its meaning. He will listen to nocritic and declines positively to enter into any argumentor discussion of his paintings. He declares emphaticallythat this or that work of art represents an expression ofhis feelings—is a true picture of some object existing or tobe created in the near future.In cases where the painting was a copy of somethingreally existing and the artist is confronted with the orig- inal and asked whether he does not see the difference be- tween the original and the copy, he will simply state thathis picture is his way of looking at the object. "Whatyou see now will appear to you some time as my picture now appears," he will say. "My picture is simply a'future' picture of the subject."The name "futurists" has its origin in the reports of thesuperintendent of the insane asylum at Pavia, Italy. Thereport was published November, 1866, for the currentyear.And so it is: A voice predicting the future, speakingto us when we study the paintings of children and of in- sane artists.The child has his life before it.The voice of the future is nature's prediction of genius.The insane artist has his life behind him.He has returned to his childhood.He has adopted childish ways of receiving impressionsand giving them to others.If his life would be long enough to permit him to gothrough the entire process of evolution, as the child willpass through, there might not only be the chance but thewell-grounded hope of some great future work to come.But, as it is, the mental capacity is reduced to the orig- inal state of the first years of his life.The childish condition retrogrades in a similar way.Soon even the childlike, correct and logical but untrainedmethod of thinking will be lost in the dark night of in- sanity.The insane futurist will die in the progress of his dis- ease and leave only his work, valuable in its significanceas the product of an insane artist. IN that picturesque part of New York made immortalby O. Henry, the great romancier and short-story tellerof "The Bagdad on the Subway" Miss Margaret Porter,his daughter, married last week. Cesare, best cartoonist we have in New York at present, the blonde Viking witha ruddy pink complexion, was the chosen one. MissPorter, several weeks ago, made her bow to story readersas Miss O. Henry, and Cesare left The Sun almostimmediately after Mr. Munsey got his clutches upon thisold metropolitan newspaper, which he combined withhis New York Press. He joined the staff of the NewYork Evening Post. Charles Peters returned recently from Servia with manyhundreds of drawings done on the battlefields of theBalkans and in France. Two missions had led him tothe seat of war. He rendered his services to the American-Servian Auxiliary Committee whose chief purpose hadbeen to supply the Servian field hospitals with Rontgenmachines. Of course he did not leave behind his sketchbooks. He contemplates an exhibition of his work in thenear future.Jack Flanagan's exhibition will be tacked to the wallsof Bruno s Garret until July 30th. Every afternoon,from one till four, this exhibition is open to the public.Louise Allison is the self appointed patroness of Sheri- dan Square. Ably assisted by Jack MacGrath she willtry to reguild the time-worn splendor of this once aristo- cratic Square. She isn't quite prepared to disclose herfuture activities but there will be cabaret, a tea houseand a quaint dancing place.Edith Unger has a charming "drop-in-after-dinner- place." The color scheme of that little basement of hersis fascinating. Alfred Ernest Keet is again among us. After eightyears of varied activity in the West, he settled in NewYork in 1893, joining the Editorial Staff of "The Forum"in succession to Ernest Lambert, formerly Secretary tothe late Hon. Whitelaw Reid. He became a shareholderand secretary to the Board of Directors, and was appointedthe editor of the review in 1895. In September, 1897,he joined the editorial staff of the "Atlantic Monthly,"becoming also one of Houghton Mifflin and Co.'sliterary advisers. In November, Mr. Astor appointedhim the American publisher, manager and consulting edi- tor of his various English publications. Several yearslater- a sudden and very severe nervous breakdown necessi- tated a rest. For two years he travelled widely, visitingth Far East, attending the Tycho Brahe celebration onthe Island of Hven, etc. Books and Magazines of the Week Oscar Wilde's "Reading Gaol" Oscar Wilde Frank Harris, through his remarkable "Life of OscarWilde and His Confessions" revived the interest in OscarWilde and his writings all over the country. Wilde's bestknown work undoubtedly is his "Ballad of ReadingGaol." Mr. P. F. Madigan, the well-known collectorof autographs, permitted me the reprinting of the follow- ing letter of Oscar Wilde, relating to his first Englishand American edition of this greatest of all the epics inthe English language:To Leonard Smithers, Esq.51 Santa Lucia,Jan. 9th, '98. My Dear Smithers:The revise has never arrived and I have waited fromday today for it. To wait longer would be foolish. Iam sure it is all right, as regards your suggestion, orrequest that I should revert to in God's sweet worldagain instead of for weal or woe again—(Canto II some- where). Certainly, Pray make the correction yourself.Second thoughts in art are always, or often worst. TheC. 3. 3. I enclose seems excellent. The C. T. W. ofIn Memoriam page was better larger, as before, "trooper"(same page) should have a capital T.I think that "in the Royal Horse Guards" should beuof the Royal Horse Guards. I don't know, however,you might ask. "Of" seems nicer.The Cover, etc., I leave to you. The post here isimpossible, so pray, bring it all out as soon as possible,without further consultation. I, as all poets, am safein your hands. As regards America, I think it wouldbe better now to publish there without my name. I seeit is my name that terrifies. I hope an edition of somekind will appear. I cannot advise about what should bedone, but it seems to me that the withdrawal of my nameis essential in America, as elsewhere, and the public likean open secret. Half of the success of Maria Corelli isdue to the, no doubt, unfounded rumour that she is awoman. In other respects pray do as you like about Amer- ica, but do see that there is some edition. I have hadmany misfortunes since I wrote to you, Influenza, therobbery during my absence in Sicily, of all my clothes, etc.,by a servant whom I left at the Villa, ill-health, loneliness, and general ennuij with a tragi-comedy of an existence—but I want to see my poem out before I take steps,Sincerely yours, Ernest Dowson POOR Ernest Dowson through his sufferings is be- coming almost as famous as that earlier unhappy poetwho by self-destruction set apart his life in the sorrowfulannals of literature. There were perhaps two Chatter- tons—who, at this long distance of time, can tell ? Therewere certainly two Dowsons—one the vexed and tornspirit of the biographers, of Mr. Sherard and Mr. ArthurSymons, the other a Dowson "intime," known, I ventureto think, to very few, but by those few, greatly loved.This intimate and perhaps essential Dowson appears,I am convinced, in these thirty or so letters, now for thefirst time published in full or in part. In them no uglyslur of passion, no ill savours, are to be found. Insteadwe are refreshed by fragrance—transient and slight, per- haps, yet evident—by fragrance, be it said again, and byan unfailing touch of good breeding, a gracious and in- sistent air of modesty—by something different, boyishlysly, often beautiful and noble.To me the re-reading of these letters of his brings backmy friend as I knew him and love to remember him—the gentleman, the kindly, charming, boyish friend, thescholar, the exquisite poet. I read and re-read throughtears, and lay them down when I can see no more.Frater, ave atque vale!Preface to Ernest Dowson, 1883 to 1897, Reminiscencesand unpublished letters and Marginalia by Victor Plarr,with a bibliography compiled by H. Guy Harrison.Laurence J. Gomme, Publisher, New York, one dollar. Bookplate Book The American Bookplate Society announces the publi- cation of a volume dealing with the bookplates by thelate George W. Eve, written and compiled by Mr. GeorgeHeath Viner.The artist's work will require no introduction, especiallyto bookplate connoisseurs by whom his work has longbeen highly prized and appreciated. To those unacquaint- ed with it, the information may be of interest that the artistwas a Fellow of the Royal Society of Painters-Etchers;the author of two books, Decorative Heraldry and Her- aldry as. Art; that he frequently lectured on art and thathe executed, among other famous works, bookplates forQueen Victoria, King Edward, and King George, as wellas work for the Welsh Investiture and many importantgovernment and private commissions. The Lion's Mouth Jack Carney IVe thank you for the compliment and njue only wish it weretrue, especially that private car of ours.July 11th, 1916.Washington Square BenchesBetween 12 p. m.and 6 a. m. | My Dear Bruno:Why I should be so familiar, heaven only knows,You suggest a novel solution to the Busmen's strike, and Ihave no doubt your supercillious following, will applaud thisyour latest stunt. The world to-day is in a deplorable state,* artist and Bohemian friends of mine stand facing each otherwith rifle and bayonet as foes. Over 100,000 girls in England,will give birth to children. Their "fathers" have left theirmothers in the lurch. Hundreds of young men have been| rendered physically unfit for life. In New York your school1 children are going to be taught to kill. I have visited Scotland,England, Wales, Ireland, Canada, France and America; stillthe passions of war are uppermost in the people's minds, aftertwenty months of the bloody contest between the Allies andGermany.You, Bruno, object to the Buses running through WashingtonSquare, in the usual selfish nature of our "intellectual" freaks.It is because men like yourself, possessed with a mightier powerthan the sword, the power of the pen, have prostituted your- selves. You ride about in a motor-car. The poor devils thatcome nightly to Washington Square, cannot afford a motor-car,so they pay ten cents and enjoy a ride on a bus, in the sameway that you enjoy a ride in a motor-car. These poor devilshave committed a terrible crime, they have allowed themselvesto be born from a poor family.Bruno, just begin to be an artist and a real writer. Tell thepeople to get out of the slums, just show them the way out, butfor heaven's sake do not tell them to go back to them. Thereal artist, like William Morris, wants a beautiful world forall, but they know that while one part is hideous the effect ofthe beautiful part is hidden. Bring Frank Harris into yourconfidence and let Frank give us something more like he used todo. London is lost without Frank. Fleet St. feels his loss, Imean the real Fleet St. Bohemian, not the prostitutes of Car- melite House.Bruno, perhaps I might do better with your paper. Let mepublish it for one week.Yours for a free life, Marjorie Lucile Clark, of Yonkers, Admires Us r\ H, Guido Bruno, thy Weekly BookDoth feed the minds of men.Doth make them think,Doth bring the tear,To some, give cheer.But, oh; to those who sorrowingScan eagerly your pagesFor some balm of healing—Ah, Guido Bruno, knowest thou not pure joy? An Ardent Admirer of Poet Tarleton Winchester Somewhere in New York, July 13th, 1916.Dear Guido Bruno:Congratulations!!! Rarely does it fall to the lot of an Editorto be the discoverer of a real poet. What pride, what joy,must be yours I P.C.C. I have known him for more than a year; and because I likehim more than well I have studied him closely; yet never haveI even suspected that the object of my admiration and affectionis in truth a genius—born of Heaven—a veritable Prometheussnatching a bit of the Divine fire and bringing it to earth forthe betterment of mankind.Judge, then, my amazement when I read last night, in Vol.111., No. 4, those exquisite lines: "To Fourteenth Street." Whatdepth of feeling: what delicacy of expression: what beauty ofthought: what melody of rhythm are in those five lines!! Iknow now how Adam felt when he woke to find Eve besidehim. I can imagine him saying to himself: "What! Thatglorious creature MY RIB? Just to think: I've been luggingthat around all my life and never even knew it!" And so didI say to myself: "What! That chap a POET? Just to thinkrI've known him a year and never suspected it."There is but one regret. When so much can be given to theworld in five lines, it's a pity he did not write ten.Again I congratulate you—and ask that you convey my con- gratulations to him. I'd do it myself, but never more shallI approach him other than in a spirit of humility too deep topermit me to offer praise.Sincerely, p, s.—What in God's name does the poem mean? W.J. Lampton Drawing by Clara Tice That Inspired Colonel Bill Pillars of a Temple Beautiful,Hid in the dusk of darkness,But crowned with a light never-failing!Pillars supporting the mysteryVeiled in the shadow!Pillars which reelIn the joy of their upholdings!And, Heavens to Betsy,They've got on bloomers!! Lampton Bruno:— Poets are not polite propositions, are they?Otherwise I, a practical poet, would not have writtenwhat is herewith enclosed. You being an editor will notdare print them, so only you and I of all the world of imagery and imagisery will know of them. If Clara eversees them, both of us are done for—l for having writtenthem, and you for having shown them to her. There isa sacred bond betwixt us. Cave canem!!! Look out forVarna!!Yours, Let This Cup Pass Too, Oh Lord! Richard le Galienne Richard le Galienne celebrated his fiftieth birthday andhere is the letter in which he declined to give me an inter- view for this occasion: Rowayton, Conn. Saturday. Dear Mr. Bruno:—lt is bad enough to have attainedthe bad eminence of "fifty," without under-going anypublic celebration of the fact; though I am sure you wouldplace the laurel on my grizzling hair with a distinguishedgesture. So please excuse my declining the honor, muchas I appreciate your kindness in tendering it to me.Wait till I'm sixty! Between now and then, too, I hopeto have done something better worth writing about.*'Even in our ashes . . " you know.Yours sincerely, Jean By Orrick Johns Poet and Flower. By Djuna Barnes VER in Still Creek Valley, the trains rumbled allday long, going in and out of the city. On oneof the dirt streets running north from this smoking thor- oughfare lived Martin Hupp and his mother. They livedon the ground floor of a little two-storied house of redbrick, which had been painted over and over again. Onthe inside it looked like it had been half-scrubbed away.There were depressions in the floors where bristles andsoap had left their mark. Even the furniture lookedcolorless and grooved from too diligent cleaning. But oflate the dust had begun to settle, and the smoke from thetrains was awful, since there was no one to keep it downlike the old woman used to.The old woman was going off her head, and gettingweaker and nobody seemed to know what was the matterwith her at all. But Martin thought it was just old age,because she had always been like that, only now she wasworse. He had to begin doing the work and cookingsupper after he got home. She sat in her old chair andgrumbled at him. She said he was as worthless as hisfather had been before he died. "You couldn't use yourhands—none of you—and surely it wasn't from me yougot shiftless ways." Martin paid no attention to whatshe said, except sometimes to tell her to shut up; he waskeeping her and maybe they would do better by her at thehome for old folks. She said, "Mighty poor keeping."When his father was living he always saw him makeher stop nagging by slapping her. One time when hisfather was in a towering rage, he gave her a sound kiss,which was ridiculous to Martin, because they were bothso old. But she did not seem to like it, because she heldher tongue for two days. He guessed she had alwaysbeen bitter and wrinkled. He would have had to laughright out if anybody said she ever was pretty, or looked like girls looked. Because, when he first knew them, bothhis father and mother were old. He learned by theirtalk that he had a brother and a sister. They went awaysome time when he was little and the old people neveranswered whether it was for good or bad. They arguedabout them a lot, but they never seemed to have a goodword for them. When Martin did anything the oldwoman did not like, her tongue was a whip. "Your pawas just like you. His friends all got up in the world,but he sat still and dirtied the floor with his pipe. Heburnt a hole in my wedding dress. Don't you ever let mesee you bein' proud of yourself, Martin Hupp." Mr.Hupp once wrote a poem called "Billy McCann."On the day of Mr. Hupp's funeral she took Martinhome and told him all his father's faults. He thoughtit sounded like she was reading from the Scriptures. Itwas a joke, too, because—what good did it do? At theend she told him he inherited them all, and what's more,they would never leave him. She said: "You'd just aswell kill yourself as even look at a whiskey bottle." Shesaid not one of her children had red hair, as she had,which was proof enough for her. It had always been asign in her family that only the red-heads turned outright. Martin was satisfied God meant people to bebitter like his mother and not to like anything. Evenwhen people worked hard she grumbled, too. He toldher, what if he did work, she jumped him anyhow—andhis hands scarred from the cutting when he came homelate every night to do housework.She said Johnny Mcßride was making more money thanhe—the Bentz woman told her. "The Bentz womanis a liar, because I caught her in more than one," heanswered. He thought he had reason for hating Johnnj-Mcßride, as he always did. He knew if he stayed theretalking to her like that any longer he would be sorry hehad not left her sooner, so he went to bed. He wantedto slam the door as 'he went out, but his hand brought itto silently. He held his feet in both hands in bed andwondered where to get the money for her funeral.In his work he had all day to run a knife on leathersheets, cutting out parts that, later, were sewed into thebody of the shoe. The knife was sharp and it was tempta- tion to work fast. He could hardly remember a day hedid not get a fresh mark on his hand where the knife wentwrong. Martin was the clumsiest cutter in the factor}*He knew, because everybody seemed to try to keep fromtalking to him about it. His mother said it was too skill- ful a kind of work for a Hupp. He sometimes stopped hisears so as not to hear what she said, but when he heardher he always had to believe her. After she scolded himhe always worked harder. The company said they wouldgive a prize to whoever did the best work for some specialshoes. Everybody did their best and held their breathuntil they found out who won. One day a man camein and said Martin won. They were all so surprised theydid not even ask to look what he got. He put it in hispocket right away. It was a red-colored medal with ashoe on one side. He was afraid to show it to his mother.But at last he threw it on the table as though he did notcare about it and told her how he got it. She onlylaughed at it. "Now, you'll be getting the big head anddoing things worse and worse. It's better to be makin'things like that. Nobody was ever any good that ever won anything.'*In March, one night, when it was still cold, Martinwas setting the table. Everything was clean and tied upall over the house. He asked his mother if she had beenmoving around some,"I ain't been out of this chair, and you didn't evenbring me a newspaper, though Lord knows there's nuthin'in 'em," she said. "You're thinkin' about the house- cleanin'; if you wouldn't be hidin' your thoughts andwould ever tell the truth. You're a suspicious one. Well,it wasn't me that done it, as you might see if you lookedat that pile of dust over there, which I've been seein'right under my nose all day long, and at the bed pulledout that ain't been half pushed back. You're a smartone puttin' that skinny Mcßride girl up to comin' in herand doin' my work."Martin did not say anything then. The Mcßridegirl spoke to him so sharply, he wondered why she hatedhim. But he felt like going right out of the house to findher. He told his mother, after he thought, that he wasglad the Mcßride girl knew something. She said: "Youneedn't go on about it, boy. If any more strangers comearound my house actin' like they don't have work of theirown to do, I know how to make 'em feel they're notwanted. Charity is for folks that ask for it, and whenother people do your work look out for trouble. I'mnot hankerin' for more than I've got and you'll have tobe sendin' her away." She stopped and looked at Martinso hard he thought she was getting ready to jump up athim. "Martin, the most wicked thing you could dowould be marryin" she said.He ate everything in sight that she left, and ran downthe street. The back door of the Mcßride house wasclosed and the kitchen was dark. Somebody struck amatch. In a few minutes Jean came to the door'and said,"Oh, Martin Hupp." He pulled his cap off his tousledhair. "Are you drunk?" she said. "I mean becausefather is, and you never came to see me before." Martinasked her to go to the picture show. "I don't like them,you know," she said. "All the other girls do and I don'tsee why you asked me instead of them." She held out ahandful of her pale, yellow hair, laughing. "I've justwashed it; smell it. It smells like soap. It'll look awful.Shall we go to the one that's just opened?"She told Martin to wait outside. He thought he wasafraid of her—she talked just like his mother, about any- thing that came into her head. Anyway, if she saidanything again about not wanting to go with him—hewould just walk away from her. He thanked her firstfor helping his mother, as soon as she came back. Hethought she acted ashamed. Everybody called her ugly,and he guessed, after all, she was, though he could nothelp looking at her.After he thanked her, they were both silent, and thenJean laughed. ."She hates me awful," she said. "Youcan't tell me she's your mother, because I never thoughtyou looked like her at all. I never do things when Ihave to ,do you? Unless somebody makes me. I did itbecause I just saw it made your mother mad. Mammamakes me sew, and I don't mind, because I put thingstogether wrong. I can't help. She has to do it all overagain." Fortieth Anniversary of The Custer Fight By Frank Fiske Fort Yates, N. Dak. IN this day and age when the greatest battles of theworld's history are being fought, it is hard for a busyman to keep posted on the rapid march of events. Inorder to be well informed on the progress of the severalconflicts now going on we cannot devote much time to astudy of the battles of a bygone day. And we are soaccustomed to hearing about the slaughter of men by thetens of thousands that a battle in which a few hundredmen are killed is given scant attention.But forty years ago all the world was interested in thecampaign of the United States troops against the SiouxIndians of the Northwest, and General G. A. Custer wasa national hero.On the 25th day-of June, 1876, the Seventh Cavalryunder command of Custer, met the Sioux Indians underGall, Crazy Horse, Inkpaduta, Black Moon and SittingBull. The Indian camp was found upon the west sideof the Little Big Horn River and was reached by Custer'scommand at about nine o'clock in the morning. Custersent Major Reno with three troops to attack it fromthe south, and Captain Benteen with three troops toprevent the Indians from retreating to the west, andCaptain McDougal with one troop was left to guard thepack train, while Custer, with five troops, moved to thenorth, down the river, to attack the camp at the upperend.Every school boy in the land knows what happened.Reno was forced to retreat to the east side of the riverwhere he entrenched his troops on the top of a hill. Hewas joined here by Benteen and McDougal, while Custerand his men were wiped out to the last man.While this fight may seem quite insignificant whencompared with our modern battles, the men who foughtand died there were every bit as brave as the heroes ofto-day.And so, in commemoration of the event, the fortiethanniversary of the fight was celebrated in a fitting manneron the battle field beside the picturesque Little Big HornRiver in Montana. White and Indian survivors of the troublous times of '76 met there to pass around the pipeof peace, and pledge themselves to an everlasting friend- ship and a solemn dedication of their services to the better- ment of the races, red and white.Reams and reams of paper have been filled with descrip- tions of the Custer Fight. Hours and hours, that havelengthened into many a long day have been spent bystudents of Indian warfare in telling just how it cameabout. The men who were in the country then, thesoldiers, scouts and trappers, each has had his own versionof the affair to tell, and nearly all of them have writtenbooks about it. There has been many an argument broughtup by these survivors, and many a question asked thathas remained unanswered, until one can hardly blamesome people who refuse to believe what they hear or halfthey see.I suppose that the aevarge reader of this article willnot believe that I have written the original copy on afield desk that was used by General Custer. The verydesk where he penned such glowing accounts of his travelsthrough the wild and untamed west. lam sure that manyof the old timers will say that it is not his desk, but Iwill continue to believe it is until presented with mightystrong evidence to the contrary.We have positive proof that Curly, the Crow scout, wasthe-only man with Custer's command who got out alive.But from time to time we see newspaper accounts of thediscoverer of "the only survivor of the fight." These"survivors" have amounted to quite a number, and ifthey could all be brought together, they would constitutea body of men far in excess of the number who actuallywere with Custer. Taking their word for it, we find thatnot a man was killed excepting the general, and we mayfind him bobbing up in some unexpected corner in thevicinity of one of our insane asylums, perhaps.Did Custer really wear long hair? Was it yellow?And did he wear a buckskin suit?At what time of day did the fight take place?Did the Indians know who they were fighting, andwhat they were fighting about? And did they mutilatethe dead? Read FRANK HARRIS' "LIFE OF OSCARWILDE AND HIS CONFESSIONS"Write for the prospectus which will be mailed to you free of charge by Frank Harris, 3 Washington Square, New York City Rare Books First EditionsExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association Books. Books for Christinas Gifts.Purchased singly or in sets lor people who have neither time nor opportunity to select for themselves,•r for those who have not access to the best book marts. Why not begin collecting now?Address, E. V. Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass.For Houses, Apartments or Rooms, SeePEPE &amp; BRO.REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE40 So. Washington SmnTelephone 4119 SpringCor. of MacDougal StreetBeing a bookINWH I C Hwe say just what we think. Published every month by Norman-Bel Geddes at 171 Wilson Avenuein Detroit, Michigan. It is a little book uniquely illustrated. Write for sample copy.I BUY BOOKSSingle volumes, small lots, and libraries; autograph letters of known literary men andartists, drawings, pictures and engravings. Address"COLLECTOR," Care of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Sq.ROSSI BROTHERS58 Washington SquareUnderneath the GarretICE CREAM AND TOBACCOThe Mad Hatter Has a Tea Party Every AfternoonFrom 3 to 6 at150 WEST FOURTH STREETJust Down the Rabbit Hole From Washington Square"Take Some More Tea""I've Had Nothing Yet So I Can't Take More""You Mean You Can't Take Less, It's Very Easy toTake More Than Nothing/'"Nobody Asked Your Opinion" Edith Unger.There can be no pleasanter place to hear that remarkableEdison Record Number (82536) thanTHE DIAMOND DISC SHOPat Number 10 Fifth AvenueiiIn this store, at least, the delightful atmosphere of Old Greenwich Village has not beenon die altar erf commercialismPhone: Stuyvesant 4570A postal will bring you, with our compliments,an interesting little biography of Mr. Then. A.Edison