Digital Transcription and Facsimile of Broom, Vol. 1, No. 1 (1921-11) naap_1921-11_01 Princeton University Library 3 types of paper (wrapper, inside, glossy image) 100 22.3 32 images are glued in Based on Century The back cover contains Broom logo cover in wrappers glued; inside stitched/sewn slightly damaged; taped Sold for 50 cents 10 lire 6 francs 2/6 . Circulation 300; Loeb papers say 150 copies were sold. Cornell University Library, embossed round seal. Acquired in 1972 by Edward Naumburg from Gotham Book Mart. Cost $12.50. Broom Harold A. Loeb edt pbl Alfred Kreymborg edt pbl Giuseppe Prezzolini edt pbl Broom pbl Librarie de France dst Ernesto Fratoni prt 'L'Universelle' Imprimerie Polyglotte, Roma prt 1 1 November 1921 18, Trinità dei Monti, Rome (6), Italy Three East 9th Street, New York New York Librarie de France 99 Boulevard Raspail Paris Broom Cover Design (Woodcut) E. Prampolini cre Illustration 1 Table of Contents 2 Lake Bayard Boyesen cre 3 Brooklyn Bridge Joseph Stella cre Illustration 4 Hunger. James Stephens cre 5 Marnia Wallace Gould cre 14 A Union of Beggars Manuel Komroff cre 19 Drawing of Igor Strawinsky Pablo Picasso cre Illustration 24 Portrait André Derain cre Illustration 25 Still Life Juan Gris cre Illustration 26 Painting Albert Gleizes cre Illustration 27 Chinese Poems of J. Wing J. Wing cre E. Powys Mathers cre 28 I. 28 2. 28-29 3. 29 4. 29 5. 29-30 6. 30 7. 30 8. 31 9. 31 IO. 31-32 II. 32 I2. 32 I3. 33 I4. 33 I5. 33-34 The Function of Criticism? Conrad Aiken cre 35-40 Drawing Bepi Fabiano cre Illustration 41 Drawing Frediano Frediani cre Illustration 42 Lilacs Amy Lowell cre 43 Sculpture. Jacques Lipchitz cre Illustration 47 He Laughed at the Gods James Oppenheim cre 48 Seguidilla Man Ray cre Illustration 56 In the Dock W. de la Mare cre 57 The Soul of an Artist J. D. Beresford cre 58 . The Second from the end is a peach. William Grapper cre Illustration 71 The Chess Game William Grapper cre Illustration 71 Hospital Nights Lola Ridge cre 72 Fairy Tale Donald Corley cre 74 Maple-Sugar Song Lew Sarett cre 78 Bambino's Beginning Haniel Long cre 82 Einstein and the Poets 86 Relativities EDW-N ARLIN-TON ROBINS-N cre 86 Canzone EZR- PO-ND cre 87 Advice to the Fourth Dimension MAXW-LL BOD-NHEM cre 88 Round ALFR-D KR-YMBORG cre 88 The Spell of the Electron ROB-RT SERV-CE cre 89 The Sagging Bough ROB-RT FR-ST cre 90 America Invades Europe Emmy Veronica Sanders cre 91-95 Broomides 96 International Composers Guild, Inc. Edgar Varèse cre 96 Notes: To the Translator Wallace Gould cre 97 The New Broom David O'Neil cre 98 Manifesto I. 99 Broom Image Illustration 100 "What of it, if some old hunks..." (from Moby Dick) 100 BROOM An International Magazine op the Arts Published by Americans in Italy Editors, Harold A. Loeb, Alfred Kreymborg - Associate Editor, Giuseppe Prezzolini NOVEMBER 1921. vol. 1, No. I Cover Design (Woodcut) — E. Prampouni. PaBe IyAKE — Bayard Boyesen ' 1 Brooklyn Bridge — Joseph Stella 2 Hunger — James Stephens 3 Marnia — Waeeace Goued 12 A Union Of Beggars — Manuee Komroff 17 Drawing Of Igor Strawinsky — Pabeo Picasso . . 22 Portrait — Andrf; Derain 23 Stiee IviFE — Juan Gris 24 Painting — Aebert Geeizes 25 Chinese Poems Of J. Wing — E. Powys Mathers 26 The Function Of Criticism ? — Conrad Aiken 33 Drawing — Bepi Fabiano. . .. 39 Drawing — Frediano Frediani 40 Lilacs — Amy 41 Sculpture — Jacques Ivlpchitz * 45 He Laughed At The Gods — James Oppenheim 46 Seguidieea — Man Ray . . . 54 In The Dock — W. De la Mare 55 The Soue Of An Artist — J. D. Beresford 56 Two Drawings — Wieijam Gropper 69 Hospital Nights — Lola Ridge 70 Fairy Tale — Donald Corley 72 Maple-Sugar Song — Lew Sarett . 76 Bambino's Beginning — Haniel Long 80 Einstein And The Poets — Louis Untermeyer 84 America Invades Europe — Emmy Veronica Sanders 89 Broomides : Communications From Edgar Varicse, Wallace Gould, David O'Neil .... 94 The Editors of Broom will be pleased to consider mss. submitted to them, but all mss. must be accompanied by 0 self-addressed stamped envelope. Mss. from Europe should be sent to the Rome office; mss. from America to the New York office, The Price of Broom is: For America, fifty cents the copy, and five dollars for a year's subscription. For Italy, 10 lire the copy, 100 lire for a year's subscription. For France, 6 francs the copy, 60 francs for a year's subscription. For Great Britain, 2/6 for the copy, One pound and five shillings for a year's subscription. The contents of this issue are protected by copyright, November 1921. Infringement of same will be prosecuted. Headquarters, 18, TrinitA dei Monti, Rome (6), Italy. New York Office, Three East Ninth Street. General Distributor For France, Belgium, and Holland, Ivlbrairie de France, 99 Bou - levard Raspail, Paris. 1 LAKE. There's too much selfhood in this lake : Though, varying, four streams partake In amber rushes till they break When softening confusions shake Identities into the lake. I know the four streams, all their ways; I've paddled in their amber sprays And flung them into bubbled praise Of sunlight; but I see too well The lake complacently will tell Only selfhood, nor admit How four streams engendered it. Bayard Boyesen. Joseph Stella. Brooklyn Bridge. 3 HUNGER. A DUBLIN STORY. On some people misery comes unrelentingly, with such a continuous rage that one might say destruction had been sworn against them, and that they were doomed beyond appeal, or hope. That seemed to her to be the case as she sat, when her visitor had departed, looking on life as it had moved about her, and she saw that life had closed on her and crushed her, and that there was nothing to be said about it, and no one to be blamed. She was four years married, and she had three children. One of them had fallen when he was quite young, and had hurt his back so badly that the dispensary doctor instructed her not to let him walk for a few years. She loved all her children, but this child she loved greatly, for, of the three she had to do the most for him. Indeed she had to do everything for him, and she loved to do it. He was the eldest and he was always with her : so were the others, of course, for a woman in needy circumstances can never get away from her children ; but the other youngsters were with her as screamings and demands, to be attended to and forgotten, while he was with her as a compan - ion eye, a consciousness to whom she could talk and who would reply to her, and who would not by any means get into mischief. He could not get into anything else either. Her husband was a housepainter, and when work was brisk he got good wages :he could earn thirty-five shillings a week when he was working. But his work was constant only in the summer months : through the bad weather there was no call for him, for no one wanted housepainting done in the winter &gt; and so the money which he earned in the five months had to be stretched and made to cover the remaining seven months of the year. Nor were these five months to be entirely depended upon : here and there in a week days would be missed, and with that his Society dues had to be paid, for he would pay those though he starved for it 4 Wages which have to be stretched so lengthily give but the slenderest sum towards a weekly budget: it was she who had to stretch them, and the doing of that occupied all the time she could spare for thinking. She made ends meet where nothing was but ends, and they met just over the death line of starvation. She had not known for three years what it was like not to be hun - gry for one day, but life is largely custom, and neither she nor her husband nor the children made much complaint about a condition which was normal for them all, and into which the children had been born. They could scarcely die of hunger for they were native to it: they were hunger, and there was no other hunger but them : and they only made a noise about food when they saw food. If she could have got work how gladly she would have taken it, how gladly she would have done it: sweated work, any work, so that it brought in if it was no more than two or three coppers in the day. But the children were there, three of them, and all were young and one was a cripple. Her own people, and those of her husband, lived, existed, far away in the country : they could not take the children off her hands : she could not give a neighbour anything to look after them while she went out working : she was held to them as fast as if she were chained to them, and, for to think in such cases is only to be worried, there was no use in thinking about it. She had already all the worry she could deal with, and she wanted no more. She remembered the tale she had laughed at, when she was young, about a woman who had been circumstanced as she was now : this woman used to put her two children into a box, for she had to go out every day to work in or - der that she might feed them, and she kept them in the box so that they might not injure themselves during her absence. It was a good idea, but the children came out of the box hunchbacks, and so stunted in their growth that it might be said they never grew thereafter. It would have been better for the chil - dren, and easier for them, if they had died ; anyhow, their mother died, and the poor little oddities went to the workhouse, and must all their lives have got all the jeers which their appearance sanctioned. There was nothing to be done ; even her husband had long ago given up thinking of how this could be arranged, and although she still and continually thought about it, she knew that nothing could be done. Her husband was a jolly man ; he used to make up lists of the gigantic feeds they would have when the ship came home (what ship he did not say, nor did he ever say that he expected one), and he or she or the children would remind each other of foods which had been left out of his catalogue, for no food of which they knew the name could justly be omitted from their future. He was a robust man, and could have eaten a lot if he got it; indeed he had often tempted his wife to commit an act of madness and have one wild blow- 5 out, for which, as she pointed out to him, they would have to pay by whole days of whole starvation, instead of the whole days of semi-hunger to which they were accustomed. This was the only subject on which they came near to quarrelling, and he brought it forward with fortnightly regularity. Sometimes she went cold at the thought that he might on some pay-day go in for a wild orgy of eating, and perhaps spend half-a-crown ; less than that sum could not nearly fill him, and the double of it would hardly fill him the way be wanted to be filled ; for he wanted to be filled as tightly as a drum, and with such a weight and abundance of victual that he could hardly be lifted by a crane. But he was an honourable man, and she knew he would not do this un - less she and the children were with him and could share and go mad with him. He was very fond of them, and if she could have fed him on her own flesh she would have sacrificed a slice or two, for she was very fond of him. The mild weather had come, and he got a cut in his hand, which festered and seemed stubbornly incurable : the reason was that the poor, gaunt man was not fed well enough to send clean blood down to doctor his cut hand ; but in the end he did get over it. But for three weeks be had been unable to work, for who will give employment to a man whose hand looks like a poultice or a small football ? The loss of these three weeks almost finished her. The distinguishing mark of her family had been thinness, it was now bonyness. To what a food-getting fervour she was compelled ! She put the world of rubbish that was about her through a sieve, and found nourishment for her family where a rat would have found disappointment. She could not beg, but she did send her two children into the street, and sometimes one of these got a copper from a passing stran - ger ; then that youngster gave out a loyal squeal for his c ompanion, like the call of a famished crow who warns his brothers that he has discovered booty; and they trotted home with their penny. The sun shone on the day they got a penny : on the days when they got nothing the sun might split the bricks, but it did riot shine. Her man returned to his work, and if she could hold on they would be able to regain the poverty of a few months previously, but which now beamed to her as distant, unattainable affluence. She could hold on, and she did; so that they tided feebly across those evil days, and came at last to the longed-for scarcity which yet was not absolute starvation, and whereby they could live in the condition of health to which they were accustomed, and which they re - cognised and spoke of as good-health. They could not absolutely come to this for at least a year; provision had 6 still to be made for the lean months to come, the winter months, and more than three weeks' wages which should have been skimmed in this precaution had been unprofitable, had not existed. The difference had to be made up by a double skimming of the present wage, which must also pay the present necessi - ties and recoup the baker and grocer for the few weeks' credit these shop peo - ple had given her. In all, their lot for a long time was not to be envied, except by a beast in captivity, and by him only because he lusts for freedom and the chance of it as we lust for security and the destruction of chance. The winter came—the winter will come tho' the lark protest and the worm cries out its woe ; and she entered on that period with misgiving, with resolution, and a facing of everything that might come. What bravery she had ! What a noble, unwearying courage, when in such a little time and as such small la - bour she might have died ! But such an idea never came to her head. She looked on the world, and she found that the world was composed of a man and three children; while they lasted she could last, and when they were done it would be time enough to think of personal matters and her relation to things. Before the summer had quite ended, before autumn had tinted a leaf, the war broke out, and with its coming there came insecurity : not to her, not to them : they had no standard to measure security by; it came to the people who desire things done, who pay to have doors varnished and window-frames painted. These people drew silently but resolutely from expense ; while he and she and the children sunk deeper into their spending as one wallows into a bog. The prices of things began to increase with a cumulative rapidity, and the quality of things began to deteriorate with equal speed. Bread and the eater of it came to a grey complexion. Meat got the cut direct instead of the direct cut. The vegetables emigrated with the birds. The potato got a rise in the world and recognised no more its oldest friends. There seemed to be nothing left but the rain, and the rain came loyally. They, those others, could retrench and draw in a little their horns, but from what could she go back ? What could she avoid ? What could she eli - minate, who had come to the bare bone and shank of life ? The necessity for the loaf comes daily, recurs pitilessly from digestion to digestion, and with the inexorable promptitude of the moon the rent collector wanes and waxes. They managed : she and he managed : work still was, although it was spaced and intervalled like a neglected storm-blown hedge. Here was a week and there another one, and from it they gleaned their spare constricted ex - istence. They did not complain : those who are down do not complain. Nor did they know they were down; or, knowing it, they did not admit their downness; 7 for to face a fact is to face with naked hands a lion, and to admit is to give in, to be washed away and to be lost and drowned; anonymous, unhelpable, alive no more, but debris, or a straw which the wind takes and sails or tears or drifts or rots to powder and forgetfulness. A bone in a world of bones ! And they gnawed these bones until it seemed that nothing moved in the world or was alive except their teeth. The winter came, and his work stopped as it always did in that season ; he got jobs cleaning windows, he got jobs at the docks hoisting things which not Hercules nor the devil himself could lift, but which he could lift, or which his teeth and the teeth of his children detached from the ground as from founda - tions and rivettings ; he got a job as a coalman, and as a night-watchman sit - ting in the angle of a black street before a bucket of stinking coal which had been a fire until the rain put it out; to-day he had a job, but tomorrow and for a week he had none. With what had been saved, skimmed, strained from the summer wages, and with what came from the jobs, and with the pennies the children unearthed from strangers as though they dug in those loath souls for coin, they lived through the winter, and did not feel they had passed through any experience worth recording, or that their endurance might have been rewarded with medals and a pension. They were living, as we all manage amazing to live, and, if others had an easier time that was their chance ; but this was their life, and there were those who were even worse off than they were ; for they paid the rent, and when that was done what a deed had been accomplished, how notable an enemy circumvented ! The Spring came, but it brought no leaves to their tree; the Summer came but it did not come to them, nor warn them of harvest and a sickle in the yield There was no building done that summer ; the price of material had gone up and the price of wages. The contractors did not care for that prospect, and the client thought of his income-tax and decided to wait. And her husband had no work ! He had almost given up even looking for work. He would go out of the house and come into the house, and he and she would look at each other in a dumb questioning. Sometimes she would say — not that she had anything to say, but to ease his heart with a comradely word — " Any chance to-day, do you think ? " and he would reply : " Chance ! " and sit down and brood upon that lapsing word. They were not angry, they had not the blood to be angry with; for wrath you must be well fed or you must be drunk. The youngest child died of a disease which, whatever it was at the top, was hunger at the bottom, and she grew terrified. She heard that there was work to be had in plenty in the Munition Factories in Scotland, and by some means she gathered together the fare and sent her husband across the sea. 8 " Write, if yon can, " said she, " the minnte you get a place. " "Yes," he replied. " And send us what you can spare, " she said. Send something this week if you can. " " Yes, " he said ; and he went away. Then she went into the streets to beg. She left the boy behind in his chair, and brought the other little one with her. She was frightened, for one can be arrested for begging, and she was afraid not to beg, for one can die of hunger. She got a penny here and a penny there, and bought bread ; some - times even she got a twist of tea: she could manage until the end of the week, until her man sent the money : she had thoughts of singing at the corners of streets, as she had so often seen done by toneless, ashenfaced women, who creak rusty music at the passer, and fix him with their eyes ; but she was ashamed, and no song that she could remember seemed suitable, and she only could re - member bits of songs ; and she knew her voice would not work for her, but would creak and mourn like a rusty hinge. Her earnings were small, for she could not get in touch with people ; they recognised her at a distance as a beggar, and she could only whisper to the back of a head or a cold shoulder. Sometimes when she went towards a person that person instantly crossed the road and walked for a while hastily. Sometimes people fixed upon her a cold, prohibitive eye, and she drew back from them humbled, her heart panting and her eyes hot at the idea that they took her for a beggar. At times someone, without glancing at her, stuck a hand in a pocket and gave her a penny without halting in their stride. One day she got twopence, one day she got sixpence, one day she got nothing. But she could hold out to the end of the week. The end of the week came, but it brought no letter. " It will come tomor - row, " she said ; " he is in a strange country ; he must have missed the post, God help him ! " But on the following day there was no letter, and on the day after, and the day that succeeded to it there was no letter. "He... ! " she said. But she could not speculate on him. She knew him too well, and this was not him ; he could no more leave them in the lurch than he could jump across Ireland in one jump. " He has not got work ", she said ; and she saw him strayed and stranded, without a hand, without a voice, bewildered and lost among strangers ; going up streets and down streets, and twisting himself into a maze, a dizziness of loneliness and poverty and despair, or, she said, " The submarines had blown up the ship that was coming with the money. " The week went by, another came, and still she did not hear from him. She was not able to pay the rent. She looked at the children, and then she looked 9 away from them distantly to her strayed husband, and then she looked inwardly on herself and there was nothing to see. She was down. No littlest hope could find a chink to peer through, and while she sat staring at nothing, in an immo - bile maze of attention her mind — she had no longer a heart, it had died of star - vation — her mind would give a leap and be still, and would leap again as though an unknown, wordless action were seeking to be free, seeking to do some work, seeking to disprove stagnation and powerlessness and death, and a little burn - ing centre of violence hung in her head like a star. She followed people with her eyes, sometimes a little way her feet, saying to herself : " The pockets of that man are full of money; he would rattle if he fell. " Or, " That man had his breakfast this morning, he is full of food to the chin ; he is round and tight and solid, and he weighs a ton. She said : " If I had all the money of all the people in this street I would have a lot of money. " She said: "If I owned all the houses in this street I would have a lot of money. " The rent collector told her imperatively that she must leave at the end of the week. The children called to her for bread clamourously, unceasingly, like little dogs that yap and whine and cannot be made to stop. Relief kitchens had been started in various parts of the City, but she only heard of them by chance, and she went to one. She told a lady in attendance her miserable tale, and was given the address of a gentleman who might assist her. He could give her a ticket which would enable her to get food, and he might be able to set her in the way of earning what would pay the rent. The lady thought her husband had deserted her, and said so without condemnation, as one who states a thing which had been known to happen, and the poor woman agreed without agreeing, for she did not believe it. But she did not argue about the matter, for now that she accepted food, she accepted anything that came with it, whether it was opinions or advice ; she was an acceptor, and she did not claim to possess even an opinion. She set out for the house of the gentleman who could give her the ticket which would get her food to bring home to the children. He lived at some dis - tance, and when she got to his house the servant told her he had gone to his office ;at his office she was informed that he had gone out. She called three times at the office, and on the third time she was told that he had come in, but had gone home. She trudged to his house again, and would have been weary, but that her mind was far away from her trudging feet, and when the mind is away the body matters nothing. Her mind was back in the rooms looking at the children, listening to them, consoling them, telling them that 10 in a little while she would be back and she would bring them something. They had not eaten anything for—how long was it ? Was it a year ! An eternity ! Had they ever eaten ! And one of them was sick! She must get back : she had been away too long : but she must go forward before she could go back : she must get the ticket which was food and hope and a new beginning, or at least respite ; then she would be able to look about her; the children would go to sleep, and she could plan and contrive and pull together those separated and dwindling ends. She came to the gentleman's house. He was in, and she told him her story and how her case was desperate. He also believed that her husband had deserted her, and he promised to write by that night's post to find out the truth about the man, and to see that he was punished for his desertion. He had no tickets with him ; he had used them all, for the hungry people in Dublin were numerous, work was slack everywhere, and those who had never before ap - plied for assistance were now forced to do so by dire and dreadful necessity. He gave her some money, and promised to call at her rooms on the follow - ing day to investigate her case. She went homewards urgently, and near home she bought bread and tea. When she got in the crippled boy turned his dull, dumb eyes on her, and she laughed at him excitedly, exultantly, for she had food, lots of it, two loaves of it; but the other child did not turn to her, and would never turn to her again, for he was dead, and he was dead of hunger. She could not afford to go mad, for she still had a boy, and he depended on her with an utter helpless dependence. She fed him and fed herself, run - ning from his chair to the other in its cot with the dumb agony of an animal who must do two things at once and cannot think which thing to do. She could not think ; she could hardly feel; she was dulled and distressed and wild, and she was weakened by misery and tormented by duties, and life and the world seemed a place of businesses and futilities and unending unregulated demands on her. A neighbour, hearing that curious persistent trotting over her head, came up to the room to remonstrate, and remained to shed for her the tears which she could not weep herself. She, too, was in straits, and had nothing more to give them than those tears and the banal reiterations which are comfort because they are kindness. Into this place the gentleman called on the following day to investigate, and was introduced to a room swept almost as clean of furniture as a dog ken - nel is ; to the staring, wise-eyed child who lived in a chair, and to the quiet morsel of death that lay in a cot by the wall. He was horrified, but he was used to sights of misery, and knew that when things have ceased to move they must be set moving again, and that all he could do was to remove some of the 11 impediments which he found in the path of life so that it might flow on before it had time to become stagnant and rotten. He took from the dry-eyed, tongue - tied woman's shoulders all the immediate worry of death and arranged about the death certificate and registration and burial. He paid the rent, and left something to go on with as well, and he promised to get her work either in his house or at his office, but he would get her work to do somehow. He came daily, and each day, in reply to her timid question as to news about her husband, he had nothing to say except that enquiries were being made. On the fifth day he had news, and he would have preferred any duty, however painful, to the duty of telling her his news. But he told it sitting on the one chair, with his hand over his eyes and nothing of his face visible ex - cept the mouth which shaped the sentences and spoke them. The munition people in Scotland had reported that a man of the name he was enquiring for had applied for work, and had been taken on a fortnight after his application. The morning after he began work he was found dead in a laneway. He had no lodgings in the city, and at the postmortem examination it was found that he had died of hunger and exposure. She listened to that tale, looking from the gentleman who told it to her little son who listened to it. She moistened her lips with her tongue, but she could not speak, she could only stammer and smile. The gentleman also was looking at the boy. "We must set this young man up, " said he, heavily. " I will send a doc - tor to look him over to-day. " And he went away all hot and cold, beating his hands together as he walked, and feeling upon his shoulders all the weariness and misery of the world. James Stephens. 12 MARNIA. I remember well the house in which Marnia lived a large, dark house, with a cupola, and with lightning rods, and looming above the other houses of our neighborhood ; and I remember as well the dark back garden a garden gloomy with the shade of many plum trees, and overgrown with lilies of the valley, and with rank grass. I remember both. I remember Marnia. I remember her mother. I remember her lover. To the children of the neighborhood, the garden, inclosed by a high, dark - painted picket fence with a gate that was almost always locked, was forbidden ; and to me it was forbidding, as were the mother, Marnia, and the lover, all three, the mother, statuesque, inscrutable, uncommunicative, forbidding because she seemed to glower through the pickets ; Marnia, fragile, pallid, impassable, forbidding because she never looked at me ; and the lover, handsome, well dressed, bland, forbidding because he seemed to assume an air of owning the garden. But I remember all. From the house there never came the sounds of rattling pans, of slamming doors, or of voices calling loudly from room to room. From the house there never issued the odors of onions, of boiled dinners, or of frying fish or meat that scorched in the skillet. 13 From the back verandah there often came the sound of restrained laughter, whenever Marnia, and other girls, sat there together ; and often, at twilight, there came from the parlor, which was lighted dimly, if lighted at all, the sound of the piano, played softly, always softly, and on the lower keys, by Marnia, who at times sang, always lowly, and often subtly, as if to another. But the place was almost always odorless and noiseless. The windows of panneled glass were impressively clear and clean and the inner blinds, panneled, were often closed at the bottom. I remember well the things that were said about Marnia's lover, the Irish youth, whose mother had made a fortune by selling booze in a dive, downtown. It was remarked that he was a sport, a drunkard, an irresponsible lout, a Catholic, and that he was known to have an affair with a woman other than Marnia, a certain married woman, the wife of a lawyer. I remember much that was said about Marnia and her lover Marnia, whose blood was old and accepted, Marnia the Yankee, and Ter - rence the Irishman, the upstart, offspring of a biddy who sold booze. It was said that Terrence, drunk, escorted Marnia to a ball, one given in honor of the Governor, and that he tottered through the dance but that Marnia danced proudly, and that she, departing with her fuddled lover, proudly helped him to descend the stairs, on the last of which he reeled, senseless, to fall to the floor of the lobby, and to sprawl there. It was said that Marnia quietly called for a carriage, and that she rode away proudly, imperviously, with Terrence slouching beside her. There was a time that Marnia was ill for months, mysteriously ill, during which time the lover came not once to the house and then it was said that Terrence had abandoned her. Certain things were said in whispers, accompanied with leers, nods, shrugs. I remember that during that time, the mother often sat alone in the garden. It was said, by the neighbors, that she was sullen. It was said that no doubt she approved of the way that Marnia carried on with Terrence. 14 One afternoon, however, with Marnia convalescent, Terrence appeared again at the house. Next morning, Marnia was seen for a moment at a window. After that she was often seen with Terrence. At times she lay in the hammock, on the dark verandah, with Terrence sitting beside her. At other times she sat in a large upholstered chair, in the dark garden, with Terrence sitting at her feet. At first they talked not much, and never save in murmurs, but later they talked more, much more, and louder. At length they strolled together about the garden, Terrence supporting her tenderly, and each speaking in dulcet undertones to the other. Marnia recovered. It was J uly. There were no roses none grew in the dark garden no roses save a few outside the picket fence, a few blush roses, in another garden, a garden exposed to the sunlight. One afternoon, while the lovers lingered in the garden, the dark garden.... the lovers standing face to face under the branches of a plum treee.... the breezes, bouyant, enraptured, teasing the branches, the pregnant branches, one and all Marnia reached impulsively through the picket fence, and plucked a warm rose from a bush in the sunny garden. She laughed. She pinned the rose on Terrence. Across her face, upturned to his, there passed an aureate flash, one which stole through the foliage of the plum tree under which they, the lovers, stood together. I cannot but remember her countenance. I cannot but remember the countenance of Terrence. There has never been upturned to me a countenance such as that of Marnia, as it was at that moment, and I have never since beheld a countenence such as that of Terrence, as it was at the time. It was latter August. The winds had begun to shudder, to whine. 15 The lovers, who had said their say, perhaps, but who spent their after - noons in the garden, as usual, read to each other, or played at chess. One afternoon, Terrence did not appear. Marnia sat alone in the garden. She waited. She read. The winds, shuddering, whining, moved restlessly through the pickets. They jostled the branches of the plum trees. They jostled the branches of the rose bushes, too, on which the scrawny pericarps, crimson, like the rouged faces of old and desperate courtesans, nodded, as if in resignation. Marnia waited. She glanced up, frequently, toward the street, and once, as if startled, she glanced behind her. She waited, reading, while the afternoon waned. Suddenly there appeared a hack, an empty hack, which stopped at the front door. The driver hurriedly rang the doorbell, and hurriedly spoke with the mother. Marnia dropped her book. She rushed across the lawn. She listened. She disappeared in the house. In a moment she reappeared, dressed for the street. She entered the hack. She was driven rapidly away. That was the day that Terrence died. It was said that he was killed. It was said that Terrence was killed in a fist fight, in which he defended the name of Marnia. Some one hit him over the heart, and within an hour he died. It was said that Marnia reached him in time to hear him whisper her name, and to receive his kisses. It was said that she sat alone, and long, beside the dead man, and that she kissed his distracted mother. It was said that Marnia, with her mother, went to the church, at the fu - neral of Terrence, and to the grave, at his burial. I cannot remember Marnia after the day that Terrence was killed. I saw her no more in the garden. 16 I often heard moans that came from a certain chamber window, and once, in the night, I heard loud sobs, and a shriek or two. During the autumn I saw her mother, silent, and apparently indifferent, or even oblivious, in the garden. But I remember no more about either, for in latter autumn the doors of the house were closed,'the double win - dows were fastened to the casements, and the neighbors talked of the approach of winter. Wallace Gould. 17 2 A UNION OF BEGGARS. " The meeting is called to order, " shouted the president, rapping on the table with an old fork. " Silence please, " called someone, as the audience lowered the tone of conversation. " You will please give your undivided attention, " continued the presi - dent, "as this meeting is extremely important. Things have come to such a state that our very existence is threatened. The situation is unparalleled in the history of the union. As the hour is late I would suggest that we dispense with the reading of the minutes and get straight to work. The floor is open for discussion. " The meeting took place in the back room of a squalid flat. Yellow gas lights reflected the green painted walls upon the faces of two dozen beggars crowded into the narrow space. The air was filled with the smell of smoke and rags. The meeting was called to order. " I would like to impress upon the minds of the members the importance of this meeting, " said the man with the tattoed forehead. " In former years, as you all know, we had the run of the city practically to ourselves ; but now we are threatened with a different state of things. Since the high cost of living many people have come into the streets to follow our profession and altho we, at one time, thought of taking them into the union, we see now that it is good we did not. " However, these men could not earn a living at their former profes - sions and we should tolerate them, to a certain extent. We should even instruct them a little so that in time they will learn that co-operation is more profitable than competition. No matter how untrained and inartistic, we bore with them as a necessary evil. But now things are different, it seems as tho everyone has taken to begging. It's impossible to walk through a street without meeting three or four. They are so many that it becomes impos - sible for skilled workers to earn a living. If we are not to be deprived 18 of our professional rights, something must be done to check this state of affairs. " Then the blind man stood up, removed his blue glasses, and said : " Our friend is right, something must be done. I have been turning the problem over in my mind and to me there appear but three solutions. Either we must unionize the entire crowd, that is, take them into our union and form new branches ; or we must protest to the city authorities against the scabbing on our union and require a severe examination for license to practice the profession, or, we must declare ' open shop ' and go out and compete with them; relying, of course, on our experience and past training to out-do them. To my mind, these are the only three ways open to us, and all have their objections. " First, if we take the whole crowd into the union we run great risk of degrading the profession. Professors are begging ! In fact it has come to such a state that everyone thinks he can be a beggar as though it were an unskilled trade and not an old, well founded profession. And as though the profession were without an art. Will we take such men as these into our ranks — men without experience or training — just from the streets ? "No ! We must think of some other plan. If we protest to the city au - thorities against scabbing we injure ourselves, at the start, by appealing to public sympathy; and secondly, it is doubtful whether the authorities would do anything in this matter, for they surely realize that in these changing times they themselves may soon be required to seek a new profession. Then my third plan, namely to declare ' open shop ' is also not very good, for it would indeed be difficult. It's hard to compete against a teacher or a former pol - iceman, for no matter how unskilled they are there is something about them that attracts. What is to be done ? " " Does anyone else want the floor ? " called the chairman, and as no - body responded he continued : " Perhaps our colleague Jim will tell us what he thinks of the problems before us. I call upon him as we know him to be a tactful and artistic worker. Perhaps he will explain to us his new method of coping with the situation. Jim was a man in shreds, the greater part of his clothing consisting of cords and colored rags. He stood up very slowly, looked about and began : " Friends ! Nothing can be solved in our line of work without a good deal of thought. That is why it is silly to think of taking untrained persons into our union. We all agree that it is becoming harder and harder to work in the streets each day. So I said to myself, ' I must think of some plan. ' And I did ! First, I asked myself, ' Who has money now ? ' And the answer 19 came ' Those who have made it now. ' ' And who have made it now ?' The rich people with the estates ? No ! The Middle Class, of course, the little brokers, and stock gamblers ; the exchange merchants and other profiteers. Therefore I decided to work the offices ; the little rooms in the big buildings. " I took my time the first few days and made observations. Never hurry ! I would enter an office slowly and quietly and go straight to the clerk and say softly in a tone of ' have pity ' : ' The foxes have holes, and the birds of the air have nests; but the son of man hath not where to lay his head ? ' " The proprietors of these offices were not to be found. And the clerks were so ignorant that they did not understand that I compared them to foxes and birds. Besides this they held a powerful weapon and that was : ' I am sorry, but the boss is not in. ' I had to meet this reply, so I dug up a story and since then have had little difficulty. " It works something like this ; I walk into an office, take off my hat; — always slowfy, and stand near the door. If I get a fee, well and good ; if not, I wait. A little two-by-four clerk sits at a large desk, and as soon as I enter, pretends to be extremely busy. After a while he glances up and says, ' I am sorry, but the boss is out. ' I do not move and remain as though I did not understand., Again he will look up and say, ' The boss is not in. ' And once more, ' What do you want, the boss is not in. ' " Then I say, 'Yes, I see the boss is not in, and as you can give me noth - ing, please allow me to give you something. Let me tell you a little joke ? ' " ' I have no time, don't bother me, the boss is not in, ' he replies. But just a little one, I am sure you will not be sorry ' I insist and start the story : " Once upon a time, there lived a Hebrew whose name was Moe. Like most men he had two brains in his head, a big and a little brain. His big brain was very, very fine for he used it often. It was the brain he made his money with. But the little brain was very weak for with this brain he gave charity. I do not say that Moe was a miser, but I do know that his little brain had so little exercise that it became limp and began to rot. This became so serious that it had to be taken from his head by a surgical operation. And as, ac - cording to the Hebrew religion, no part of the human body may be thrown away, the little brain was placed in a cigar box and buried in the cemetery. A small tomb-stone no bigger than a cash book marked the spot with the inscription: ' Moe's Little Brain \ " On the day of atonement, according to the Hebrew faith, the Lord walks among the dead with his large ledger checking the names. He knocks on a 20 stone or grave, and those that are buried answer, present or here. But when the Lord knocked on the little stone there came no answer. And again he knocked and there came no answer. He compared the inscription with his book and called, Moe's Little Brain, are you there ? And with these words he struck the earth such a blow with his staff that it almost split in two, as he placed his ear close to the grave. " And then came a little thin voice from below : ' Please mister, the boss is not in. ' " This story averages exactly fifty cents. It is a high class entertainment that I propose to give and naturall.y the fees must be according to the work and skill of the practitioner. When the offices are exhausted I will find some other plan ; but I will not go back to the streets with the common scum of the earth. If a man wants to be a bricklayer he must first know that bricks are made of clay. If he wants to be a lawyer he must know that documents are made of words. And if he wants to succeed as a beggar he must realize that the foundation of the profession is psychology. " The audience listened attentively to the advice of Jim and after a brief silence there were many calls for the floor. " I would just like to ask a question, " said the man with one arm. "In former years a great deal of our income was derived from the church steps and a good deal more in the name of religion, but now that the free thought move - ment is attracting such wide interest, and that anti-religious literature is sold on almost every corner, is not another source of our incomes threatened ? My question is this : Is there any way of deriving profit from the masses who have forsaken the church ? Would it be proper to ask for fees in the name of Voltaire ? " Our comrade Jim " said the man who could dislocate his left hip and thereby make that leg three inches shorter, " has just touched upon the very subject. I should consider the story he is using now as a mild and inoffensive, satire. In work of this kind, style is important. In the cloak of art much can be done. However, his first quotation regarding the foxes and the birds is a method of which I would not approve as it appears to me to offend our re - ligious clients. It is irony ; and when that is used against religion the message becomes agnostic and therefore offensive to certain people. However, when a little satire is used it tends to create an impression of non-religion which is not antagonistic nor offensive. In working the non-religious masses we should be extremely careful not to offend the others for they are our oldest and still our best clients. " " The hour is growing late, " said the president, " and I feel that we are more or less digressing from the main issue. Also, because of the complexity 21 of the questions before us which cannot be decided tonight, I would suggest that this meeting be adjourned till next Sunday night, when we will hear the report of the ways and means committee. A full attendance is request - ed and please be early so we may start on time. As I hear no objection I call this meeting ajourned. " Manuel Komroff. Pablo Picasso. Courtesy of Galerie Rosenberg - Paris. Drawing of Igor Strawinsky. André: Derain. Courtesy of Galerie Simon - Paris. Portrait. JUAN Gris. Courtesy of Galerie Simon - Paris. Still Life. Albert Gleizes. Painting. 26 CHINESE POEMS OF J. WING. I. I did not ask another miracle for my day Than you undressing beside me, White under the sunlight; But, look, also, the scarlet moss Has turned the water to wine In our pool. Yellow moon goes up With the smell of night water among rushes. Evenings that withered like flowers, We have brought to Barbara Hours of winter-grey, but also The green of the evergreen, varnished in warm rain. 2. The heavy blue waters of the night Have flooded through the sun's scarlet rocks, Filling the valley. The flowers are grey as in water, The scarves of mist quiver like sea-weeds ; I expect bubbles in the wake of a bird Which swims across the window. 27 Barbara walks with a tawny candle On the pavement of the sea. 3. The square small garden of my paper Has turned blue in the night-fall, But my pen works late among the flowers. I have written that Li Po, being drunk, Sought to gather the stars and moon To scent the bed-chamber of his mistress ; And so was drowned. And I caught cold yesterday, Cutting wisteria, Standing in the dew by the North wall, For Barbara. 4. The flower-crowned captain of my boat Looks down into green and black water. See, faint gold carp and purple fan-fish Which float above two eyes, Black crescents holding child-stars of silver. Over all swims That lithe white uncaught fish, The March moon. 5. In the unmoving water That brims this old quarry of grey stones 28 I have watched an olive-brown perch Parading his black bars, Flirting and floating an open orange fan. Each stick of it was thorned and cruel Like the bright-coloured fans of emperors And young girls. 6. The breakers far to the left at night, Foreign cannons splintering long ago Bamboo junks of the two-sword men. Lines of black slaves Running up the beach, To fall exhausted forward. They carry bar-silver against their breasts ; It drags them down in this Spanish sea all night 7. Your childishness is a gold hill, There is a sheer fall from it Into the cloudy monotonous sea. You dance high in a small blue vesture, With white arms catching at the sky And feet hardly touching the gold earth. You dance swift and sweet and warm To the edge and back again. 29 8. Three years ago I could spin various tops Better even than the masters of song ; And for this I think you loved me. Even if I spin Tu Fu to-day, The gold green banded, And catch him on his cord And dance him on the wine-cup's edge, That crystal bridge, You are away learning from silly lips The Love-me-at-evening Song. The wine-cup and the cord remain. 9. I have painted abominable devils For your great delight, Yellow apes with alligators' heads And scarlet spots ; blue mouths. But now that you demand A picture of ourselves playing together, What shall I put down ? A band of cherry-coloured fire Across black paper ? IO. A purple flag-flower, I looked down Into the water of your soul, A silver trickle in the hills. 30 You wooed down to you and caught One of my leaves. I am a splintered mash Of green and water and mauve Eaten by the black teeth of the rocks II. My mind was an ivory box Before you came ; Carved with sayings, Holding a scentless pellet Of green burning-gum. But now Half the earth is filled With the sweet eternal smell of pain, And the box is empty. I2. When you sat in your dark silk chair, Ripe with fat fruits of yellow and red silk, Active with blue lithe animals, Pressing your scented rose-ended Peach-coloured feet against my face, I was humiliated, as you desired. But when your male friend Talked to me about Eastern learning I was more humiliated. 31 I3. A thousand nasturtiums Blowing the fire-coloured music of their trumpets, Putting forward green shields, Walk up the path beside me. Under their brass hangers They move long legs of green With my slow feet. In the yellow rooms of hot hearts They shook their golden hands When I came back to them. I4. My mauve dancer, columbine, Hoisted her pale green flare And spread her trefoil carpets Of crushed emerald. She leapt in the wind On the powdered purple of her feet Below an airy tyrian skirt Silken yellow to white nakedness. I5. You swagger from your dry tree, Setting apricot vans against the wind, Hibiscus. Your heart is blood, Your white quill comes up out of blood, As if you fed on the murder Of crimson roses. « The tips of your glad flames Rise from a fibre of powdered starlight And you are merry. Translated by E. Powys Mathers. 32 33 3 THE FUNCTION OF CRITICISM ? The influence of Benedetto Croce on contemporary literary criticism both in Europe and in America has been enormous. His " disciples " are nu - merous and intelligent, for the most part, and the ideas in his Aesthetic, insofar as they are applicable in simple fashion to the writing of criticism, whether literary or journalistic, have been rapidly disseminated and rapidly absorbed. That such ideas form a relatively slight part of his book is true, and this may be considered fortunate or unfortunate, according to the point of view, — the Freudian will perhaps consider it a piece of luck. But that doctrine of Croce's (to which our attention has lately been called again and again) that a work of art should be compared not with something else but with its own ideal self, is familiar enough in a hundred gradations. I have paraphrased it, of course — the reader may reshape it to suit himself. But however expressed it is re - garded as a blow at the so-called " canons " of taste (which admittedly do not absolutely exist) and at that sort of criticism which pronounces, in accordance with any such canons, pseudo-impartial judgments : or measures the ex - cellence of a work of art only in the terms of tradition. The new criticism, —so we are told — should be solely interpretative. Its business will be to un - derstand, to appreciate. There is naturally a great deal to recommend this doctrine. How charm - ing and how valuable a criticism may be which follows it anyone knows who has read " The Symbolist Movement " of Arthur Symons. And reason - able enough the doctrine seems when we consider, as we must, the non - existence, or at any rate, the extreme vagueness, the almost mythological character, of aesthetic law. Attempts to define beauty have invariably failed. Plato, Aristotle, Shelley, Goethe, Lessing, Keats, Arnold, Croce, Santayana, may have given us some notion of what they felt it to be, but the thing itself remains unrealized. The best definition of it is as inadequate as a definition of a bird which describes it as a thing made with feathers. For beauty is not a thing, but an emotion, and an emotion cannot be photographed. In the * 34 presence of this or that phenomenon we experience the emotion we call beauty ; and while it is of interest to keep records of the phenomena which precipitate this emotion, the clue to the effect of these phenomena will be found only in ourselves, for it is a commonplace that what is to one man an object of beauty is to another an object of ugliness. It is precisely out of this apparently hopeless relativity that certain modern critics have generated their thesis of aesthetic solipsism. " Since there can be no standards " (they say) " let us make a virtue of multiplicity. us avoid saying that we like or dislike, since that is merely to make record of idiosyncrasy, let us avoid the terms ' good ' and ' bad ', and all categories. Let our criticism be nothing but exegesis, since values cannot be said to exist, and since one man's opinion is as good as another's. " But how many critics who see the charm of this at - titude foresee also all its implications ? What will result from it in the world of art ? When we have ceased to blame or praise in accordance with any standards save those which the particular work of art carries implicit within itself, may we look for the prompt arrival of a Golden Age, in which all kinds of art will flourish side by side for the world to choose from ? Without, for the moment, taking refuge — and possibly a dangerous refuge — in behaviorist or Freudian psychology, one may none the less be permitted to be somewhat doubtful. This doubt may take two shapes. In the first place our critics of the new order assure us that what they most desire to eliminate from aesthetics is dogmatism, which, whether of praise or censure, is vicious. But just how does our new critic escape this ? Is he so naive as to suppose that he escapes it merely by removing from his vocabulary the words 'like' and 'dislike', 'good' and 'bad', 'beautiful' and 'ugly', 'great' and ' minor' ? He does, of course, no such thing. Suppose he limits himself to " criticism " of only those works of art with which he finds himself most in sympathy, limiting himself, again, in such cases, to saying that the artist " has endeavoured to do such-and-such, and has been successful, or bril - liantly successful, or only partially successful " ; and avoiding any attempt at classification, any comparison with other sorts or excellences of art. Will he any the less be categorizing ? What on earth is he doing if not saying in so many words "This is the sort of thing I consider important?" And in ignoring other sorts and excellences of art he is treating them to just the kind of dogmatism he pretends to despise, with the sole difference that is is not out - spoken, and is therefore not honest. For the Quarterly to have ignored Keats would have been essentially to have reviewed him just as dogmatically as he was reviewed : it would have been tantamount to saying " We do not consider this poet to be of any importance. " Iyikes and dislikes are inevitable, and 35 it is no use trying to pretend that they are not, or deceiving one another by leaving them merely implicit. So much for our first doubt. Our " interpretative " critic is, therefore, seen to be just as dogmatic as any other, but prefers to veil his dogmatism, to leave it for his reader as a none too imponderable overtone. Our second doubt takes us further afield. It concerns the function of criticism, and this doubt is more important; for if we know what the function of criticism is, or can guess at it, we may then be able to decide better what its nature should be, and whether it should be candidly or uncandidly dogmatic. What, then, is the function of criticism ? By far the commonest answer at present would be, no doubt, that criticism should act as mediator between artist and audience : that it should explain. And that this purpose in criticism always has been, is, and perhaps always will be among the most important of its characteristics can hardly be doubted. We might even go further and say that it is the most ideal of its characteristics. It would be an ideal world, certainly, in which the poet's new book should be greeted by a thousand reviews in none of which would be a single slip of blame or praise, but only a studious effort to make transparent the poet's meaning. It would in fact have to be an ideal world — a world in which every poet wrote poetry worth reading ; for with the literary journals filled with analyses and interpretations, week after week, and no indi - cations anywhere of choice, one would perhaps otherwise waste a great deal of time in search of what one liked, and one would be certain to miss many a treasure. Yes, it would have to be an ideal world, or a world in which literature was a thing of the past. If literature were no longer a living thing, if all the evidence, so to speak, were "in ", then criticism might become an exact science. Animosities and jealousies would no longer be engaged, it would cease to be important from the point of view of poet x - that such-and-such a dogma should be true or not true, and the geologists of the soul or mind could without fear of passionate interruption proceed to delve through the stratified deposits of the literary generations. But our world is not an ideal world, and the " evidence " is only beginning ; no one knows what the weight of it or the direction of it will be. Literature changes constantly, it may develop in a manner totally unforeseen, and who knows if the new book by z. or y. is the turning point or not ? z. or Y. do not know, certainly, though, of course, they hope so ; and it is exactly in this situation that we should begin to see that criticism, under the conditions we now live in, has a function which we have overlooked, a function not perhaps noble, though perhaps, equally, not ignoble, but a function quite natural and necessary. This function is not easy to describe, for it is complex. Perhaps, in its light, we might justly say that criticism is the artist's weapon, both of 36 offense and defence, the weapon whereby he destroys or lames artistic ten - dencies inimical to his own ; whereby on occasion he is himself destroyed. In a world in which there were no absolute aesthetic values, such a weapon would be of paramount importance. Where there is no law, strength will prevail. Under such conditions every artistic cult would have its cohort of Balearic slingers, and to the victors would belong the spoils, in the shape of public acclaim. The natural order of things, as we are accustomed to see it, or think we see it, would be reversed : the sole standard of excellence would be success, that poetry would be best which was most brilliantly and persuasively brought to our attention, those theories of art would seem to us best which were most ingeniously argued, and for which our sensibili - ties, our mental tone, had been, by the artist's advanced guard, most cun - ningly and richly prepared. A moral chaos, truly, in which we see our - selves doomed to be the slaves of those slingers whose pebbles hit us hardest and most accurately, whose ideas, in other words, are most skilfully chosen. Are we glad we do not live in such a world ? If so, we are glad prematurely, for it is not demonstrable that our world is much different. The new aes - thetic teaches us that standards must be abolished in art — classes, grades, categories, also — and that the only question we have a right to ask before a poem or statue is ' What is the artist saying, and with what skill does he say it ? ' But why stop even there — why not push this aesthetic solipsism to its extreme, and admit that we have no right to question even the artist's ' skill' ? How do we know what his conception of ' skill' may be ? ' Skill in expres - sion ' — for some that will mean complete expression, for some incomplete, for some it will mean the explicit, for some the implicit. No, we like the poem or statue, or we do not like it, and that is all we have any " right " to say. There is no body of aesthetic " law " on which we can call for substantiation. If we live, therefore, in a world in which all aesthetic values are vague and debatable, we observe sharply how important is criticism in a way we had not foreseen. For if these values are debatable, then criticism is the debate, — it is the extraordinary, the indispensable process by which, whether we are querulous, abusive, analytical, mystic, candidly or uncandidly dogmatic, we strive to discover aesthetic law, not consciously always, but more often un - consciously, for it is a search which the individual carries forward not with the disinterestedness of the scientist so much as with the passion of the zealot, intent on demonstrating that his own tastes and hence his principles, are and should be the norm. We see here what we see so often on other planes, the es - sentially competitive order of things, the cruel struggle for survival. Criti - cism is the battle-ground of the arts. One theory goes out against another, 37 and the better theory, the better method wins. ' Better ' ? By ' better ' we mean the one which meets with most approval for the moment, whether the moment be a decade, a century, or the whole expense of what Henry Adams would call a historical " phase Eventually it may itself go down, in part or wholly, before another theory, another method, for in the meantime the minds and customs of men will have changed. Criticism seen in such a way presents itself not as something separate from art, but as an integral part of it, almost indeed as the summing up of its members, its consciousness, throw - ing over it a sharp and searching light which (in accordance with the par - ticular phase of thought) will dissolve some portions only to cast other por - tions into relief. To remove or alter criticism, under these circumstances, will be in all probability to alter art itself and perhaps profoundly . . . And at this point we reach naturally a fresh view of the contemporary quarrel between the " interpretative " and " judicial " critics. The inter - pretative critic, as we have seen, decries dogmatism, or positiveness, but hides his head in the sand of it none the less. He is as rigidly selective (and what is that but dogmatic ?) as his more candid brother, but believes in being more indirect, more deprecatory. Well, which method in criticism is more stimulating to art, which will tend to provoke and release the greater number of artistic energies ? A question to which the answer is by no means a foregone conclusion, but it seems to me that the answer whould rather be in favor of the dogmatist, whose opinions are vividly outspoken, than of the interpreter, whose opinions are patiently concealed. For since we are talking of energies, why should we not take towards art, for the moment the kinetic view ? And if we take the kinetic view, it should be clear enough, I think, that the sharper the clash between one theory and another, and the greater the inequalities in level, the greater will be the forces generated, the more varied and powerful will be the successive changes in art. The rivalries of factions, the shock of opposed opinions, the relentless warfare between idea and idea — these things generate heat and excitement, which are forms of energy, and stimulate the individual artist to greater and greater efforts. Savage analysis, blind panegyric, even personal abuse, may be justified from this standpoint, for while they are often preposterous in the concrete, and some - times lethal to the individual artist, they contribute vitally to the sum - total of productive interest in the art in general. Vigorous action and reac - tion, powerful artistic movements, are only generated out of powerful forces. Criticism helps to give these forces consciousness and direction. But, on the other hand, if we reduce criticism to a uniformity of bland and dispas - sionate interpretation, we have reduced in effect this sum total of productive interest well towards a dead level incapable of supplying further energy, or at the very least we tend so to reduce it. We shall be doing all we can to conceal from the individual artist the essentially competitive nature of the arts, and thus cause him to relax his efforts. And how inconsistent would be such a course with our belief in the relativity of all aesthetic values ! For if we reduce all aesthetic activity to solipsism — in other words to indivi - dualism — surely we ought not to be afraid of pursuing that course as critics which seems best calculated to compel the individual artist to exert him - self, to develop himself by competition, to grow by struggle. The more fe - ral the warfare between one art-method and another, the finer will be the competitive works produced, the intenser will be the energies flung into them. And every method will have its turn, in accordance with the prevailing sym - pathies of the moment. Is this view extremely speculative ?. . . Perhaps. But it appears to be sound enough, as long as our attitude toward art is wholly aesthteic. If, on the other hand, in the absence of anything like uniform aestehtic values, we take refuge, as I suggested earlier, in a purely psychological view of art, taking thought primarily always of its social function, we find ourselves at once contemplating a change in criticism profound and perhaps deadly. For with the advent of a clear psychological understanding of what is so - cially useful in art, and of what is socially undesirable in it, we shall have replaced the now vanishing tyranny of religious ethics with a new and uti - litarian ethics ; a replacement only too likely to occur in a world always be - coming more ' democratic '. . . But that is a question which does not for the moment concern us. As long as criticism is based chiefly on ' taste let us hope that it will be opinionated and individual, — armed cap-a-pie with theory, logic, power of analysis, tactile delicacy, knowledge of psychological causes, — but none the less intrepidly individual, springing out of the individual's confidence in the sacred rightness of his own view. Every artist, every cri - tic, for himself, and oblivion take the hindmost! This, it seems to me, is the way to great art. Conrad Aiken. 38 Bepi Fabiano. Drawing. Frediano Frediani. Drawing. 41 LILACS. Ivilacs, False blue, White, Purple, Colour of lilac, Your great puffs of flowers Are everywhere in this my New England. Among your heart-shaped leaves Orange orioles hop like music-box birds and sing Their little weak soft songs ; In the crooks of your branches The bright eyes of song sparrows sitting on spotted eggs Peer restlessly through the light and shadow Of all Springs. Lilacs in dooryards Holding quiet conversations with an early moon ; Lilacs watching a deserted house Settling sideways into the grass of an old road ; Lilacs, wind-beaten, staggering under a lopsided shock of bloom Above a cellar dug into a hill. You are everywhere. You were everywhere. You tapped the window when the preacher preached his sermon, And ran along the road beside the boy going to school. You stood by pasture-bars to give the cows good milking, 42 You persuaded the housewife that her dishpan was of silver And her husband an image of pure gold. You flaunted the fragrance of your blossoms Through the wide doors of Custom Houses — You, and sandal-wood, and tea, Charging the noses of quill-driving clerks When a ship was in from China. You called to them : " Goose-quill men, goose-quill men, May is a month for flitting/' Until they writhed 011 their high stools And wrote poetry on their letter-sheets behind the propped-up ledgers. Paradoxical New England clerks, Writing inventories in ledgers, reading the " Song of Solomon ".at night, So many verses before bed-time, Because it was the Bible. The dead fed you Amid the slant stones of graveyards. Pale ghosts who planted you Came in the night time And let their thin hair blow through yonr clustered stems. You are of the green sea, And of the stone hills which reach a long distance. You are of elm-shaded streets with little shops where they sell kites and marbles, You are of great parks where everyone walks and nobody is at home. You cover the blind sides of greenhouses And lean over the top to say a hurry-word through the glass To your friends, the grapes, inside. Ivilacs, False blue, White, Purple, Colour of lilac, 43 You have forgotten your Eastern origin, The veiled women with eyes like panthers, The swollen, aggressive turbans of jewelled Pashas. Now you are a very decent flower, A reticent flower, A curiously clear-cut, candid flower, Standing beside clean doorways, Friendly to a house-cat and a pair of spectacles, Making poetry out of a bit of moonlight And a hundred or two sharp blossoms. Maine knows you, Has for years and years ; New Hampshire knows you, And Massachusetts And Vermont. Cape Cod starts you along the beaches to Rhode Island ; Connecticut takes you from a river to the sea. You are brighter than apples, Sweeter than tulips, You are the great flood of our souls Bursting above the leaf-shapes of our hearts, You are the smell of all Summers, The love of wives and children, The recollection of the gardens of little children, You are State Houses and Charters And the familiar treading of the foot to and fro on a road it knows. May is lilac here in New England, May is a thrush singing " Sun up ! " on a tip-top ash-tree, May is white clouds behind pine-trees Puffed out and marching upon a blue sky. May is a green as no other, May is much sun through small leaves, May is soft earth, 44 And apple-blossoms, And windows open to a South Wind. May is a full light wind of lilac From Canada to Naragansett Bay. Lilacs, False blue, White, Purple, Colour of lilac. Heart-leaves of lilac all over New England, Roots of lilac under all the soil of New England, Ivilac in me because I am New England, Because my roots are in it, Because my leaves are of it, Because my flowers are for it, Because it is my country And I speak to it of itself And sing of it with my own voice Since certainly it is mine. Amy Lowell. Jacques Lipchitz. Sculpture. 46 HE LAUGHED AT THE GODS. During the course of some psychological investigations I was making, I found it necessary to visit an insane asylum near New York. The building was no more than an ill-smelling barracks, very desolate : but the young interne, who guided me through the place, finally took me to a series of private rooms, which were homelike and pleasant and had windows facing the fields and the hills. He told me by the way that I must above all things see Dr. Farraday. Dr. Farraday, he explained, knew a great deal about the human soul: so much so that the young doctors often consulted him about puzzling and unusual cases. " He is the most interesting man here, " he told me. " And what is he suffering from ? " I asked. He smiled. " You'll have to get his own diagnosis, "he said. " Betweeen you and me, I think he has a high regard for our free board and lodging. He has the sort of insanity of the hobo, of the I-Won't-Works. But he came to it too late in life to make freight cars and hay-lofts at all attractive. He was too settled down to wander the world, and too — well, insane to work. " " Well ! " I laughed, " I daresay there are many like him — only they are quartered on relatives, or wives, or friends. . . In ancient days that form of insanity was highly honorable. It is, isn't it, the insanity of the artist ? His answer was to knock at a door, and a deep and rather pleasing voice cried, " Come in. " So we went in. The light flooded brightly through the tall wide window, so that at first I only saw a dark bulk coming toward us. But I noticed the walls hung with many strange and brilliant drawings, all of a symbolical nature, mythic animals and gods, stars and moons, and landscapes that never were. When I was through blinking, and had my man on the darker side of me, I saw him quite plainly. He was rather bulky and large, swarthy, and something about his face resembling the face of a turtle. His manner was very courteous, but a little absent. The young interne 47 excused himself, with a private wink at me, as much as to say : "I won't inter - fere " ; and so we were left alone. I offered him a cigar, which pleased him, and we sat in comfortable arm - chairs by the window, and were soon plunged in scientific discussion .. . But I saw he was restless. I noticed, too, now, that his clothes were ill-fitting, worn - out, patched and rather dirty ; that his nails and fingers were sooted up with crayon and stained with ink ; that his cheeks and chin needed a shave and his hair was rather longer than we wear it. His restlessness increased. He rubbed his chin, gazed about abstractedly, swung his leg back and forth in a too obvious rhythm. And at last he spoke in a voice which did not seem his at all — a voice which appeared to me to belong to some other person. The voice he had used was quiet and cool, although sympa - thetic. This new voice was personal, hot, and almost bitter. " What is the use of all this talk ?" he cried out. "It gets us nowhere. Intellect ! science ! theor}*! brain-spinning ! Young man, that is our modern devil. Kill him .. . strangle him out of your soul. He is the Devil of the ice, of the cold polar regions. Better a hundred times the old Devil of the burning hell, for in fire there is also God ! " For a moment I thought I was coming to psychic fisticuffs with him ; but I reflected, and at once swallowed my pride. " I see, " I said, looking him in the eyes, " knew this modern Devil very well ; perhaps intimately. " He glanced at me. "You sit there, "he cried, " a bit of ice yourself. I feel no warmth from you ; I am not a human being to you, but just another case. I look for Christ and find a Devil. But you scientists will never save the world without love — yea, and hate, too. Fire cleanses and resurrects, but the ice freezes and slays. You would embalm me too in your waste places ; and there is no healing in it. Feel this asylum — chilly and cold and full of living death — and the blasted crowd waiting for a great lover to cast out their demons, He is late in coming ; he is late in coming. " The something that was strange in his voice, his manner and in his words troubled me deeply. " You are quite right, " I said simply. " Forgive me for my attitude. " He looked at me attentively and spoke more softly. " There is some hope for you, then, "he murmured. " Look, " and he reached and brought a sheet of drawing paper from the little table beside him. He had drawn a picture in crayon, and done it very well. There was a power - ful man, with arms crossed on his chest, standing like a Napoleon on an ice- 48 sheathed rock, and out of the sky a lightning in the form of a great serpent had leaped down and was about to fasten his fangs into the man's eyes. " Wonderful! " I cried. " And it means ? " "You tell me what it means, " he commanded. It flashed intuitively across my mind that it meant: 'He who sees too much must be struck blind. ' I told him and he was highly pleased :he regarded me affectionately. " This is the first human contact I have had in a long time, "he said. " Ex - cept, of course, some of the lunatics . . . " " But how, " I asked, " can a man see too much, and why is such a man like Napoleon ? " " Ah, " he said, " when Christ was shown the kingdoms of the world from a high mountain, he chose then between Caesar and the Galilean. Seeing, man — to see, to know — knowledge, they say, is power .. . But when one is blind then one sees truly .. . sees inwardly. ' They have eyes, but they see not '.. . " I felt his meaning, though, to use the word in his sense, I did not see it. " And what is the serpent ? " I asked. " The gods. " " Then you believe in the gods ? " " I have always believed in them, " he said in his strange voice again, " but I laughed at them. The great Dr. Farraday laughed at the gods. Believed ? Of course. The fool says in his heart, There is no God. And the intellectual says in his heart, There are gods, and I laugh at them. " We sat in silence, smoking, and now and then I felt him trying to pierce me with a look. At last he said : "You are troubled, my friend. " " Yes, lam troubled, " I admitted. "We are all troubled in these days. " " The days of the great ice, " he murmured. " The second Glacial Period. " He paused, then spoke abruptly. " I have a strange feeling for you, very unusual. lam going to tell you something. You may forget it as soon as you have heard it. You may say to yourself : 'It is the phantasy of an insane man. ' Or you may find it material for analysis and so enrich your science. Or perhaps if lam not wholly demented, you may take it into your being and find it a gift of the gods . . . It is a story — one of the few that have meaning for me. And it is about a man I knew — oh, knew very well. Most intimately .. . Perhaps it is the story of our age. Who knows ? " I looked at him. Our eyes met. " Tell me, " I said. And he told me . . . " His name was Trudo. That name after all is as good as another .. . 49 4 I must tell you a little about his childhood . . . not much ... it is not very im - portant. Trudo was a sensitive child ; he couldn't compete with the boys : he was a coward and a stay-at-home. He felt everything so intensely that he suffered incessantly. He could not fight, he could not play ball. And his father, whom he worshipped, died. And his mother was practical and embit - tered by her .struggles and her poverty. Trudo felt he was a worm. Yes, he was vermin. Until he made a discovery ... If you couldn't beat others with your fists or your skill or your leadership, you could beat them with your mind. And that was the beginning of the end for Trudo . . . "He resolutely killed all his feelings. It can be done, you know. You become like the snail. His body is soft and fragile : but he draws it into his shell when there is danger of attack. This is what Trudo did. And for the rest, he studied. He became a physician and a man of research. He developed his intellect in a truly marvellous way. And he rose, and was well on the path toward greatness. " I won't bore you with the details. They are the same for everyone who succeeds. Think of your own successes. Merely imagine Trudo at the top of his profession, living in a very fine house near Central Park on a chaste side street. Respectability, luxury, the waiting room with old masters on the wall, the tiled and shining laboratory, the cushioned library, and so on, and so on .. . It is not important, is it ? " I pause a moment to speak of his wife. She was a very fine woman, doubtless. Of one of the old New York families. If I mentioned the name, you'd know all about it, I'm sure. And she was religious, in a way, though her god was rather a crude one, a sort of hybrid, not of the sphinx variety exactly, but a good respectable American god. lam not cynical about it either. That god has given us much of America .. . Let me describe him in a word, a line : He was a puritan who believed in hard work, righteousness and business. And he believed in kindness and purity. You see my wife, don't you ? She wanted me to be honest and upright, respectable and wealthy, and at the same time lowly and obedient, — down on my knees to her deity .. . She found me then an anomaly : I was honest, I was wealthy, I was upright ; but I was proud and vain and consumed in myself. I had no love in my heart. You know there was John Brown to prove that a puritan can love like a blast of fire. But also, as you know, a puritan can be a peak of ice. " Now I must tell you a great joke. My patients thought me a second Jesus. Actually. And why ? Because I was remarkably intuitive. I could pierce direct into their souls, and so I knew just what to say and to do to make them feel I was in full sympathy with them. Is there anything more devilish than that ? I ask you. Think. To use the art of love to serve merely one's ambi- 50 tion and one's egotism. To wear the mask of Christ in order to be a great doctor. Good old American bluff, isn't it ? " He paused, and took a puff on his cigar. It was as if he had forgotten my presence. Indeed he did not seem to realize that he had dropped speaking of ' Trudo ' and was speaking directly of himself, in the first person. Then he went on, his voice growing warm and poignant. "My wife warned me, often. She said I had slain my soul, and was headed for a great crash. She pointed out how many of our great business-men make forced marches on success and are killed or driven insane or into a sanitarium before they are fifty. I agreed with her. But what could Ido ? The greatest tragedy of my life was the fact that it was a comedy. I knew all the facts, but I didn't care a snap of my fingers. I could not feel the tragedy. I was perfectly happy on the ice — that is, if you can call it happy. Perhaps, to put it more honestly, I was neither glad nor sad, but busy, alert and keen. " Then the symptoms came. I will not enter into the details. Palpitation of the heart, for instance — a very bad symptom, as you know. You see, I had no heart : so it was just there that the gods began to make mischief. Ah, yes, I knew then that the gods I had laughed at were preparing a little doomsday for me. Man does not live by intellect alone. If thou hast two loaves of bread, sell one, and buy hyacinths for thy soul. Lord ! I said those very words to myself at the time. But of what avail ? " Obviously there was nothing I could do — except one thing. I could put away Mammon — I could give up my practice, my fine house, my scientific researches. But what modern successful man can do it ? It was exactly like the rich young man who went to Jesus. And Jesus asked him if he could give up his wealth: leave all, and follow. And the young man could not. That was I. " No. My pride and revolt increase, if anything. And I even became cold toward my wife. And this killed her. I looked on her dead face, and not even then could I break through the ice, and drop one poor tear of pity or self-pity. "You see, I was utterly lost. And now with my wife dead, and no children, and no true friends, you might have thought that it would be easy to let go of the power of the world. But not so. Not so. The decks were cleared for ac - tion, that was all. I was going to do a great bit of scientific writing. . . " Then the lightning struck me. Oh, it was so simple, so simple. I was walking one night on a side-street on the lower west side. And a prostitute accosted me. I had a sudden burning curiosity. I was curious about the psychology of prostitution. I would go with this woman, and study her. I had no desire. I was a puritan. I did not want to touch her. Ugh! as a physician I knew too much about the diseases of vice , . . 51 " She took me then to her dingy hall bedroom in a cheap lodging house. I sat on the cot; she sat on a soap-box. And in the gaslight I saw her : a very thin woman, a little tall, and perhaps tubercular. Shining eyes and glowing cheeks. And she was very poor. " He groaned, and stopped. Then he whispered : " Now the story begins ~ . I began questioning her, when suddenly she burst out on me : " ' But you are not a human being. You are terrible. I feel as if the Devil himself were in this room. ' " I was startled. I asked her : " ' Who are you ? Where do you come from ? ' "' I am a Russian, ' she said, ' and a Jewess. My name is Iyosha. ' " ' But are not you in league with the Devil also ? ' " ' No, ' she cried defiantly, rising before me and clenching her fists. 'I am driven by need and loneliness : but you are only vain and learned. You are a lost soul. ' " ' Yes, ' I admitted in my honest way, 'I am lost. What's to be done about it ? ' " ' You know you are lost, ' she cried, ' and yet ask me that ? Oh, this is terrible. This is the eternal damnation they talk about. .. ' " ' That doesn't help me, ' I said. 112 Talk has never helped me. I can talk myself. ' She stared at me, and leaned toward me. " ' You are right. Only an infinite love could help you. ' " That was the way we talked. And suddenly I forgot that I was the ques - tioner and had a great desire to tell her about myself. I told everything, just as I have told you. It was amazing enough :an ignorant sick woman of the gutter, one whose body was common merchandise, and who had no life of her own, and I, the learned scientist, the respectable and wealthy doctor. " Three times I went to see her. And at the third the lightning passed through me. She was weeping when I entered and would not rise from the bed. Her face was buried in her hands. " ' Why are you crying, Losha ? ' I asked. "' I weep, ' she said, ' because you are to be pitied more than I am. We are both prostitutes. But the Devil in me is a god, and you have no god. ' " I stood, silent, but quite calm. Then she rose slowly and flung her arms about my neck. I had not expected it. She whispered passionately : "' I love you. I love you. I love you. ' " ' Why do you love ? ' I asked. " ' Because I am your lost soul. ' 52 " And I saw the truth. I saw that what lay buried in me was not only divine love, but also the great beast, and that this woman was both. And first I felt a burning steal through my body, a hot and primal fire, the smoky breath of hell itself, and for the first time I could remember I had the horrible cannibal lust to tear a human body limb from limb. But while I was convulsed with this, something strangely other came up and mingled with the lust. It was as if I saw the Christ. It was holy and ecstatic and divine ... Yes, yes, yes, it was love . . . "You can imagine an earthquake that raises some monstrous buried for - mation to the surface and buries what if finds there. That happened to me .. . It was like a conversion. But in my conversion both Christ and the beast came up and tore asunder the great Dr. Farraday — the fine intellect, the high - minded ego . . . " In short, I went suddenly mad, and gave a great shriek, tearing off my clothes and foaming at the mouth. I called ' the goddess ' and prostrated myself before her. Then I shrieked aloud for the torture and agony and had something very like a fit of epilepsy. " She was terrified. She finally put me to bed, and soothed me. She nursed me tenderly. I would lie quescient for hours ,in a fever. Then the spell was 011 me. I saw great beasts, kings and gods. I was ground by terrible passion and ecstasy. It was a death. .. . " He paused ; then smiled sadly . . . "You can imagine the sequel. I could not return to my house. It was all ended. All my interest in my work, my position, my power and place in the world, had vanished. Everything, but the emotions that swept me, was quite unreal. And so I ruined myself. " I married Iyosha. It seemed a simple matter. And we opened a little stationery shop and kept it together. . . Anf then I began to draw : I became an artist. I was alive from head to foot, and yet quite tormented — tormented by these terrible passions and ecstasies, these perverted and glorious impulses which for years had festered in my darkness, and which, when they came upon me, came more like monsters than divinities . . . " What can I say of Iyosha ? She was the one woman whom I never knew. My intuition failed me. I never understood. Was she ugly or beautiful ? stupid or wise ? base or. noble ? I cannot tell. I only could know her simple and undivided love, which never forsook me. It was those fires in which I became as ashes. "As ashes, ashes .. . One cold morning she coughed a great big racking spasm .. . Then she whispered to me : " ' Trudo, I love you. ' 53 " And she died .. . I closed the shop ... I did not need the shop. I needed only my own soul, which began to dawn in me like the sun in spring .. . And being quite insane, I came here We were silent. He fussed about among his papers, and murmured : " I suppose it isn't much of a story. " I smiled at him, but said nothing. Then he showed me a portrait he had made of Losha. She was dark and thin, even gaunt, and a look almost of madness in the eyes ... The tears rolled down the Doctor's cheeks . . . A little later I said goodby to him. We stood, facing each other and he held my hand. " I am insane, " he said, "do not forget that. And out there — " he waved his other hand in the direction of New York, " live the sane ones. Losha is dead, and Dr. Farraday is dead. You know the ancients, "he smiled quaintly, " thought the insane were close to the gods. But that's a fable, isn't it ? " I closed the door on him very softly, troubled in spirit. Jambs Oppenheim. Man Ray. Courtesy of Daniel Gallery - New York. Seguidilla. 55 IN THE DOCK. Pallid, mis-shapen he stands. The world's grimed thumb, Now hooked securely in his matted hair, Has haled him struggling from his poisonous slum And flung him mute as fish close netted there. His bloodless hands entalon that iron rail He gloats in beastlike trance. His settling eyes From staring face to face rove on —and quail. Justice for carrion pants ; and these the flies. Voice after voice in smooth impartial drone Erects horrific in his darkening brain A timber framework, where agape, alone Bright life will kiss goodbye the cheek of Cain. Sudden like wolf he cries ; and sweats to see When howls man's soul, it howls inaudibly. W. de la Mare. 56 THE SOUL OF AN ARTIST. I. Ellis Bertram felt definitely that afternoon that he had, in a sense, Arrived. This " arrival" of his had come slowly, almost imperceptibly. He had not, as he had once hoped he might, " burst upon the world " as a new figure in letters. He could look back upon many hours both of impatience and despair. He had had at first to work under difficulties ; to write novels and stories in the intervals of the necessary employment that had provided him with the means of life. Later, also, he had not dared to do quite his best work. He had had to keep his eye on the requirements of editors and publishers. But now. . . He found retrospect pleasant on this particular afternoon. There had been no special climax to exhilarate him, but the more important reviews of his last book had, as it were, suddenly lifted ; treating him for the first time as a novelist of recognised standing ; his publishers had sent him a friendly and very encouraging report of his sales, and mentioned that they were, also, selling now many of his earlier books ; he had had well-paid commissions for short stories ; and he had received a very good offer for the serialisation of his next novel, al - ready completed in manuscript, in an American magazine. Also, he had at last got settled into his new and altogether delightful house, a house that had an effect of dignity and leisure ; a house to which he would be proud to invite his many friends and acquaintances in the world of letters. And all these successes taken together and added to the fact that it was a glorious afternoon, had roused him during his solitary walk, to a warm and comforting sense of achievement, to the feeling that he had after all his struggles definitely and happily arrived. And he was only thirty-nine. He had still many years of robust and active enjoyment before him, years in which he would certainly do better work than he had ever done before. He turned into Herondale Park with the slight suggestion of a swagger in his walk. The free use of that Park was still another cause to be added in ac - counting for his sense of complacency. Lord Herondale was his new landlord 57 and had been very gracious and charming on the one occasion on which Ellis Bertram had met him. " And, of course, you will have the free run of the Park, " Lord Herondale had said. " I beg you to use it whenever you feel inclined to. " The dignity of letters, Bertram reflected, carried one anywhere. He and his wife would probably be invited to dine at the Manor when Lord Herondale re - turned in the autumn. By way of asserting his splendid prerogative, he turned into the path through the spinney that led into the private gardens of the Manor. He liked to feel that he was singled out, distinguished from the common crowd, a man of fame and culture, on an equal, by virtue of his calling, with the old English aristo - cracy ... He was startled out of his gorgeous reverie by the sound of passionate and unrestrained sobbing, and looking up saw a few yards ahead of him, the body of a youth stretched out on the ground with an effect of complete abandonment. He was lying on his face under a great elm, his head buried in his arms, and he was crying with a disregard of any possible audience that seemed to Ber - tram almost indecent. For a moment he was inclined to turn quietly back and leave this disturber of dreams alone with his grief. But Bertram was a kind, and conscientious man, and he knew that if he went without making the least effort to console this unhappy fellow-creature of his, he would presently suffer the stings of self reproach. Moreover, he would have to tell Nina when he got home, —he told her everything, — and she would be certain to ask him how he could have re - mained indifferent to the evidence of such misery. Dear Nina was always so anxious to help everyone. Nevertheless it was with a distinct feeling of intruding upon another's pri - vate affairs that he took a halting step or two in the direction of the prone figure. He had deliberately turned his head away, and he was startled by the abrupt cessation of the sobs, and the sudden hail of a voice. " Hallo ! what are you doing here ? This path is private, you know, " the voice said. Bertram turned and looked at the speaker. He was sitting up, now, though still with an effect of clumsy abandonment, — a slender youth of seventeen or eighteen, with dark hair and a striking though rather ugly face. His features were certainly not good. His eyes looked small under the bulk of a heavy forehead, over which straggled untidy wisps of dark hair. His nose had no particular shape, his mouth was pinched and at this moment rather peevish. Indeed his best feature was his firm, cleft chin. Yet there was something do - minating and powerful about his expression, an air of intrepidity and moral courage. 58 " I — I have had permission to come here from Lord Herondale, " Ber - tram explained politely. " I'm sorry if — if I disturbed you. " " Oh ! I suppose you're Ellis Bertram, aren't you ? " the boy replied care - lessly. " The chap who has taken ' The Dower' ? I read one of your books, the other day. I hope you won't expect me to say that I liked it ? " Bertram stiffened. " I don't excect you to say anything at all about it, " he said formally. " I'm naturally sorry that it doesn't please you ; but, of course ..." He shrugged his shoulders. The boy pursed his little mouth and regarded Bertram with a singularly direct stare. " Silly thing for me to say, I admit, "he remarked ; " but I've got a rotten habit of saying the first thing that comes into my mind. " He grinned as he added without the least sign of shame, ' Hinc illae lachrymae ' , you know. " Bertram found his temporarily alienated interest returning with greater force. " I can't pretend that I didn't see you crying, " he admitted. " I thought, perhaps, I might . . . that is, if I could help you in any way . . . ? " The boy's expression magically and beautifully changed. He sat up, pushed back the hair from his forehead, and his whole face was suddenly alight with interest. " I wonder if you could, "he said. " You're a writer, well-known and all that, and you must have a lot of influence. " "Do you mean that you want to be a writer, too ? " asked Bertram. "If you do, I . . . " " Oh! come and sit down, here" the boy interrupted impatiently. " I'll tell you all about it. " He pointed to the grass beside him as he spoke with a gesture that was almost a command. Bertram obeyed without hesitation. His first feeling of repulsion had now given way to one of attraction and interest. Moreover, an alluring fantasy had sprung into his mind. He had seen himself as the patron of youthful ta - lent ; as the discoverer of genius. It would, he thought, be in some sort the crown of his career to figure as the literary guardian of some new poet. He definitely hoped, though he did not pause to enquire why, that his protege would prove to be a poet. He had never, himself, attempted to write verse. " It's all that beast Herondale's fault, " the boy began at once. " I know people would say that I owe him a lot, and so I do. I'm ready to admit all that. But just the same he is a beast to me, in some ways. By the way, though, I don't suppose you know who I am ? Bertram had to admit his perfect ignorance on that matter. " But I've only been here a week or two, " he added, by way of apology. " I'm a by-blow, " the boy said without any appearance of shame in the 59 confession. " A sort of nephew of Herondale's. My mother was Lady Con - stance Fletcher, you know, Herondale's sister. She married old Fletcher and then eloped with my father who was a blackguard by all accounts, though I expect they say that just because he was unconventional. And then, poor chap, " the boy's tone was one of precocious cynicism, as he continued, " he had the ghastly misfortune of being a foreigner, and mixed at that. Eastern Europe, Magyar, Slovak, Ruthene, Slav — that sort of thing. Enough to damn anyone in the eyes of our precious English aristocracy. And a musician ! Pretty hopeless from Herondale's point of view wasn't it, — descended from Irish kings with just the right dash of good Engish stock to make him all that's solid and respectable ? Oh ! Lord ! well that's that. And I was born and my mother was dead, before old Fletcher had time to get his divorce through. " Then old Fletcher adopted me. Did the right thing. Frightfully gener - ous, and overlooking, and willing to forgive me for having got myself born in such dastardly bastardly circumstances. Ronald Fletcher, they call me. Trying to make out, I suppose, that old Fletcher was my father. Com - plimentary to him, rather, because he wasn't ever likely to have had children of his own. However, he withered away when I was eleven, and then Heron - dale took on the job of educating me. Marlborough, first; but I got expelled a year ago, as 'incorrigible.'" He shrugged his shoulders over the word, as if offering it to Bertram to translate as best he could. " And, now, I'm working here with a tutor, cramming for my entrance exam for Balliol. And whatever do you suppose Herondale proposes to do with me ? No, of course, you'd never guess. He wants me to go into the Civil Service ; Indian or Home, according as to how I turn out. He thinks it will have a soothing influence on me ; teach me how to conduct myself lowly and reverently to all my betters. He's so afraid of the blackguard strain in me, the Eastern European taint. Puts my getting pushed from Marlborough down to that; and imagines that he'll get rid of it by a course of pap and platitude. Holy Sinners ! what a fool he can be in some ways ! " " And you want to be a writer ? " Bertram putin at the first pause. He was impressed both by the boy's egotism and his conversational " style ". He certainly had a power of vivid expression. Even in that brief account of his life, Bertram had found, with a strange sense of discomfort, an aptitude for direct and forcible statement that he, himself, had always lacked. " Want to be ? I am, " Ronald Fletcher replied. " I don't say that what I've done up to now is any real good, but I know that it's much better than most of the stuff that's being published — bar verse, of course. " " Then it isn't verse you've written? " Bertram enquired, conscious of his disappointment. 60 Ronadl Fletcher leaned back against the trunk of the elm, and clasped his hands behind his head. " No, "he said reflectively after a brief interval. " I shall probably write verse, later ; but so far I haven't had the patience. The stuff conies so quickly, you see, and I have to get it down at once. The exigencies of the poetical form involve so much discipline. I shall come to that, in time ; at present I prefer the freedoms of prose. " " But good prose, surely ..." Bertram began. Ronald waved that aside. "Oh ! I know ; I know , " he said. " But it happens that my thoughts fall more naturally into prose. " " Would you let me see your — your essay is it ? — or whatever you've written ? " Bertram asked. " I would have, like a shot if I'd got it, " Ronald said. " I don't know how to describe it exactly. It was a kind of fantasy, half allegory and half romance. Rather good in parts, but it's just as well I destroyed it. " " You destroyed it ? " gasped Bertram, who had treasured his every line. " That was what the row was about and why I was blubbing just now," Ronald explained. " Herondale came down last night and after lunch to-day, we had a first-class row. Holy Sinners ! What a row it was ! He wouldn't give way an inch when I said I wanted to chuck everything and write. He had read my thing over night and said it ' showed promise' or some rot of that kind. It was then I tore it up and cursed him and came out here. I was onfy blubbing because I'd lost my temper. I work it off that way. I'm like that. " " You can re-write it, I suppose, " Bertram put in. " I could but I shan't, " Ronald said. " I've got a better idea, I want to get down. The other was only the sort of thing one begins with Just as well that it's out of the way. " " I wish I'd seen it all the same, " Bertram murmured. " Yes, it's a pity, especially if you're going to help me, " Ronald agreed. " But I'll get this other thing going pretty soon and then I'll read it to you. I expect you'll be a fairly decent judge even though you are on a different line yourself. " Bertram blushed faintly, remembering his companion's first greeting. "Ah ! yes, by the way, " he said, " you don't — er — care for my books, I infer. " " They're all right in a way, " Ronald said. " Frightfully carefully written and constructed — good craftsmanship and so on ; but there's no idea, no in - vention, no real guts in the one I read, — it was your last ' The Hill of Pro - mise .' Just a comment, hardly that, on a certain side of life ; all about tame, conventional people with no red blood in them. " Bertram shivered. All his dream had fallen from him. He saw himself 61 stripped ; left without a rag of complacency to cover him. What the boy had said was true. He had always known it was true, and had never dared to face the fact. He had no passion, no creative force, no real temperament. He was a patient and able craftsman, that was all. " You're very frank, " was all he said, but he said it humbly. Ronald looked at him with a sudden touch of contrition. "It was rotten of me to say that, "he admitted. " Just after you'd promised to help me, too. I shall have to cure myself of this beastly habit of saying whatever I think. " " No, no, " Bertram said. " Not with me, anyway. That's one of your gifts. It will get you into all sorts of trouble, but it's — it's a part of your genius. " Ronald instantly forgot his apology. " How can you tell I've got genius, " he said ; " when you've never seen a word that I've written ? " " Won't you, at least, give me credit for some intuition ? " Bertram asked. " Even if you can't find the evidence of it in my novels ? Ronald did not seem to hear that pathetic speech. He was staring out in front of him, and apparently regardless of Bertram's presence. " I suppose after all, " he said " that pretty nearly anyone except Herondale and his sort would know at once that I am a genius. That was what they really meant at Marlborough, when they said I was incorrigible. " He jumped to his feet with an air of relief as he continued, "I'm glad I met you. It has helped me to clear my ideas a bit ; and if Ido quarrel finally with Herondale I could come to you until I got launched. " " Certainly you might if you would care to, " Bertram agreed meekly. " But wouldn't it be better for you in every way if I were able to persuade Lord Herondale that it is his duty to let you express yourself in your own way ? " Ronald pursed his mouth and regarded Bertram thoughtfully. "My dear man, you'd have no earthly, " he said. Just for a moment, however, some faint reflection of his dream had returned to Bertram. "Ah ! there, you're wrong, "he said, speaking for the first time with an effect of superior " You see, whatever your own opinion of my books may be, I have achieved a certain standing in letters ; and you will find that Lord Herondale will at least give attention and consideration to any - thing I have to say on my own subject. But first of all, you must let me see some of your work ; until then I shall have no locus standi ..." He would have gone on, but Ronald cut him short. "Oh ! all right, " he said, and turned away as he spoke and began to walk back towards the Ma - nor. In a moment, he had changed from the brilliant young genius to a sulky 62 schoolboy. Bertram had offended him by demonstrating that in this particu lar thing he was wiser than Ronald, himself. Bertram sighed as he watched the gauche and rather ungainly figure moon - ing up the path. Yet even before he reached the gate into the Manor grounds, another change was manifested in him. He unexpectedly [lifted his head and began to run. He had forgotten the merited reproof, no doubt, and was con - templating his own brilliant future. The sound of a faint shout of triumph came back to Bertram along the avenue. It was another Ellis Bertram that made his way home across the Park, a humbled and chastened author who had seen the truth about his work all too clearly and painfully revealed. Yet before he reached home, he was in the air again. For illumination came to him suddenly, blindingly. He saw where he had failed. Those characters of his that had no " red blood in them " were echoes of himse'f. They had been too gentle, too considerate in their dealings with their fellowmen. Now, he had recognised for the first time in his life the ruthless egotism of genius. He could never imitate that in his life, but, by Heaven, he could portray it in a novel. The book, indeed, was already beginning to unfold itself in his mind vivid and enthralling. It would be his masterpiece. It would be a book that not even Ronald Fletcher himself, could despise. 2. Ellis Bertram had undoubtedly many of the gifts and abilities of the liter - ateur, and chief among them was the power to live in the world of his own im - agination. The effects of the moment's illumination that had come to him in the course of his first meeting with Ronald Fletcher, were only transient. Indeed, he could not have lived long with that stark image of his own capacities. His interview with Lord Herondale, some ten days after his agreement with Ronald, served to reinstate Bertram in his own esteem. Lord Herondale was not only courteous and flattering, he was, also, willing to pay his visitor the final compliment of allowing himself to be convinced. Ronald came in, gauche and sulky, at the end of the interview and his uncle broke the good news to him. " Mr. Bertram whose authority I find myself unable to oppose, " Lord He - rondale said, " has persuaded me, Ronald, that you have a most unusual gift for writing. " " Pretty obvious, " Ronald muttered with a shrug of his shoulders. "My dear boy, " his uncle reproved him. " You may, perhaps, remember 63 that many of our most famous poets were slow in winning recognition ; and whatever your gifts, you may count yourself uncommonly lucky in winning the approval of so eminent and influential an author as Mr. Ellis Bertram at the outset of your career. " Bertram took that thought home with him and cherished it. Other peo - ple besides Lord Herondale, he reflected, also regarded him as 'eminent and influential. ' He must have very unusual talent to have earned that descrip - tion. Nina confirmed him in that opinion. Also, she outdid him in the judg - ment that Ronald was a self-centred and arrogant youth whose criticisms were warped and undependable . . . And it was in this mood of self-confidence that Bertram presently intro - duced Ronald Fletcher to publishers, editors and the public ; a mood that was upheld and encouraged by the result. Indeed, his Introduction to Ronald's first book received more attention in the reviews than the book itself. Ber - tram was the sponsor, he was the known figure, and he undoubtedly won fresh prestige by this evidence of his acumen and insight. He was more written about and more courted as a consequence. And when his next novel came out in book form after its serialisation in the English and American magazines, it beat all his previous records for circulation. Truly, it seemed that his dream on that momentous afternoon in Herondale Park, had been only a shadow of the glorious reality. Of Ronald, himself, Bertram saw very little in those days. Lord Heron - dale had apparently thrown up the sponge, made his nephew an allowance and given him carte blanche to hang himself in his own way. Ronald had accepted the gift of liberty as his natural right and for a time had gone to live in Paris, though he had expressed his intention of " doing " Eastern Europe, later. Bertram, thus freed from any responsibility other than the occasional ad - vertisement of Ronald's — and incidentally his own — name by articles in the more literary weeklies, settled down after the applause had somewhat sub - sided, to write his masterpiece. He had ample leisure for that, now. He was free from the financial worries that had clouded his earlier career and was no longer harassed by the necessity for haste. That this book would be a master - piece, neither Bertram nor his devoted, admiring wife had the least doubt. Never before had he been so brilliant and convincing in his characterisation, nor so happy in his descriptive passages. Almost for the first time in his life, he felt genuinely inspired, full of creative force, brimming with ideas. Only one aspect of the book a little alarmed him. His chief character was an all too vivid and startling portrait of Ronald Fletcher. And he could not change it, because it was the salient achievement of the story. He had pictured Ronald's career at school, his early struggles to get a hearing, and 64 then with what had certainly seemed to him a flash of genius had given him a bragging and unmoral love-affair with a beautiful woman ten years older than himself. That had appealed both to Bertram and his wife, as being conclus - ively and indubitably " right It had the authentic ring of truth. And that affair and all the incident of the book arose naturally and inevitably from the character of the chief figure. If that character were altered, the whole book would ring false and unreal. It was not, however, until four years after Bertram's first sight of Ronald Fletcher that the book was finished. In the interim, he had written and pub - lished another successful novel in his familiar manner, a novel that had not, for some reason, quite maintained his reputation. One reviewer had hinted that the author was " written out ". Bertram and Nina had smiled at that review, knowing what a surprise they had in store for critics and public. But in that interval, Ronald Fletcher, young as he was, had already made his mark. His originality, his unorthodoxy, his fertility which had begun by shocking English readers, had now begun to impress them. He was abused and read. The writers of Bertram's school were intensely jealous of the intru - sions of this iconoclast, but they could not quench him by adverse criticism, however academic. He had impressed his personality on the public. There were endless stories about him. At twenty-two, Ronald Fletcher was more than a man of extraordinary promise ; he was a figure in literature ; and the unprejudiced spoke of him as the rival of Chatterton and Keats. Everyone had long ago forgotten the fact that he had been discovered by Bertram. Flet - cher, it was understood, must have been " discovered " by the first discriminat - ing reader who saw his work. 3. Ronald was reconciled, now, to his uncle, Lord Herondale, and was actually staying at the Manor when Bertram received the copy of his magnum opus back from the typist. And as Bertram read through the book in its new aspect, the thought came to him that he would like Ronald himself to read it, before it went out to the world. Even now, that old criticism of his rankled a little, occasionally ; and he felt that he could not wait until publication before he finally justified himself in the sight of the man whose opinion had so horribly condemned him four years earlier. Nina heartily agreed in this plan ; but she was a little spiteful. She wanted Ronald to see how he looked in the eyes of all decent people. She thought that Bertram's book " ought to do Master Fletcher, a lot of good. " Ronald sighed when the request was made to him, but granted it rather 65 5 as though it were a duty which he could not shirk. Bertram was a little piqued, but consoled himself with the thought of the effect he was going to make. He gave the manuscript to Ronald before lunch, and mentally allowed him a couple of days in which to read it. He was surprised when just as he and Nina were sitting down to dinner they saw Ronald coming up the drive to the Dower with the manuscript in his hands. " He can't possibly have read it in the time, " Nina ejaculated. " I sup - pose we shall have to ask him to dinner. " As the maid went to open the door, Nina told her to show Mr. Fletcher into the dining-room. He came in a moment later, dropped the manuscript on the dinner table, and sat down, without any greeting to either Bertram or Nina, in an arm chair away from the table. " You'll join us at dinner ? " Nina said, on a note of reproof, but Ronald shook his head. Bertram found himself trembling with nervousness. " You've never read the book so soon ? " he said. Ronald glowered at him. "Of course, I've read it,"he replied. " And — and — what's your ..." Bertram began, but Nina interrupted him by saying : " Isn't it a masterpiece, Mr. Fletcher ? Even you must admit that . " Ronald took no notice of her, but kept his eyes steadily fixed on Bertram. " What are you going to do with it ? " he asked. "Oh ! well, — publish it, " Bertram said with a nervous laugh. " You didn't think I was — er — going to — to bury it, did you ? " Ronald got up and began to pace the room. " I'll grant you it's good, " he said. " The best thing you've ever done or ever will do. " Bertram flushed slightly. He intensely appreciated the compliment, while resenting the rider. " But you can't publish it, " Ronald said. Nina sniffed her contempt. Bertram smiled with a touch of condescension. "My dear old chap, " he protested. Ronald turned on him. All the anger had gone out of his face, and had given way to a look of dominance and settled resolution. " Where did you get that story from ?" he asked. " The story of me and 'Lady Adelaide ' ? " " I got it out of my imagination, " Bertram said with a faint complacency. " It seemed to me so exactly the sort of thing you would do. " "You think that I'd sacrifice her — the woman you imagined — to my 66 egotism ? " Ronald replied. " You believe that if I did have a love-affair like the one'you've drawn, that I should always think first of myself and my own credit, comfort, reputation and the rest of it ? " Bertram pursed his mouth. " Honestly, I do, " he said. Ronald came forward and leaned his hands on the table. He was star - ing straight into Bertram's eyes, as he said, " Oh ! how lamentably you fail, Ellis Bertram ! How small your inagination is. You can't avoid, even in your best book, the mechanical, the conventional, the expected. You've drawn me well, just as far as you've been able to observe me, you've even, — withthe one touch of genius you've ever shown, — imagined the kind of woman I might fall in love with. But then, " he lifted his hands with a gesture of despair, " how you fail! All the rest of the story is merely a muddled rechauffe of the stuff you've read, about men of my sort, all the commonplace, dramatic stuff that ..." But Nina could stand it no longer. " Nonsense, my dear boy, " she inter - rupted him sharply. " You're just talking boastful, arrogant nonsense. What does your opinion amount to after all ? " Ronald did not condescend to look at her as he replied, "It amounts to this, " he said still with his eyes on Bertram, " that as it happens, I have the facts to confute you. You've drawn, or tried to draw, me in your book, now you shall know the truth. I have ... I mean there is ... " For the first time in the Bertrams' experience, Ronald was faltering in his speech. "You mean that there has been, is, some woman in your life ? " Bertram prompted him. He nodded. " Is, " he said gently. "Oh ! yes, there is, there always must be. And I haven't sacrificed her. I couldn't, though she's willing to be sacrificed for me. " No, no, I'd sooner give up writing than that, " he continued, offering what was so evidently to him the ultimate renunciation. He paused for a mo - ment before he added with a sudden renewal of his earlier fury. " And good God, your dirty little book, Ellis Bertram, would expose everything. It is near enough, in a way, to confirm the little scandals that I haven't been able altogether to avoid. Publish that book, and everything will come out. It won't hurt me. She'll come to me then, and the notoriety will only advertise me. I shall have everything that I can desire. But, oh I know so infernally well, that it would kill her. Her husband's a devout Roman Catholic. There can never be any question of divorce. And she'd wither. She's not the right kind of woman to make that sacrifice, Bertram ; and she doesn't know it, her - self. She's always been up in the big world, and she can't realise what life with me would be like, in these circumstances. But I can ! Oh ! God, why do I 67 know these things, so truly ? If only I could believe that I might be wrong for once! " He seemed to have forgotten the Bertrams. He had thrown himself back into the arm chair, he was leaning forward with his face in his hands, absorbed in his own misery. Nina opened her mouth, glanced at her husband, and then decided for si - lence. She wanted desperately to disbelieve Ronald, and she could not. She had never known him to speak anything but the truth. Did not his whole re - putation rest on the fact that his love for the truth, as he saw it, outweighed every other consideration ? Bertram had pushed back his chair and was staring up at the ceiling. " Ronald, " he said after what seemed a very long interval. " Well, " Ronald muttered still with his head in his hands. " If I altered that book ? " Bertram began. " You'd have to do it out of all recognition, " Ronald said, looking up. " But supposing, I write the truth, " Bertram suggested, " showed how you sacrificed yourself and your career, everything, to — to your love ? " " Everyone would recognise the facts and disbelieve your deduction, " Ro - nald said. Bertram plunged his hands into his pockets and sighed deeply. " 111 admit that I can't publish it, as it is, " he confessed, glancing at Nina. " No, dear, perhaps you can't, " she consoled him ; " but I'm quite certain that you could make just as wonderful a book of it, if you got away from the real facts altogether. I'm sure you could invent something just as interesting and lifelike. " Bertram and Ronald were looking at each other, now. They knew. And in that moment they recognised each other as fellow-craftsmen, for Ronald saw then what hitherto his prejudice had led him to overlook, namely that at heart Bertram was an artist with the passionate love for truth in his soul, only his circumstances and the weakness of his power of imagination so often blinded him. " I suppose it's the only way, " Bertram said softly. Ronald got up, then, and leaned over him putting his arm across his should - ers. "By Heaven, old man, I'm sorry, "he whispered. " I know what an awful thing I'm asking you to do. But we understand one another don't we ? You're one of my sort. " That was Bertram Ellis's apotheosis, his final achievement in the world of letters, though none knew it but himself. For he never published another book. He tried, if only to please Nina, to alter his great novel. (In spite of Ronald's censure, Bertram still found the seeds of greatness in that novel). But he did it mechanically, and so badly that even the adoring Nina was 68 dissatisfied and told him that he wanted a long rest. And somehow that rest continned. His financial circnmstances demanded no further output, and he told Nina that the desire to write had temporarily gone from him. If any consolation were needed, she found it in his stress on the word " temporarily ", and her conviction that his reputation was already permanently established. It was really wonderful how his old books kept on selling in the cheap edi - tions . . . It was nearly five years after the interview in the Ellis's dining-room that Iyord X— died of pneumonia, and when, after an interval that some critics judged to be too short by a whole fifteen months, his widow married the fa - mous Ronald Fletcher, Bertram sent him the original manuscript of his " great novel " for a wedding-present. " I could have published it once, " he wrote in the accompanying letter, " but I value your opinion more than any public applause. You hailed me once as one of your own sort, and I am content with that. " Ronald showed the letter and the manuscript to his wife, " Ellis is a good chap, " was his comment; " and he had some of the qualities of the artist, but no imagination. " But Bertram never heard that comment; and he was content with his apotheosis. Though there are still occasions when he is inclined to believe Nina's confident assertion that one day he will write a really great book. J. D. Beresford. William Grapper. "The Second from the end is a peach„. William Grapper. The Chess Game. 70 HOSPITAL NIGHTS. I. Ivie still, you girl, with arms like thin white moonbeams, Or twist your pillow from that patch of sky— Mauve-rose awning over herded lights, Where spangled women Go forth to love and eat. Why do you listen — you with the life in you lying Heavily-cold as a dead child — To life throbbing hot and lusty enough to shake the peace of stars With their white roots in God ? II. Sometime .. . when the nurse has padded off softly, turning the light out. . . If your soul should smile ... as it crowds you into a corner . . . Do not let it beguile You to a duel of looks . . . Draw over your body more than a sheet, Leaving no slit at the head or the feet. It must be from a covered place That you look your soul in the face. III. Nurse, with hair like clotted honey, What is it that is always creeping and moving 71 Back of the lights in your eyes ? Eyes that are glossily brown As the back of a queen bee That soars with her mate into the blue . To clinch and grapple and sway . . . Ivight lancing light under a flashing sky . Till she circles alone Over a plunge . . . and a gray trailing . . . Nurse, with heavily swaying thighs, Do the men you tend flinch and quiver As you hover close in the darkness ? IV. The Salvation Army lass Lay very still all day. Her body seemed to depend from her eyes Eyes eager-blue as marbles That have rolled in many gutters, Yet stayed miraculously clean. Now her hands monotonously Scoop up the shallow moonlight, Pale as weak lemonade, That spills through her fingers Over the white sheet. The moon is of little account here, With that strong light in the corridor. Now over the Battery— All the bay to herself And Sunday boats coming in— The moonll be bright as Jesus, Walking upon the water. Lola Ridge. 72 FAIRY TALE. when everyone was young, and no sorrow had come into the world, and the fairies did not hide in flowers and under stones, there lived in a castle built of shining copper that was always like a lantern in the firwood at night, a king, who had a daughter, and she could not speak, except in whispers. The princess, whose name was Malourisan, after the West wind of that country, and who had black hair like a crow's wing, was never understood, because she could only whisper. And so she went about the castle, smiling to herself, some - times sad, sometimes merry she whispered to the long silver mirrors she whispered to the roses that clung about the window of the tower in which she lived for she had much to say, many beautiful things to tell but noone ever understood except the roses who nodded in the wind when Malou - risan whispered to them the roses undestood, a little, and so they smelled their sweetest to please the Princess Malourisan and when she plucked them to tie in her black hair that was like a crow's wing.... they clung to her and laid their cheeks, which were always the colour of love, against hers, and they lived as long as they could to be near the Princess Malourisan and when they had faded she put them away in a blue jar to remind her of yesterday's secrets and some she laid tenderly among the silken gar - ments that she wore when she was sad in a chest of sweet sandalwood the mirrors, when she whispered to them, smiled at her, a little sadly, as if to say.... " We know so much.... we have seen so many beautiful things... and yet we must always just listen and never speak but we under - stand, just the same ". And the mirrors loved her, too The white peacock, when she went to him, to whisper the things that she must tell the things she knew of love and dreamed of life these two are one and the same..... the peacock sang to her, for peacocks really sang then before fairies hid themselves in flowers and under stones peacocks only stopped singing when — but that is another story ! But the peacock sang only of his beautiful eyes his thousand beautiful eyes and he never understood 73 The king her father had summoned all the magi and all the great meta - physicians in seven realms but none of them could make the Princess Malourisan speak above a whisper and of course the king, whose name was Iran, could not hear what she said for he was old, and deaf and had forgotten all that he knew of love and had never dreamed of life.... And King Iran had sent abroad in all the world, messengers, to say that whoever could give the Princess speech, above a whisper, should marry her, and be given the castle of copper that was like a lantern in the dark fir - wood, and the white peacock and all the thousand mirrors of silver that were in the castle but if he should fail, who tried, his eyes were extin - guished, like candles for the king made this the penalty, that whoso tried to give the Princess speech, and failed, was not worthy longer to look upon the world. And so, as time went on, the dark firwood was filled with blind princes and beggars, and artists and luteplayers who lived in hollow trees one day the Princeess Malourisan went down to the stream in the firwood to bathe for she loved the cool green water where the feather - clouds floated, and sweet voices greeted her.... and beautiful golden dragon - flies came to rest upon her black hair when she spread it out upon the flat stones warmed by the sun for the Princess knew that the sun brings perfume to everything that it touches she went always to bathe at noon for was not everyone blind in the firwood ? some had tried to understand by chattering themselves but this is not the way to understand anyone who has many beautiful things to say of love and dreams and they were justly made blind As the Princess stood by the stream, upon a warm, round stone, that was flat like a l;ly-pad, and that made her little feet feel as if they were kissed and her soft garments fell about her like leaves and as she leaned over to look into the stream at herself she was sad "Will noone ever listen to me ? " And the dragonflies flew about her head and made an airy golden crown for her And as she whispered to the stream she heard a still little crooning voice, whispering back to her " Now it cannot be the stream " she said to herself "the stream is like my silver mirrors it loves me, but it cannot answer me. " But the stream had little feet to run with, and a voice to ask the way and be flippant to the toads and did not have to stay tiresomely in one place, like the sil - ver mirrors and the stream had been in many places, and knew many secrets So the stream smiled up at the Princess Malourisan and whispered gently "Tell me tell me tell me And then she knew that the stream could speak, and she leaned over until 74 the ends of her black hair fell upon the face of the stream, and she whispered... " no one loves me I am sad no one listens to me ! send some - one to love with me to dream with me..... I have so much to tell but only to someone who loves me " And the stream stopped only long enough to hear these things, and to kiss the ends of the Princess Malourisan's hair and then went running and tumbling down through the forest singing " I'm going I'm going I kn0w..... I know I know where to go " And then the princess was happy, and went back to the castle of copper that was like a lantern in the firwood, whispering to herself little happy things and dancing through the firwood as lightly as rain upon the leaves and all the blind beggars and princes and luteplayers and artists in their hollow trees awoke, and wished that they could see for they knew that some - thing very beautiful had happened and the Princess climbed up into her tower and blew a kiss from her fingers to the stately silver mirrors and they blew kisses back to her and she went to the window and took three roses and scattered their petals upon the f100r.... and opened the chest of sandalwood in which she kept her silken garments that she wore when she was sad and shook out the faded roses from them and dressed herself in them and danced among the scattered rose-.leaves upon the floor for she knew that the stream would hurry with her secret and take it far away, and tell it to the right one but one roseleaf she kept Through the forest and the fields along the roads and past the willows and under the bridges gathering the letters that the plum trees threw down, and the pollen for the market the stream ran, singing and whis - pering and smiling until it came to the city and there, every afternoon the stream played in a marble basin of a fountain and tossed sunbeams up and caught them and called out to any who passed that way.... but none stopped to listen, for they sought nothing but one came, and he was lonely, and he knew why and thought there was no remedy and as ever, when he passed that way, he stopped to listen to the story of the water Today it sang "Follow me.... follow me follow me far away there is a firwood and a round stone and a castle beyond the light of day some one is waiting and will - ing and wishing and dreaming and dancing come quickly come quickly come softly come away " And that one set off to the margin of the town where the stream came in. .... and there he heard again " Follow me follow me.... 75 follow me " And on he ran .... past the willows and the sleeping fields and the thoughtful roads and the listening plumtrees and the bridges that no one knew until he came to the firwood and through the lirwood he ran until he came to a flat round stone that was still warm from the sun though dusk walked the wood and there he saw two eyes like candle-panes and he heard a whispering voice like a little silver bell upon a censer in a still church a voice that was sad and merry and merry and sad and tender and merry and sad again And the stream whispered softly out of slumber " Here he is here she is here he is I found him I told him I brought him I love you I" but the stream had run far and was asleep for the princess had grown tired of waiting in the tower and had come down to the stream to whisper and to wait for she knew that the stream was wise and truthful and trustworthy and under - stood And as she whispered he whom the stream had brought listened and he knew but you know, yourself. ... if you can dream of life Donald Corley. 76 MAPLE-SUGAR SONG. When the first warm days and frosty nights of the spring-thaws usher in the season of maple-sugaring, the Otter-tail Indians pitch camp in their favorite sugar-bush. Be - fore the real work of sugar-making is begun, however, the Indians go through a ceremony. They gather a few buckets of the first rim of the sap and boil the first kettle of sap, down to sugar. At night a feast is spread in honor of Way-nah-bo-zhoo, a mythological guardian spirit of the Chippewas. At the feast one place is left vacant for Way-nah-bo-zhoo who is expected to attend the ceremony in spirit, to eat the first sugar which has been prepared solely for him, and to bless the Indians in the sugar-season. " Maple-Sugar Song " is an interpretation — in no sense a translation or transcrip - tion, for no specific words are uttered — of the spirit and the emotional content of the chants sung in this ceremony. I. Ho-yo-ho-ho ! Ho-yo-ho-ho ! . . . yo-ho ! . . . Way-nah-bo-zhoo, big spirit of our brother, Come thou and bless us, for the maple flows, And the Moon-of Sugar-Making is upon us. The nights are white with frost; the days are yellow With sunshine, and now the sap of the maple-tree, Humming the sugar-song, goes up the stem With dancing feet. The gabbling geese come tumbling Out of the wind and into the wet mush-kaig In clattering families ; among the reeds The fat old women-geese go chattering Of winter-lands; and gathered on the shore, Shouting with hearts glad to be home again, The old men strut in council, and flutter and snort. Ah-chee-dah-mo, the spluttering tail-up squirrel, Pokes his blue whiskers from his hole in the oak, And scurries up and down the swaying branches, — 77 He runs in six directions, all over the earth, Hurrying, looking everywhere for somebody, Something he cannot find, — nor does he know Why the green wet days should be so bitterly sweet. Ho ! The yellow birch throbs, for she knows the pain of life, Of swelling limbs and bursting buds ; she stands With naked arms stretched out to the warm gray rains, With hungry arms that tremble for her lover, For See-gwun, the Maker-of-Little-Children, who comes With soft blue feet that rustle the fallen leaves ! — Hear thou the maple-water dripping, dripping, The cool sweet-water dripping upon the birchbark ! — Ho ! the Moon-of-Sugar-Making is upon us ! Ho-yo-ho-ho ! H6-yo-ho-ho ! . . . yo-ho ! . . . Hear thou our prayers, o Brother, Way-nah-bo-zhoo ! — Hear, thou who made the flat green earth for us To dance upon, who folds us in his hands Tenderly as a woman holds a broken bird In winter, thou our Brother who hung the sun Upon the sky to give us warmth and life, And the wet moon to make us cool and clean ; Hear, thou who made the hills and the timber-beasts That roam among them, who made the sliding rivers And silver fish that shiver in the pools, — That there might be wild meat for empty bellies ; Hear, thou who made cold rapids in the canyons, Wild waterfalls, and springs in the cool green hollows, — That there might be sweet-water for parching tongues ; Hear, thou who gave us thy mother, All-Mother Earth, That she might feed her children from her bosom —- Ah-yee ! Way-nah-bo-zhoo, come thou on this night With blessings as the maple-water flows ; Make thou a song to our heavy-breasted mother, 78 And pray thou that her children may not hunger,— For now is the night for maple-sugar feasting. Ho-yo-ho-ho ! H6-yo-h6-ho ! . . . yo-ho ! . . . From the long cold of winter-moons, our eyes Are deep, our hands like the bundled veins and talons Of buzzard birds. Before the winter-winds The moose have run to other lands for feeding ; The rabbits have vanished as the snow, — a plague Left a strange red sickness in their withered mouths. Even old Gahg, the clumsy porcupine, No longer finds his way to our roasting-pots, — We boil his yellow bone-ribs many times —- Ugh ! Our teeth grow soft without strong meat to eat. Ho ! Way-nah-bo-zhoo, hear thou our many tears Dropping among the dead leaves of winter ; Pray thou, and ask our grandmother, Waking-Earth, To take us in her arms, to make us warm With food, to hold us safe upon her bosom. Our mouths go searching for her mighty breasts, Where the maple-milk comes flowing from the trees, — Ah-yee! Brother, pray thou now the Mother-One To give us freely of her sugar-sap, The good sweet-water of her bursting breasts— For the Moon-of-Sugar-Making is upon us ! Ho-yo-ho-ho ! Ho-yo-ho-ho ! . . . yo-ho ! Ho ! II. And if the sap flows thin with water, our hearts Will hold no bitterness ; for we shall know That long ago in thy wisdom thou decreed That out mother's milk might never be too thick, Fearing that we should gather plenty sugar 79 With little labor and soon grow sick with food And slow to move our legs, like glutted bear — Ho ! We are a faithful children of the soil; We toil with eager hearts and patient hands. And if our birchen baskets crack and leak The gathered sap, our tongues will speak no evil, — We know that thou, our Brother, in thy love For those of the Otter-tail totem, whipped the growing Birch tree until the bark was cracked and cut With round black stripes, — that our birchen pails might leak The silver sap, that thus all Indian children, Laboring long with many steps, might never Grow soft and fat with idling in the bush. Ho ! We are a faithful children of the soil; We toil with eager hearts and patient backs. Hi! Way-nah-bo-zhoo ! Hear thou, o mighty one, Who folds us in his tender hands as a woman Holding a broken bird in the winter-wind, Come thou and bless us on this night of feasting; Pray thou our mother to take us in her arms, To hold us warm upon her great brown bosom, To give us freely of her maple-water, The good sweet-water of her swelling breasts. And if we labor long, our lips will speak No bitterness, for our arms are strong for hauling, Eager for many buckets of sweet sap, For syrup dancing its bubbles up and down In the kettles, to the bubble-dancing song. Ho ! For we are a faithful children of the soil; We toil with trusting hearts and patient fingers, — And now is the Moon-of-Maple-Sugar-Making ! Ho-yo-ho-ho ! Ho-yo-ho-ho ! . . . yo-ho ! . . . Ho! Lew Sarett. 80 BAMBINO'S BEGINNING. I. Fabrizia was the love of Agostino. For some months he had felt that life to him was contact with the unique chemical of her personality. " Continue to be a chemical for me! "he exclaimed to her one day. " Every word you say does inexplicable things ; I have consulted the biologists, the phy - sico-chemists, the biometrists, the psychologists, even the hydrographers — who study tides — and the physicists, but they have no light to offer, and agree in one thing only, envy ! " Fabrizia disliked being called a chemical, but she replied, " Your words warm my blood to a degree beyond that permitted by science as sane, or by religion as holy. " 2. Said Agostino, who was a student of eugenics, " I am sure that a Bambino sprung from our mingling in the open beauty of earth and sky would grow up more stalwart, more beguiling, more ornate, than one conceived in a city cham - ber, a chamber in a honeycomb of similar chambers along the narrow dusty streets of cities/' " So long as God makes me mother of a child, when and where the seed be sown matters little, " returned Fabrizia. "It is within me, between bone and bone, that he will grow stalwart, beguiling, ornate, if so you desire him to be, and come to the hour of his birth " We have no statistics on this vital subject, " said Agostino, " but I am sure that the fairest and noblest of the race had fair and noble places for their beginning. The heavens were plumed with thunder at the moment Hercules was conceived ; and she whose beauty was woven from the crimson fleece of clouds, the snowy foam of waves, what lone peninsula was that upon which her sire seized her mother ? It is improbable that shoulders which supported 81 6 a world, or eyes which ruled it, could owe anything to the oppressive chambers of a metropolis. " " God is everywhere, " persisted Fabrizia, wondering why He had sent her heart a youth so foolish as Agostino. " Shall lovers with only a straw mattress in a bye-street be defrauded of their right to bring forth inventors and martyrs ? Nay, I dare say many a man and maid have gone naked up into high mountains, . and gazed down upon the world, and their offspring was a profiteer or a publi - can. Not what is without, but what is within, sets spark to the new life, whose burning shall be seen across centuries. " " You are not versed in the new romances, " said Agostino, with a sadness. 3. No one suspected, as Agostino and his love alighted from the diligence at a lonely turn in the coast road, that they were bent upon a mighty errand. Fa - brizia still could not understand why Agostino had brought her so far upon so simple a mission. Nature was all very well; but the urban haunts of man were not destitute of poetry. Yet she was always ready for Agostino's embraces, and she stifled her vexation. If he preferred the open, what harm was there in that ? The sun was blistering, and Fabrizia rejoiced that she had worn her picture hat, a Viennese confection too unusual even for city afternoons. Her shepherd staff with the orange ribbon was of great service too, so uneven a surface did the floor of earth present to her exquisite high-heeled slippers. The lovers reached the summit of a bluff, and by a precarious path descended to a beach where white sand went in and out of walls of boulders. " The ruins of forgotten rites, " observed Fabrizia, pausing with interest and yet with apprenhension. " Shall we be happy among them in this crushing presence of sea and sky ? " " These walls are votive tablets, " explained Agostino, " where, in loyalty to a fabled goddess of the sea, men and maids have wreathed together their in - itials. " And he pointed to a transfixed heart cut in the granite, with a date two centuries old. " Their flowers have faded, " sighed the lady, " and still th e tides go in and out of the sunny caves they lay in. Soon we too must be gone, and other lovers will come and plait their garlands here. O, lam filled with a homesickness. " Who, lackning human affection, give themselves over unto despair ; who, deprived of solicitude, see themselves eaten of time and change, to these by pre - ference was the ministry of Fabrizia. Moving therefore among the votive walls, she gave some kisses; and some, garlands of kelp; and some she caressed, letting 82 her fingers follow the course of the chisel, mindful of the sanctity of the occa - sions they commemorated, and of the great respect due to such tokens of our desire : that those hieroglyphs henceforth need not consider themselves ne - glected, and left unwept to the inhuman cunning of waves. " We shall be gone from here, " agreed Agostino, " but centuries of being together await us. Fabrizia, mark the blue horizon. " " It is not blue, " said Fabrizia, " it is a thin luminous green. " " No, it is blue, " insisted Agostino. " Fabrizia, mark the horizon ; forget the populous towns behind us, where the minds of lovers are haunted by their fellow-men, and not by the vastness of the Mother. Give me endless things that melt one into another ; give me elements unstable, so lacking in line and mass that they remove reality. Even to the vertigo of them, I love them. " " The sea is lovely, " admitted Fabrizia, " but cities are more lovely. " She lifted her arms in the broad sunshine, and her resentment at Agostino faded. Here in the open his idiocy did not matter so much. "The sea calls to me, " she cried, " the white arms of the surf beckon me. Agostino was aware of two gray gulls by the shore, which at a single instant wheeled off over the deep. It was an omen. They went down together to the blue ; and the waves approached them, crested and lustrous. But the waves seemed to Fabrizia like promising young business men and other naturalists, who one after another filed petitions in spiritual bankruptcy. She kept the morbid impression to herself. 4. The bronzed Agostino lay on the sands, his elbows dug into the warmth of them, his chin in his palms, and gazed up and down the surf for Fabrizia. At last she emerged, coming ashore upright in the spray of a gray-green roller. Her eyes were half-closed against the sun, and a sea-vine, was tangled in her hair. He thought of Correggio, the bright eyes of whose angelic ladies testify to a virginity of spirit rather than of body. " And you, the beautiful, do not appreciate Nature and her works, " said Agostino, reproachfully. " How can my devotion to her fail, when she has borne you, when she has borne me ? " inquired Fabrizia, still ivory where going and coming waters glistened about her ankles, and filled the partings of her toes with sand. Weary, and needing repose, they found a seaward gazing cave. But alas, as they were spreading velvets and silks on its crystal floor, they were interrupted by the apparition of an elderly naturalist. Unaware of the sacred proxim - ity of two who had come hither at high noon as priests move toward the mass, 83 lie knelt on the sand not five yards away from them, and examined crnstacea through a microscope. "It is the eminent Professor Settimio, " whispered Agostino. " He has devoted his life to insects, centipedes, spiders and crustaceans. " " You amaze me, " said Fabrizia. " God forbid that he turn his eye upon us. " But the aged savant struggled to his feet, and without a glance in their direction, ambled on along the beach. Passing as mysteriously as he had appeared, the lovers were never to know whether [the remains of shrimp, lobster or crab had occupied his gaze, or whether it was not a question of malacostraca at all, but rather of infinitesimal fish-lice, and of barnacles. " It was this Settimio, " continued Agostino, " who first made me feel how very zoological, nay how botanical we are ; being veritable gardens from one point of view, and of the substance of leaves, of fruits and flowers, of plumed wings and restless tentacles. " " Fabrizia dear, I gaze at you ; and then, as in dreams, I sink past tier and tier of strange foliage down to my most ecstatic depths, to an inebriate region „ life's sub-cellar, as it were, and lie among the vats ! " " Modernism, " reflected Fabrizia, wiping a tear from her eye at this ex - traordinary account of love's ecstasy, " Modernism, that elaborate retreat from all that is staple and true, is conducted by minds such as this Settimio's. " At the thought she marvelled. Her Roman depths stirred by the insuf - ferable lunacy of the romantic Agostino, which had subjected her to so painful an encounter, no less than by terror of the stranger's curious life, wherein cen - tipedes had been glorified and prawns embraced, she deliberately folded her ring-finger against the soft stone of the cave-wall, and scratched upon it a sacrificial cross. Haniel Long. 84 EINSTEIN AND THE POETS. Anthologies, like the poor, we have always with us. And with practically no exceptions, these heterogeneous collections of orthodox and hetero-geniu - ses, run true to their lifeless form. It has remained for the youngest of Ameri - can anthologists to achieve a radical departure from the collector's norm. "If one leaves it to a lot of scattered poets one will have nothing more than a lot of scattered verse, " writes Mr. Untermeyer. " Mere editorship, no matter how selective, is not enough. " How then does the author of " The New Adam " expect to accomplish his ends ? Succinctly, by writing the entire anthology himself. And the binding subject, the leitmotif ? Nothing more or less than the Einstein Theory of Relativity ! The following excerpts are what Mr. Unter - meyer believes might result if certain outstanding American minnesingers were forced to record their reactions concerning the Weight of Light, Deflection of Solar Rays, Non-Euclidean Warps in Space, Anti-Newtonian Substitutes for Gravitation and Time as a Fourth Dimension. The compiler, it may be well to add, has engaged counsel to defend him in all libel suits that may result. RELATIVITIES. by EDW-N ARLIN-TON ROBINS-N. What wisdom have we that by wisdom all Sources of knowledge which the years suggest, Hidden in rubric, stone or palimpsest, Will turn and answer us because we call. About us planets rise and systems fall Where, lost to all but matter, Newtons rest; And who are we to label worst and best While all of force is gravitational ? Held by a four-dimensional concern, He gropes among the atoms to beseech A swifter sublimation that may reach A little further than the funeral urn. And we, who always said that we could teach, Have nothing much to say and more to learn. 85 CANZONE by EZR- PO-ND. AlVacquisto di gloria e di jama... Early Itatian. Come, my songs, distorted, spoken-against, Come, let us pity those who have one-dimensional minds, Let us pity those who move smugly in two or even three dimensions, Bound to a relative mortmain. Ma si morisse ! Take thought of the dull, the hopelessly-enmeshed ; The young enslaved by the old, The old embittered by the young. Go, with a clashing of many echoes and accents, Go to Helicon — on the Hudson. Perform your naked rites, your cephalic dances ; Shout your intolerant cat-calls from the bus-tops, (We have kindred in common, Walt Whitman) Parade your tag-ends and insolences, Cry them on State Street: Ch'e be'a ... * Take no thought of being presentable. Lest they say you grow shabby, I shall find fresh raiment for you out of time and spaciousness ; A shirt out of Provence, green slippers from Cathay, Assorted mantles, slightly worse for wear, from Montparnasse, And fillets, somewhat dusty, out of Ithaca. Who shall say you have become A slave to your technique like Chloris, who would flirt Even with her own shadow ? Who proclaims this ? B a-a-a-a-a-amen. * bella. 86 ADVICE TO THE FOURTH DIMENSION by MAXW-LL BOD-NHEM Region of shiftless equilibrium, The curtly undulating worlds Weave insolently in your heart, Like icily forgotten tunes of atoms. Time, with a slanting hunger, gropes And, in a virginal precision, takes your hand. Circles, no longer arrogantly round, But like a battered primrose dripping flame, Are warps in nature. No line is straight But lifts long, passionless rhythms till it meets Its parallel in drab exuberance. Region of shiftless equilibrium, Be not confused by tricks of time and space. Only you can twist an acrid meaning out of words Or into them. ROUND by ALFR-D KR-YMBORG. Worlds, you must tell me — What ? What is the answer to it all ? Matter. Matter, answer me — What ? What are the secrets of your strength ? Molecules. Molecules, be honest — What ? What may be groping at your roots ? Atoms. Atoms, I ask you — What ? What have you hidden in your hearts ? Electrons. Electrons, I charge you — What ? What are you building in your wombs ? Worlds. Worlds, you must tell me ... . THE SPELL OF THE ELECTRON by ROB-RT SERV-CE Now this is the spell the philosophers tell When you're puzzled at all their revisions : The laws that we knew are not alway true, We must change them to suit the conditions. Though you roar as you eat only red-blooded meat And thrill with each virile sensation, No atom or ape, no figure or shape By God ! can escape gravitation. For this is the lesson of Einstein : Answer Death's grin with a scoff. Glaring and tearing at all you resent, Fight though the light is battered and bent — Fight till the flesh drops off ! You may clench your fists at the scientists, At calculus, cubes or quadratics ; You may curse and thrash since the old laws clash With relativist kinematics ; You may goad your sides till the blood-red tides Run off and the dry bones clatter — At the end of the grind with a reeling mind By God ! you will find only matter ! 87 For this is the lesson of Einstein : Drink at no coward's trough. Sneering and jeering will bring no delight; You're here to make everything cheerful and bright. And for carfare and comfort and sweetness and light, ■ Fight till the flesh drops off ! THE SAGGING BOUGH by ROB-RT FR-ST There, where it was, we never noticed how, Flirting its tail among the smoothed-off rocks The brook would spray the old, worm-eaten bough, That squeaked and scratched like puppies in a box. Whether the black, half-rotted branch leaned down, Or seemed to lean, for love, or weariness Of life too long lived out, or hoped to drown Its litter of last year's leaves, we could not guess. Perhaps the bough relaxed as though it meant To give itself this one depravity. Or, being near the grave itself, it bent Because of nothing more than gravity. 88 89 AMERICA INVADES EUROPE. It is by no means here intended to deride or disparage the splendid work that, in only one decade, has been done and is now being done by Americans of the younger and youngest generation. Nor to deny the profit — for both continents — that will result from a closer, more regular and organized cul - tural contact between the two. And, as far as America is concerned ; it is time that intelligent and cultivated Europeans should become aware of the fact — which the great majority of them are not — that " darkest America the materialistic monster from which they are wont to turn with horror or, at best, utter scepticism, is actually being attacked — and attacked from wi - thin — persistently, valiantly, successfully. It is time that they should know about the genuine fundamental changes wrought since the years when Knut Hamsun wrote his bitter sarcasms and commentaries regarding the land " over which the sky is black — indeed But there are two facts at which the European observer of things Ameri - can may feel inclined to look with some misgiving. The first is, a on the part of the extreme left wing of literary America — as represented e.g. by the Little Review and Contact — to understand by " Europe " simply " France " — and by Prance mostly or merely a group of young Parisians many of whose innovations of literary capering are possibly less signs of new life than the death spasms of a movement in which the last word was practically said by Mallarme — right at the start. And in addition to this tendency the be - lief that America's artistic and cultural salvation is mainly to be sought in fol - lowing this France and fragment of France as closely as possible. The second fact is the manifestation of the American Machine — transforming itself, with all its attributes and characteristics, into American Mind ; or the mistaking of analytical acumen for creative mind. This intellectual leaning of young America toward France or whatever re - sembles France elsewhere, is, in a way, natural enough. The arid lucidity, the precision, the knife-like flashing, the dainty skill and eternal badinage of 90 the French mind must needs prove a strong attraction for the trans-Atlantic type whose own strength (and weakness) lies along city-bred, machine - made, sophisticated, electric lines. The lordly sensual acidity of a Gourmont (that combination of savant, satyr, aesthete — not fused by soul into a higher unity) ; the daring and brilliance of the precocious gamin — from Rimbaud to Tzara ; the purely cerebral temperament; these things are naturally and unconditionally accepted as sole counsels of perfection by the ambitious repre - sentatives of a race in whom the emotion-abhorring depth-fearing Puritan is followed by the equally emotion-abhorring depth-fearing machine man. But one doubts if this combination — of French art theories and American mecha - nics — will be able to produce something that is alive, not only on its intellec - tual surfaces, but in the totality of cultural human value. After brilliant analytic Poe, after a knife-brandishing Whistler ; after ma - thematical James with his dainty psychological chess problems ; after Pound (Pound the Blaster, not Pound the Artist) — now, armed with magazines, come others among whom it is pointed out that such work as that of Marianne Moore in basical for American development ! As concerns France : Europe can afford France. Can afford to encourage, spoil, indulge — at times even worship — that eternally young wizard among the rest of her brood. Among the rest —if you please ! Europe can afford it — because Eu - rope is and always has been infinitely more than France ; because Europe is the magnificent sum total of a variety of cultures, of art forms, of life forms, of which France is only one. Europe can also afford to admit a goodly dose of city sophistication and engineering acumen into her cultural life — because this cultural life existed, is rooted in, twenty-five hundred years of development before the Machine and bejore Metropolitanism were born. And the contribution of a Rimbaud and all his descendants is only one wave in an ocean that — to dive haphazardly — contains the waves of Greece and Rome, of a seventeenth century Spain, France, Holland, of Chaucer's age or the Renaissance ; of nineteenth century Russia or the Scandinavian North, the Germany of Goethe and Heine, the Elizabethan age or that of Keats. Wave upon wave — with luminous crest upon crest. And under these the depth of a folk life, as yet not torn away from the spontaneously emotional, the naturally mystic, the intuitively aes - thetic. Such an ocean can quietly admit the sailing of many little boats in search of new treasure. It can not be hidden by or lose itself under them. But America — made of the Puritan, by the Puritan, for the Puritan, re - made of the Machine, by the Machine, for the Machine — is only passing 91 through what is practically her first decade of a generation that deliberately, consciously, by means of concerted action and creation strikes out upon paths of cultural life. And America can, therefore, not afford to attempt the turning of this new life into one narrow channel. The assumption on the part of some one or another small group of literary workers, for whom Paris is the center of the globe, to possess the one and only and nothing but the truth in aesthetic and intellectual values and appreciations — wrong under all skies — is disastrously wrong in a continent that is only just beginning to take some culturally recognizable shape ! New intellectual perceptions are more quickly acquired and intellectual changes more quickly made than emotional ones ; the emotional part of the human organism being the infinitely more conservative part. Acceptance and proclamation of " finds " in the form of theories or organized move - ments are, therefore, not necessarily indicative of a genuine change in asethe - tic and life reaction — the change that touches the essence, the bottom and the totality of things. Emotion and intellect are, of course, not separate and opposed entities ; each being dependent on and determined and energised by the other — and both being, perhaps, only different forms of the same activ - ity, i.e., if the " intellect " in question is of the creative, imaginative type, mind rather than intellect in the narrower sense of the word (the thing by means of which you add up sums, attend to the practical business of life and make neat dissections of bodies, souls and theorems). But much of the intellect of which one is granted flashes among young America's latest self-appointed elite affects one sometimes as intellect of the latter type; the panting, tonguelolling, movie-movie, electrically lighted braininess ; true offspring of its parent, the Machine. As such interesting, ingenious, valuable in its way — but limited. Versatile, not universal. And lacking soul stuff, fire ; some of the things that make mature, rich, finished in - dividualities — not only brilliant writers and complex poets — in the dreary waste of bread and butter cleverness and information intellect. Says Miss Moore : " Complexity is not a crime, but carry it to the point of murkiness and nothing is plain. A complexity moreover, that has been committed to darkness, instead of granting itself the pestilence that it is, moves all about as if to be - wilder with the dismal fallacy that insistence is the measure of achievement and that all truth must be dark. Principally throat, sophistication is as it always has been — at the antipodes from the initial great truths. " Exactly ! That is why, granting that Miss Moore's work is honest and interesting &gt; one does by no means consider American brains of which hers are a spe- 92 cimen (and they are very good brains !) as the kind that are highly and solely promising of America's creative approach to those " great initial truths If an ingeniously constructed, intricate little piece of machinery, a dainty little thing with cogs and wheels and flashes of iron and steel, should suddenly be given a human voice to pour its " soul " into song — to trasmute itself into a " poem —it would stand revealed as a bit of writing by Miss Moore. An interesting phenomenon — having gaped at which one would turn to one or another of the great elemental things in that deep turbulent ocean of Europe's twenty-five centuries — where there is dimness — where there are half tones — those half tones so desperately lacking in the American mental as well as physical atmosphere—where there are storms and even fogs. Relentless glistening scalpels are good for all diseased and dead and dying things, no doubt. But there is fog — fog of a certain kind — that makes things " come alive " . . . It is to be hoped that Europe's contact with modern America of the last decade will not be limited to contact with extremist tendencies only ; with the most sophisticated and outre modes of self expression. Especially since Europe can get all it needs and wants in this direction from France, directly, and much better. Besides, in Europe these things represent the extreme tip of growths, the roots and trunks and heavier branches of which are in its own soil. In America such tips produce the effect of hanging in the air. There is no such hanging in the air with American minds of the type, say, of Randolph Bourne, Sherwood Anderson, Carl Sandburg, or the writer of a book like " Our America ". From these the modern European world will get a better under - standing of the new America's contact with herself, of her self analyses, self criticism, self transformation, than from all the ultra modern followers of France combined. Yet none of the four mentioned are of the " clever " type. They have " minds " that, without blague or badinage, without flashy brilliance, quietly touch the bottom of things ; not ingeniously bizarre, but truly self revealing. Types of mind like these are not apt to cherish, in good Yankee fashion, an ambition to corner the market in modern truths, aesthetic and otherwise. Nor is art to them, as it seems to be to certain others, a department store in New York City where nothing may be kept in stock except the latest, the absolutely up-to-the-minute " styles " (discontinued lines sold at considerable reductions or relegated to the provinces). What Europe looks forward to on the part of America is a broadening, not a narrowing ;an inclusiveness, not an exclusiveness; a fertilizing, not a sterilizing of the aesthetic field, of art emotion and cultural perception. Perhaps Broom, faithful to the motto that " there are always others will sweep into the circle of its vision aspects of Europe wider than those of Parisian boulevards ; and into the vision of Europe aspects of modern America wider than those of one or two small coteries. Even if —in doing so —it should run the terrible risk of being branded with that non-plus-ultra of modern stig - mas : the adjective " Georgian Emmy Veronica Sanders. 93 94 BROOMIDES. Instead of the customary editorial pronouncements, seemingly indispens - able appendages to each and every periodical, world without end, Broom offers, in this issue at least, a column devoted to those of its contributors who have some announcement of their own to present. Perhaps when Broom is a little older, and begins to take itself with the solemnity approved by age, achieve - ment and the like, it will find a voice of its own and give gentle vent to that. But for the present, Broom prefers to act as the disc, if you will, for the varied impressions to be expressed by the personalities who pass across it. Broom is even tempted to inform the reader, if he does not already know, who each per - sonality is, and what his record, but in view of the axiom that you can never say quite the right thing about another human (be he Italian, American, Irish, English, Chinese, Indian, Australian, Hebraic, Spanish, French, Dutch, German or Russian — the nationalities in the present issue), Broom will have to sidestep this temptation, as well. In any event, Broom is less interested in what a man has done than in what he is attempting. INTERNATIONAL COMPOSERS GUILD, Inc. The composer is the only one of the creators of today who is denied direct contact with the public. When his work is done he is thrust aside, and the interpreter enters, not to try to understand the composition but impertinently to judge it. Not finding in it any trace of the conventions to which he is ac - customed, he banishes it from his programs, denouncing it as incoherent and unintelligible. In every other field, the creator comes into some form of direct contact with his public. The poet and novelist enjoy the medium of the printed page ; the painter and sculptor the open doors of a gallery; the dramatist the free scope of a stage. The composer must depend upon an intermediary, the interpreter. It is true that in response to public demand, our official organizations oc - casionally place on their programs a new work surrounded by established names. 95 But such a work is carefully chosen from the most timid and anaemic of contemporary production, leaving absolutely unheard the composers who represent the true spirit of our time. Dying is the privilege of the weary. The present day composers refuse to die. They have realized the necessity of banding together and fighting for the right of each individual to secure a fair and free presentation of his work. It is out of such a collective will that the International Composers' Guild was born. The aim of the International Composers' Guild is to centralize the works of the day, to group them in programs intelligently and organically construct - ed, and, with the disinterested help of singers and instrumentalists, to present • • • these works in such a way as to reveal their fundamental spirit. The International Composers' Guild refuses to admit any limitation, either of volition or of action. The International Composers' Guild disapproves of all " isms " ; denies the existence of schools ; recognizes only the individual. Edgar Varèse. NOTES: TO THE TRANSLATOR. In translating my poems, there are a few points to be observed. To ignore them, or any one of them, is entirely to deny me a respectful presentation. My dogma, for such it is, applies, in my own mind, to no one besides me, but to me it is sacred, and to one who intends to introduce me, it should be inviolable. 1. — No verse shall consist of only one word of one syllable only. I do not respect theoretical rythm. 2. — Each verse must terminate decisively, and without unnecessary deflection. None may terminate with an article. None with a conjunction, an adverb, or a preposition, unless that part of speech is for a legitimate rea - son punctuated. Thus with a pronoun, unless it concludes a phrase. Each verse must stand alone. 3- — Be careful of the use of interjections. I am not enthusiastic, and do not wish to appear thus. 4. — My verse-forms are three only ; the English heroic, or iambic pen - tameter, the sonnet, English or Italian, and free verse after my own concep - tion. I have settled on these as permanent with me, because they are, so far as I am able to find out, easily translatable into the major languages. I de - test the thought of an universal language, but I have, for reasons other than 96 that given, circumscribed myself. I trust that you will endeavor to use my forms in their respective places. Should you think it difficult to do so, try to comprehend the extent of my discipline. The measure of your success will be commensurate to mine. You will fail only where I fail. 5. — As to the free verse, please use my longflowing, commonplace lines, unless I, myself, use staccato passages. Every verse is used for certain effect, which I intend always to make obvious. True subtlety is not found in forms, but behind them. As to number of lines, or their positions, please imi - tate. I have purposely made imitation easy. I have designs on posterity, but do not breathe it. I shall welcome correspondence, personal as well as literary. Wallace Gould THE NEW BROOM. When you are sweeping us With your cosmic broom Sweeping us out of mouldy ruts Sweeping us clean and sweet- Remember When we're quivering— Sensitive — bare — We shall be grateful For just a few shadows. . . David O'Neil. ERNESTO FraTONT, Gerente responsabile. Roma — «Iy'Universelle » Impriraerie Polyglotte. MANIFESTO I. BROOM IS SELECTING FROM THE CONTINENTAL LITERATURE OF THE PRESENT TIME THE WRITINGS OF EXCEPTIONAL QUALITY MOST ADAPTABLE FOR TRANSLATION into English. These will appear side by side with the contemporaneous effort in Great Britain and America. The painters and sculptors will be represented by the best available reproductions of their work. Throughout, the unknown, path-breaking artist will have, when his MATERIAL MERITS IT, AT LEAST AN EQUAL CHANCE WITH THE ARTIST OF ACKNOW - LEDGED REPUTATION. IN BRIEF, BROOM IS A SORT OF CLEARING HOUSE WHERE THE ARTISTS OF THE PRESENT TIME WILL BE BROUGHT INTO CLOSER CONTACT. The permanence of this project is assured absolutely if supported BY THE SUBSCRIPTIONS OF THOSE SYMPATHETIC TO IT. Because of the distance from the source of supply, it is impossible * TO FILL THE RENEWAL ORDERS OF BOOKSHOPS AND TO CALCULATE THE QUANTITY REQUIRED FROM AMERICA. Your subscription (five dollars a year) mailed at the earliest possible MOMENT, SOLVES THIS PROBLEM FOR EVERYBODY CONCERNED. AMERICAN subscriptions should be mailed to the NEW YORK OFFICE, THREE EAST NINTH STREET; EUROPEAN subscriptions to the main office, 18, TRINITA DEI MONTI, ROME (6), ITAEY. And do not forget to send us the names and addresses of your FRIENDS. «What of it, if some oed hunks OF A SEA-CAPTAIN ORDERS ME TO GET A BROOM AND SWEEP DOWN THE DECKS ? What does that indignity amount to, WEIGHED, I MEAN, IN THE SCALES OF THE New Testament ? Do you think the ARCHANGEI, GABRIEL THINKS ANYTHING THE LESS OF ME, BECAUSE I PROMPTLY AND RESPECTFULLY OBEY THAT OI,D HUNKS IN THAT PARTICULAR INSTANCE ? WHO A TNT A SLAVE ? » MOBY DICK. BROOM An International Magazine op the Arts Published by Americans in ItalyEditors, Harold A. Loeb, Alfred Kreymborg - Associate Editor, Giuseppe Prezzolini NOVEMBER 1921. vol. 1, No. I The Editors of Broom will be pleased to consider mss. submitted to them, but all mss. must beaccompanied by 0 self-addressed stamped envelope.Mss. from Europe should be sent to the Rome office; mss. from America to the New York office,The Price of Broom is:For America, fifty cents the copy, and five dollars for a year's subscription. For Italy, 10 lirethe copy, 100 lire for a year's subscription. For France, 6 francs the copy, 60 francs for a year'ssubscription. For Great Britain, 2/6 for the copy, One pound and five shillings for a year's subscription.The contents of this issue are protected by copyright, November 1921. Infringement of same willbe prosecuted. Headquarters, 18, TrinitA dei Monti, Rome (6), Italy.New York Office, Three East Ninth Street.General Distributor For France, Belgium, and Holland, Ivlbrairie de France, 99 Bou- levard Raspail, Paris. ERNESTO FraTONT, Gerente responsabile. Roma — «Iy'Universelle » Impriraerie Polyglotte. Cover Design (Woodcut) — E. Prampouni. PaBeIyAKE — Bayard Boyesen ' 1Brooklyn Bridge — Joseph Stella 2Hunger — James Stephens 3Marnia — Waeeace Goued 12A Union Of Beggars — Manuee Komroff 17Drawing Of Igor Strawinsky — Pabeo Picasso . . 22Portrait — Andrf; Derain 23Stiee IviFE — Juan Gris 24Painting — Aebert Geeizes 25Chinese Poems Of J. Wing — E. Powys Mathers 26The Function Of Criticism ? — Conrad Aiken 33Drawing — Bepi Fabiano. . .. 39Drawing — Frediano Frediani 40Lilacs — Amy 41Sculpture — Jacques Ivlpchitz * 45He Laughed At The Gods — James Oppenheim 46Seguidieea — Man Ray . . . 54In The Dock — W. De la Mare 55The Soue Of An Artist — J. D. Beresford 56Two Drawings — Wieijam Gropper 69Hospital Nights — Lola Ridge 70Fairy Tale — Donald Corley 72Maple-Sugar Song — Lew Sarett . 76Bambino's Beginning — Haniel Long 80Einstein And The Poets — Louis Untermeyer 84America Invades Europe — Emmy Veronica Sanders 89Broomides : Communications From Edgar Varicse, Wallace Gould, David O'Neil .... 94 LAKE. Bayard Boyesen. There's too much selfhood in this lake :Though, varying, four streams partakeIn amber rushes till they breakWhen softening confusions shakeIdentities into the lake.I know the four streams, all their ways;I've paddled in their amber spraysAnd flung them into bubbled praiseOf sunlight; but I see too wellThe lake complacently will tellOnly selfhood, nor admitHow four streams engendered it. Joseph Stella. Brooklyn Bridge. HUNGER. A DUBLIN STORY. James Stephens. On some people misery comes unrelentingly, with such a continuous ragethat one might say destruction had been sworn against them, and that theywere doomed beyond appeal, or hope. That seemed to her to be the case asshe sat, when her visitor had departed, looking on life as it had moved abouther, and she saw that life had closed on her and crushed her, and that therewas nothing to be said about it, and no one to be blamed.She was four years married, and she had three children. One of themhad fallen when he was quite young, and had hurt his back so badly that thedispensary doctor instructed her not to let him walk for a few years.She loved all her children, but this child she loved greatly, for, of the threeshe had to do the most for him. Indeed she had to do everything for him, andshe loved to do it. He was the eldest and he was always with her : so werethe others, of course, for a woman in needy circumstances can never get awayfrom her children ; but the other youngsters were with her as screamings anddemands, to be attended to and forgotten, while he was with her as a compan- ion eye, a consciousness to whom she could talk and who would reply to her,and who would not by any means get into mischief. He could not get intoanything else either.Her husband was a housepainter, and when work was brisk he got goodwages :he could earn thirty-five shillings a week when he was working. Buthis work was constant only in the summer months : through the bad weatherthere was no call for him, for no one wanted housepainting done in the winter&gt;and so the money which he earned in the five months had to be stretched andmade to cover the remaining seven months of the year.Nor were these five months to be entirely depended upon : here and therein a week days would be missed, and with that his Society dues had to be paid,for he would pay those though he starved for it Wages which have to be stretched so lengthily give but the slenderest sumtowards a weekly budget: it was she who had to stretch them, and the doingof that occupied all the time she could spare for thinking. She made endsmeet where nothing was but ends, and they met just over the death line ofstarvation. She had not known for three years what it was like not to be hun- gry for one day, but life is largely custom, and neither she nor her husbandnor the children made much complaint about a condition which was normalfor them all, and into which the children had been born. They could scarcelydie of hunger for they were native to it: they were hunger, and there was no otherhunger but them : and they only made a noise about food when they saw food.If she could have got work how gladly she would have taken it, how gladlyshe would have done it: sweated work, any work, so that it brought in if itwas no more than two or three coppers in the day. But the children were there,three of them, and all were young and one was a cripple. Her own people, andthose of her husband, lived, existed, far away in the country : they could nottake the children off her hands : she could not give a neighbour anything tolook after them while she went out working : she was held to them as fast as ifshe were chained to them, and, for to think in such cases is only to be worried,there was no use in thinking about it. She had already all the worry she coulddeal with, and she wanted no more.She remembered the tale she had laughed at, when she was young, abouta woman who had been circumstanced as she was now : this woman used toput her two children into a box, for she had to go out every day to work in or- der that she might feed them, and she kept them in the box so that they mightnot injure themselves during her absence. It was a good idea, but the childrencame out of the box hunchbacks, and so stunted in their growth that it mightbe said they never grew thereafter. It would have been better for the chil- dren, and easier for them, if they had died ; anyhow, their mother died, and thepoor little oddities went to the workhouse, and must all their lives have gotall the jeers which their appearance sanctioned.There was nothing to be done ; even her husband had long ago given upthinking of how this could be arranged, and although she still and continuallythought about it, she knew that nothing could be done.Her husband was a jolly man ; he used to make up lists of the giganticfeeds they would have when the ship came home (what ship he did not say,nor did he ever say that he expected one), and he or she or the children wouldremind each other of foods which had been left out of his catalogue, for nofood of which they knew the name could justly be omitted from their future.He was a robust man, and could have eaten a lot if he got it; indeed he hadoften tempted his wife to commit an act of madness and have one wild blow- out, for which, as she pointed out to him, they would have to pay by wholedays of whole starvation, instead of the whole days of semi-hunger to whichthey were accustomed.This was the only subject on which they came near to quarrelling, andhe brought it forward with fortnightly regularity.Sometimes she went cold at the thought that he might on some pay-daygo in for a wild orgy of eating, and perhaps spend half-a-crown ; less than thatsum could not nearly fill him, and the double of it would hardly fill him theway be wanted to be filled ; for he wanted to be filled as tightly as a drum,and with such a weight and abundance of victual that he could hardly be liftedby a crane.But he was an honourable man, and she knew he would not do this un- less she and the children were with him and could share and go mad with him.He was very fond of them, and if she could have fed him on her own flesh shewould have sacrificed a slice or two, for she was very fond of him.The mild weather had come, and he got a cut in his hand, which festeredand seemed stubbornly incurable : the reason was that the poor, gaunt man wasnot fed well enough to send clean blood down to doctor his cut hand ; but inthe end he did get over it. But for three weeks be had been unable to work,for who will give employment to a man whose hand looks like a poultice or asmall football ?The loss of these three weeks almost finished her. The distinguishing markof her family had been thinness, it was now bonyness. To what a food-gettingfervour she was compelled ! She put the world of rubbish that was about herthrough a sieve, and found nourishment for her family where a rat would havefound disappointment. She could not beg, but she did send her two childreninto the street, and sometimes one of these got a copper from a passing stran- ger ; then that youngster gave out a loyal squeal for his c ompanion, like thecall of a famished crow who warns his brothers that he has discovered booty;and they trotted home with their penny. The sun shone on the day they gota penny : on the days when they got nothing the sun might split the bricks,but it did riot shine.Her man returned to his work, and if she could hold on they would be ableto regain the poverty of a few months previously, but which now beamed toher as distant, unattainable affluence. She could hold on, and she did; so thatthey tided feebly across those evil days, and came at last to the longed-forscarcity which yet was not absolute starvation, and whereby they could livein the condition of health to which they were accustomed, and which they re- cognised and spoke of as good-health.They could not absolutely come to this for at least a year; provision had still to be made for the lean months to come, the winter months, and more thanthree weeks' wages which should have been skimmed in this precaution hadbeen unprofitable, had not existed. The difference had to be made up by adouble skimming of the present wage, which must also pay the present necessi- ties and recoup the baker and grocer for the few weeks' credit these shop peo- ple had given her.In all, their lot for a long time was not to be envied, except by a beastin captivity, and by him only because he lusts for freedom and the chance ofit as we lust for security and the destruction of chance.The winter came—the winter will come tho' the lark protest and the wormcries out its woe ; and she entered on that period with misgiving, with resolution,and a facing of everything that might come. What bravery she had ! Whata noble, unwearying courage, when in such a little time and as such small la- bour she might have died ! But such an idea never came to her head. Shelooked on the world, and she found that the world was composed of a man andthree children; while they lasted she could last, and when they were done itwould be time enough to think of personal matters and her relation to things.Before the summer had quite ended, before autumn had tinted a leaf, thewar broke out, and with its coming there came insecurity : not to her, not tothem : they had no standard to measure security by; it came to the peoplewho desire things done, who pay to have doors varnished and window-framespainted. These people drew silently but resolutely from expense ; while heand she and the children sunk deeper into their spending as one wallows intoa bog. The prices of things began to increase with a cumulative rapidity, andthe quality of things began to deteriorate with equal speed. Bread and theeater of it came to a grey complexion. Meat got the cut direct instead of thedirect cut. The vegetables emigrated with the birds. The potato got a risein the world and recognised no more its oldest friends. There seemed to benothing left but the rain, and the rain came loyally.They, those others, could retrench and draw in a little their horns, butfrom what could she go back ? What could she avoid ? What could she eli- minate, who had come to the bare bone and shank of life ? The necessity forthe loaf comes daily, recurs pitilessly from digestion to digestion, and withthe inexorable promptitude of the moon the rent collector wanes and waxes.They managed : she and he managed : work still was, although it wasspaced and intervalled like a neglected storm-blown hedge. Here was a weekand there another one, and from it they gleaned their spare constricted ex- istence.They did not complain : those who are down do not complain. Nor didthey know they were down; or, knowing it, they did not admit their downness; for to face a fact is to face with naked hands a lion, and to admit is to give in,to be washed away and to be lost and drowned; anonymous, unhelpable, aliveno more, but debris, or a straw which the wind takes and sails or tears or driftsor rots to powder and forgetfulness. A bone in a world of bones ! And theygnawed these bones until it seemed that nothing moved in the world or wasalive except their teeth.The winter came, and his work stopped as it always did in that season ;he got jobs cleaning windows, he got jobs at the docks hoisting things whichnot Hercules nor the devil himself could lift, but which he could lift, or whichhis teeth and the teeth of his children detached from the ground as from founda- tions and rivettings ; he got a job as a coalman, and as a night-watchman sit- ting in the angle of a black street before a bucket of stinking coal which hadbeen a fire until the rain put it out; to-day he had a job, but tomorrow and fora week he had none.With what had been saved, skimmed, strained from the summer wages,and with what came from the jobs, and with the pennies the children unearthedfrom strangers as though they dug in those loath souls for coin, they livedthrough the winter, and did not feel they had passed through any experienceworth recording, or that their endurance might have been rewarded withmedals and a pension. They were living, as we all manage amazing to live,and, if others had an easier time that was their chance ; but this was theirlife, and there were those who were even worse off than they were ; for theypaid the rent, and when that was done what a deed had been accomplished,how notable an enemy circumvented !The Spring came, but it brought no leaves to their tree; the Summer camebut it did not come to them, nor warn them of harvest and a sickle in the yieldThere was no building done that summer ; the price of material had gone upand the price of wages. The contractors did not care for that prospect, andthe client thought of his income-tax and decided to wait. And her husbandhad no work ! He had almost given up even looking for work. He would goout of the house and come into the house, and he and she would look at eachother in a dumb questioning. Sometimes she would say — not that she hadanything to say, but to ease his heart with a comradely word — " Any chanceto-day, do you think ? " and he would reply : " Chance ! " and sit down andbrood upon that lapsing word. They were not angry, they had not the bloodto be angry with; for wrath you must be well fed or you must be drunk.The youngest child died of a disease which, whatever it was at the top,was hunger at the bottom, and she grew terrified. She heard that there waswork to be had in plenty in the Munition Factories in Scotland, and by somemeans she gathered together the fare and sent her husband across the sea. " Write, if yon can, " said she, " the minnte you get a place. ""Yes," he replied." And send us what you can spare, " she said. Send something this weekif you can. "" Yes, " he said ; and he went away.Then she went into the streets to beg. She left the boy behind in hischair, and brought the other little one with her. She was frightened, for onecan be arrested for begging, and she was afraid not to beg, for one can die ofhunger. She got a penny here and a penny there, and bought bread ; some- times even she got a twist of tea: she could manage until the end of the week,until her man sent the money : she had thoughts of singing at the corners ofstreets, as she had so often seen done by toneless, ashenfaced women, who creakrusty music at the passer, and fix him with their eyes ; but she was ashamed,and no song that she could remember seemed suitable, and she only could re- member bits of songs ; and she knew her voice would not work for her, butwould creak and mourn like a rusty hinge.Her earnings were small, for she could not get in touch with people ; theyrecognised her at a distance as a beggar, and she could only whisper to the backof a head or a cold shoulder. Sometimes when she went towards a person thatperson instantly crossed the road and walked for a while hastily. Sometimespeople fixed upon her a cold, prohibitive eye, and she drew back from themhumbled, her heart panting and her eyes hot at the idea that they took herfor a beggar. At times someone, without glancing at her, stuck a hand in apocket and gave her a penny without halting in their stride. One day shegot twopence, one day she got sixpence, one day she got nothing. But shecould hold out to the end of the week.The end of the week came, but it brought no letter. " It will come tomor- row, " she said ; " he is in a strange country ; he must have missed the post,God help him ! " But on the following day there was no letter, and on the dayafter, and the day that succeeded to it there was no letter."He... ! " she said. But she could not speculate on him. She knewhim too well, and this was not him ; he could no more leave them in the lurchthan he could jump across Ireland in one jump." He has not got work ", she said ; and she saw him strayed and stranded,without a hand, without a voice, bewildered and lost among strangers ; goingup streets and down streets, and twisting himself into a maze, a dizziness ofloneliness and poverty and despair, or, she said, " The submarines had blownup the ship that was coming with the money. "The week went by, another came, and still she did not hear from him. Shewas not able to pay the rent. She looked at the children, and then she looked away from them distantly to her strayed husband, and then she looked inwardlyon herself and there was nothing to see. She was down. No littlest hope couldfind a chink to peer through, and while she sat staring at nothing, in an immo- bile maze of attention her mind — she had no longer a heart, it had died of star- vation — her mind would give a leap and be still, and would leap again as thoughan unknown, wordless action were seeking to be free, seeking to do some work,seeking to disprove stagnation and powerlessness and death, and a little burn- ing centre of violence hung in her head like a star.She followed people with her eyes, sometimes a little way her feet, sayingto herself :" The pockets of that man are full of money; he would rattle if he fell. "Or, " That man had his breakfast this morning, he is full of food to thechin ; he is round and tight and solid, and he weighs a ton.She said : " If I had all the money of all the people in this street I wouldhave a lot of money. "She said: "If I owned all the houses in this street I would have a lot ofmoney. "The rent collector told her imperatively that she must leave at the end ofthe week. The children called to her for bread clamourously, unceasingly,like little dogs that yap and whine and cannot be made to stop.Relief kitchens had been started in various parts of the City, but she onlyheard of them by chance, and she went to one. She told a lady in attendanceher miserable tale, and was given the address of a gentleman who might assisther. He could give her a ticket which would enable her to get food, and hemight be able to set her in the way of earning what would pay the rent. The ladythought her husband had deserted her, and said so without condemnation, asone who states a thing which had been known to happen, and the poor womanagreed without agreeing, for she did not believe it. But she did not argueabout the matter, for now that she accepted food, she accepted anything thatcame with it, whether it was opinions or advice ; she was an acceptor, and shedid not claim to possess even an opinion.She set out for the house of the gentleman who could give her the ticketwhich would get her food to bring home to the children. He lived at some dis- tance, and when she got to his house the servant told her he had gone to hisoffice ;at his office she was informed that he had gone out. She called threetimes at the office, and on the third time she was told that he had come in,but had gone home. She trudged to his house again, and would have beenweary, but that her mind was far away from her trudging feet, and when themind is away the body matters nothing. Her mind was back in the roomslooking at the children, listening to them, consoling them, telling them that in a little while she would be back and she would bring them something. Theyhad not eaten anything for—how long was it ? Was it a year ! An eternity !Had they ever eaten ! And one of them was sick! She must get back : shehad been away too long : but she must go forward before she could go back :she must get the ticket which was food and hope and a new beginning, or atleast respite ; then she would be able to look about her; the children wouldgo to sleep, and she could plan and contrive and pull together those separatedand dwindling ends.She came to the gentleman's house. He was in, and she told him herstory and how her case was desperate. He also believed that her husband haddeserted her, and he promised to write by that night's post to find out the truthabout the man, and to see that he was punished for his desertion. He had notickets with him ; he had used them all, for the hungry people in Dublin werenumerous, work was slack everywhere, and those who had never before ap- plied for assistance were now forced to do so by dire and dreadful necessity.He gave her some money, and promised to call at her rooms on the follow- ing day to investigate her case.She went homewards urgently, and near home she bought bread and tea.When she got in the crippled boy turned his dull, dumb eyes on her, and shelaughed at him excitedly, exultantly, for she had food, lots of it, two loavesof it; but the other child did not turn to her, and would never turn to her again,for he was dead, and he was dead of hunger.She could not afford to go mad, for she still had a boy, and he dependedon her with an utter helpless dependence. She fed him and fed herself, run- ning from his chair to the other in its cot with the dumb agony of an animalwho must do two things at once and cannot think which thing to do. Shecould not think ; she could hardly feel; she was dulled and distressed and wild,and she was weakened by misery and tormented by duties, and life and theworld seemed a place of businesses and futilities and unending unregulateddemands on her. A neighbour, hearing that curious persistent trotting overher head, came up to the room to remonstrate, and remained to shed for herthe tears which she could not weep herself. She, too, was in straits, and hadnothing more to give them than those tears and the banal reiterations which arecomfort because they are kindness.Into this place the gentleman called on the following day to investigate,and was introduced to a room swept almost as clean of furniture as a dog ken- nel is ; to the staring, wise-eyed child who lived in a chair, and to the quietmorsel of death that lay in a cot by the wall. He was horrified, but he wasused to sights of misery, and knew that when things have ceased to move theymust be set moving again, and that all he could do was to remove some of the impediments which he found in the path of life so that it might flow on before ithad time to become stagnant and rotten. He took from the dry-eyed, tongue- tied woman's shoulders all the immediate worry of death and arrangedabout the death certificate and registration and burial. He paid the rent,and left something to go on with as well, and he promised to get her work eitherin his house or at his office, but he would get her work to do somehow.He came daily, and each day, in reply to her timid question as to newsabout her husband, he had nothing to say except that enquiries were beingmade. On the fifth day he had news, and he would have preferred any duty,however painful, to the duty of telling her his news. But he told it sitting onthe one chair, with his hand over his eyes and nothing of his face visible ex- cept the mouth which shaped the sentences and spoke them. The munitionpeople in Scotland had reported that a man of the name he was enquiring forhad applied for work, and had been taken on a fortnight after his application.The morning after he began work he was found dead in a laneway. He hadno lodgings in the city, and at the postmortem examination it was found thathe had died of hunger and exposure. She listened to that tale, looking fromthe gentleman who told it to her little son who listened to it. She moistenedher lips with her tongue, but she could not speak, she could only stammer andsmile. The gentleman also was looking at the boy."We must set this young man up, " said he, heavily. " I will send a doc- tor to look him over to-day. "And he went away all hot and cold, beating his hands together as he walked,and feeling upon his shoulders all the weariness and misery of the world. MARNIA. Wallace Gould. I remember well the house in which Marnia lived a large, dark house, with a cupola, and with lightning rods, and loomingabove the other houses of our neighborhood ;and I remember as well the dark back garden a garden gloomy with the shade of many plum trees, and overgrownwith lilies of the valley, and with rank grass.I remember both.I remember Marnia.I remember her mother.I remember her lover.To the children of the neighborhood, the garden, inclosed by a high, dark- painted picket fence with a gate that was almost always locked, was forbidden ;and to me it was forbidding,as were the mother, Marnia, and the lover, all three, the mother,statuesque, inscrutable, uncommunicative, forbidding because she seemed toglower through the pickets ;Marnia, fragile, pallid, impassable, forbidding because she never lookedat me ;and the lover, handsome, well dressed, bland, forbidding because he seemedto assume an air of owning the garden.But I remember all.From the house there never came the soundsof rattling pans, of slamming doors, or of voices calling loudly from roomto room.From the house there never issued the odorsof onions, of boiled dinners, or of frying fish or meat that scorched in theskillet. From the back verandah there often came the sound of restrained laughter,whenever Marnia, and other girls, sat there together ;and often, at twilight, there came from the parlor, which was lighted dimly,if lighted at all, the sound of the piano, played softly, always softly, and on thelower keys, by Marnia, who at times sang, always lowly, and often subtly, asif to another.But the place was almost always odorless and noiseless.The windows of panneled glass were impressively clear and clean and theinner blinds, panneled, were often closed at the bottom.I remember well the things that were said about Marnia's lover, the Irishyouth, whose mother had made a fortune by selling booze in a dive, downtown.It was remarked that he was a sport, a drunkard, an irresponsible lout,a Catholic,and that he was known to have an affair with a woman other thanMarnia, a certain married woman, the wife of a lawyer.I remember much that was said about Marnia and her lover Marnia, whose blood was old and accepted, Marnia the Yankee, and Ter- rence the Irishman, the upstart, offspring of a biddy who sold booze.It was said that Terrence, drunk, escorted Marnia to a ball, one given inhonor of the Governor,and that he tottered through the dance but that Marnia danced proudly,and that she, departing with her fuddled lover, proudly helped him todescend the stairs,on the last of which he reeled, senseless, to fall to the floor of the lobby,and to sprawl there.It was said that Marnia quietly called for a carriage,and that she rode away proudly, imperviously, with Terrence slouchingbeside her.There was a time that Marnia was ill for months, mysteriously ill, duringwhich time the lover came not once to the house and then it was said that Terrence had abandoned her.Certain things were said in whispers,accompanied with leers, nods, shrugs.I remember that during that time,the mother often sat alone in the garden.It was said, by the neighbors, that she was sullen.It was said that no doubt she approved of the way that Marnia carried onwith Terrence. One afternoon, however, with Marnia convalescent, Terrence appearedagain at the house.Next morning, Marnia was seen for a moment at a window.After that she was often seen with Terrence.At times she lay in the hammock, on the dark verandah, with Terrencesitting beside her.At other times she sat in a large upholstered chair, in the dark garden,with Terrence sitting at her feet.At first they talked not much, and never save in murmurs, but later theytalked more, much more, and louder.At length they strolled together about the garden, Terrence supportingher tenderly, and each speaking in dulcet undertones to the other.Marnia recovered.It was July.There were no roses none grew in the dark garden no roses save a few outside the picket fence, a few blush roses, in anothergarden, a garden exposed to the sunlight.One afternoon, while the lovers lingered in the garden, the dark garden....the lovers standing face to face under the branches of a plum treee....the breezes, bouyant, enraptured, teasing the branches, the pregnantbranches, one and all Marnia reached impulsively through the picket fence,and plucked a warm rose from a bush in the sunny garden.She laughed.She pinned the rose on Terrence.Across her face, upturned to his, there passed an aureate flash,one which stole through the foliage of the plum treeunder which they, the lovers, stood together.I cannot but remember her countenance.I cannot but remember the countenance of Terrence.There has never been upturned to me a countenance such as that ofMarnia,as it was at that moment,and I have never since beheld a countenence such as that of Terrence,as it was at the time.It was latter August.The winds had begun to shudder, to whine. The lovers, who had said their say, perhaps, but who spent their after- noons in the garden, as usual, read to each other, or played at chess.One afternoon, Terrence did not appear.Marnia sat alone in the garden.She waited.She read.The winds, shuddering, whining, moved restlessly through the pickets.They jostled the branches of the plum trees.They jostled the branches of the rose bushes, too, on which the scrawnypericarps, crimson, like the rouged faces of old and desperate courtesans, nodded,as if in resignation.Marnia waited.She glanced up, frequently, toward the street, and once, as if startled,she glanced behind her.She waited, reading, while the afternoon waned.Suddenly there appeared a hack, an empty hack, which stopped at thefront door.The driver hurriedly rang the doorbell, and hurriedly spoke with the mother.Marnia dropped her book.She rushed across the lawn.She listened.She disappeared in the house.In a moment she reappeared, dressed for the street.She entered the hack.She was driven rapidly away.That was the day that Terrence died.It was said that he was killed.It was said that Terrence was killed in a fist fight,in which he defended the name of Marnia.Some one hit him over the heart, and within an hour he died.It was said that Marnia reached himin time to hear him whisper her name, and to receive his kisses.It was said that she sat alone, and long, beside the dead man,and that she kissed his distracted mother.It was said that Marnia, with her mother, went to the church, at the fu- neral of Terrence, and to the grave, at his burial.I cannot remember Marnia after the day that Terrence was killed.I saw her no more in the garden. I often heard moans that came from a certain chamber window, and once,in the night, I heard loud sobs, and a shriek or two.During the autumn I saw her mother, silent, and apparently indifferent,or even oblivious, in the garden.But I remember no more about either,for in latter autumn the doors of the house were closed,'the double win- dows were fastened to the casements,and the neighbors talked of the approach of winter. A UNION OF BEGGARS. Manuel Komroff. " The meeting is called to order, " shouted the president, rapping onthe table with an old fork." Silence please, " called someone, as the audience lowered the tone ofconversation." You will please give your undivided attention, " continued the presi- dent, "as this meeting is extremely important. Things have come to such astate that our very existence is threatened. The situation is unparalleled in thehistory of the union. As the hour is late I would suggest that we dispense withthe reading of the minutes and get straight to work. The floor is open fordiscussion. "The meeting took place in the back room of a squalid flat. Yellow gaslights reflected the green painted walls upon the faces of two dozen beggarscrowded into the narrow space. The air was filled with the smell of smoke andrags. The meeting was called to order." I would like to impress upon the minds of the members the importanceof this meeting, " said the man with the tattoed forehead. " In former years,as you all know, we had the run of the city practically to ourselves ; but now weare threatened with a different state of things. Since the high cost of livingmany people have come into the streets to follow our profession and altho we,at one time, thought of taking them into the union, we see now that it isgood we did not." However, these men could not earn a living at their former profes- sions and we should tolerate them, to a certain extent. We should eveninstruct them a little so that in time they will learn that co-operation is moreprofitable than competition. No matter how untrained and inartistic, webore with them as a necessary evil. But now things are different, it seems astho everyone has taken to begging. It's impossible to walk through a streetwithout meeting three or four. They are so many that it becomes impos- sible for skilled workers to earn a living. If we are not to be deprived of our professional rights, something must be done to check this state ofaffairs. "Then the blind man stood up, removed his blue glasses, and said :" Our friend is right, something must be done. I have been turning theproblem over in my mind and to me there appear but three solutions. Eitherwe must unionize the entire crowd, that is, take them into our unionand form new branches ; or we must protest to the city authorities againstthe scabbing on our union and require a severe examination for license topractice the profession, or, we must declare ' open shop ' and go out andcompete with them; relying, of course, on our experience and past trainingto out-do them. To my mind, these are the only three ways open to us,and all have their objections." First, if we take the whole crowd into the union we run great risk ofdegrading the profession. Professors are begging ! In fact it has come tosuch a state that everyone thinks he can be a beggar as though it were anunskilled trade and not an old, well founded profession. And as though theprofession were without an art. Will we take such men as these into ourranks — men without experience or training — just from the streets ?"No ! We must think of some other plan. If we protest to the city au- thorities against scabbing we injure ourselves, at the start, by appealing topublic sympathy; and secondly, it is doubtful whether the authorities woulddo anything in this matter, for they surely realize that in these changing timesthey themselves may soon be required to seek a new profession. Then mythird plan, namely to declare ' open shop ' is also not very good, for it wouldindeed be difficult. It's hard to compete against a teacher or a former pol- iceman, for no matter how unskilled they are there is something about themthat attracts. What is to be done ? "" Does anyone else want the floor ? " called the chairman, and as no- body responded he continued :" Perhaps our colleague Jim will tell us what he thinks of the problemsbefore us. I call upon him as we know him to be a tactful and artisticworker. Perhaps he will explain to us his new method of coping with thesituation.Jim was a man in shreds, the greater part of his clothing consisting ofcords and colored rags. He stood up very slowly, looked about and began :" Friends ! Nothing can be solved in our line of work without a good dealof thought. That is why it is silly to think of taking untrained persons into ourunion. We all agree that it is becoming harder and harder to work in thestreets each day. So I said to myself, ' I must think of some plan. ' AndI did ! First, I asked myself, ' Who has money now ? ' And the answer 2 came ' Those who have made it now. ' ' And who have made it now ?' Therich people with the estates ? No ! The Middle Class, of course, the littlebrokers, and stock gamblers ; the exchange merchants and other profiteers.Therefore I decided to work the offices ; the little rooms in the big buildings." I took my time the first few days and made observations. Never hurry !I would enter an office slowly and quietly and go straight to the clerk and saysoftly in a tone of ' have pity ' : ' The foxes have holes, and the birds of theair have nests; but the son of man hath not where to lay his head ? '" The proprietors of these offices were not to be found. And the clerkswere so ignorant that they did not understand that I compared them to foxesand birds. Besides this they held a powerful weapon and that was : ' I amsorry, but the boss is not in. ' I had to meet this reply, so I dug up a storyand since then have had little difficulty." It works something like this ; I walk into an office, take off my hat;— always slowfy, and stand near the door. If I get a fee, well and good ;if not, I wait. A little two-by-four clerk sits at a large desk, and as soon asI enter, pretends to be extremely busy. After a while he glances up andsays, ' I am sorry, but the boss is out. ' I do not move and remain as thoughI did not understand., Again he will look up and say, ' The boss is not in. 'And once more, ' What do you want, the boss is not in. '" Then I say, 'Yes, I see the boss is not in, and as you can give me noth- ing, please allow me to give you something. Let me tell you a little joke ? '" ' I have no time, don't bother me, the boss is not in, ' he replies.But just a little one, I am sure you will not be sorry ' I insist and startthe story :" Once upon a time, there lived a Hebrew whose name was Moe. Likemost men he had two brains in his head, a big and a little brain. His big brainwas very, very fine for he used it often. It was the brain he made his moneywith. But the little brain was very weak for with this brain he gave charity.I do not say that Moe was a miser, but I do know that his little brain had solittle exercise that it became limp and began to rot. This became so seriousthat it had to be taken from his head by a surgical operation. And as, ac- cording to the Hebrew religion, no part of the human body may be thrown away,the little brain was placed in a cigar box and buried in the cemetery. A smalltomb-stone no bigger than a cash book marked the spot with the inscription:' Moe's Little Brain \" On the day of atonement, according to the Hebrew faith, the Lord walksamong the dead with his large ledger checking the names. He knocks on a stone or grave, and those that are buried answer, present or here. But whenthe Lord knocked on the little stone there came no answer. And againhe knocked and there came no answer. He compared the inscription with hisbook and called, Moe's Little Brain, are you there ? And with these wordshe struck the earth such a blow with his staff that it almost split in two,as he placed his ear close to the grave." And then came a little thin voice from below : ' Please mister, the bossis not in. '" This story averages exactly fifty cents. It is a high class entertainmentthat I propose to give and naturall.y the fees must be according to the workand skill of the practitioner. When the offices are exhausted I will find someother plan ; but I will not go back to the streets with the common scum of theearth. If a man wants to be a bricklayer he must first know that bricks aremade of clay. If he wants to be a lawyer he must know that documents aremade of words. And if he wants to succeed as a beggar he must realize thatthe foundation of the profession is psychology. "The audience listened attentively to the advice of Jim and after a briefsilence there were many calls for the floor." I would just like to ask a question, " said the man with one arm. "Informer years a great deal of our income was derived from the church steps anda good deal more in the name of religion, but now that the free thought move- ment is attracting such wide interest, and that anti-religious literature issold on almost every corner, is not another source of our incomes threatened ?My question is this : Is there any way of deriving profit from the masses whohave forsaken the church ? Would it be proper to ask for fees in the name ofVoltaire ?" Our comrade Jim " said the man who could dislocate his left hip andthereby make that leg three inches shorter, " has just touched upon the verysubject. I should consider the story he is using now as a mild and inoffensive,satire. In work of this kind, style is important. In the cloak of art much canbe done. However, his first quotation regarding the foxes and the birds is amethod of which I would not approve as it appears to me to offend our re- ligious clients. It is irony ; and when that is used against religion the messagebecomes agnostic and therefore offensive to certain people. However, whena little satire is used it tends to create an impression of non-religion whichis not antagonistic nor offensive. In working the non-religious masses weshould be extremely careful not to offend the others for they are our oldestand still our best clients. "" The hour is growing late, " said the president, " and I feel that we aremore or less digressing from the main issue. Also, because of the complexity of the questions before us which cannot be decided tonight, I would suggestthat this meeting be adjourned till next Sunday night, when we will hearthe report of the ways and means committee. A full attendance is request- ed and please be early so we may start on time. As I hear no objectionI call this meeting ajourned. " Pablo Picasso. Courtesy of Galerie Rosenberg - Paris. Drawing of Igor Strawinsky. André: Derain. Courtesy of Galerie Simon - Paris. Portrait. JUAN Gris. Courtesy of Galerie Simon - Paris. Still Life. Albert Gleizes. Painting. CHINESE POEMS OF J. WING. Translated byE. Powys Mathers. I. I did not ask another miracle for my dayThan you undressing beside me,White under the sunlight;But, look, also, the scarlet mossHas turned the water to wineIn our pool.Yellow moon goes upWith the smell of night water among rushes.Evenings that withered like flowers,We have brought to BarbaraHours of winter-grey, but alsoThe green of the evergreen, varnished in warm rain. 2. The heavy blue waters of the nightHave flooded through the sun's scarlet rocks,Filling the valley.The flowers are grey as in water,The scarves of mist quiver like sea-weeds ;I expect bubbles in the wake of a birdWhich swims across the window. Barbara walks with a tawny candleOn the pavement of the sea. 3. The square small garden of my paperHas turned blue in the night-fall,But my pen works late among the flowers.I have written that Li Po, being drunk,Sought to gather the stars and moonTo scent the bed-chamber of his mistress ;And so was drowned.And I caught cold yesterday,Cutting wisteria,Standing in the dew by the North wall,For Barbara. 4. The flower-crowned captain of my boatLooks down into green and black water.See, faint gold carp and purple fan-fishWhich float above two eyes,Black crescents holding child-stars of silver.Over all swimsThat lithe white uncaught fish,The March moon. 5. In the unmoving waterThat brims this old quarry of grey stones I have watched an olive-brown perchParading his black bars,Flirting and floating an open orange fan.Each stick of it was thorned and cruelLike the bright-coloured fans of emperorsAnd young girls. 6. The breakers far to the left at night,Foreign cannons splintering long agoBamboo junks of the two-sword men.Lines of black slavesRunning up the beach,To fall exhausted forward.They carry bar-silver against their breasts ;It drags them down in this Spanish sea all night 7. Your childishness is a gold hill,There is a sheer fall from itInto the cloudy monotonous sea.You dance high in a small blue vesture,With white arms catching at the skyAnd feet hardly touching the gold earth.You dance swift and sweet and warmTo the edge and back again. 8. Three years agoI could spin various topsBetter even than the masters of song ;And for this I think you loved me.Even if I spin Tu Fu to-day,The gold green banded,And catch him on his cordAnd dance him on the wine-cup's edge,That crystal bridge,You are away learning from silly lipsThe Love-me-at-evening Song.The wine-cup and the cord remain. 9. I have painted abominable devilsFor your great delight,Yellow apes with alligators' headsAnd scarlet spots ; blue mouths.But now that you demandA picture of ourselves playing together,What shall I put down ?A band of cherry-coloured fireAcross black paper ? IO. A purple flag-flower, I looked downInto the water of your soul,A silver trickle in the hills. You wooed down to you and caughtOne of my leaves.I am a splintered mashOf green and water and mauveEaten by the black teeth of the rocks II. My mind was an ivory boxBefore you came ;Carved with sayings,Holding a scentless pelletOf green burning-gum.But nowHalf the earth is filledWith the sweet eternal smell of pain,And the box is empty. I2. When you sat in your dark silk chair,Ripe with fat fruits of yellow and red silk,Active with blue lithe animals,Pressing your scented rose-endedPeach-coloured feet against my face,I was humiliated, as you desired.But when your male friendTalked to me about Eastern learningI was more humiliated. I3. A thousand nasturtiumsBlowing the fire-coloured music of their trumpets,Putting forward green shields,Walk up the path beside me.Under their brass hangersThey move long legs of greenWith my slow feet.In the yellow rooms of hot heartsThey shook their golden handsWhen I came back to them. I4. My mauve dancer, columbine,Hoisted her pale green flareAnd spread her trefoil carpetsOf crushed emerald.She leapt in the windOn the powdered purple of her feetBelow an airy tyrian skirtSilken yellowto white nakedness. I5. You swagger from your dry tree,Setting apricot vans against the wind,Hibiscus. Your heart is blood,Your white quill comes up out of blood,As if you fed on the murderOf crimson roses.«The tips of your glad flamesRise from a fibre of powdered starlightAnd you are merry. THE FUNCTION OF CRITICISM ? Conrad Aiken. The influence of Benedetto Croce on contemporary literary criticism bothin Europe and in America has been enormous. His " disciples " are nu- merous and intelligent, for the most part, and the ideas in his Aesthetic, insofaras they are applicable in simple fashion to the writing of criticism, whetherliterary or journalistic, have been rapidly disseminated and rapidly absorbed.That such ideas form a relatively slight part of his book is true, and this maybe considered fortunate or unfortunate, according to the point of view, — theFreudian will perhaps consider it a piece of luck. But that doctrine of Croce's(to which our attention has lately been called again and again) that a workof art should be compared not with something else but with its own ideal self,is familiar enough in a hundred gradations. I have paraphrased it, of course —the reader may reshape it to suit himself. But however expressed it is re- garded as a blow at the so-called " canons " of taste (which admittedly do notabsolutely exist) and at that sort of criticism which pronounces, in accordancewith any such canons, pseudo-impartial judgments : or measures the ex- cellence of a work of art only in the terms of tradition. The new criticism, —sowe are told — should be solely interpretative. Its business will be to un- derstand, to appreciate.There is naturally a great deal to recommend this doctrine. How charm- ing and how valuable a criticism may be which follows it anyone knowswho has read " The Symbolist Movement " of Arthur Symons. And reason- able enough the doctrine seems when we consider, as we must, the non- existence, or at any rate, the extreme vagueness, the almost mythologicalcharacter, of aesthetic law. Attempts to define beauty have invariably failed.Plato, Aristotle, Shelley, Goethe, Lessing, Keats, Arnold, Croce, Santayana,may have given us some notion of what they felt it to be, but the thing itselfremains unrealized. The best definition of it is as inadequate as a definitionof a bird which describes it as a thing made with feathers. For beauty is nota thing, but an emotion, and an emotion cannot be photographed. In the* presence of this or that phenomenon we experience the emotion we callbeauty ; and while it is of interest to keep records of the phenomena whichprecipitate this emotion, the clue to the effect of these phenomena will befound only in ourselves, for it is a commonplace that what is to one man anobject of beauty is to another an object of ugliness. It is precisely out ofthis apparently hopeless relativity that certain modern critics have generatedtheir thesis of aesthetic solipsism. " Since there can be no standards " (theysay) " let us make a virtue of multiplicity. us avoid saying that we likeor dislike, since that is merely to make record of idiosyncrasy, let us avoid theterms ' good ' and ' bad ', and all categories. Let our criticism be nothingbut exegesis, since values cannot be said to exist, and since one man's opinionis as good as another's. " But how many critics who see the charm of this at- titude foresee also all its implications ? What will result from it inthe world of art ? When we have ceased to blame or praise in accordance withany standards save those which the particular work of art carries implicitwithin itself, may we look for the prompt arrival of a Golden Age, inwhich all kinds of art will flourish side by side for the world to choosefrom ?Without, for the moment, taking refuge — and possibly a dangerousrefuge — in behaviorist or Freudian psychology, one may none the less bepermitted to be somewhat doubtful. This doubt may take two shapes. Inthe first place our critics of the new order assure us that what they most desireto eliminate from aesthetics is dogmatism, which, whether of praise or censure,is vicious. But just how does our new critic escape this ? Is he so naive asto suppose that he escapes it merely by removing from his vocabulary thewords 'like' and 'dislike', 'good' and 'bad', 'beautiful' and 'ugly', 'great'and ' minor' ? He does, of course, no such thing. Suppose he limitshimself to " criticism " of only those works of art with which he finds himselfmost in sympathy, limiting himself, again, in such cases, to saying that theartist " has endeavoured to do such-and-such, and has been successful, or bril- liantly successful, or only partially successful " ; and avoiding any attemptat classification, any comparison with other sorts or excellences of art. Willhe any the less be categorizing ? What on earth is he doing if not saying inso many words "This is the sort of thing I consider important?" And inignoring other sorts and excellences of art he is treating them to just the kind ofdogmatism he pretends to despise, with the sole difference that is is not out- spoken, and is therefore not honest. For the Quarterly to have ignored Keatswould have been essentially to have reviewed him just as dogmatically as hewas reviewed : it would have been tantamount to saying " We do not considerthis poet to be of any importance. " Iyikes and dislikes are inevitable, and it is no use trying to pretend that they are not, or deceiving one anotherby leaving them merely implicit.So much for our first doubt. Our " interpretative " critic is, therefore,seen to be just as dogmatic as any other, but prefers to veil his dogmatism,to leave it for his reader as a none too imponderable overtone. Our seconddoubt takes us further afield. It concerns the function of criticism, and thisdoubt is more important; for if we know what the function of criticism is, or canguess at it, we may then be able to decide better what its nature should be,and whether it should be candidly or uncandidly dogmatic. What, then, isthe function of criticism ? By far the commonest answer at present would be,no doubt, that criticism should act as mediator between artist and audience :that it should explain. And that this purpose in criticism always has been,is, and perhaps always will be among the most important of its characteristicscan hardly be doubted. We might even go further and say that it is the mostideal of its characteristics. It would be an ideal world, certainly, in whichthe poet's new book should be greeted by a thousand reviews in none of whichwould be a single slip of blame or praise, but only a studious effort to maketransparent the poet's meaning. It would in fact have to be an ideal world — aworld in which every poet wrote poetry worth reading ; for with the literaryjournals filled with analyses and interpretations, week after week, and no indi- cations anywhere of choice, one would perhaps otherwise waste a great dealof time in search of what one liked, and one would be certain to miss manya treasure. Yes, it would have to be an ideal world, or a world in whichliterature was a thing of the past. If literature were no longer a livingthing, if all the evidence, so to speak, were "in ", then criticism mightbecome an exact science. Animosities and jealousies would no longer beengaged, it would cease to be important from the point of view of poet x- that such-and-such a dogma should be true or not true, and the geologistsof the soul or mind could without fear of passionate interruption proceedto delve through the stratified deposits of the literary generations. Butour world is not an ideal world, and the " evidence " is only beginning ;no one knows what the weight of it or the direction of it will be. Literaturechanges constantly, it may develop in a manner totally unforeseen, and whoknows if the new book by z. or y. is the turning point or not ? z. or Y.do not know, certainly, though, of course, they hope so ; and it is exactly inthis situation that we should begin to see that criticism, under the conditionswe now live in, has a function which we have overlooked, a function not perhapsnoble, though perhaps, equally, not ignoble, but a function quite natural andnecessary. This function is not easy to describe, for it is complex. Perhaps,in its light, we might justly say that criticism is the artist's weapon, both of offense and defence, the weapon whereby he destroys or lames artistic ten- dencies inimical to his own ; whereby on occasion he is himself destroyed.In a world in which there were no absolute aesthetic values, such a weaponwould be of paramount importance. Where there is no law, strength willprevail. Under such conditions every artistic cult would have its cohort ofBalearic slingers, and to the victors would belong the spoils, in the shape ofpublic acclaim. The natural order of things, as we are accustomed to seeit, or think we see it, would be reversed : the sole standard of excellencewould be success, that poetry would be best which was most brilliantly andpersuasively brought to our attention, those theories of art would seem tous best which were most ingeniously argued, and for which our sensibili- ties, our mental tone, had been, by the artist's advanced guard, most cun- ningly and richly prepared. A moral chaos, truly, in which we see our- selves doomed to be the slaves of those slingers whose pebbles hit us hardestand most accurately, whose ideas, in other words, are most skilfully chosen.Are we glad we do not live in such a world ? If so, we are glad prematurely,for it is not demonstrable that our world is much different. The new aes- thetic teaches us that standards must be abolished in art — classes, grades,categories, also — and that the only question we have a right to ask beforea poem or statue is ' What is the artist saying, and with what skill does he sayit ? ' But why stop even there — why not push this aesthetic solipsism to itsextreme, and admit that we have no right to question even the artist's ' skill' ?How do we know what his conception of ' skill' may be ? ' Skill in expres- sion ' — for some that will mean complete expression, for some incomplete,for some it will mean the explicit, for some the implicit. No, we like thepoem or statue, or we do not like it, and that is all we have any " right "to say. There is no body of aesthetic " law " on which we can call forsubstantiation.If we live, therefore, in a world in which all aesthetic values are vagueand debatable, we observe sharply how important is criticism in a way we hadnot foreseen. For if these values are debatable, then criticism is the debate, —it is the extraordinary, the indispensable process by which, whether we arequerulous, abusive, analytical, mystic, candidly or uncandidly dogmatic, westrive to discover aesthetic law, not consciously always, but more often un- consciously, for it is a search which the individual carries forward not withthe disinterestedness of the scientist so much as with the passion of the zealot,intent on demonstrating that his own tastes and hence his principles, are andshould be the norm. We see here what we see so often on other planes, the es- sentially competitive order of things, the cruel struggle for survival. Criti- cism is the battle-ground of the arts. One theory goes out against another, and the better theory, the better method wins. ' Better ' ? By ' better ' wemean the one which meets with most approval for the moment, whether themoment be a decade, a century, or the whole expense of what Henry Adamswould call a historical " phase Eventually it may itself go down, in partor wholly, before another theory, another method, for in the meantime theminds and customs of men will have changed. Criticism seen in such a waypresents itself not as something separate from art, but as an integral part ofit, almost indeed as the summing up of its members, its consciousness, throw- ing over it a sharp and searching light which (in accordance with the par- ticular phase of thought) will dissolve some portions only to cast other por- tions into relief. To remove or alter criticism, under these circumstances, willbe in all probability to alter art itself and perhaps profoundly . . .And at this point we reach naturally a fresh view of the contemporaryquarrel between the " interpretative " and " judicial " critics. The inter- pretative critic, as we have seen, decries dogmatism, or positiveness, buthides his head in the sand of it none the less. He is as rigidly selective (andwhat is that but dogmatic ?) as his more candid brother, but believes inbeing more indirect, more deprecatory. Well, which method in criticism ismore stimulating to art, which will tend to provoke and release the greaternumber of artistic energies ? A question to which the answer is by no meansa foregone conclusion, but it seems to me that the answer whould rather bein favor of the dogmatist, whose opinions are vividly outspoken, than of theinterpreter, whose opinions are patiently concealed. For since we are talkingof energies, why should we not take towards art, for the moment the kineticview ? And if we take the kinetic view, it should be clear enough, I think,that the sharper the clash between one theory and another, and the greaterthe inequalities in level, the greater will be the forces generated, the morevaried and powerful will be the successive changes in art. The rivalriesof factions, the shock of opposed opinions, the relentless warfare betweenidea and idea — these things generate heat and excitement, which are formsof energy, and stimulate the individual artist to greater and greater efforts.Savage analysis, blind panegyric, even personal abuse, may be justified fromthis standpoint, for while they are often preposterous in the concrete, and some- times lethal to the individual artist, they contribute vitally to the sum- total of productive interest in the art in general. Vigorous action and reac- tion, powerful artistic movements, are only generated out of powerful forces.Criticism helps to give these forces consciousness and direction. But, onthe other hand, if we reduce criticism to a uniformity of bland and dispas- sionate interpretation, we have reduced in effect this sum total of productiveinterest well towards a dead level incapable of supplying further energy, or at the very least we tend so to reduce it. We shall be doing all we can toconceal from the individual artist the essentially competitive nature of thearts, and thus cause him to relax his efforts. And how inconsistent wouldbe such a course with our belief in the relativity of all aesthetic values !For if we reduce all aesthetic activity to solipsism — in other words to indivi- dualism — surely we ought not to be afraid of pursuing that course as criticswhich seems best calculated to compel the individual artist to exert him- self, to develop himself by competition, to grow by struggle. The more fe- ral the warfare between one art-method and another, the finer will be thecompetitive works produced, the intenser will be the energies flung into them.And every method will have its turn, in accordance with the prevailing sym- pathies of the moment.Is this view extremely speculative ?. . . Perhaps. But it appears to besound enough, as long as our attitude toward art is wholly aesthteic. If, onthe other hand, in the absence of anything like uniform aestehtic values,we take refuge, as I suggested earlier, in a purely psychological view of art,taking thought primarily always of its social function, we find ourselves atonce contemplating a change in criticism profound and perhaps deadly.For with the advent of a clear psychological understanding of what is so- cially useful in art, and of what is socially undesirable in it, we shall havereplaced the now vanishing tyranny of religious ethics with a new and uti- litarian ethics ; a replacement only too likely to occur in a world always be- coming more ' democratic '. . . But that is a question which does not forthe moment concern us. As long as criticism is based chiefly on ' tastelet us hope that it will be opinionated and individual, — armed cap-a-pie withtheory, logic, power of analysis, tactile delicacy, knowledge of psychologicalcauses, — but none the less intrepidly individual, springing out of the individual'sconfidence in the sacred rightness of his own view. Every artist, every cri- tic, for himself, and oblivion take the hindmost! This, it seems to me, isthe way to great art. 3 Bepi Fabiano. Drawing. Frediano Frediani. Drawing. LILACS. Amy Lowell. Ivilacs,False blue,White,Purple,Colour of lilac,Your great puffs of flowersAre everywhere in this my New England.Among your heart-shaped leavesOrange orioles hop like music-box birds and singTheir little weak soft songs ;In the crooks of your branchesThe bright eyes of song sparrows sitting on spotted eggsPeer restlessly through the light and shadowOf all Springs.Lilacs in dooryardsHolding quiet conversations with an early moon ;Lilacs watching a deserted houseSettling sideways into the grass of an old road ;Lilacs, wind-beaten, staggering under a lopsided shock of bloomAbove a cellar dug into a hill.You are everywhere.You were everywhere.You tapped the window when the preacher preached his sermon,And ran along the road beside the boy going to school.You stood by pasture-bars to give the cows good milking, You persuaded the housewife that her dishpan was of silverAnd her husband an image of pure gold.You flaunted the fragrance of your blossomsThrough the wide doors of Custom Houses—You, and sandal-wood, and tea,Charging the noses of quill-driving clerksWhen a ship was in from China.You called to them : " Goose-quill men, goose-quill men,May is a month for flitting/'Until they writhed 011 their high stoolsAnd wrote poetry on their letter-sheets behind the propped-up ledgers.Paradoxical New England clerks,Writing inventories in ledgers, reading the " Song of Solomon ".at night,So many verses before bed-time,Because it was the Bible.The dead fed youAmid the slant stones of graveyards.Pale ghosts who planted youCame in the night timeAnd let their thin hair blow through yonr clustered stems.You are of the green sea,And of the stone hills which reach a long distance.You are of elm-shaded streets with little shops where they sellkites and marbles,You are of great parks where everyone walks and nobody is at home.You cover the blind sides of greenhousesAnd lean over the top to say a hurry-word through the glassTo your friends, the grapes, inside.Ivilacs,False blue,White,Purple,Colour of lilac, You have forgotten your Eastern origin,The veiled women with eyes like panthers,The swollen, aggressive turbans of jewelled Pashas.Now you are a very decent flower,A reticent flower,A curiously clear-cut, candid flower,Standing beside clean doorways,Friendly to a house-cat and a pair of spectacles,Making poetry out of a bit of moonlightAnd a hundred or two sharp blossoms.Maine knows you,Has for years and years ;New Hampshire knows you,And MassachusettsAnd Vermont.Cape Cod starts you along the beaches to Rhode Island ;Connecticut takes you from a river to the sea.You are brighter than apples,Sweeter than tulips,You are the great flood of our soulsBursting above the leaf-shapes of our hearts,You are the smell of all Summers,The love of wives and children,The recollection of the gardens of little children,You are State Houses and ChartersAnd the familiar treading of the foot to and fro on a road it knows.May is lilac here in New England,May is a thrush singing " Sun up ! " on a tip-top ash-tree,May is white clouds behind pine-treesPuffed out and marching upon a blue sky.May is a green as no other,May is much sun through small leaves,May is soft earth, And apple-blossoms,And windows open to a South Wind.May is a full light wind of lilacFrom Canada to Naragansett Bay.Lilacs,False blue,White,Purple,Colour of lilac.Heart-leaves of lilac all over New England,Roots of lilac under all the soil of New England,Ivilac in me because I am New England,Because my roots are in it,Because my leaves are of it,Because my flowers are for it,Because it is my countryAnd I speak to it of itselfAnd sing of it with my own voiceSince certainly it is mine. Jacques Lipchitz. Sculpture. HE LAUGHED AT THE GODS. Jambs Oppenheim. During the course of some psychological investigations I was making, Ifound it necessary to visit an insane asylum near New York. The building wasno more than an ill-smelling barracks, very desolate : but the young interne,who guided me through the place, finally took me to a series of private rooms,which were homelike and pleasant and had windows facing the fields and thehills. He told me by the way that I must above all things see Dr. Farraday.Dr. Farraday, he explained, knew a great deal about the human soul: so muchso that the young doctors often consulted him about puzzling and unusualcases." He is the most interesting man here, " he told me." And what is he suffering from ? " I asked.He smiled. " You'll have to get his own diagnosis, "he said. " Betweeenyou and me, I think he has a high regard for our free board and lodging. Hehas the sort of insanity of the hobo, of the I-Won't-Works. But he came to ittoo late in life to make freight cars and hay-lofts at all attractive. He wastoo settled down to wander the world, and too — well, insane to work. "" Well ! " I laughed, " I daresay there are many like him — only they arequartered on relatives, or wives, or friends. . . In ancient days that form ofinsanity was highly honorable. It is, isn't it, the insanity of the artist ?His answer was to knock at a door, and a deep and rather pleasing voicecried, " Come in. " So we went in.The light flooded brightly through the tall wide window, so that at firstI only saw a dark bulk coming toward us. But I noticed the walls hung withmany strange and brilliant drawings, all of a symbolical nature, mythic animalsand gods, stars and moons, and landscapes that never were. When I was throughblinking, and had my man on the darker side of me, I saw him quite plainly.He was rather bulky and large, swarthy, and something about his face resemblingthe face of a turtle.His manner was very courteous, but a little absent. The young interne excused himself, with a private wink at me, as much as to say : "I won't inter- fere " ; and so we were left alone.I offered him a cigar, which pleased him, and we sat in comfortable arm- chairs by the window, and were soon plunged in scientific discussion .. . ButI saw he was restless. I noticed, too, now, that his clothes were ill-fitting, worn- out, patched and rather dirty ; that his nails and fingers were sooted up withcrayon and stained with ink ; that his cheeks and chin needed a shave and hishair was rather longer than we wear it.His restlessness increased. He rubbed his chin, gazed about abstractedly,swung his leg back and forth in a too obvious rhythm. And at last he spokein a voice which did not seem his at all — a voice which appeared to me to belongto some other person. The voice he had used was quiet and cool, although sympa- thetic. This new voice was personal, hot, and almost bitter." What is the use of all this talk ?" he cried out. "It gets us nowhere.Intellect ! science ! theor}*! brain-spinning ! Young man, that is our moderndevil. Kill him .. . strangle him out of your soul. He is the Devil of the ice,of the cold polar regions. Better a hundred times the old Devil of the burninghell, for in fire there is also God ! "For a moment I thought I was coming to psychic fisticuffs with him ; butI reflected, and at once swallowed my pride." I see, " I said, looking him in the eyes, " knew this modern Devilvery well ; perhaps intimately. "He glanced at me."You sit there, "he cried, " a bit of ice yourself. I feel no warmth fromyou ; I am not a human being to you, but just another case. Ilook for Christ and find a Devil. But you scientists will never save the worldwithout love — yea, and hate, too. Fire cleanses and resurrects, but the icefreezes and slays. You would embalm me too in your waste places ; and thereis no healing in it. Feel this asylum — chilly and cold and full of living death —and the blasted crowd waiting for a great lover to cast out their demons, He islate in coming ; he is late in coming. "The something that was strange in his voice, his manner and in his wordstroubled me deeply." You are quite right, " I said simply. " Forgive me for my attitude. "He looked at me attentively and spoke more softly." There is some hope for you, then, "he murmured. " Look, " andhe reached and brought a sheet of drawing paper from the little tablebeside him.He had drawn a picture in crayon, and done it very well. There was a power- ful man, with arms crossed on his chest, standing like a Napoleon on an ice- sheathed rock, and out of the sky a lightning in the form of a great serpent hadleaped down and was about to fasten his fangs into the man's eyes." Wonderful! " I cried. " And it means ? ""You tell me what it means, " he commanded.It flashed intuitively across my mind that it meant: 'He who sees toomuch must be struck blind. ' I told him and he was highly pleased :he regardedme affectionately." This is the first human contact I have had in a long time, "he said. " Ex- cept, of course, some of the lunatics . . . "" But how, " I asked, " can a man see too much, and why is such a man likeNapoleon ? "" Ah, " he said, " when Christ was shown the kingdoms of the world from ahigh mountain, he chose then between Caesar and the Galilean. Seeing, man —to see, to know — knowledge, they say, is power .. . But when one is blindthen one sees truly .. . sees inwardly. ' They have eyes, but they see not '.. . "I felt his meaning, though, to use the word in his sense, I did not see it." And what is the serpent ? " I asked." The gods. "" Then you believe in the gods ? "" I have always believed in them, " he said in his strange voice again, " butI laughed at them. The great Dr. Farraday laughed at the gods. Believed ?Of course. The fool says in his heart, There is no God. And the intellectualsays in his heart, There are gods, and I laugh at them. "We sat in silence, smoking, and now and then I felt him trying to pierceme with a look. At last he said :"You are troubled, my friend. "" Yes, lam troubled, " I admitted. "We are all troubled in these days. "" The days of the great ice, " he murmured. " The second Glacial Period. "He paused, then spoke abruptly. " I have a strange feeling for you, very unusual.lam going to tell you something. You may forget it as soon as you have heardit. You may say to yourself : 'It is the phantasy of an insane man. ' Or you mayfind it material for analysis and so enrich your science. Or perhaps if lam notwholly demented, you may take it into your being and find it a gift of the gods . . .It is a story — one of the few that have meaning for me. And it is about aman I knew — oh, knew very well. Most intimately .. . Perhaps it is the storyof our age. Who knows ? "I looked at him. Our eyes met." Tell me, " I said.And he told me . . ." His name was Trudo. That name after all is as good as another .. . I must tell you a little about his childhood . . . not much ... it is not very im- portant. Trudo was a sensitive child ; he couldn't compete with the boys :he was a coward and a stay-at-home. He felt everything so intensely thathe suffered incessantly. He could not fight, he could not play ball. And hisfather, whom he worshipped, died. And his mother was practical and embit- tered by her .struggles and her poverty. Trudo felt he was a worm. Yes, hewas vermin. Until he made a discovery ... If you couldn't beat others withyour fists or your skill or your leadership, you could beat them with your mind.And that was the beginning of the end for Trudo . . ."He resolutely killed all his feelings. It can be done, you know. Youbecome like the snail. His body is soft and fragile : but he draws it into hisshell when there is danger of attack. This is what Trudo did. And for the rest,he studied. He became a physician and a man of research. He developed hisintellect in a truly marvellous way. And he rose, and was well on the pathtoward greatness." I won't bore you with the details. They are the same for everyone whosucceeds. Think of your own successes. Merely imagine Trudo at the top ofhis profession, living in a very fine house near Central Park on a chaste side street.Respectability, luxury, the waiting room with old masters on the wall, the tiledand shining laboratory, the cushioned library, and so on, and so on .. . Itis not important, is it ?" I pause a moment to speak of his wife. She was a very fine woman,doubtless. Of one of the old New York families. If I mentioned the name,you'd know all about it, I'm sure. And she was religious, in a way, though hergod was rather a crude one, a sort of hybrid, not of the sphinx variety exactly,but a good respectable American god. lam not cynical about it either. Thatgod has given us much of America .. . Let me describe him in a word, a line :He was a puritan who believed in hard work, righteousness and business. Andhe believed in kindness and purity. You see my wife, don't you ? She wantedme to be honest and upright, respectable and wealthy, and at the same timelowly and obedient, — down on my knees to her deity .. . She found me thenan anomaly : I was honest, I was wealthy, I was upright ; but I was proud andvain and consumed in myself. I had no love in my heart. You know therewas John Brown to prove that a puritan can love like a blast of fire. Butalso, as you know, a puritan can be a peak of ice." Now I must tell you a great joke. My patients thought me a second Jesus.Actually. And why ? Because I was remarkably intuitive. I could piercedirect into their souls, and so I knew just what to say and to do to make themfeel I was in full sympathy with them. Is there anything more devilish thanthat ? I ask you. Think. To use the art of love to serve merely one's ambi- tion and one's egotism. To wear the mask of Christ in order to be a greatdoctor. Good old American bluff, isn't it ? "He paused, and took a puff on his cigar. It was as if he had forgotten mypresence. Indeed he did not seem to realize that he had dropped speaking of' Trudo ' and was speaking directly of himself, in the first person.Then he went on, his voice growing warm and poignant."My wife warned me, often. She said I had slain my soul, and was headedfor a great crash. She pointed out how many of our great business-men makeforced marches on success and are killed or driven insane or into a sanitariumbefore they are fifty. I agreed with her. But what could Ido ? The greatesttragedy of my life was the fact that it was a comedy. I knew all the facts, butI didn't care a snap of my fingers. I could not feel the tragedy. I was perfectlyhappy on the ice — that is, if you can call it happy. Perhaps, to put it morehonestly, I was neither glad nor sad, but busy, alert and keen." Then the symptoms came. I will not enter into the details. Palpitationof the heart, for instance — a very bad symptom, as you know. You see,I had no heart : so it was just there that the gods began to make mischief.Ah, yes, I knew then that the gods I had laughed at were preparing a littledoomsday for me. Man does not live by intellect alone. If thou hast twoloaves of bread, sell one, and buy hyacinths for thy soul. Lord ! I said thosevery words to myself at the time. But of what avail ?" Obviously there was nothing I could do — except one thing. I couldput away Mammon — I could give up my practice, my fine house, my scientificresearches. But what modern successful man can do it ? It was exactlylike the rich young man who went to Jesus. And Jesus asked him if he couldgive up his wealth: leave all, and follow. And the young man could not. Thatwas I." No. My pride and revolt increase, if anything. And I even became coldtoward my wife. And this killed her. I looked on her dead face, and not eventhen could I break through the ice, and drop one poor tear of pity or self-pity."You see, I was utterly lost. And now with my wife dead, and no children,and no true friends, you might have thought that it would be easy to let go ofthe power of the world. But not so. Not so. The decks were cleared for ac- tion, that was all. I was going to do a great bit of scientific writing. . ." Then the lightning struck me. Oh, it was so simple, so simple. I waswalking one night on a side-street on the lower west side. And a prostituteaccosted me. I had a sudden burning curiosity. I was curious about thepsychology of prostitution. I would go with this woman, and study her. Ihad no desire. I was a puritan. I did not want to touch her. Ugh! as aphysician I knew too much about the diseases of vice , . . " She took me then to her dingy hall bedroom in a cheap lodging house.I sat on the cot; she sat on a soap-box. And in the gaslight I saw her : a verythin woman, a little tall, and perhaps tubercular. Shining eyes and glowingcheeks. And she was very poor. "He groaned, and stopped. Then he whispered :" Now the story begins ~ . I began questioning her, when suddenlyshe burst out on me :" ' But you are not a human being. You are terrible. I feel as if the Devilhimself were in this room. '" I was startled. I asked her :" ' Who are you ? Where do you come from ? '"' I am a Russian, ' she said, ' and a Jewess. My name is Iyosha. '" ' But are not you in league with the Devil also ? '" ' No, ' she cried defiantly, rising before me and clenching her fists.'I am driven by need and loneliness : but you are only vain and learned. Youare a lost soul. '" ' Yes, ' I admitted in my honest way, 'I am lost. What's to be doneabout it ? '" ' You know you are lost, ' she cried, ' and yet ask me that ? Oh, this isterrible. This is the eternal damnation they talk about. .. '" ' That doesn't help me, ' I said. 112 Talk has never helped me. I cantalk myself. 'She stared at me, and leaned toward me." ' You are right. Only an infinite love could help you. '" That was the way we talked. And suddenly I forgot that I was the ques- tioner and had a great desire to tell her about myself. I told everything, justas I have told you. It was amazing enough :an ignorant sick woman of thegutter, one whose body was common merchandise, and who had no life of herown, and I, the learned scientist, the respectable and wealthy doctor." Three times I went to see her. And at the third the lightning passedthrough me. She was weeping when I entered and would not rise from thebed. Her face was buried in her hands." ' Why are you crying, Losha ? ' I asked."' I weep, ' she said, ' because you are to be pitied more than I am. Weare both prostitutes. But the Devil in me is a god, and you have no god. '" I stood, silent, but quite calm. Then she rose slowly and flung her armsabout my neck. I had not expected it. She whispered passionately :"' I love you. I love you. I love you. '" ' Why do you love ? ' I asked." ' Because I am your lost soul. ' " And I saw the truth. I saw that what lay buried in me was not onlydivine love, but also the great beast, and that this woman was both. And firstI felt a burning steal through my body, a hot and primal fire, the smoky breathof hell itself, and for the first time I could remember I had the horrible canniballust to tear a human body limb from limb. But while I was convulsed withthis, something strangely other came up and mingled with the lust. It was asif I saw the Christ. It was holy and ecstatic and divine ... Yes, yes, yes, itwas love . . ."You can imagine an earthquake that raises some monstrous buried for- mation to the surface and buries what if finds there. That happened to me .. .It was like a conversion. But in my conversion both Christ and the beast cameup and tore asunder the great Dr. Farraday — the fine intellect, the high- minded ego . . ." In short, I went suddenly mad, and gave a great shriek, tearing off myclothes and foaming at the mouth. I called ' the goddess ' and prostratedmyself before her. Then I shrieked aloud for the torture and agony and hadsomething very like a fit of epilepsy." She was terrified. She finally put me to bed, and soothed me. Shenursed me tenderly. I would lie quescient for hours ,in a fever. Then the spellwas 011 me. I saw great beasts, kings and gods. I was ground by terrible passionand ecstasy. It was a death. .. . "He paused ; then smiled sadly . . ."You can imagine the sequel. I could not return to my house. It was allended. All my interest in my work, my position, my power and place in theworld, had vanished. Everything, but the emotions that swept me, was quiteunreal. And so I ruined myself." I married Iyosha. It seemed a simple matter. And we opened a littlestationery shop and kept it together. . . Anf then I began to draw : I becamean artist. I was alive from head to foot, and yet quite tormented — tormentedby these terrible passions and ecstasies, these perverted and glorious impulseswhich for years had festered in my darkness, and which, when they came uponme, came more like monsters than divinities . . ." What can I say of Iyosha ? She was the one woman whom I never knew.My intuition failed me. I never understood. Was she ugly or beautiful ? stupidor wise ? base or. noble ? I cannot tell. I only could know her simple andundivided love, which never forsook me. It was those fires in which I becameas ashes."As ashes, ashes .. . One cold morning she coughed a great big rackingspasm .. . Then she whispered to me :" ' Trudo, I love you. ' " And she died .. . I closed the shop ... I did not need the shop. I neededonly my own soul, which began to dawn in me like the sun in spring .. . Andbeing quite insane, I came hereWe were silent. He fussed about among his papers, and murmured :" I suppose it isn't much of a story. "I smiled at him, but said nothing. Then he showed me a portrait he had madeof Losha.She was dark and thin, even gaunt, and a look almost of madness in the eyes ...The tears rolled down the Doctor's cheeks . . .A little later I said goodby to him. We stood, facing each other and he heldmy hand." I am insane, " he said, "do not forget that. And out there — " hewaved his other hand in the direction of New York, " live the sane ones. Loshais dead, and Dr. Farraday is dead. You know the ancients, "he smiled quaintly," thought the insane were close to the gods. But that's a fable, isn't it ? "I closed the door on him very softly, troubled in spirit. 4 Man Ray. Courtesy of Daniel Gallery - New York. Seguidilla. IN THE DOCK. W. de la Mare. Pallid, mis-shapen he stands. The world's grimed thumb,Now hooked securely in his matted hair,Has haled him struggling from his poisonous slumAnd flung him mute as fish close netted there.His bloodless hands entalon that iron railHe gloats in beastlike trance. His settling eyesFrom staring face to face rove on—and quail.Justice for carrion pants ; and these the flies.Voice after voice in smooth impartial droneErects horrific in his darkening brainA timber framework, where agape, aloneBright life will kiss goodbye the cheek of Cain.Sudden like wolf he cries ; and sweats to seeWhen howls man's soul, it howls inaudibly. THE SOUL OF AN ARTIST. J. D. Beresford. I. Ellis Bertram felt definitely that afternoon that he had, in a sense, Arrived.This " arrival" of his had come slowly, almost imperceptibly. He hadnot, as he had once hoped he might, " burst upon the world " as a new figurein letters. He could look back upon many hours both of impatience and despair.He had had at first to work under difficulties ; to write novels and stories inthe intervals of the necessary employment that had provided him with the meansof life. Later, also, he had not dared to do quite his best work. He had hadto keep his eye on the requirements of editors and publishers. But now. . .He found retrospect pleasant on this particular afternoon. There hadbeen no special climax to exhilarate him, but the more important reviews ofhis last book had, as it were, suddenly lifted ; treating him for the first time asa novelist of recognised standing ; his publishers had sent him a friendly and veryencouraging report of his sales, and mentioned that they were, also, selling nowmany of his earlier books ; he had had well-paid commissions for short stories ;and he had received a very good offer for the serialisation of his next novel, al- ready completed in manuscript, in an American magazine. Also, he had at lastgot settled into his new and altogether delightful house, a house that had aneffect of dignity and leisure ; a house to which he would be proud to invite hismany friends and acquaintances in the world of letters. And all these successestaken together and added to the fact that it was a glorious afternoon, had rousedhim during his solitary walk, to a warm and comforting sense of achievement,to the feeling that he had after all his struggles definitely and happily arrived.And he was only thirty-nine. He had still many years of robust and activeenjoyment before him, years in which he would certainly do better work thanhe had ever done before.He turned into Herondale Park with the slight suggestion of a swagger inhis walk. The free use of that Park was still another cause to be added in ac- counting for his sense of complacency. Lord Herondale was his new landlord and had been very gracious and charming on the one occasion on which EllisBertram had met him. " And, of course, you will have the free run of the Park, "Lord Herondale had said. " I beg you to use it whenever you feel inclined to. "The dignity of letters, Bertram reflected, carried one anywhere. He and hiswife would probably be invited to dine at the Manor when Lord Herondale re- turned in the autumn.By way of asserting his splendid prerogative, he turned into the path throughthe spinney that led into the private gardens of the Manor. He liked to feelthat he was singled out, distinguished from the common crowd, a man of fameand culture, on an equal, by virtue of his calling, with the old English aristo- cracy ...He was startled out of his gorgeous reverie by the sound of passionate andunrestrained sobbing, and looking up saw a few yards ahead of him, the bodyof a youth stretched out on the ground with an effect of complete abandonment.He was lying on his face under a great elm, his head buried in his arms, andhe was crying with a disregard of any possible audience that seemed to Ber- tram almost indecent.For a moment he was inclined to turn quietly back and leave this disturberof dreams alone with his grief. But Bertram was a kind, and conscientiousman, and he knew that if he went without making the least effort to consolethis unhappy fellow-creature of his, he would presently suffer the stings of selfreproach. Moreover, he would have to tell Nina when he got home, —he toldher everything, — and she would be certain to ask him how he could have re- mained indifferent to the evidence of such misery. Dear Nina was always soanxious to help everyone.Nevertheless it was with a distinct feeling of intruding upon another's pri- vate affairs that he took a halting step or two in the direction of the prone figure.He had deliberately turned his head away, and he was startled by the abruptcessation of the sobs, and the sudden hail of a voice." Hallo ! what are you doing here ? This path is private, you know, "the voice said.Bertram turned and looked at the speaker. He was sitting up, now, thoughstill with an effect of clumsy abandonment, — a slender youth of seventeen oreighteen, with dark hair and a striking though rather ugly face. His featureswere certainly not good. His eyes looked small under the bulk of a heavyforehead, over which straggled untidy wisps of dark hair. His nose had noparticular shape, his mouth was pinched and at this moment rather peevish.Indeed his best feature was his firm, cleft chin. Yet there was something do- minating and powerful about his expression, an air of intrepidity and moralcourage. " I — I have had permission to come here from Lord Herondale, " Ber- tram explained politely. " I'm sorry if — if I disturbed you. "" Oh ! I suppose you're Ellis Bertram, aren't you ? " the boy replied care- lessly. " The chap who has taken ' The Dower' ? I read one of your books,the other day. I hope you won't expect me to say that I liked it ? "Bertram stiffened. " I don't excect you to say anything at all about it, "he said formally. " I'm naturally sorry that it doesn't please you ; but, ofcourse ..." He shrugged his shoulders.The boy pursed his little mouth and regarded Bertram with a singularlydirect stare. " Silly thing for me to say, I admit, "he remarked ; " but I'vegot a rotten habit of saying the first thing that comes into my mind. " Hegrinned as he added without the least sign of shame, ' Hinc illae lachrymae ' ,you know. "Bertram found his temporarily alienated interest returning with greaterforce. " I can't pretend that I didn't see you crying, " he admitted. " Ithought, perhaps, I might . . . that is, if I could help you in any way . . . ? "The boy's expression magically and beautifully changed. He sat up,pushed back the hair from his forehead, and his whole face was suddenly alightwith interest." I wonder if you could, "he said. " You're a writer, well-known and allthat, and you must have a lot of influence. ""Do you mean that you want to be a writer, too ? " asked Bertram. "Ifyou do, I . . . "" Oh! come and sit down, here" the boy interrupted impatiently." I'll tell you all about it. " He pointed to the grass beside him as he spokewith a gesture that was almost a command.Bertram obeyed without hesitation. His first feeling of repulsion hadnow given way to one of attraction and interest. Moreover, an alluring fantasyhad sprung into his mind. He had seen himself as the patron of youthful ta- lent ; as the discoverer of genius. It would, he thought, be in some sort thecrown of his career to figure as the literary guardian of some new poet. Hedefinitely hoped, though he did not pause to enquire why, that his protegewould prove to be a poet. He had never, himself, attempted to write verse." It's all that beast Herondale's fault, " the boy began at once. " I knowpeople would say that I owe him a lot, and so I do. I'm ready to admit allthat. But just the same he is a beast to me, in some ways. By the way, though,I don't suppose you know who I am ?Bertram had to admit his perfect ignorance on that matter. " But I'veonly been here a week or two, " he added, by way of apology." I'm a by-blow, " the boy said without any appearance of shame in the confession. " A sort of nephew of Herondale's. My mother was Lady Con- stance Fletcher, you know, Herondale's sister. She married old Fletcher andthen eloped with my father who was a blackguard by all accounts, though Iexpect they say that just because he was unconventional. And then, poorchap, " the boy's tone was one of precocious cynicism, as he continued, " hehad the ghastly misfortune of being a foreigner, and mixed at that. EasternEurope, Magyar, Slovak, Ruthene, Slav — that sort of thing. Enough to damnanyone in the eyes of our precious English aristocracy. And a musician !Pretty hopeless from Herondale's point of view wasn't it, — descended fromIrish kings with just the right dash of good Engish stock to make him all that'ssolid and respectable ? Oh ! Lord ! well that's that. And I was born andmy mother was dead, before old Fletcher had time to get his divorce through." Then old Fletcher adopted me. Did the right thing. Frightfully gener- ous, and overlooking, and willing to forgive me for having got myself bornin such dastardly bastardly circumstances. Ronald Fletcher, they call me.Trying to make out, I suppose, that old Fletcher was my father. Com- plimentary to him, rather, because he wasn't ever likely to have had childrenof his own. However, he withered away when I was eleven, and then Heron- dale took on the job of educating me. Marlborough, first; but I got expelleda year ago, as 'incorrigible.'" He shrugged his shoulders over the word,as if offering it to Bertram to translate as best he could. " And, now, I'mworking here with a tutor, cramming for my entrance exam for Balliol. Andwhatever do you suppose Herondale proposes to do with me ? No, of course,you'd never guess. He wants me to go into the Civil Service ; Indian or Home,according as to how I turn out. He thinks it will have a soothing influence onme ; teach me how to conduct myself lowly and reverently to all my betters.He's so afraid of the blackguard strain in me, the Eastern European taint. Putsmy getting pushed from Marlborough down to that; and imagines that he'llget rid of it by a course of pap and platitude. Holy Sinners ! what a fool he canbe in some ways ! "" And you want to be a writer ? " Bertram putin at the first pause. Hewas impressed both by the boy's egotism and his conversational " style ". Hecertainly had a power of vivid expression. Even in that brief account of hislife, Bertram had found, with a strange sense of discomfort, an aptitude fordirect and forcible statement that he, himself, had always lacked." Want to be ? I am, " Ronald Fletcher replied. " I don't say thatwhat I've done up to now is any real good, but I know that it's much betterthan most of the stuff that's being published — bar verse, of course. "" Then it isn't verse you've written? " Bertram enquired, conscious of hisdisappointment. Ronadl Fletcher leaned back against the trunk of the elm, and claspedhis hands behind his head. " No, "he said reflectively after a brief interval." I shall probably write verse, later ; but so far I haven't had the patience.The stuff conies so quickly, you see, and I have to get it down at once. Theexigencies of the poetical form involve so much discipline. I shall come tothat, in time ; at present I prefer the freedoms of prose. "" But good prose, surely ..." Bertram began.Ronald waved that aside. "Oh ! I know ; I know , " he said. " Butit happens that my thoughts fall more naturally into prose. "" Would you let me see your — your essay is it ? — or whatever you'vewritten ? " Bertram asked." I would have, like a shot if I'd got it, " Ronald said. " I don't knowhow to describe it exactly. It was a kind of fantasy, half allegory and halfromance. Rather good in parts, but it's just as well I destroyed it. "" You destroyed it ? " gasped Bertram, who had treasured his every line." That was what the row was about and why I was blubbing just now,"Ronald explained. " Herondale came down last night and after lunch to-day,we had a first-class row. Holy Sinners ! What a row it was ! He wouldn'tgive way an inch when I said I wanted to chuck everything and write. Hehad read my thing over night and said it ' showed promise' or some rot of thatkind. It was then I tore it up and cursed him and came out here. I was onfyblubbing because I'd lost my temper. I work it off that way. I'm like that. "" You can re-write it, I suppose, " Bertram put in." I could but I shan't, " Ronald said. " I've got a better idea, I want toget down. The other was only the sort of thing one begins with Just aswell that it's out of the way. "" I wish I'd seen it all the same, " Bertram murmured." Yes, it's a pity, especially if you're going to help me, " Ronald agreed." But I'll get this other thing going pretty soon and then I'll read it to you.I expect you'll be a fairly decent judge even though you are on a differentline yourself. "Bertram blushed faintly, remembering his companion's first greeting."Ah ! yes, by the way, " he said, " you don't — er — care for my books, Iinfer. "" They're all right in a way, " Ronald said. " Frightfully carefully writtenand constructed — good craftsmanship and so on ; but there's no idea, no in- vention, no real guts in the one I read, — it was your last ' The Hill of Pro- mise .' Just a comment, hardly that, on a certain side of life ; all about tame,conventional people with no red blood in them. "Bertram shivered. All his dream had fallen from him. He saw himself stripped ; left without a rag of complacency to cover him. What the boy hadsaid was true. He had always known it was true, and had never dared to facethe fact. He had no passion, no creative force, no real temperament. Hewas a patient and able craftsman, that was all." You're very frank, " was all he said, but he said it humbly.Ronald looked at him with a sudden touch of contrition. "It was rottenof me to say that, "he admitted. " Just after you'd promised to help me,too. I shall have to cure myself of this beastly habit of saying whatever Ithink. "" No, no, " Bertram said. " Not with me, anyway. That's one of yourgifts. It will get you into all sorts of trouble, but it's — it's a part of yourgenius. "Ronald instantly forgot his apology. " How can you tell I've got genius, "he said ; " when you've never seen a word that I've written ? "" Won't you, at least, give me credit for some intuition ? " Bertramasked. " Even if you can't find the evidence of it in my novels ?Ronald did not seem to hear that pathetic speech. He was staring out infront of him, and apparently regardless of Bertram's presence. " I supposeafter all, " he said " that pretty nearly anyone except Herondale and his sortwould know at once that I am a genius. That was what they really meantat Marlborough, when they said I was incorrigible. "He jumped to his feet with an air of relief as he continued, "I'm gladI met you. It has helped me to clear my ideas a bit ; and if Ido quarrel finallywith Herondale I could come to you until I got launched. "" Certainly you might if you would care to, " Bertram agreed meekly." But wouldn't it be better for you in every way if I were able to persuadeLord Herondale that it is his duty to let you express yourself in your ownway ? "Ronald pursed his mouth and regarded Bertram thoughtfully. "My dearman, you'd have no earthly, " he said.Just for a moment, however, some faint reflection of his dream had returnedto Bertram. "Ah ! there, you're wrong, "he said, speaking for the first timewith an effect of superior " You see, whatever your own opinion ofmy books may be, I have achieved a certain standing in letters ; and you willfind that Lord Herondale will at least give attention and consideration to any- thing I have to say on my own subject. But first of all, you must let me seesome of your work ; until then I shall have no locus standi ..."He would have gone on, but Ronald cut him short. "Oh ! all right, "he said, and turned away as he spoke and began to walk back towards the Ma- nor. In a moment, he had changed from the brilliant young genius to a sulky schoolboy. Bertram had offended him by demonstrating that in this particular thing he was wiser than Ronald, himself.Bertram sighed as he watched the gauche and rather ungainly figure moon- ing up the path. Yet even before he reached the gate into the Manor grounds,another change was manifested in him. He unexpectedly [lifted his head andbegan to run. He had forgotten the merited reproof, no doubt, and was con- templating his own brilliant future. The sound of a faint shout of triumphcame back to Bertram along the avenue.It was another Ellis Bertram that made his way home across the Park, ahumbled and chastened author who had seen the truth about his work all tooclearly and painfully revealed. Yet before he reached home, he was in theair again. For illumination came to him suddenly, blindingly. He sawwhere he had failed. Those characters of his that had no " red blood in them "were echoes of himse'f. They had been too gentle, too considerate in theirdealings with their fellowmen. Now, he had recognised for the first time inhis life the ruthless egotism of genius. He could never imitate that in his life,but, by Heaven, he could portray it in a novel. The book, indeed, was alreadybeginning to unfold itself in his mind vivid and enthralling. It would be hismasterpiece. It would be a book that not even Ronald Fletcher himself, coulddespise. 2. Ellis Bertram had undoubtedly many of the gifts and abilities of the liter- ateur, and chief among them was the power to live in the world of his own im- agination. The effects of the moment's illumination that had come to himin the course of his first meeting with Ronald Fletcher, were only transient.Indeed, he could not have lived long with that stark image of his owncapacities.His interview with Lord Herondale, some ten days after his agreementwith Ronald, served to reinstate Bertram in his own esteem. Lord Herondalewas not only courteous and flattering, he was, also, willing to pay his visitorthe final compliment of allowing himself to be convinced. Ronald came in,gauche and sulky, at the end of the interview and his uncle broke the goodnews to him." Mr. Bertram whose authority I find myself unable to oppose, " Lord He- rondale said, " has persuaded me, Ronald, that you have a most unusual giftfor writing. "" Pretty obvious, " Ronald muttered with a shrug of his shoulders."My dear boy, " his uncle reproved him. " You may, perhaps, remember that many of our most famous poets were slow in winning recognition ; andwhatever your gifts, you may count yourself uncommonly lucky in winningthe approval of so eminent and influential an author as Mr. Ellis Bertram atthe outset of your career. "Bertram took that thought home with him and cherished it. Other peo- ple besides Lord Herondale, he reflected, also regarded him as 'eminent andinfluential. ' He must have very unusual talent to have earned that descrip- tion. Nina confirmed him in that opinion. Also, she outdid him in the judg- ment that Ronald was a self-centred and arrogant youth whose criticismswere warped and undependable . . .And it was in this mood of self-confidence that Bertram presently intro- duced Ronald Fletcher to publishers, editors and the public ; a mood that wasupheld and encouraged by the result. Indeed, his Introduction to Ronald'sfirst book received more attention in the reviews than the book itself. Ber- tram was the sponsor, he was the known figure, and he undoubtedly won freshprestige by this evidence of his acumen and insight. He was more writtenabout and more courted as a consequence. And when his next novel came outin book form after its serialisation in the English and American magazines,it beat all his previous records for circulation. Truly, it seemed that his dreamon that momentous afternoon in Herondale Park, had been only a shadow ofthe glorious reality.Of Ronald, himself, Bertram saw very little in those days. Lord Heron- dale had apparently thrown up the sponge, made his nephew an allowance andgiven him carte blanche to hang himself in his own way. Ronald had acceptedthe gift of liberty as his natural right and for a time had gone to live in Paris,though he had expressed his intention of " doing " Eastern Europe, later.Bertram, thus freed from any responsibility other than the occasional ad- vertisement of Ronald's — and incidentally his own — name by articles inthe more literary weeklies, settled down after the applause had somewhat sub- sided, to write his masterpiece. He had ample leisure for that, now. He wasfree from the financial worries that had clouded his earlier career and was nolonger harassed by the necessity for haste. That this book would be a master- piece, neither Bertram nor his devoted, admiring wife had the least doubt.Never before had he been so brilliant and convincing in his characterisation,nor so happy in his descriptive passages. Almost for the first time in his life,he felt genuinely inspired, full of creative force, brimming with ideas.Only one aspect of the book a little alarmed him. His chief characterwas an all too vivid and startling portrait of Ronald Fletcher. And he couldnot change it, because it was the salient achievement of the story. He hadpictured Ronald's career at school, his early struggles to get a hearing, and then with what had certainly seemed to him a flash of genius had given hima bragging and unmoral love-affair with a beautiful woman ten years older thanhimself. That had appealed both to Bertram and his wife, as being conclus- ively and indubitably " right It had the authentic ring of truth. And thataffair and all the incident of the book arose naturally and inevitably from thecharacter of the chief figure. If that character were altered, the whole bookwould ring false and unreal.It was not, however, until four years after Bertram's first sight of RonaldFletcher that the book was finished. In the interim, he had written and pub- lished another successful novel in his familiar manner, a novel that had not,for some reason, quite maintained his reputation. One reviewer had hintedthat the author was " written out ". Bertram and Nina had smiled at thatreview, knowing what a surprise they had in store for critics and public.But in that interval, Ronald Fletcher, young as he was, had already madehis mark. His originality, his unorthodoxy, his fertility which had begun byshocking English readers, had now begun to impress them. He was abusedand read. The writers of Bertram's school were intensely jealous of the intru- sions of this iconoclast, but they could not quench him by adverse criticism,however academic. He had impressed his personality on the public. Therewere endless stories about him. At twenty-two, Ronald Fletcher was morethan a man of extraordinary promise ; he was a figure in literature ; and theunprejudiced spoke of him as the rival of Chatterton and Keats. Everyonehad long ago forgotten the fact that he had been discovered by Bertram. Flet- cher, it was understood, must have been " discovered " by the first discriminat- ing reader who saw his work. 3. Ronald was reconciled, now, to his uncle, Lord Herondale, and was actuallystaying at the Manor when Bertram received the copy of his magnum opus backfrom the typist. And as Bertram read through the book in its new aspect,the thought came to him that he would like Ronald himself to read it, beforeit went out to the world. Even now, that old criticism of his rankled a little,occasionally ; and he felt that he could not wait until publication before hefinally justified himself in the sight of the man whose opinion had so horriblycondemned him four years earlier. Nina heartily agreed in this plan ; but shewas a little spiteful. She wanted Ronald to see how he looked in the eyes ofall decent people. She thought that Bertram's book " ought to do MasterFletcher, a lot of good. "Ronald sighed when the request was made to him, but granted it rather as though it were a duty which he could not shirk. Bertram was a little piqued,but consoled himself with the thought of the effect he was going to make.He gave the manuscript to Ronald before lunch, and mentally allowed hima couple of days in which to read it. He was surprised when just as he andNina were sitting down to dinner they saw Ronald coming up the drive to theDower with the manuscript in his hands." He can't possibly have read it in the time, " Nina ejaculated. " I sup- pose we shall have to ask him to dinner. "As the maid went to open the door, Nina told her to show Mr. Fletcherinto the dining-room.He came in a moment later, dropped the manuscript on the dinner table,and sat down, without any greeting to either Bertram or Nina, in an arm chairaway from the table." You'll join us at dinner ? " Nina said, on a note of reproof, but Ronaldshook his head.Bertram found himself trembling with nervousness." You've never read the book so soon ? " he said.Ronald glowered at him. "Of course, I've read it,"he replied." And — and — what's your ..." Bertram began, but Nina interruptedhim by saying : " Isn't it a masterpiece, Mr. Fletcher ? Even you must admitthat . "Ronald took no notice of her, but kept his eyes steadily fixed on Bertram." What are you going to do with it ? " he asked."Oh ! well, — publish it, " Bertram said with a nervous laugh. " Youdidn't think I was — er — going to — to bury it, did you ? "Ronald got up and began to pace the room. " I'll grant you it's good, "he said. " The best thing you've ever done or ever will do. "Bertram flushed slightly. He intensely appreciated the compliment,while resenting the rider." But you can't publish it, " Ronald said.Nina sniffed her contempt.Bertram smiled with a touch of condescension. "My dear old chap, "he protested.Ronald turned on him. All the anger had gone out of his face, and hadgiven way to a look of dominance and settled resolution." Where did you get that story from ?" he asked. " The story of me and'Lady Adelaide ' ? "" I got it out of my imagination, " Bertram said with a faint complacency." It seemed to me so exactly the sort of thing you would do. ""You think that I'd sacrifice her — the woman you imagined — to my 5 egotism ? " Ronald replied. " You believe that if I did have a love-affair likethe one'you've drawn, that I should always think first of myself and my owncredit, comfort, reputation and the rest of it ? "Bertram pursed his mouth. " Honestly, I do, " he said.Ronald came forward and leaned his hands on the table. He was star- ing straight into Bertram's eyes, as he said, " Oh ! how lamentably you fail,Ellis Bertram ! How small your inagination is. You can't avoid, even inyour best book, the mechanical, the conventional, the expected. You've drawnme well, just as far as you've been able to observe me, you've even, — withtheone touch of genius you've ever shown, — imagined the kind of woman I mightfall in love with. But then, " he lifted his hands with a gesture of despair," how you fail! All the rest of the story is merely a muddled rechauffe of thestuff you've read, about men of my sort, all the commonplace, dramatic stuffthat ..."But Nina could stand it no longer. " Nonsense, my dear boy, " she inter- rupted him sharply. " You're just talking boastful, arrogant nonsense.What does your opinion amount to after all ? "Ronald did not condescend to look at her as he replied, "It amounts tothis, " he said still with his eyes on Bertram, " that as it happens, I have thefacts to confute you. You've drawn, or tried to draw, me in your book, nowyou shall know the truth. I have ... I mean there is ... " For the first timein the Bertrams' experience, Ronald was faltering in his speech."You mean that there has been, is, some woman in your life ? " Bertramprompted him.He nodded. " Is, " he said gently. "Oh ! yes, there is, there alwaysmust be. And I haven't sacrificed her. I couldn't, though she's willing to besacrificed for me." No, no, I'd sooner give up writing than that, " he continued, offeringwhat was so evidently to him the ultimate renunciation. He paused for a mo- ment before he added with a sudden renewal of his earlier fury. " And goodGod, your dirty little book, Ellis Bertram, would expose everything. It isnear enough, in a way, to confirm the little scandals that I haven't been ablealtogether to avoid. Publish that book, and everything will come out. Itwon't hurt me. She'll come to me then, and the notoriety will only advertiseme. I shall have everything that I can desire. But, oh I know so infernallywell, that it would kill her. Her husband's a devout Roman Catholic. Therecan never be any question of divorce. And she'd wither. She's not the rightkind of woman to make that sacrifice, Bertram ; and she doesn't know it, her- self. She's always been up in the big world, and she can't realise what life withme would be like, in these circumstances. But I can ! Oh ! God, why do I know these things, so truly ? If only I could believe that I might be wrong foronce! "He seemed to have forgotten the Bertrams. He had thrown himself backinto the arm chair, he was leaning forward with his face in his hands, absorbedin his own misery.Nina opened her mouth, glanced at her husband, and then decided for si- lence. She wanted desperately to disbelieve Ronald, and she could not. Shehad never known him to speak anything but the truth. Did not his whole re- putation rest on the fact that his love for the truth, as he saw it, outweighedevery other consideration ?Bertram had pushed back his chair and was staring up at the ceiling." Ronald, " he said after what seemed a very long interval." Well, " Ronald muttered still with his head in his hands." If I altered that book ? " Bertram began." You'd have to do it out of all recognition, " Ronald said, looking up." But supposing, I write the truth, " Bertram suggested, " showed howyou sacrificed yourself and your career, everything, to — to your love ? "" Everyone would recognise the facts and disbelieve your deduction, " Ro- nald said.Bertram plunged his hands into his pockets and sighed deeply. " 111admit that I can't publish it, as it is, " he confessed, glancing at Nina." No, dear, perhaps you can't, " she consoled him ; " but I'm quite certainthat you could make just as wonderful a book of it, if you got away from thereal facts altogether. I'm sure you could invent something just as interestingand lifelike. "Bertram and Ronald were looking at each other, now. They knew. Andin that moment they recognised each other as fellow-craftsmen, for Ronald sawthen what hitherto his prejudice had led him to overlook, namely that at heartBertram was an artist with the passionate love for truth in his soul, only hiscircumstances and the weakness of his power of imagination so often blinded him." I suppose it's the only way, " Bertram said softly.Ronald got up, then, and leaned over him putting his arm across his should- ers. "By Heaven, old man, I'm sorry, "he whispered. " I know what anawful thing I'm asking you to do. But we understand one another don't we ?You're one of my sort. "That was Bertram Ellis's apotheosis, his final achievement in the worldof letters, though none knew it but himself. For he never published anotherbook. He tried, if only to please Nina, to alter his great novel. (In spite ofRonald's censure, Bertram still found the seeds of greatness in that novel).But he did it mechanically, and so badly that even the adoring Nina was dissatisfied and told him that he wanted a long rest. And somehow that restcontinned. His financial circnmstances demanded no further output, and hetold Nina that the desire to write had temporarily gone from him. If anyconsolation were needed, she found it in his stress on the word " temporarily ",and her conviction that his reputation was already permanently established.It was really wonderful how his old books kept on selling in the cheap edi- tions . . .It was nearly five years after the interview in the Ellis's dining-room thatIyord X— died of pneumonia, and when, after an interval that some criticsjudged to be too short by a whole fifteen months, his widow married the fa- mous Ronald Fletcher, Bertram sent him the original manuscript of his " greatnovel " for a wedding-present. " I could have published it once, " he wrotein the accompanying letter, " but I value your opinion more than anypublic applause. You hailed me once as one of your own sort, and I amcontent with that. "Ronald showed the letter and the manuscript to his wife, " Ellis is a goodchap, " was his comment; " and he had some of the qualities of the artist,but no imagination. "But Bertram never heard that comment; and he was content with hisapotheosis. Though there are still occasions when he is inclined to believe Nina'sconfident assertion that one day he will write a really great book. William Grapper. "The Second from the end is a peach„. William Grapper. The Chess Game. HOSPITAL NIGHTS. Lola Ridge. I. Ivie still, you girl, with arms like thin white moonbeams,Or twist your pillow from that patch of sky—Mauve-rose awning over herded lights,Where spangled womenGo forth to love and eat.Why do you listen— you with the life in you lyingHeavily-cold as a dead child—To life throbbing hot and lusty enough to shake the peace of starsWith their white roots in God ? II. Sometime .. . when the nurse has padded off softly,turning the light out. . .If your soul should smile ... as it crowds you into a corner . . .Do not let it beguileYou to a duel of looks . . .Draw over your body more than a sheet,Leaving no slit at the head or the feet.It must be from a covered placeThat you look your soul in the face. III. Nurse, with hair like clotted honey,What is it that is always creeping and moving Back of the lights in your eyes ?Eyes that are glossily brownAs the back of a queen beeThat soars with her mate into the blue .To clinch and grapple and sway . . .Ivight lancing light under a flashing sky .Till she circles aloneOver a plunge . . . and a gray trailing . . .Nurse, with heavily swaying thighs,Do the men you tend flinch and quiverAs you hover close in the darkness ? IV. The Salvation Army lassLay very still all day.Her body seemed to depend from her eyesEyes eager-blue as marblesThat have rolled in many gutters,Yet stayed miraculously clean.Now her hands monotonouslyScoop up the shallow moonlight,Pale as weak lemonade,That spills through her fingersOver the white sheet.The moon is of little account here,With that strong light in the corridor.Now over the Battery—All the bay to herselfAnd Sunday boats coming in—The moonll be bright as Jesus,Walking upon the water. FAIRY TALE. Donald Corley. when everyone was young, and no sorrow had come into the world,and the fairies did not hide in flowers and under stones, there lived in a castlebuilt of shining copper that was always like a lantern in the firwood at night,a king, who had a daughter, and she could not speak, except in whispers. Theprincess, whose name was Malourisan, after the West wind of that country,and who had black hair like a crow's wing, was never understood, because shecould only whisper. And so she went about the castle, smiling to herself, some- times sad, sometimes merry she whispered to the long silver mirrors she whispered to the roses that clung about the window of the tower in whichshe lived for she had much to say, many beautiful things to tell butnoone ever understood except the roses who nodded in the wind when Malou- risan whispered to them the roses undestood, a little, and so they smelledtheir sweetest to please the Princess Malourisan and when she pluckedthem to tie in her black hair that was like a crow's wing.... they clung to herand laid their cheeks, which were always the colour of love, against hers, andthey lived as long as they could to be near the Princess Malourisan and when they had faded she put them away in a blue jar to remind herof yesterday's secrets and some she laid tenderly among the silken gar- ments that she wore when she was sad in a chest of sweet sandalwood the mirrors, when she whispered to them, smiled at her, a little sadly, as if tosay.... " We know so much.... we have seen so many beautiful things...and yet we must always just listen and never speak but we under- stand, just the same ". And the mirrors loved her, too The whitepeacock, when she went to him, to whisper the things that she must tell thethings she knew of love and dreamed of life these two are one and thesame..... the peacock sang to her, for peacocks really sang then before fairieshid themselves in flowers and under stones peacocks only stopped singingwhen — but that is another story ! But the peacock sang only of his beautifuleyes his thousand beautiful eyes and he never understood The king her father had summoned all the magi and all the great meta- physicians in seven realms but none of them could make the PrincessMalourisan speak above a whisper and of course the king, whose namewas Iran, could not hear what she said for he was old, and deaf and had forgotten all that he knew of love and had never dreamed oflife.... And King Iran had sent abroad in all the world, messengers, to saythat whoever could give the Princess speech, above a whisper, should marryher, and be given the castle of copper that was like a lantern in the dark fir- wood, and the white peacock and all the thousand mirrors of silver thatwere in the castle but if he should fail, who tried, his eyes were extin- guished, like candles for the king made this the penalty, that whoso triedto give the Princess speech, and failed, was not worthy longer to look uponthe world. And so, as time went on, the dark firwood was filled with blindprinces and beggars, and artists and luteplayers who lived in hollowtrees one day the Princeess Malourisan went down to the stream in thefirwood to bathe for she loved the cool green water where the feather- clouds floated, and sweet voices greeted her.... and beautiful golden dragon- flies came to rest upon her black hair when she spread it out upon the flat stoneswarmed by the sun for the Princess knew that the sun brings perfume toeverything that it touches she went always to bathe at noon for was not everyone blindin the firwood ? some had tried to understand by chattering themselves but this is not the way to understand anyone who has many beautiful thingsto say of love and dreams and they were justly made blind As the Princess stood by the stream, upon a warm, round stone, that wasflat like a l;ly-pad, and that made her little feet feel as if they were kissed and her soft garments fell about her like leaves and as she leaned overto look into the stream at herself she was sad "Will noone everlisten to me ? " And the dragonflies flew about her head and made an airygolden crown for her And as she whispered to the stream sheheard a still little crooning voice, whispering back to her " Now it cannotbe the stream " she said to herself "the stream is like my silvermirrors it loves me, but it cannot answer me. " But the streamhad little feet to run with, and a voice to ask the way and be flippant tothe toads and did not have to stay tiresomely in one place, like the sil- ver mirrors and the stream had been in many places, and knew manysecrets So the stream smiled up at the Princess Malourisan and whisperedgently "Tell me tell me tell me And then she knew that the stream could speak, and she leaned over until the ends of her black hair fell upon the face of the stream, and she whispered..." no one loves me I am sad no one listens to me ! send some- one to love with me to dream with me..... I have so much to tell but only to someone who loves me " And the stream stopped only longenough to hear these things, and to kiss the ends of the Princess Malourisan'shair and then went running and tumbling down through the forest singing " I'm going I'm going I kn0w..... I know Iknow where to go "And then the princess was happy, and went back to the castle of copperthat was like a lantern in the firwood, whispering to herself little happy thingsand dancing through the firwood as lightly as rain upon the leaves and all the blind beggars and princes and luteplayers and artists in their hollowtrees awoke, and wished that they could see for they knew that some- thing very beautiful had happened and the Princess climbed up into her tower and blew a kiss fromher fingers to the stately silver mirrors and they blew kisses back to herand she went to the window and took three roses and scattered theirpetals upon the f100r.... and opened the chest of sandalwood in which shekept her silken garments that she wore when she was sad and shook outthe faded roses from them and dressed herself in them and danced amongthe scattered rose-.leaves upon the floor for she knew that the streamwould hurry with her secret and take it far away, and tell it to the rightone but one roseleaf she kept Through the forest and the fields along the roads and past the willowsand under the bridges gathering the letters that the plum trees threwdown, and the pollen for the market the stream ran, singing and whis- pering and smiling until it came to the city and there, every afternoon the stream played in a marblebasin of a fountain and tossed sunbeams up and caught them andcalled out to any who passed that way.... but none stopped to listen, for theysought nothing but one came, and he was lonely, and he knew why and thought there was no remedy and as ever, when he passed that way, he stopped to listen to thestory of the water Today it sang "Follow me.... follow mefollow me far away there is a firwood and a round stone and a castle beyond the light of day some one is waiting and will- ing and wishing and dreaming and dancing come quickly comequickly come softly come away "And that one set off to the margin of the town where the streamcame in. .... and there he heard again " Follow me follow me.... follow me " And on he ran .... past the willows and the sleepingfields and the thoughtful roads and the listening plumtrees and the bridgesthat no one knew until he came to the firwood and through thelirwood he ran until he came to a flat round stone that was still warm from thesun though dusk walked the wood and there he saw two eyes like candle-panes and he heard a whispering voice like a little silver bellupon a censer in a still church a voice that was sad and merry and merry and sad and tender and merry and sad again And the stream whispered softly out of slumber " Here he is hereshe is here he is I found him I told him I broughthim I love you I" but the stream had run far and wasasleep for the princess had grown tired of waiting in the tower andhad come down to the stream to whisper and to wait for she knew thatthe stream was wise and truthful and trustworthy and under- stood And as she whispered he whom the stream had broughtlistened and he knew but you know, yourself. ... if you can dreamof life MAPLE-SUGAR SONG. Lew Sarett. When the first warm days and frosty nights of the spring-thaws usher in the seasonof maple-sugaring, the Otter-tail Indians pitch camp in their favorite sugar-bush. Be- fore the real work of sugar-making is begun, however, the Indians go through a ceremony.They gather a few buckets of the first rim of the sap and boil the first kettle of sap, downto sugar. At night a feast is spread in honor of Way-nah-bo-zhoo, a mythologicalguardian spirit of the Chippewas. At the feast one place is left vacant for Way-nah-bo-zhoowho is expected to attend the ceremony in spirit, to eat the first sugar which has beenprepared solely for him, and to bless the Indians in the sugar-season." Maple-Sugar Song " is an interpretation — in no sense a translation or transcrip- tion, for no specific words are uttered — of the spirit and the emotional content of thechants sung in this ceremony. I. Ho-yo-ho-ho ! Ho-yo-ho-ho ! . . . yo-ho ! . . .Way-nah-bo-zhoo, big spirit of our brother,Come thou and bless us, for the maple flows,And the Moon-of Sugar-Making is upon us.The nights are white with frost; the days are yellowWith sunshine, and now the sap of the maple-tree,Humming the sugar-song, goes up the stemWith dancing feet. The gabbling geese come tumblingOut of the wind and into the wet mush-kaigIn clattering families ; among the reedsThe fat old women-geese go chatteringOf winter-lands; and gathered on the shore,Shouting with hearts glad to be home again,The old men strut in council, and flutter and snort.Ah-chee-dah-mo, the spluttering tail-up squirrel,Pokes his blue whiskers from his hole in the oak,And scurries up and down the swaying branches,— He runs in six directions, all over the earth,Hurrying, looking everywhere for somebody,Something he cannot find, — nor does he knowWhy the green wet days should be so bitterly sweet.Ho ! The yellow birch throbs, for she knows the pain of life,Of swelling limbs and bursting buds ; she standsWith naked arms stretched out to the warm gray rains,With hungry arms that tremble for her lover,For See-gwun, the Maker-of-Little-Children, who comesWith soft blue feet that rustle the fallen leaves ! —Hear thou the maple-water dripping, dripping,The cool sweet-water dripping upon the birchbark ! —Ho ! the Moon-of-Sugar-Making is upon us !Ho-yo-ho-ho ! H6-yo-ho-ho ! . . . yo-ho ! . . .Hear thou our prayers, o Brother, Way-nah-bo-zhoo ! —Hear, thou who made the flat green earth for usTo dance upon, who folds us in his handsTenderly as a woman holds a broken birdIn winter, thou our Brother who hung the sunUpon the sky to give us warmth and life,And the wet moon to make us cool and clean ;Hear, thou who made the hills and the timber-beastsThat roam among them, who made the sliding riversAnd silver fish that shiver in the pools, —That there might be wild meat for empty bellies ;Hear, thou who made cold rapids in the canyons,Wild waterfalls, and springs in the cool green hollows, —That there might be sweet-water for parching tongues ;Hear, thou who gave us thy mother, All-Mother Earth,That she might feed her children from her bosom—-Ah-yee ! Way-nah-bo-zhoo, come thou on this nightWith blessings as the maple-water flows ;Make thou a song to our heavy-breasted mother, And pray thou that her children may not hunger,—For now is the night for maple-sugar feasting.Ho-yo-ho-ho ! H6-yo-h6-ho ! . . . yo-ho ! . . .From the long cold of winter-moons, our eyesAre deep, our hands like the bundled veins and talonsOf buzzard birds. Before the winter-windsThe moose have run to other lands for feeding ;The rabbits have vanished as the snow, — a plagueLeft a strange red sickness in their withered mouths.Even old Gahg, the clumsy porcupine,No longer finds his way to our roasting-pots, —We boil his yellow bone-ribs many times —-Ugh ! Our teeth grow soft without strong meat to eat.Ho ! Way-nah-bo-zhoo, hear thou our many tearsDropping among the dead leaves of winter ;Pray thou, and ask our grandmother, Waking-Earth,To take us in her arms, to make us warmWith food, to hold us safe upon her bosom.Our mouths go searching for her mighty breasts,Where the maple-milk comes flowing from the trees, —Ah-yee! Brother, pray thou now the Mother-OneTo give us freely of her sugar-sap,The good sweet-water of her bursting breasts—For the Moon-of-Sugar-Making is upon us !Ho-yo-ho-ho ! Ho-yo-ho-ho ! . . . yo-ho !Ho ! II. And if the sap flows thin with water, our heartsWill hold no bitterness ; for we shall knowThat long ago in thy wisdom thou decreedThat out mother's milk might never be too thick,Fearing that we should gather plenty sugar With little labor and soon grow sick with foodAnd slow to move our legs, like glutted bear—Ho ! We are a faithful children of the soil;We toil with eager hearts and patient hands.And if our birchen baskets crack and leakThe gathered sap, our tongues will speak no evil, —We know that thou, our Brother, in thy loveFor those of the Otter-tail totem, whipped the growingBirch tree until the bark was cracked and cutWith round black stripes, — that our birchen pails might leakThe silver sap, that thus all Indian children,Laboring long with many steps, might neverGrow soft and fat with idling in the bush.Ho ! We are a faithful children of the soil;We toil with eager hearts and patient backs.Hi! Way-nah-bo-zhoo ! Hear thou, o mighty one,Who folds us in his tender hands as a womanHolding a broken bird in the winter-wind,Come thou and bless us on this night of feasting;Pray thou our mother to take us in her arms,To hold us warm upon her great brown bosom,To give us freely of her maple-water,The good sweet-water of her swelling breasts.And if we labor long, our lips will speakNo bitterness, for our arms are strong for hauling,Eager for many buckets of sweet sap,For syrup dancing its bubbles up and downIn the kettles, to the bubble-dancing song.Ho ! For we are a faithful children of the soil;We toil with trusting hearts and patient fingers, —And now is the Moon-of-Maple-Sugar-Making !Ho-yo-ho-ho ! Ho-yo-ho-ho ! . . . yo-ho ! . . . Ho! BAMBINO'S BEGINNING. Haniel Long. I. Fabrizia was the love of Agostino. For some months he had felt that lifeto him was contact with the unique chemical of her personality." Continue to be a chemical for me! "he exclaimed to her one day. " Everyword you say does inexplicable things ; I have consulted the biologists, the phy- sico-chemists, the biometrists, the psychologists, even the hydrographers — whostudy tides — and the physicists, but they have no light to offer, and agree inone thing only, envy ! "Fabrizia disliked being called a chemical, but she replied, " Your wordswarm my blood to a degree beyond that permitted by science as sane, or byreligion as holy. " 2. Said Agostino, who was a student of eugenics, " I am sure that a Bambinosprung from our mingling in the open beauty of earth and sky would grow upmore stalwart, more beguiling, more ornate, than one conceived in a city cham- ber, a chamber in a honeycomb of similar chambers along the narrow dustystreets of cities/'" So long as God makes me mother of a child, when and where the seed besown matters little, " returned Fabrizia. "It is within me, between bone andbone, that he will grow stalwart, beguiling, ornate, if so you desire him to be,and come to the hour of his birth" We have no statistics on this vital subject, " said Agostino, " but I amsure that the fairest and noblest of the race had fair and noble places for theirbeginning. The heavens were plumed with thunder at the moment Herculeswas conceived ; and she whose beauty was woven from the crimson fleece ofclouds, the snowy foam of waves, what lone peninsula was that upon whichher sire seized her mother ? It is improbable that shoulders which supported a world, or eyes which ruled it, could owe anything to the oppressive chambersof a metropolis. "" God is everywhere, " persisted Fabrizia, wondering why He had sent herheart a youth so foolish as Agostino. " Shall lovers with only a straw mattressin a bye-street be defrauded of their right to bring forth inventors and martyrs ?Nay, I dare say many a man and maid have gone naked up into high mountains, .and gazed down upon the world, and their offspring was a profiteer or a publi- can. Not what is without, but what is within, sets spark to the new life, whoseburning shall be seen across centuries. "" You are not versed in the new romances, " said Agostino, with a sadness. 3. No one suspected, as Agostino and his love alighted from the diligence ata lonely turn in the coast road, that they were bent upon a mighty errand. Fa- brizia still could not understand why Agostino had brought her so far upon sosimple a mission. Nature was all very well; but the urban haunts of man werenot destitute of poetry. Yet she was always ready for Agostino's embraces,and she stifled her vexation. If he preferred the open, what harm was therein that ?The sun was blistering, and Fabrizia rejoiced that she had worn her picturehat, a Viennese confection too unusual even for city afternoons. Her shepherdstaff with the orange ribbon was of great service too, so uneven a surfacedid the floor of earth present to her exquisite high-heeled slippers. The loversreached the summit of a bluff, and by a precarious path descended to a beachwhere white sand went in and out of walls of boulders." The ruins of forgotten rites, " observed Fabrizia, pausing with interestand yet with apprenhension. " Shall we be happy among them in this crushingpresence of sea and sky ? "" These walls are votive tablets, " explained Agostino, " where, in loyaltyto a fabled goddess of the sea, men and maids have wreathed together their in- itials. " And he pointed to a transfixed heart cut in the granite, with a date twocenturies old." Their flowers have faded, " sighed the lady, " and still th e tides go in andout of the sunny caves they lay in. Soon we too must be gone, and other loverswill come and plait their garlands here. O, lam filled with a homesickness. "Who, lackning human affection, give themselves over unto despair ; who,deprived of solicitude, see themselves eaten of time and change, to these by pre- ference was the ministry of Fabrizia. Moving therefore among the votive walls,she gave some kisses; and some, garlands of kelp; and some she caressed, letting her fingers follow the course of the chisel, mindful of the sanctity of the occa- sions they commemorated, and of the great respect due to such tokens of ourdesire : that those hieroglyphs henceforth need not consider themselves ne- glected, and left unwept to the inhuman cunning of waves." We shall be gone from here, " agreed Agostino, " but centuries of beingtogether await us. Fabrizia, mark the blue horizon. "" It is not blue, " said Fabrizia, " it is a thin luminous green. "" No, it is blue, " insisted Agostino. " Fabrizia, mark the horizon ; forgetthe populous towns behind us, where the minds of lovers are haunted by theirfellow-men, and not by the vastness of the Mother. Give me endless things thatmelt one into another ; give me elements unstable, so lacking in line and massthat they remove reality. Even to the vertigo of them, I love them. "" The sea is lovely, " admitted Fabrizia, " but cities are more lovely. "She lifted her arms in the broad sunshine, and her resentment at Agostino faded.Here in the open his idiocy did not matter so much. "The sea calls to me, " shecried, " the white arms of the surf beckon me.Agostino was aware of two gray gulls by the shore, which at a single instantwheeled off over the deep. It was an omen.They went down together to the blue ; and the waves approached them,crested and lustrous. But the waves seemed to Fabrizia like promising youngbusiness men and other naturalists, who one after another filed petitions inspiritual bankruptcy. She kept the morbid impression to herself. 4. The bronzed Agostino lay on the sands, his elbows dug into the warmthof them, his chin in his palms, and gazed up and down the surf for Fabrizia.At last she emerged, coming ashore upright in the spray of a gray-greenroller. Her eyes were half-closed against the sun, and a sea-vine, was tangledin her hair. He thought of Correggio, the bright eyes of whose angelic ladiestestify to a virginity of spirit rather than of body." And you, the beautiful, do not appreciate Nature and her works, " saidAgostino, reproachfully." How can my devotion to her fail, when she has borne you, when she hasborne me ? " inquired Fabrizia, still ivory where going and coming watersglistened about her ankles, and filled the partings of her toes with sand.Weary, and needing repose, they found a seaward gazing cave. But alas, asthey were spreading velvets and silks on its crystal floor, they were interruptedby the apparition of an elderly naturalist. Unaware of the sacred proxim- ity of two who had come hither at high noon as priests move toward the mass, lie knelt on the sand not five yards away from them, and examined crnstaceathrough a microscope."It is the eminent Professor Settimio, " whispered Agostino. " He hasdevoted his life to insects, centipedes, spiders and crustaceans. "" You amaze me, " said Fabrizia. " God forbid that he turn his eyeupon us. "But the aged savant struggled to his feet, and without a glance in theirdirection, ambled on along the beach. Passing as mysteriously as he hadappeared, the lovers were never to know whether [the remains of shrimp,lobster or crab had occupied his gaze, or whether it was not a question ofmalacostraca at all, but rather of infinitesimal fish-lice, and of barnacles." It was this Settimio, " continued Agostino, " who first made me feelhow very zoological, nay how botanical we are ; being veritable gardens fromone point of view, and of the substance of leaves, of fruits and flowers, of plumedwings and restless tentacles. "" Fabrizia dear, I gaze at you ; and then, as in dreams, I sink past tier andtier of strange foliage down to my most ecstatic depths, to an inebriate region „life's sub-cellar, as it were, and lie among the vats ! "" Modernism, " reflected Fabrizia, wiping a tear from her eye at this ex- traordinary account of love's ecstasy, " Modernism, that elaborate retreatfrom all that is staple and true, is conducted by minds such as this Settimio's. "At the thought she marvelled. Her Roman depths stirred by the insuf- ferable lunacy of the romantic Agostino, which had subjected her to so painfulan encounter, no less than by terror of the stranger's curious life, wherein cen- tipedes had been glorified and prawns embraced, she deliberately folded herring-finger against the soft stone of the cave-wall, and scratched upon it asacrificial cross. 6 EINSTEIN AND THE POETS. Anthologies, like the poor, we have always with us. And with practicallyno exceptions, these heterogeneous collections of orthodox and hetero-geniu- ses, run true to their lifeless form. It has remained for the youngest of Ameri- can anthologists to achieve a radical departure from the collector's norm. "Ifone leaves it to a lot of scattered poets one will have nothing more than a lotof scattered verse, " writes Mr. Untermeyer. " Mere editorship, no matter howselective, is not enough. " How then does the author of " The New Adam "expect to accomplish his ends ? Succinctly, by writing the entire anthologyhimself. And the binding subject, the leitmotif ? Nothing more or less than theEinstein Theory of Relativity ! The following excerpts are what Mr. Unter- meyer believes might result if certain outstanding American minnesingers wereforced to record their reactions concerning the Weight of Light, Deflection ofSolar Rays, Non-Euclidean Warps in Space, Anti-Newtonian Substitutes forGravitation and Time as a Fourth Dimension. The compiler, it may be wellto add, has engaged counsel to defend him in all libel suits that may result. RELATIVITIES.by EDW-N ARLIN-TON ROBINS-N. What wisdom have we that by wisdom allSources of knowledge which the years suggest,Hidden in rubric, stone or palimpsest,Will turn and answer us because we call.About us planets rise and systems fallWhere, lost to all but matter, Newtons rest;And who are we to label worst and bestWhile all of force is gravitational ?Held by a four-dimensional concern,He gropes among the atoms to beseechA swifter sublimation that may reachA little further than the funeral urn.And we, who always said that we could teach,Have nothing much to say and more to learn. CANZONEby EZR- PO-ND. Early Itatian. AlVacquisto di gloria e di jama... Come, my songs, distorted, spoken-against,Come, let us pity those who have one-dimensional minds,Let us pity those who move smuglyin two or even three dimensions,Bound to a relative mortmain.Ma si morisse !Take thought of the dull, the hopelessly-enmeshed ;The young enslaved by the old,The old embittered by the young.Go, with a clashing of many echoes and accents,Go to Helicon — on the Hudson.Perform your naked rites, your cephalic dances ;Shout your intolerant cat-calls from the bus-tops,(We have kindred in common, Walt Whitman)Parade your tag-ends and insolences,Cry them on State Street:Ch'e be'a ... *Take no thought of being presentable.Lest they say you grow shabby,I shall find fresh raiment for youout of time and spaciousness ;A shirt out of Provence, green slippers from Cathay,Assorted mantles, slightly worse for wear, from Montparnasse,And fillets, somewhat dusty, out of Ithaca.Who shall say you have becomeA slave to your techniquelike Chloris, who would flirtEven with her own shadow ?Who proclaims this ?B a-a-a-a-a-amen.* bella. ADVICE TO THE FOURTH DIMENSIONby MAXW-LL BOD-NHEM Region of shiftless equilibrium,The curtly undulating worldsWeave insolently in your heart,Like icily forgotten tunes of atoms.Time, with a slanting hunger, gropesAnd, in a virginal precision, takes your hand.Circles, no longer arrogantly round,But like a battered primrose dripping flame,Are warps in nature.No line is straightBut lifts long, passionless rhythms till it meetsIts parallel in drab exuberance.Region of shiftless equilibrium,Be not confused by tricks of time and space.Only you can twist an acrid meaning out of wordsOr into them. ROUNDby ALFR-D KR-YMBORG. Worlds, you must tell me —What ?What is the answer to it all ?Matter.Matter, answer me —What ?What are the secrets of your strength ?Molecules.Molecules, be honest —What ?What may be groping at your roots ?Atoms. Atoms, I ask you —What ?What have you hidden in your hearts ?Electrons.Electrons, I charge you —What ?What are you building in your wombs ?Worlds.Worlds, you must tell me ... . THE SPELL OF THE ELECTRONby ROB-RT SERV-CE Now this is the spell the philosophers tellWhen you're puzzled at all their revisions :The laws that we knew are not alway true,We must change them to suit the conditions.Though you roar as you eat only red-blooded meatAnd thrill with each virile sensation,No atom or ape, no figure or shapeBy God ! can escape gravitation.For this is the lesson of Einstein :Answer Death's grin with a scoff.Glaring and tearing at all you resent,Fight though the light is battered and bent —Fight till the flesh drops off !You may clench your fists at the scientists,At calculus, cubes or quadratics ;You may curse and thrash since the old laws clashWith relativist kinematics ;You may goad your sides till the blood-red tidesRun off and the dry bones clatter —At the end of the grind with a reeling mindBy God ! you will find only matter ! For this is the lesson of Einstein :Drink at no coward's trough.Sneering and jeering will bring no delight;You're here to make everything cheerful and bright.And for carfare and comfort and sweetness and light,■Fight till the flesh drops off ! THE SAGGING BOUGHby ROB-RT FR-ST There, where it was, we never noticed how,Flirting its tail among the smoothed-off rocksThe brook would spray the old, worm-eaten bough,That squeaked and scratched like puppies in a box.Whether the black, half-rotted branch leaned down,Or seemed to lean, for love, or wearinessOf life too long lived out, or hoped to drownIts litter of last year's leaves, we could not guess.Perhaps the bough relaxed as though it meantTo give itself this one depravity.Or, being near the grave itself, it bentBecause of nothing more than gravity. AMERICA INVADES EUROPE. Emmy Veronica Sanders. It is by no means here intended to deride or disparage the splendid workthat, in only one decade, has been done and is now being done by Americans ofthe younger and youngest generation. Nor to deny the profit — for bothcontinents — that will result from a closer, more regular and organized cul- tural contact between the two. And, as far as America is concerned ; it istime that intelligent and cultivated Europeans should become aware of thefact — which the great majority of them are not — that " darkest Americathe materialistic monster from which they are wont to turn with horror or,at best, utter scepticism, is actually being attacked — and attacked from wi- thin — persistently, valiantly, successfully. It is time that they should knowabout the genuine fundamental changes wrought since the years when KnutHamsun wrote his bitter sarcasms and commentaries regarding the land " overwhich the sky is black — indeedBut there are two facts at which the European observer of things Ameri- can may feel inclined to look with some misgiving. The first is, a on the part of the extreme left wing of literary America — as represented e.g.by the Little Review and Contact — to understand by " Europe " simply" France " — and by Prance mostly or merely a group of young Parisians manyof whose innovations of literary capering are possibly less signs of new life thanthe death spasms of a movement in which the last word was practically saidby Mallarme — right at the start. And in addition to this tendency the be- lief that America's artistic and cultural salvation is mainly to be sought in fol- lowing this France and fragment of France as closely as possible. The secondfact is the manifestation of the American Machine — transforming itself, withall its attributes and characteristics, into American Mind ; or the mistakingof analytical acumen for creative mind.This intellectual leaning of young America toward France or whatever re- sembles France elsewhere, is, in a way, natural enough. The arid lucidity,the precision, the knife-like flashing, the dainty skill and eternal badinage of the French mind must needs prove a strong attraction for the trans-Atlantictype whose own strength (and weakness) lies along city-bred, machine- made, sophisticated, electric lines. The lordly sensual acidity of a Gourmont(that combination of savant, satyr, aesthete — not fused by soul into a higherunity) ; the daring and brilliance of the precocious gamin — from Rimbaudto Tzara ; the purely cerebral temperament; these things are naturally andunconditionally accepted as sole counsels of perfection by the ambitious repre- sentatives of a race in whom the emotion-abhorring depth-fearing Puritanis followed by the equally emotion-abhorring depth-fearing machine man. Butone doubts if this combination — of French art theories and American mecha- nics — will be able to produce something that is alive, not only on its intellec- tual surfaces, but in the totality of cultural human value.After brilliant analytic Poe, after a knife-brandishing Whistler ; after ma- thematical James with his dainty psychological chess problems ; after Pound(Pound the Blaster, not Pound the Artist) — now, armed with magazines, comeothers among whom it is pointed out that such work as that of Marianne Moorein basical for American development !As concerns France :Europe can afford France. Can afford to encourage, spoil, indulge —at times even worship — that eternally young wizard among the rest of herbrood. Among the rest —if you please ! Europe can afford it — because Eu- rope is and always has been infinitely more than France ; because Europe isthe magnificent sum total of a variety of cultures, of art forms, of life forms,of which France is only one.Europe can also afford to admit a goodly dose of city sophistication andengineering acumen into her cultural life — because this cultural life existed,is rooted in, twenty-five hundred years of development before the Machine andbejore Metropolitanism were born. And the contribution of a Rimbaud andall his descendants is only one wave in an ocean that — to dive haphazardly— contains the waves of Greece and Rome, of a seventeenth century Spain,France, Holland, of Chaucer's age or the Renaissance ; of nineteenth centuryRussia or the Scandinavian North, the Germany of Goethe and Heine, theElizabethan age or that of Keats. Wave upon wave — with luminous crestupon crest. And under these the depth of a folk life, as yet not torn awayfrom the spontaneously emotional, the naturally mystic, the intuitively aes- thetic.Such an ocean can quietly admit the sailing of many little boats in searchof new treasure. It can not be hidden by or lose itself under them.But America — made of the Puritan, by the Puritan, for the Puritan, re- made of the Machine, by the Machine, for the Machine — is only passing through what is practically her first decade of a generation that deliberately,consciously, by means of concerted action and creation strikes out uponpaths of cultural life. And America can, therefore, not afford to attemptthe turning of this new life into one narrow channel. The assumption on thepart of some one or another small group of literary workers, for whom Parisis the center of the globe, to possess the one and only and nothing but the truthin aesthetic and intellectual values and appreciations — wrong under allskies — is disastrously wrong in a continent that is only just beginning to takesome culturally recognizable shape !New intellectual perceptions are more quickly acquired and intellectualchanges more quickly made than emotional ones ; the emotional part of thehuman organism being the infinitely more conservative part. Acceptanceand proclamation of " finds " in the form of theories or organized move- ments are, therefore, not necessarily indicative of a genuine change in asethe- tic and life reaction — the change that touches the essence, the bottom andthe totality of things. Emotion and intellect are, of course, not separate andopposed entities ; each being dependent on and determined and energised bythe other — and both being, perhaps, only different forms of the same activ- ity, i.e., if the " intellect " in question is of the creative, imaginative type,mind rather than intellect in the narrower sense of the word (the thing by meansof which you add up sums, attend to the practical business of life and makeneat dissections of bodies, souls and theorems).But much of the intellect of which one is granted flashes among youngAmerica's latest self-appointed elite affects one sometimes as intellect of thelatter type; the panting, tonguelolling, movie-movie, electrically lightedbraininess ; true offspring of its parent, the Machine. As such interesting,ingenious, valuable in its way — but limited. Versatile, not universal. Andlacking soul stuff, fire ; some of the things that make mature, rich, finished in- dividualities — not only brilliant writers and complex poets — in the drearywaste of bread and butter cleverness and information intellect.Says Miss Moore :" Complexity is not a crime, but carry it to the point of murkiness andnothing is plain. A complexity moreover, that has been committed to darkness,instead of granting itself the pestilence that it is, moves all about as if to be- wilder with the dismal fallacy that insistence is the measure of achievement andthat all truth must be dark. Principally throat, sophistication is as it alwayshas been — at the antipodes from the initial great truths. "Exactly !That is why, granting that Miss Moore's work is honest and interesting&gt;one does by no means consider American brains of which hers are a spe- cimen (and they are very good brains !) as the kind that are highly andsolely promising of America's creative approach to those " great initialtruthsIf an ingeniously constructed, intricate little piece of machinery, a daintylittle thing with cogs and wheels and flashes of iron and steel, should suddenlybe given a human voice to pour its " soul " into song — to trasmute itselfinto a " poem —it would stand revealed as a bit of writing by Miss Moore.An interesting phenomenon — having gaped at which one would turn to one oranother of the great elemental things in that deep turbulent ocean of Europe'stwenty-five centuries — where there is dimness — where there are half tones— those half tones so desperately lacking in the American mental as wellas physical atmosphere—where there are storms and even fogs. Relentlessglistening scalpels are good for all diseased and dead and dying things, nodoubt. But there is fog — fog of a certain kind — that makes things " comealive " . . .It is to be hoped that Europe's contact with modern America of the lastdecade will not be limited to contact with extremist tendencies only ; withthe most sophisticated and outre modes of self expression. Especially sinceEurope can get all it needs and wants in this direction from France, directly,and much better. Besides, in Europe these things represent the extreme tipof growths, the roots and trunks and heavier branches of which are in its ownsoil. In America such tips produce the effect of hanging in the air. Thereis no such hanging in the air with American minds of the type, say, of RandolphBourne, Sherwood Anderson, Carl Sandburg, or the writer of a book like " OurAmerica ". From these the modern European world will get a better under- standing of the new America's contact with herself, of her self analyses, selfcriticism, self transformation, than from all the ultra modern followers of Francecombined. Yet none of the four mentioned are of the " clever " type. Theyhave " minds " that, without blague or badinage, without flashy brilliance,quietly touch the bottom of things ; not ingeniously bizarre, but truly selfrevealing.Types of mind like these are not apt to cherish, in good Yankee fashion,an ambition to corner the market in modern truths, aesthetic and otherwise.Nor is art to them, as it seems to be to certain others, a department storein New York City where nothing may be kept in stock except the latest, theabsolutely up-to-the-minute " styles " (discontinued lines sold at considerablereductions or relegated to the provinces).What Europe looks forward to on the part of America is a broadening,not a narrowing ;an inclusiveness, not an exclusiveness; a fertilizing, not asterilizing of the aesthetic field, of art emotion and cultural perception. Perhaps Broom, faithful to the motto that " there are always otherswill sweep into the circle of its vision aspects of Europe wider than those ofParisian boulevards ; and into the vision of Europe aspects of modern Americawider than those of one or two small coteries. Even if —in doing so —it shouldrun the terrible risk of being branded with that non-plus-ultra of modern stig- mas : the adjective " Georgian BROOMIDES. Instead of the customary editorial pronouncements, seemingly indispens- able appendages to each and every periodical, world without end, Broom offers,in this issue at least, a column devoted to those of its contributors who havesome announcement of their own to present. Perhaps when Broom is a littleolder, and begins to take itself with the solemnity approved by age, achieve- ment and the like, it will find a voice of its own and give gentle vent to that.But for the present, Broom prefers to act as the disc, if you will, for the variedimpressions to be expressed by the personalities who pass across it. Broom iseven tempted to inform the reader, if he does not already know, who each per- sonality is, and what his record, but in view of the axiom that you can neversay quite the right thing about another human (be he Italian, American, Irish,English, Chinese, Indian, Australian, Hebraic, Spanish, French, Dutch, German orRussian — the nationalities in the present issue), Broom will have to sidestepthis temptation, as well. In any event, Broom is less interested in what a manhas done than in what he is attempting. INTERNATIONAL COMPOSERS GUILD, Inc. Edgar Varèse. The composer is the only one of the creators of today who is denied directcontact with the public. When his work is done he is thrust aside, and theinterpreter enters, not to try to understand the composition but impertinentlyto judge it. Not finding in it any trace of the conventions to which he is ac- customed, he banishes it from his programs, denouncing it as incoherent andunintelligible.In every other field, the creator comes into some form of direct contactwith his public. The poet and novelist enjoy the medium of the printed page ;the painter and sculptor the open doors of a gallery; the dramatist the free scopeof a stage. The composer must depend upon an intermediary, the interpreter.It is true that in response to public demand, our official organizations oc- casionally place on their programs a new work surrounded by established names. But such a work is carefully chosen from the most timid and anaemic ofcontemporary production, leaving absolutely unheard the composers whorepresent the true spirit of our time.Dying is the privilege of the weary. The present day composers refuse todie. They have realized the necessity of banding together and fighting for theright of each individual to secure a fair and free presentation of his work. It isout of such a collective will that the International Composers' Guild was born.The aim of the International Composers' Guild is to centralize the worksof the day, to group them in programs intelligently and organically construct- ed, and, with the disinterested help of singers and instrumentalists, to present• • •these works in such a way as to reveal their fundamental spirit.The International Composers' Guild refuses to admit any limitation, eitherof volition or of action.The International Composers' Guild disapproves of all " isms " ; deniesthe existence of schools ; recognizes only the individual. NOTES: TO THE TRANSLATOR. Wallace Gould In translating my poems, there are a few points to be observed. To ignorethem, or any one of them, is entirely to deny me a respectful presentation. Mydogma, for such it is, applies, in my own mind, to no one besides me, but tome it is sacred, and to one who intends to introduce me, it should be inviolable.1. — No verse shall consist of only one word of one syllable only. Ido not respect theoretical rythm.2. — Each verse must terminate decisively, and without unnecessarydeflection. None may terminate with an article. None with a conjunction,an adverb, or a preposition, unless that part of speech is for a legitimate rea- son punctuated. Thus with a pronoun, unless it concludes a phrase. Eachverse must stand alone.3- — Be careful of the use of interjections. I am not enthusiastic,and do not wish to appear thus.4. — My verse-forms are three only ; the English heroic, or iambic pen- tameter, the sonnet, English or Italian, and free verse after my own concep- tion. I have settled on these as permanent with me, because they are, so faras I am able to find out, easily translatable into the major languages. I de- test the thought of an universal language, but I have, for reasons other than that given, circumscribed myself. I trust that you will endeavor to use myforms in their respective places. Should you think it difficult to do so, try tocomprehend the extent of my discipline. The measure of your success will becommensurate to mine. You will fail only where I fail.5. — As to the free verse, please use my longflowing, commonplacelines, unless I, myself, use staccato passages. Every verse is used for certaineffect, which I intend always to make obvious. True subtlety is not found informs, but behind them. As to number of lines, or their positions, please imi- tate. I have purposely made imitation easy. I have designs on posterity,but do not breathe it.I shall welcome correspondence, personal as well as literary. THE NEW BROOM. David O'Neil. When you are sweeping usWith your cosmic broomSweeping us out of mouldy rutsSweeping us clean and sweet-RememberWhen we're quivering—Sensitive— bare—We shall be gratefulFor just a few shadows. . . MANIFESTO I. BROOM IS SELECTING FROM THE CONTINENTAL LITERATURE OF THE PRESENTTIME THE WRITINGS OF EXCEPTIONAL QUALITY MOST ADAPTABLE FOR TRANSLATIONinto English.These will appear side by side with the contemporaneous effort inGreat Britain and America.The painters and sculptors will be represented by the best availablereproductions of their work.Throughout, the unknown, path-breaking artist will have, when hisMATERIAL MERITS IT, AT LEAST AN EQUAL CHANCE WITH THE ARTIST OF ACKNOW- LEDGED REPUTATION.IN BRIEF, BROOM IS A SORT OF CLEARING HOUSE WHERE THE ARTISTS OF THEPRESENT TIME WILL BE BROUGHT INTO CLOSER CONTACT.The permanence of this project is assured absolutely if supportedBY THE SUBSCRIPTIONS OF THOSE SYMPATHETIC TO IT.Because of the distance from the source of supply, it is impossible*TO FILL THE RENEWAL ORDERS OF BOOKSHOPS AND TO CALCULATE THE QUANTITYREQUIRED FROM AMERICA.Your subscription (five dollars a year) mailed at the earliest possibleMOMENT, SOLVES THIS PROBLEM FOR EVERYBODY CONCERNED.AMERICAN subscriptions should be mailed to the NEW YORK OFFICE,THREE EAST NINTH STREET; EUROPEAN subscriptions to the mainoffice, 18, TRINITA DEI MONTI, ROME (6), ITAEY.And do not forget to send us the names and addresses of yourFRIENDS. «What of it, if some oed hunksOF A SEA-CAPTAIN ORDERS ME TO GET ABROOM AND SWEEP DOWN THE DECKS ?What does that indignity amount to,WEIGHED, I MEAN, IN THE SCALES OF THENew Testament ? Do you think theARCHANGEI, GABRIEL THINKS ANYTHINGTHE LESS OF ME, BECAUSE I PROMPTLY ANDRESPECTFULLY OBEY THAT OI,D HUNKS INTHAT PARTICULAR INSTANCE ? WHO A TNTA SLAVE ? »MOBY DICK.