The mask 8 12 April 1919 naau_1919-04_01 The mask 8 12 THE AMPHITHEATRE OF POLA. 1 Untitled Image Illustration 1 NELSON. 3-5 Untitled Image Illustration 3 We hope before long both to enlarge " The Mask " 5 OURSELVES. APOLOGY. N. or M cre 3-4 Untitled Image Illustration 3 Untitled Image Illustration 4 PRINTERS WAGES. 5 The only thing which would 5 Untitled Image Illustration 5 NOTICE. 5 ON LIE AND LIARS THEFT AND THIEVES Beatrice cre 6-7 Untitled Image Illustration 6 SKETCH FOR SMALL PLAY FOR MARIONNETTES 7 Untitled Image Illustration 7 Untitled Image Illustration 7 BOOK REVIEWS. 8-11 EAST AND WEST. 8-11 THE MIRROR OF GESTURE; 8 Mr. GEORGE JEAN NATHAN 8 FIVE PLAYS from Mr. Egmont Arens, Washington Square Book Shop, New York City. U. S. A. C.D.E.F.G.H. I cre 9 TARR by Wyndham Lewis. Knopf. 9 THE EURHYTHMIES OF 9-10 AN IRISH ANTHOLOGY. 10 SHAKESPEARE CRITICISM: A 10 THE PRINT-COLLECTORS' 10 BUZZ, BUZZ, by Captain James 11 THE POPULAR THEATRE 11 Untitled Image Illustration 11 EVEN IN MOMENTS OF THE 11 THE KIND OF THEATRE YOU SHOULD BUILD IF YOU WANT THE PEOPLE TO BE UNABLE TO KEEP AWAY FROM IT . TAKE GRANDEUR AS YOUR MEASURE. Illustration 12 THUS ENDS THE MASK FOR 1918 Illustration 12 THE MASKA MONTHLY LEAFLET OFTHE ART OF THE THEATREPRICE THREE PENCE VOLUME EIGHT: NUMBER TWELVEADDRESS: BOX 444. FLORENCE All rights reserved April 1919.Gerente responsabile : Gitilio Vanzi.Tipografia Giuntina. Firenze. THE AMPHITHEATRE OF POLA. JTALY, with the restitution of the EasternI shores of the Adriatic, won back by thoseheroic troops who have so worthily revivedthe great traditions of the Roman legions, canagain number as her own yet another ancienttheatre, .... and that one of the loveliest....the great Amphitheatre of Pola.This Amphitheatre, smaller than that ofRome, yet holds a dignified position in thehierarchy of amphitheatres,... (Aries, Nimes,Verona, El-Djem in Tunis, and the rest) ; notmerely for its size, but for its fine state ofpreservation.M. de Nolhac, (I) writing in 1882, says:" non qu'il les depasse en etendue. Les mesures" de son elipse ne s'eloignent guere des di- " mensions relevees dans ces differents monu- " ments. II leur est superieur surtout par le" merveilleux etat de conservation de son" enceinte. Vu du dehors, cela parait complet".As for the date of its foundation, saysStancovich (2); " Our amphitheatre must be" referred back to the sixth century of Rome;" that is a century and more previous to the" empire of Augustus, or 1900 years before" the present day " (i. e. 1822).We believe we can now trust to the Italian nation, so jealous and so proud of itsgreat heritage, worthily to preserve thissplendid monument of larger days gone by,so as to be some guide for those who lookfor the great days of the Future.SO much for what we believe.Now for what we fear.We fear now that Culture, or the edu- cation of the masses is to be encouraged,(and we had fondly dreamed we were atwar to put that down), we may expect anyday to see the Cinematograph installed inthe Amphitheatre at Pola.Why ?... Because to prevent a foe fromentering the capital you must not wait for himto come up to the walls and knock and ringthe bell : you must keep him the other sideof the Frontiers :... and to do that you mustshow courage and use all your resources.The Cinema is the worst enemy mankindlever had, and if it is allowed to devastateour minds, to flood with its vulgarities (andit boasts every vulgarity), the taste, feeling,good sense of the Peoples of the Earth, itwill do such great harm to all things as nowar would ever be able to correct.Take care Take care!Vulgarity poured out through the Cinemais destined to damn mankind if you do nottake care and steps,... steps to prevent it now. (1) STANISLAS DE NOLHAC. La Dalmatie, Les lies lohien- nes, Athenes et le Mont Athos. (E. Plon &amp; Cie. Paris, 1882).(2) STANCOVICH, DelVAnfiteatro di Pola. Venezia, 1822. NELSON. 11 r I "here are three things, young gen-I tleman n, said Nelson to one ofhis midshipmen, 4 6 which you are con- stantly to bear in mind." First, you must always implicitlyobey orders, without attempting to" form any opinion of your own re- " specting their propriety.11 Secondly, you must consider everyman your enemy who speaks ill of!! your king.... and thirdly...."....but this is about Frenchmen and in-apropos. SJNOW these two things have to be learnt by us inthe Theatre.Anyhow in the Theatre, even if nowhere else.It's not the first time we have said so.When we cried " Long live the King! " even calmand kindly Englishmen (one in particular, I remember),muttered " Sycophants " So bustle about, youwho feel like that, and get it out of you.When we insisted on the paramount importance ofobedience, and " without attempting to form any opi- nion of your own " as to whether the orders you getare just or no we were met by squeals from a littlegroup that took itself seriously.... and still does so, grum- bling all the time. They felt that their proper pride hadto " argue the pointBut now when it is perceived that it is Nelson, theNation's Hero, who lays down these two rules as law,possibly our friends will think it over, and 1 hope weshall all find good sense ready to help us to realize thegood sense in the rule.For this is the situation :...The Theatre of England is in a more wretched con- dition than we care about. Pessimism is out of the ques- tion. Good- healthy rage is what we all feel who lovethe old Theatre....Rage against these grumbling nobodies, these pessi- mists who prefer to see the theatre sunk than get upand obey orders: who will go to any lengths to hampergenius,... who will be obstinate as mules or cats insteadof willing like horses or dogs.It's the rather clever people who are mostly toblame...Healthy out-spoken dissatisfaction with our home isone thing: but sneaking, obstinate opposition in whichthe chief weapon is misrepresentation of all the bestefforts in the Theatre and lies about our best men andwomen... this is nothing but damnable, and steps shouldbe taken to ridicule this sort of thing by every memberof the English Stage.We know some of the people who make use of misre- presentation and lies to harm our English Stage, and whosewhole pitiful joy in life is to be in a state of insubor- dination against all which strives to attain to better thingsand a stronger union of men and women bent on esta- blishing better feeling in theatrical ranks. Just becausethey hate men and women of talent, genius, even ascripples and sick folk hate men and women of beautyand health.Human it i 5,... as all is human..., but we all of uswant to help cripples and sick people and are eager todivert the energy of the malicious into creative channels.And if only our helpers do not unconsciously becomeinfected by the malicious ones we shall soon brace themup and get them to drop their devilries.A few perhaps are so soaked in their bitterness thatthe only thing to do is to avoid them for a space oftime. They will become sweeter as time goes on.Our readers must come to know u5.... and they knowwe have never sat down content to see the English Stagelied out of its rights....Unfortunately there are many in the profession whoare content,... and some of these are unfortunately menof note.It is a great pity these men have shown for the lastten years utter indifference to our campaign.... That wasmean.... and was no sign that the positions they hold arethe right place for them.That indifference damns them. It does not stop us.In fact we hope before long to issue so many co- pies of our journal monthly that London will be askingthese men why they lent us nothing but underhand op- position all this time, and why it is that they allowedthe Foreign Theatres to develop in these last ten yearsat the expense of England.We are not going to quarrel with them.... but weare going to make them see that this is no time and thisearth no place, in which to quarrel with us.But we can all of us fight Malice. Continued on page 48. Continued on page 49. We hope before long both to enlarge " The Mask "and to make it such a price that everyone canafford to buy it.The reason we are unable to do this at present willbe rendered clear by the following facts, showing theextent to which the cost of production has increased,while unlike all other Journals, we have hitherto refrainedfrom any increase in subscription rates, continuing to givethe same advantages to our subscribers, and to keepthe increased difficulties to ourselves. OURSELVES. APOLOGY. N. or M. CONSCIOUS THAT THE CREA- TION.... THE ETERNAL....THE FUTURE.... AND ALL THATIS WONDERFUL EXISTS NOTSPECIALLY FOR U5.... LEASTOF ALL FOR U5.... CONSCIOUSTHAT IT IS UNAWARE OF USAND WILL REMAIN UNMOVEDBY OUR EXISTENCE.... CON- SCIOUS THAT WE ARE NOTEVEN KNOWN BY THE CHO- SEN ONES.... THOSE WITHWHOM WE MAY FEEL THEETERNAL AND ITS GHOST AREON GOOD TERMS.... OUTLAW- ED BY THE RARE SENSEAND THE COMMON SENSE OFTIMES PAST, PRESENT ANDTO COME.... WE ARE PREPA- RED TO ATTEMPT TO EXIST. IN MY WALKS.O ME - THO UGHT. O I was in the Province of Tartaruga,which, as you all know, is somewhatnorth of the city of Margutta.I met an old soldier.... 70 years old.He had fought in the wars.,.. 1870 Ithink, and another. 11 Yes, I get apension. I only got 9Vsd. some yearsback, but now things are enormouslyimproved.... I get 10d.fl I sat liste- ning to his talk ; wondering which ofall the Powers that be I might dareapproach and which would respondquickest and without putting me offwith arguments, reasons and excuses.It lay between Margutta and G0d....and I decided I dared not approachMargutta. So telegraphing to God, 1there and then had an immediate re- sponse and the old boy's days becamemore rosy.Since then (and it was three weeksago) I have plucked up sufficient im- pertinence to beg Margutta.... for as- sistance for the old soldier. The ne- gotiations are still dragging on.How well God is served ! I saw Ladies prowling...,Am I right ? Art which can serveas a useful foil to a new gown itgood art; but art which will not cometo heel when whistled to, should begassed by the guardians damned outof life by the prettiest of ladies.ART will in future only be speltwith a capital T.... me-thought.OI saw six trains pass by, the people inthem packed like sardines, fourteento each compartment made to holdeight, and the passages crammed.Taken all for all, this latest civili- zation is the funniest, even if that ofthe Greeks was the most Democratic.OI passed the Keats-Shelley MemorialHouse.Byron exiled.... and Shelley andKeats; but how truly sensible of usto have made gods of the weaker two,for no amount of adulation can makemen of them. When you pass theKeats-Shelley Memorial House in Romeare you not immediately struck by theprofounder reverence in which theBriton holds the genius of Byron ?When you enter it does not the im- pression become a conviction?OI thought of Wu Tao-tzu, the greatestof all Chinese masters, of whom weare told he was sent by the Emperorto paint the scenery of a certain river.On his return, to everyone's surprise,he had no sketches to show. n I haveit all n, he said, " in my heart n.FOR less than this, I mused, fine artistsin Europe have been called thievesand mbeciles.... for far less.BUT the time may have gone by,me-thought, when they will continueto bear it with impunity.... gone by. PRINTERS WAGES. The Printers* Federation has obtainedthe following advances.On Feb. 12. 1918 50-%On May 18. R 7.50%On Aug. 17. n 3.50%On Oct. 18. n 14 %On Mar. 1. 1919 25%Making in all 100 % and a reductionfrom a 9 to an 8 hour day.o CLICHES, oThe cost of cliche making has doubledwithin the last year.o PAPER. oThe Paper upon which the journalis printed now costs about 6 timesthe previous price. Packing Paper andCorrugated card for packing cost about9 times the previous price.MISCELLANEOUS.All such items as string, sealing wax,stationary, ink, etc. etc., have greatlyincreased in cost.o POSTAGE, oInland postage in Italy has increased,so that the postage of each copy ofthe journal costs more than twice asbefore (5 centes. instead of 2 centes).Letters, postcards, manuscripts, re- gistrations, have also been raised. The only thing which would ade- quately remedy and adjust matters,(save by greatly increasing the cost ofsubscriptions) would be a much enlargedcirculation. This we ask each of ourpresent subscribers to assist us to attain,by each procuring a few new subscribers,and doing all they can to make thejournals more widely known. NOTICE. THOSE WISHING TO BIND THEIR NUMBERS OF " THE MASK " FOR 1918, (VO- LUME 8), CAN OBTAIN TITLE PAGE ANDCONTENTS SHEET FROM US FOR 4D (40CENTIMES, 40 CENTES. IO CENTS) POSTFREE.YOU ARE REQUESTED TO SEND IN FORTHESE AT ONCE, AS IT WILL SAVE DELAY,AND THE TROUBLE WHICH ATTENDS ALLDELAYS.IN SENDING, PLEASE ENCLOSE STAMPSOR P. O. FOR THE AMOUNT, AS ONLY PRE- PAID ORDERS CAN BE SUPPLIED, THE NE- CESSITY OF SUBSEQUENTLY COLLECTING,OFTEN BY REPEATED APPLICATIONS, TRI- FLING AMOUNTS INVOLVING TOO GREATA LOSS. ON LIE AND LIARS THEFTAND THIEVES by Beatrice. Why Beatrice P... why because 51 I have a good eye,Uncle, I can see a church by daylight n. IN 1914 Mr Gordon Craig was invited to visit America,R The Stage Society of New York n, says Mr Dickensonin The Insurgent Theatre, 1917 (a book full of good thingsand but rarely incorrect), n took steps for raising a fund for?l bringing to America Gordon Craig, Max Reinhardtn and Granville Barker. Reinhardt was stopped by3 the blockade • the Society found it impossiblen to raise the 100,000 dollars that Craig demanded,n but Barker came. The sum of 30,000 dollarsn was provided for him s?.Now read what Miss Mackoye said in her look, n TheLittle Theatres in ihe United States of America, 1918. B.n It is a rule with the Stage Society to start new3 movements, and once they are on their feet, to11 begin work anew elsewhere. They brought Mrl{ Barker to this country; but they did not guaranteen their support of his work for more than a season.n Now such work as Mr Barker's demands a followingn that can be counted on, or at least a backing.15 - And as no such backing was forthcoming in3 the United States (despite the promises of variomsn wealthy patrons of the arts) Mr Barker returned!! to England n.Mr Dickenson tells us in a previous chapter that to runa little Theatre in New York costs 5,625 Dollars per week,without considering the cost of a production, which may be(he says) as low as 3,500 dollars.Now what does this show ? ....that if I, or Mr Barkeror Mr Craig go to America to produce some work there,giving twelve weeks to prepare the work after we arrive,and running the thing for eight weeks on the little Theatrescale that indicated by Mr Dickenson we shall haveto spend 45,000 dollars during those eight weeks, and ifwe produce three plays as did Mr. Barker we shall haveto spend 10,500 dollars more and that does not includeanything for myself, Mr Barker or Mr Craig.Now, what sort of tomfoolery is it that such societiesas the Stage Society propose when they offer Mr Barker30,000 Dollars and refuse Mr Craig's reasonable 100,000Dollars. For with 100,000 Dollars something small mightbe done.Bear in mind that Mr Dickenson is an American andis on the spot when he tells us that a sum of 55,000 Dollarsis necessary for a small production in New York.I have used the word 51 reasonable n in regard to the100,000 Dollars asked by Mr Craig, and use it advisedlyand very carefully.3 Reasonable 1! was exactly what Mr Craig provedhimself in demanding 100,000 ; whereas Mr Barker showedhimself, by rushing into action on inadequate resources andguarantees, unbusinesslike and rash. If an architect, on being approached by some publicbody or individual, to raise a building, light-heartedly dashesinto the project with an estimate for a thousand pounds,when elementary calculation by any experienced persondemonstrates that his materials alone will cost four thousandbefore his own honorarium or his worfemer's wages arepaid, we do not admire him for so doing. And if heproduces only a barn or a tenement house where somethingfine and beautiful was expected ; or if, on reaching thefirst story, he has to let his work fall to pieces incompleted,for lack of funds, excusing his failure with, n well, whatmore could I do with so little money ? n there arises thevery legitimate argument, why undertake what wasimpracticable ? why show yourself so inefficient in thepreliminary estimation of the cost, so devoid qf realknowledge and sound clear sense ? nTherefore I repeat, it was Mr Craig who wasn reasonable n and Mr Barker who was n rash n when theone rushed to America on an impossible sum, cheapenedhis reputation by making a fiasco ; and the other asked afigure upon which a careful estimate, based on preciseknowledge, showed that something might be done, thoughon a moderate scale.And I say n moderate n, because the Americancalculation given above shows that even 100,000 Dollarswould go but a very little way as capital towards the finan- cing of anything of really generous proportion in New York.We must remember, of course, that that 100,000 Dollarsproposed by Mr Craig, and the size of which so flutteredthe Stage Society, was proposed in 1914.Figures have risen, not fallen, in the last four years;and one of the very first axioms of commerce, which hasheld good since the day when the Lady sold the famousbooks to King Tarquin 0) is, that if an offer has been madeand refused, the seller can never be field to that originalfigure a second time.Now no tried artist of reputation in his senses is goingto travel to New York, and on getting there have to forma company of actors have his whole theatre over-hauledand scenes made, costumes made, just to make a smallsplash for eight weeks in a puddle of 30,000 dollars.We may not be very acute business men, it's true but we are not so dense at figures as all that.When a young artist does accept these gay offers hearrives, finds no money to work with, and is told to gohang : ....the ladies and gentlemen who invited him overall enjoy themselves very much and seem to have a lot tospend in fact more than usual whereas the youngartist is ruined. A fine trick to play a very fine trick to be sure.When he is wise enough to refuse to move until thereis enough money placed to his credit in a sound bank,these same ladies and gents busy around crying out that heis an impossible artist or that he is quite ridiculous....n would you believe it, he asks a million n. Ive knownof them saying this.By such lies, leaping like the little frogs and snakes ofthe old fairy tale from the mouths of the ugly sisters,....by such lies the People of a nation are cheated of theArt which is only too ready in its willingness to go tothem, if they care about it at all.Such a lie as the one above, n would you believe it,he asks a million n, makes out the artist to be wanting inall common sense and n impossible n, and that is what theseladies and gents want everyone to believe.... lest it hediscovered that they themselves are wanting in a littlehonesty and much ordinary understanding.But let not London flatter itself that only Americansare like this.€J Londoners, Parisians are like this too : the worst inNew York, Paris and London are as like as three peas.I once knew of a lady who was going to put, was it£30,000 or £lO,OOO into a journal or a picturegallery or some useful thing to the artists, 1 forget exactlywhat it was. She had the ntoney; she assured a friend ofmine that she had.... let it go at that.She had privately, unbeknown to him, asked afabulously rich man for a sum and got it for this wrork :but next week.... alas, she came weeping to my friend....no real tears, only the simulation of well-borne grief.... andsaid she had received a cable from America telling herthat all her money was lost in some gamble in stocßs,...and so the work never went 0n.... n0,.... but the lady stillhad the sum from the fabulously wealthy one.....Do you take me ?...As by lying and by theft well-to-do women as wellas men ruin the enterprises off artists too inexperienced toknow what these 11 good sorts n or " intelligent womenare about.... it is well to mention this instance.Rob a plutocrat politely if you like...* especially ifhe wron't give the world the benefit of his wealth ; butto rob an artist at the same time is just a little bit toomuch of a good joke....It's over-doing it, I think. What do you say? (i) In the reign of one of the Tar quins there appearedbefore the king a woman who offered him nine books for sale.The king refused to purchase them, whereupon the woman went,away and burned three of the books, and returning offered iheremaining books for the same price she had asked for the nine.The king again rejected them; but when the woman, afterburning three books more, returned and asked for the threeremaining the same price which she had before asked for thenine, his common sense awoke and he purchased the books.They were found to contain the destinies of the Roman state. SKETCH FOR SMALL PLAY FOR MARIONNETTES (NOT COPYRIGHTED).Scene 1.Curtain rises. Three* large rich persons seated inpanelled room. Very gorgeous apartment.... lovely gildingto legs of chairs. A tune warbled By long, thin-neckedyoung lady at piano. All else as stagnant pond.Is it three frogs we see seated on floating leaves ? No,it is three rich persons of London, Paris and New York,Enter artist with insinuating ways he asks rather toohonestly for £ 10,000 with which to run a Little Theatre. (Dickenson says in his book that it takes about that sumto run a small theatre for only eight weekf, in New York).By horrid palm gestures the three rich persons conveyto the artist that they are very sorry but they have notgot £ 10,000 to spare.The artist, bowing to the very boards under the carpet,retires, covered with awful confusion.(This confusion is conveyed to the audience thus....The manipulator of the puppet dabs two red spots, one oneach cheek and one on the forehead of departing puppet).(Art is very simple, you know).The curtain creaks and descends.One bar of Music.Scene 2.Curtain rises nto a whistling tune n. (0 Same scene.Same folk. Same long-necked maiden singing same songone year later at pianola.At end of song six guns are fired off stage veryloud. The three figures rise - sit rise sit; rise- sit and so on. At the sixth explosion enter agovernment official. n I want ten million pounds for a war ®.The three figures reply simultaneously.... " Certainly! 11They give ten bags. Exit Government official.CURTAIN.Scene 3.Curtaiir rises. Same scene. Same folk. Same etc., etc.Enter artist.?! I wonder if you could spare me £ 20,000 (perchance)for to make for you a theatre to (methinks) amuse you alittle ....and to amuse ethers.... n etc., etc.The Three : n Alas ! We have no money to spare NExit artist down a trap. Red Fire this time coverthis confusion.TREMENDOUS EXPLOSION follows. EnterGovernment Official. n I want ten million for aRevolution !f. (2) The Drums roll; the furniture is shaken.11 Certainly n, etc., etc.(Now this slight theme here sketched needs but littleelaboration to be a thundering success).Lastly you see the artist enter disguised as Dick Turpin.He produces and points two horse-pistols and cries : !! Yourmoney or your life! Bn Oh, yes, Sir! n reply the immortal Three at him....n our money.... how much ? I n57 Three bags full ® says the artist.Three bags are produced to the tune of n Pop goes theWeaselCURTAIN. (1) Sir Richard Burton points out that in the East Horsesdrink to a whistling tune.(2) A Government can be as disorderly as the best whenit puts itself at it. BOOK REVIEWS. EAST AND WEST. THE MIRROR OF GESTURE;by Dr Ananda Coomaraswamy.Oxford University Press, England:Harvard University Press, U. S. A.DEAR Dr Coomaraswamy. It is aMarvellous interesting book andall that which you have translated, buthere I sit in a Palace in Pisa in theroom where Lord Byron wrote thegreatest European poem of the lastcentury, which has not yet been un- derstood by Europe, let alone read,and you ask me seriously to recommendthis trifle from the East to Europeans;this 9 Mirror of Gesture B, this bookof system, this receipt for enslavingmen, making 6 actors * of them.... youask too much. We are not up to it yet.I admire y0u;.... I am ravished byyour gestures without understanding oneof them, or caring a rap for any systems....Eastern or western.I am fascinated beyond descriptionby the way you begin the stance.Following this your text-book youshake your head up and down. Youmean doubtless Indignation, Enquiry,Summoning, Threatening and all sortsof other things. But who's to guess itover here ? for we frown, lower thebrows, shake the head sideways whenwe mean some of those things, andwhen we mean the rest of them wemake other gestures.So you see you ask too much fromthe commencement. And when later,to recompense me, you assert that yourwaist is one of your limbs and yourarm-pits another of them, (1) then you•how me (and I'm no seer), that yourwhole system is based on the principleB heads I win, tails you lose B. No, dear and gentle Indian; I'll notplay that game with you. I too wanta chance to win.Mind you, I haven't any doubt thatB the root N I with the prefix ABHIimplies Exposition B; all I mustremark is that your gestures exposenothing to us whereas our clowns'gestures do, spite of their lack ofsubtlety.I won't speak of our great performers....for some of these are so subtle thatthey might be fresh from Burma.But do not take my expressionsamiss....n I mean no harm n said Snook,n But me for the pan by the sink B.(vide ' Mask ') Vol. 8 No. 2 Page 8).The curses of the West are many,dear Doctor. But the cussiest curse isthat we are always being tempted totell ourselves that we Westerner frogscan be as big as the biggest Easterncow that ever strayed from the milkyway.And we succumb over and overagain:... we are dangerously nearbursting.If v/e draw in one more big breathof air (EE by E) we shall burst.We have other weaknesses, ....butconceit will be our undoing.We must become faultless like y0u....some day ....if we can, but only alonga more bitter path than your artistslingered on as they created theirloveliest things ....and after that evenfound some time over to make systems.But we receive only the n Systems B....the Art of Gesture does not reachu5.... and so if we have any sense leftwe dare not pretend we understand.Even in Europe some there havebeen who have offered systems to us....perhaps since we have their workstoo this is less fatal ....but if you onlyknew us better I think you would agreewith Lord Byron. And with Lord Byron's words onwestern systems let me end:...B A more amiable man in societyB than Mr Hunt I do not know; norB (when he will allow his sense toB prevail over his sectarian principles) aB better writer. When he was writingB his 1 Rimini 1 I was not the last toB discover its beauties, long before itn was published. Even then I remon-B strated against the vulgarisms; whichB are the more extraordinary becauseB the author is anything but a vulgarB man. Mr Hunt's answer was, thatH he wrote them upon principle; theyB made part of his 1 system 1!! I thenB said no more. When a man talks ofB his system it is like a woman talkingB of her virtue B. (1) Limbs, parts of the body and fea- tures are differently classified accordingto the Indian cannons of gesture thanthey are in Europe and America.The book tells us that in India theseare the divisions :..." Limbs. Head, hands, arm pits, sides,&lt; ( waist and feet. Some also say the neck." Parts of the Body are shoulders," shoulder blades, arms, back, stomach," thighs, calves ; some say also the wrists,u knees and elbows." Features are : eyes, "eye lids, pupils,t4 cheeks, nose, jaw, lips, teeth, tongue,u chin, faceYou see what I mean.... Its all topsy—~ tutry for us.The first movement of the Head isvery interesting. It is called Sama (level)the movement consists of not moving; nor is the head bent or raised. It isused when wishing to express prayer,authoritative speech, satisfaction, anger,indifference, or inaction.jßw/ a* the risk of being felt to be anuisance I must ask the Indian author bywhat means the dancer makes us over hereunderstand whether he is feeling angeror satisfaction, for he has omitted to say.Now to the Western actor or actresswe critics say, " Explain to me, oh Lotusof the Strand, expound to me withoutany more of your bhavas (nonsense) whena door can possibly be not a door " ; andindeed some of us have to become like alittle child once more toknow the answer.Again, the gesture called Adhomukha{face inclined) signifies that the head isbent. It is used to express modesty,sorrow, bowing, regarding anything vile,fainting, things on the ground, bathing.It is, in short, another language. Mr. GEORGE JEAN NATHANPRESENTS. Knopf. New York, 1917. HOW is it that when I receive abook to review which gives meso much pleasure as all Mr. Nathan'sbooks give me I become hopelesslyincompetent to say a word ? I can'tlaugh at it or prod it.... it leaves meno gaps to fill up: the work has allbeen done so well that the most I cando is to keep decently quiet, ....orexpress mild pleasure by a round ofapplause.Some say this is the author's bestbook, some say it's his worst.*., to meit is a volume of his works, and whenI like a man's work 1 like all of it.The thing I like most about Nathan'swork is not his fun,... and that's ter- rific.... but his dead seriousness.Not only is it too easy for one tosay of him he is America's best dra- matic critic. I should be inclined tosay he is the best man in the AmericanTheatre.... for he knows it....What makes him so mighty fond ofthe Theatre?People are not often just as fond ofit as he i 5,... after knowing it.And if you don't come to the sameconclusion as I do after reading all hisbooks and studying part of one ofthem, say, for about a year, then thatproves that I have enjoyed myself morethan you have,But anyhow, while waiting for thenext copy of The Mask, f°rB Another Book on the Theatre B,* Mr. George Jean Nathan Presents Band B The Popular Theatre B(0 fromAlfred A. Knopf, New York.They cost about $ 1.50 each. (i) For Review see page 55 of thisnumber. FIVE PLAYS from Mr. EgmontArens, Washington Square BookShop, New York City. U. S. A. C.D.E.F.G.H.I. IN Mr. Arens' shop several youngmen and women found a place toplot the destruction of that whichstood in their way towards givingAmerica a new Theatre.Destruction with them is bloodless.They Create and that does the trickwith a smile.Apathy insincerity and sheerstupidity, blocked the way, Spite ofbeing warned by a few advance stormsthat a tempest was coming, Americans,like English, like French, like Russiansand like other people, smiled the smugsmile of idiotic self-satisfied egoism,laughed at prophecy, and now can betold that the New Movement in theTheatre is upon them. They can nomore escape it than they can escapesunrise. They have to be blessed.Not that they will all be aware of it- but then suns rise and set and theyare unaware of these - so it wil beall right.Crass articles on the Theatre onDrama on Marionnettes on allthings of the stage will still appear inthe most celebrated journals for a longwhile men and women must be mis- informed it seems it is the preli- minary necessity of mind-slavery.... forwhich they yearn, and though mind-sla- very is the one thing we artists arefighting against, it seems that the rest ofthe world loves nothing so mueh as toimprison its own mind daily and fog theminds of others. It* s a species of ideefixe with the millions.... a little habitto which may be attributed nearly everymisery on earth.But let us glide on into importantmatters.The five plays sent by Mr. Arensare by five of the new dramatists. Twoare pretentious bits of earnestness, andthree are excellent little pieces of work.The Sand-Bar Queen by GeorgeCronyn, Washington Square Players,I find excellent for a number of rea- sons, the first being that he has some- thing to express and expresses it.Rather difficult to perform,... andtherefore all the more interesting tothe craftsman.The Angel Intrudes by Ffloyd Dell.Provincetown Players, pleases me inaway.... with proper treatment on theStage it could be made excellent.And lastly Enter the Hero by The- resa Helburn.... what shall I say ofthis ? I am unreasonable in my likesand diflikes, and I like this playlet im- mensely. I find it a little work of Art. And I think Miss Helburn hasthe genius of the theatre in her veins.If this and other praises she receivespoil her, it would be a grievous pity.For this reason.... she has a certainlittle genius which I would say coulddevelop. If she thinks she has moreshe will spoil. She has the amount andquality which will bear discipline, andso I pray she may be of that orderof being which is never contented withits marvellous little self, however reallyadmirable that self may be.Two of the plays, Night by JamesOppenheim and Two Blind Beggarsby Philip Moeller, I did not like. Ifound self-consciousness and perhapscomplaisancy writ large over both. Ifound them pretentious, insincere, andtherefore of course expressionless.These two are both heralded in theadvertisement pompously; the first istrumpeted as follows:NIGHT, a Poetic Drama in OneAct by James Oppenheim, as playedby the Provincetown Players.Everything is subdued to thepoem. The scene is merely aconcave sheet flooded fromthe back with violet light. Amound before this suggests ahilltop against night sky. Thecharacters are silhouettes, andtheir few movements suggestsomething liquid and flowing.The verbal music of the poemis rendered with full value forevery word, every rhythm,every tune and melody. Theresult is very moving, verypoignant.and we would add u and very fu- tile ". The second was announcedthus :TWO BLIND BEGGARS ANDONE LESS BLIND. A TragicComedy in One Act, by PhillipMoeller, as played by the WashingtonSquare Players.The scene is a rag pickets cel- lar. The characters move aboutin gloomy but their languageis filled with imagery and poeticfeeling as to suggest the bestof the Irish writers.Now this won't do. It won't dobecause we don* t want to be toldthat a play suggests the best of otherwriters. We get no such flim-flam inthe note about the one really goodplay of the lot. Read and see:ENTER THE HERO. A Comedyin One Act, by Theresa Helburn, asplayed by the St. Francis Players inSan Francisco.Ruth Carey has conjured up alover, who suddenly appears inthe fleshy bringing with himamusing complications.This states all we need to know....for who "wants to b® told about thegloom in which the 4&lt; Blind Beggars " move, or that their language is extra- special? Or who wants to be told aboutthe concave sheet flooded from the back(or the front, damme) with violet light asin the note on 44 Night " ? Do we carea rap whether 44 the characters are sil- houetted " or that they have u fewmovements " and that these are 44 li- quid and flowing " ? As for being4 very moving, very poignant', an authorshould leave the public to decide thatpoint.Miss Helburn leaves the public todecide it, and there is surely no onewho will not award her the palm. Theother two with the unnecessary win- dow-dressing awaken a suspicion, whichbecomes a certainty after the two playsare read, that the goods need it.So, for Miss Helburn.... bravo Ame- rica IAs for Oppenheim and Moeller.... run along. TARR by Wyndham Lewis. Knopf.New York• Dollars 1.75.READ it Can you get it inLondon ? It is a novel.I only ask, for I had not heard ofit there. A friend in America sent itme. He knew that as I am anEnglishman I would very naturally beglad to know of a work of EnglishGenius. I hope I don't exaggerate.I'd hate to do that.I shall hope to review it later on,but am waiting for a copy to arrivefrom England.... from the Englishpublishers of this work by a youngartist packed full of the signs of genius.....Again I do hope I don't exaggerate. THE EURHYTHMIES OFJACQUES DALCROZE. -lion by Professor M. E. Sadler. Con- stable &amp; Co. Ltd. 1917. Price 2shillings.WE cannot see why it is that thisbook about this System 4 4 Rhyth- mische Gymnastik " has come out inEngland.... and what Professor M. E.Sadler means by still pushing Germangoods in England at this day isincomprehensible. Because even ifGermany has as much right on earthas any other lunatic, it is not the time,nor is England the place, to encourageany but our own lunatics.In this book we find that HerrDalcroze of 1913 has now becomeMonsieur Dalcroze. Detestable ifincomprehensible. Herr Feichmannbecomes Monsieur Teichmann of Bale.The ladies in bathing drawers havenot changed anything, so little wasthere left to change.... except some of their poses and their too intense, ifalways charming, facial expression.Monsieur Dalcroze says nothingdifferent from what Herr Dalcroze said.He does not approve of the " RussianBallet and their " Apr&amp;s Midi d'unFaune " though he is good enough toapprove of " several " of the plasticinterpretations of Miss Duncan.... in afoot note: but his aim is the same asit ever was, ....to turn out a numberof Isadora Duncans if by hook orcrook he possibly can.Anyone who has seen MonsieurDalcroze's early books, before thegenius of Isadora Duncan illuminedthree quarters of Europe and M.Dalcroze into the bargain, will havenoted that his movements, costumes andwhole system had the appearance ofbeing what the Germans call gemutlich ;that means comfortable.Monsieur Dalcroze saw that thesewoollens really wouldn't do. So heremoved some of them; then somemore.... and then another little bit,seeing no harm: and at last made hispupils really comfortable;... but still hewas unable to give them a scrap ofthe genuine thing which they thinkthey are to get.... and the genuinething is the power of expression.However we must admit that forservant girls or programme girls it, shouldbe an admirable school to go to:....can't you see Fanny entering with atray tip-toe like Mercury and realisingsomething which M. Charles Blasisaimed at in 1829?... I suppose youknow his book ?... quite interesting.n The Mask 11 should really reprint itwith the pictures....And now that one comes to thinkit over a moment longer, why shouldnot a school or two be started inEngland taking M. Charles Blasis andM. Del Sarte as guides ? They wrotesuch good books, too. Did you neverhear of the books of Del Sarte ?...America has. Americans in some of theSlates were brought up on Del Sarte.The effect was, I believe, that itmade young ladies walk better thanbefore ....which is most deceptive.Tell me, don't you like a rat of awoman to walk like a rat, so that weshall not mistake her for a lady or ablessing when we meet her ? Theworst of these T systems ! is that theybaulk expression. No longer shall wesay n here comes such and such anature n, ....but we shall be aware thathere comes a trained Dalcroziam i hatultimately ....I admit only ultimately....will tell against the lady who adoptshis systematic beauty at so much aesson. And they are dirt cheap. Men soon begin to see under thatsort of mask.I am one of those who think thatindividual expression in life is what wemust preserve; therefore I think Dalcrozeis a nuisance.Except, as I said, for servant girls,programme sellers, waitresses and alland any who are or want to be inuniform pattern,If Monsieur would guarantee to trainnone but the servants of the public,then might not we hope to seegovernments and local bodies taking upthis system and stereotyping hundredsof females per day ?... Democraticany how.I have turned once more to the bookto see if I am not doing injustice toMonsieur Dalcroze.... I am not.N0.,., n0.... the results achieved areinsipid:... he may be right in histheory.... but not right as rain:... andthe artisticness of the whole thing wouldbe right enough for those groups inAmerica or even England or Germanywhere groups of ladies thrill, gush orschwerm over things they take to beuplifting, n perfectly lovely n or reizend:but for any place not befogged bydoubts, or at any period when peopleare at last trying to awaken to realities,it is out of place and it is out of date.And Isadora Duncan is still a livinginfluence. AN IRISH ANTHOLOGY. COL- LECTED WORKS OF PADRAICH. PEARSE. Maunsell &amp; Co.Dublin. 1918.IF every one doesn't love the spirit ofIreland and determine to see thatthis spirit, composed as it is of theessence of all we are told the fouryears' war has been to capture, andwhich is perhaps the only spirit fittedto lead us peoples of the Northernnations.... then.... then what.... ?Well, we could say a great deal onthis subject.... and we could point toa case of obstinacy on the part of anIgnorant and Prejudiced Nation whichhas turned out so badly.n But it's Ireland that is obstinate n,some one says.No, n0,.... gently, no No, notobstinate, my dears.... Think for amoment 1 you may be obstinate becauseyou may be stupid, prejudiced, puffedup.... a bit snob.... who knows ? Maybe. But Ireland is a thing of genius....clever, gay, remarkable, unique. ....Canbe what you wi11,.... wrong, wicked....what you will, but can not beobstinate. Do you not see the diffe- rence ?... No such thing as flame can possiblybe called obstinate.Call it something else, ....what youwi11.... but not obstinacy.Buy this Irish Anthology, with itsbeautiful " Dirge for an Irish Soldierits " Keen for Fair-Haired Donoughits " Roman Vision ".Especially to the Romans will thesesongs be dear. But to no one who isarrogant, stupid or vulgar.... prejudicedagainst real liberty.... or cruel at heart.Mr Maunsell has quite a fine list ofbooks. You should get him to send youhis list.Therfc is no more important thing inthe world just now than for us all tolearn how beautiful is the heart ofIreland.Were Ireland less gifted, had sheless genius,.... then she might make oneof a party at whist ....where honoursshould always be easy.But this Ireland is an event, ....is athing in ten thousand, ....and there isalways one way to manage Ireland....it is to try hard to obey her." But you are getting quite politicalin a mild way ", you say.No, No, not that ....Don't you seethat just as there are some volcanoes,some typhoons, (I admit only some),that are quite apart, as it were, fromall politics, and belong to that secrestsociety known in hushed breath as" Nature ", so are there some people.Well, but what do you mean byNature ? you ask....Ireland, I reply. SHAKESPEARE CRITICISM: ASelection with an Introduction by D.Nichol Smith. Oxford UniversityPress.THIS is a really useful little book,an anthology of Shakespeareancriticism.The one thing which it lacks to addto its usefulness is an Index. THE PRINT-COLLECTORS'QUARTERLY. Edited by FitzroyCarrington M. A. Published by theHoughton Mifflin Co. Boston. Mass.dollars 2 yearly.ANY one who cares for the bestreproductions on a small scale ofthe best Prints in the world mustsubscribe for this work.It is very cheap and very admirable.And try to secure the back num- bers..... Altogether a delight.In London you get them at the 2!Gallery in the Adelphi. BUZZ, BUZZ, by Captain JamesAgate. W. Collins &amp; Sons, Price7/6 net. THE author is a Manchester man.This should naturally prevent usfrom uttering the word provincial; forManchester is Manchester.... apart fromthat which is provincial. Yet provincialthis book is :... almost parochial. Hisbeau ideal of the actor is Sir E. F.Benson, ....Mr Benson, as he callshim.... and adds, " the finest livingEnglish actor n.It is a book apparently all about actorsand acting: the writer has absorbed 11 TheArt of the Theatre " by Mr GordonCraig.... whose work, by the way, hemisunderstands very well.He goes by hearsay, and the usualmisrepresentations are carefully set downwith all the cock-surety of perfectcarelessness. He talks of models whichdo not exist,.... which, mark you,he has seen (! !) ....and he descendsto a personality which seems a littlerepulsive when writing of this artist :...He takes Mr Craig to be a manconcerned only with sceneries; andbecause Miss Ellen Terry produced11 Much Ado About Nothing " in 1903or 1904, (that is, fourteen years ago), inorder, let us say, to give her son someopportunity, he becomes sentimental in anunpleasant way about this Listen...." I shall always hold the spirit of" Motherhood to be capable of non greater sacrifice than that shown by" Miss Ellen Terry when she delivered" her Beatrice to the scenic mercies of" Mr Gordon Craig ". " This devotion ",adds the author, " reminds me of the" French story of the Mother's bleeding" heart which, being conveyed as a son'sn offering to his mistress, exclaimed as" the boy stumbled, 1 Are you hurt,11 my son ? ".He later goes on to say : f5 let me" be frank and say that Mr Craig hasn actually arranged such settings whichw by themselves make up so tremendous" a sea of emotion that no actor could" hope to live in it ".That " let me be frank n» ....howEnglish it sounds:... clique English:....Not the real old genuine voice ofthe Englishman.Cliques have been busy :... they havemisrepresented all things about the artsto all England.Example :... they have howled over" poor Ellen Terry " who sacrificedherself for the Art of her son anddaughter and grandsons and father anduncle and Irving and the rest of em.It is a favourite mode of attack in England: ....so frank: ....frankly themeanest.They want to attack, let us say,Mr Fred Terry." What would he have done ", theycry in that holy voice of Satan, n butfor the perfect abnegation of deardarling Julia Neilson n.Or they wish to go for D'Annunzio:...." It was all that dear angel Duse ",they wail.Now no one would ever dream ofdenying that every woman worth hersalt is a blessing to the work of anartist, be it mother, sister, wife orfriend.History is packed full of such sto- ries.Possibly the mother of Captain Agatehelped him considerably and at somesacrifice in his career.But I would bite my tongue outbefore I would attempt to belittle a sonby gushing about a mother's sacrifice.But poor Captain Agate is under theBensonian influence, ....a moral influence,I understand. THE POPULAR THEATREby George Jean Nathan. A Knopf.O New York 1918. OTHE Author is not a Manchesterman.... the Author is one of thoserare critics who can cut through theroots of a prejudice or cut off an inaneactor or an intellectual actress in theirprime and yet be innocent of anycruelty.For the Author is never stupid. Tobe slain by a brilliant man should bean honour ; to be carved by a dufferis the only disgrace. And that aloneis cruel.Mr Nathan is one of those rare cri- tics who by no streteh of the imagi- nation could possibly be called re\o- lutionary.The revolutionary critic is a conceitedfellow who wants to air his own hope- lessness: all Mr Nathan wants to air isthe Theatre.It would be a mistake to say thatMr Nathan is as clever as BernardShaw.... as a critic he is twice asclever.... he sees.... Shaw tried to see.He feels.... Shaw thinks.... that is thedifference, and to us it seems so cleverto be born with eyes with some sightin them.In short Mr Nathan, so far as cle- verness goes, is no Chesterton. Tosay that Mr Nathan possesses a clear- ness of vision, a breadth of horizonand vigour of idea seldom found inpresent day dramatic criticism would be to miss the target.... Change theword H seldom n to n never w, and youhit the bull's eye.To make matters worse one mightspeak of his stuff as talent; genius isthe right word, or call it rice pudding,....for rice pudding and talent are alike.I know a fman who says that nnoother critic unless it be James Hunekeris so well informed about the Britishand Continental Drama, etc., etc., asNathan I object to the accursedword !! unless n, and the accusationagainst Huneker. Huneker is all right.... fine .... excellent .... pretty good ....but Nathan is so different.If I have said enough to in anyway rouse your energy to the point ofsending for a copy of his newest book.... buona notte. I'm done.... for Ishould no more think of reviewing itthan of discussing theatricals with Na- than.Nathan knows.... I know.... mostfolk I know only half-know. You knowhat I mean :... they are fine, perfect,marvellous, but they just don't know,...and one could not hope to help themany further till they procure some eyes.Add to this that Nathan is an artist,and let us all sleep the better for thefact. EVEN IN MOMENTS OF THEHIGHEST HAPPINESS AND THEDEEPEST MISERY, WE STAND INNEED OF THE ARTIST.Goethe. 1919.ARTISTS ARE THE ONLY CLASSWHO HAVE NEVER OPPRESSEDTHE PEOPLE AND AGAINST WHOMTHE PEOPLE HA VE NE VER RISEN.John Quinn. 1919.YET NOT ONE WORD HAS BEEN SAID BYA SINGLE MEMBER OF THE GOVERN- MENT ASSEMBLED IN PARIS TO BRINGHAPPINESS TO THIS EARTH OF OURS BYTHE POWER OF ART AND THE ARTIST ; ANDNOT ONE SUGGESTION MADE ANYWHEREAT ALL TO BENEFIT MANKIND THROUGHTHE ARTS AND THROUGH ARTISTS.I PROPOSE THAT PROPAGANDABE LEFT TO ARTISTS TO ADMINISTER ....THAT THE PROPAGANDA DEPARTMENTSOF THE NATIONS SHALL NO LONGER BEADMINISTERED BY HUSTLERS BUT ONLYBY THE EXACT OPPOSITE TYPE.... ARTISTSGORDON CRAIG. THE KIND OF THEATRE YOU SHOULD BUILDIF YOU WANT THE PEOPLE TO BE UNABLETO KEEP AWAY FROM IT . TAKEGRANDEUR AS YOUR MEASURE. THUS ENDS THE MASK FOR 1918