40 The Unbelievable tatingly. Then: "Yes, yes, I remember. It's--" But Song Kee stopped him. "Sh!" he said quickly. "Would you mind writing the name of its owner on that slip of paper on the desk beside you?" As Grover obeyed, he went on. "Now, gentlemen, I must confess to a slight infraction of your laws. The next thing I did was to provide myself with some skeleton keys. Armed with these I again visited the fourth floor of the Ralston Hotel. In the room I un- lawfully entered I found that for which I searched. I found the bow that had driven the arrow into Irene Grenville's breast." He answered the question in their eyes. "You are wondering what I did with it. I brought it here. It is hjre." He held out the cane. "Look!" With a deft movement he pulled at the handle. It came out of the bamboo stick. And the handle was the hilt of a long, evilly shaped knife, the blade of which had been hidden in the hollow of the bamboo. "This," he said in explanation, "is the arrow which brought death to the dancing woman. Through the kindness of Mr. Delaney I was able to borrow it this morning. And this," he bent the long stick of bamboo, "is the bow. String it with a piece of cord beyond the joints at either end and you have a deadly and effective weapon." "Wait a" minute--wait a minute," De- laney shouted. "I beg your pardon, Mr. Commissioner, but let's get this thing straight. D'ye mean to say Mister Song Kee, that some guy who had it in for the Grenville woman hid in the vacant room and potted her when she went down the hall?" "Exactly." "Pretty fishy! But we won't say nothin' about that. Maybe though you won't mind tellin' me, if this cock and bull story of yours is true, how Grover's finger-prints come to be on the knife?" Song Kee smiled patiently. "How did your own get there ?" "Mine--they never were there!". Song Kee smiled again, but less pa- tiently. "Listen, Mr. Delaney. Just a few moments ago I asked you to pass me my cane. You did so, giving it to me by the handle. Now, providing someone who touched it after you, wearing gloves and touching it only at its very end, had pulled it from its sheath and using it as an arrow had shot it into a body-- whose finger-prints would then be on it?" He laughed outright at the expression on Delaney's face. "I don't blame you," he said, "for your surprise. "We are dealing in this case with a nr1'" who was very subtle--a man who manufactured, not lies, but facts, to cover his crime. One must marvel at him. Patiently he waited and studied the habits of the woman he had come to kill. He found that she in- variably left her apartments on her way to the theatre promptly at seven-fifteen. He arranged that someone should be in the hall at that time on the night he in- tended to murder her. He even ar- ranged that the finger-prints of that per- son should be upon the weapon he was to use. This he contrived by the very simple method which I have just now used to convince the skeptical Mr. De- laney. Read, Mr. Grover, the name of the murderer on the slip of paper you are holding in your hand. In a trembling voice Grover read the name he had written in compliance with Song Kee's request that the identity of the owner of the cane be set down on paper rather than spoken. "Sito Okawa." 