104 Two Bells beside the bunk. "I brought you here to show you this." And he turned back the sheet. Something worse than horror reach- ed up and clutched at The Boy's throat. He half closed his eyes; dared not shut them entirely, for The Thing fasci- nated him. "The captain has been murdered," Cardigan continued. "A few minutes ago I happened on the fore-poop. I dropped a wallet and it fell overside-- but fortunately caught in the project- ing space under the bowsprit. And when I picked it up I found this with it--" He withdrew an object from the pocket of his pea-jacket. A cry leaped to The Boy's lips--died. There before him, sharp and ugly in the flickering glow of the slush-lamp, was the knife with which he killed Black Michael! "Now come here," commanded the mate. He obeyed, the cabin reeling dizzily about him. What use was there of try- ing to hide the truth now? Cardigan knew and- "Look," was the sharp injunction. And he looked ... at The Thing on the bunk. As he saw the exposed chest a shriek of sheer terror was wrung from his throat. "No, no!" he cried. "I didn't stab him twice--I didn't! Only once, in the dark . . . and then I ran--" He shuddered. "O, God, what have I said ?" With a broken sob he sank to his knees, burying his face in his hands. An instant later fingers closed over his shoulders and lifted him to his feet-- fingers that were not rough but firm and determined. "You said what I wanted to hear," announced Cardigan. "Look at me, boy..... There . . . Now, I'm go- ing to question you and I want the truth, the truth--before the God that you just called on. . . . When did you stab Black Michael?" "A little after two bells, sir-" "Why? Because he had mistreated you? . . . How did you do it?" "I . . . " And there followed a stumbling, detached account of his movements from the time he left the deck until he surrendered to sleep in his bunk in the fo'castle. "It's fortunate for you that I found the knife," remarked Cardigan when he had finished, "for it has your initials upon the hilt. I saw you come on deck twice while I was at the wheel; one time you went near the bowsprit but not until after I found the knife did I attach any importance to it." He paused, re- suming after a moment. "It's quite evident that two people stabbed the captain--you and an unknown person. But who stabbed him first ? Who is the real murderer? These are skeins that must be untangled. All I require of you is a close mouth and an open eye-" "Then--then you're not going to lock me in the brig?" "You are free; only remember my instructions--and regard them." The Boy stared' at him. He was dazed, stunned. Instead of a blow he had received kindness. Kindness. New and loftier emotions stirred within him; he tried to speak, to utter words that ; would convey his gratitude to the mate; he could only stand and stare mutely. Nor was that dumb look, mirroring his deepest and most profound emotions, unobserved by Cardigan; it came to him as an illuminating signal-flash from The Boy's soul. "Now run along," he said, not un- kindly, opening the door. In silence The Boy passed out. As he moved through the cabin, which was faintly lit by a hanging lamp, his brain groped in a labyrinth. 