46 The Georgetown Mystery he believed, although he could'not be certain. Harley had talked of many places he had been, without attaching himself to any one particularly. He had come to Georgetown a little more than a year ago, and had always been on good terms with his employer. Mr. Jacobsen declared he was a very lik- able -and upright young man, and re- sented any inference from the prosecu- tor that he might have been responsible for the disappearance of the five thou- sand dollars. "Do you suppose he might have had friends in another city--Cleveland, for instance--who helped him rob the bank?" Dorgan pressed. "Ah, no," Mr. Jacobsen replied, dis- missing the thought. "He could not have done it. No, certainly not." "Well, boys," Thornton said when they left the bank the second time, "the case resolves itself into this: Was Har- ley murdered, and who got the money? Evidently, as Dr. Carter says,' Lewis died of heart disease in his car. He was getting well beyond fifty, and that's very probable. But something very un- usual must have happened to Harley to break his neck, and the money of course did not walk away from the bank unassisted. What caused Harley's death and who took the money?---that's for us to find out. What's the answer, Dorgan ?" Jim flung up his hands in meaning- less gesture. After visiting the house where Har- ley had roomed and where they found the landlady in sincere mourning at Harley's death, the party returned to Rockland. II. "Well, Mr. Sphinx, what do you make of it?" Thornton wanted to know when he was alone with Dorgan that evening in his office. "Has there been a murder committed ? Or two murders ? What in your opinion should be the course of the commonwealth?" The "Bulldog" did not answer at Once, but stood looking out over the public square of Rockland where the autos were massed. "We have cars nowadays where we used to have horses and buggies and hitchracks," he said irrelevantly. "Yes," Bill answered. "But we have people down here as always, the same people, with pretty much the same habits and beliefs and prejudices and loves and longings." "Yes, I guess so." "Human nature does not change a great deal regardless of the advance of civilization, does it?" "No. But what's that got to do with Georgetown ?" "I don't know, Bill. Perhaps noth- ing. What do you think ?" Thornton sat staring at him and seemed to interpret his thoughts. "You're wrong, Jim," he declared suddenly; "you're wrong." "Well, perhaps I am. But that an- cient situation--an old husband, a young wife and a young man. Why, the man who would overlook that angle of this case would be a fool. An abso- lute fool, Bill; an absolute fool." "How old do you say she is, Jim?" "A little over thirty. Do I miss it far?" "No, I guess not. I recall that she married him five or six years ago, and she could not have been very old then. She's just two or three years younger than you and I." "What were the circumstances--the reason, if I might put it that way?" "No particular reason, to my knowl- edge. Probably because she had no other offer of marriage, Jim. Such things do happen, you know." "That's probably true. Plain sort of woman, isn't she?" 