The Mystery of the Marseilles Express 125 Bailey pressed her cold fingers reas- suringly. "It was very noble--very self-sacrificing of you both. But why did you assume the blame, Monsieur Bertal?" "I," said the chemist, "his ascetic lips tightening, "was once a member of the London Bank Gang. I am an Eng- lishman, though I have lived so long in France that I have almost forgotten the fact. Nash, with Sheppard's conniv- ance, did me a great wrong--never mind what. I pretended to have for- gotten, and aided him while he was in Marseilles. But I had not forgotten-- the old scars were still open. Through him I came to know Denise, and love her as a father. I writhed impotently at his treatment of her, which, to a girl of her spirit, was intolerable. When Sheppard was killed I had reasons to believe that she had done it, though there were others just as eager. When I learned of her arrest I decided to sacrifice myself for her. I am old and of little use--while she-- Well, it doesn't matter. "Sheppard, I suppose, had infended carrying nothing on his person that would identify him if anything hap- pened. But he overlooked one of my cards. It was probably due to that that Nash believed I had killed his cousin, and in revenge sent his apaches to erase me from the scheme of things. I apolo- gize for striking you, Bailey, but I wanted them to succeed, for I am very tired of life." "Have you anything to say, Nash?" asked the agent. "Everything they've said is true," Beau growled. "But I'd like to know who killed Johnny--damn his mur- derer!" "The man who killed Sheppard thought he was you." Nash looked at Bailey with narrow- ing eyes. "Who was it? You've got me just as you caught Eddie Lenoir, and the rest of the old gang, but I'm satisfied so long as Mazie is safe. If those apaches of mine had been just a bit quicker they would have killed you, and my plan would have worked out perfectly. But they didn't. Now, the least you can do is to tell me who killed Johnny Sheppard." Bill touched a bell on the prefect's desk. Two burly gendarmes came in with a stoop-shouldered, slack-chinned man of middle age between them--the man who had annoyed Bailey with his' chatter in the Restaurant Haxo the day before. "Harry Garstairs, by God!" cried Nash, taking an involuntary step back- ward. "The murderer of John Sheppard, Beau," said Bailey quietly, "and the man whose wife and fortune you stole--" "I--I--why, I thought he was dead. How--how did you find him, Bai- ley--" "I'll admit that it was as much a matter of good luck as judgment," the agent admitted. "Every indication pointed to Sheppard having been mur- dered in mistake for Nash. In his day the Beau made many enemies, but the man who had most cause to hate him was Harry Garstairs, The case is no-, torious even yet in the criminal circles of London. But Garstairs had disap- peared--dropped out of sight entirely. He was reported to have died in Ant- werp years ago." Sheppard had been killed by someone on the train--someone in his particular car. I eliminated the three passengers --Mademoiselle Girard, Madame Ber- thier and Monsieur Robert. That should leave only a member of the train crew. I examined the roof of the car. By the scratches of hobnailed shoes, it was apparent that someone had laid there, then swung down to the steps. I 