16 The Man in the Black Mask parole, and thus preventing myself from attempting to escape? Of course, I could always retract it, but there was a cold manner about the masked leader which led me to believe that he would not hesitate a second in carrying out his threat to chain me to the wall the min- ute I did so. And, chained to the wall, I would be'worse off than I now was. On the other hand, I might break my word, of course---but even detectives respect their honor, and I have al- ways found that, in the long run, it pays to be square, even with,, crim- inals. I was aroused from my reverie by the re-entrance of the object of my thoughts. He held aside the curtain which covered the entrance to the rear of the cave through which he had gone shortly before, and gazed at me for a second, his eyes burning brightly through the holes in his mask. "Did I, or did I not, warn you not to come past this spot ?" he asked. I I shook my head in the negative. "Then let me do so now. This blanket marks the entrance to the exit of the cave proper. It is what was for- merly one of the tunnels leading off from the quarry. Scattered here and there, along its length are deep--almost bottomless--water-filled pits into which you might stumble in the darkness. A fall into one of them would mean your death. Aside from that, I do not wish to have you prying about. There are things I do not care to have you see. You understand?" I was about to make reply, but evi- dently taking my silence as consent, with another curt nod, he turned on his heel and again disappeared down the pas- sageway. As he turned, I heard a faint tinkle, and a small object fell to the floor of the cave, unobserved. I waited until I could no longer hear his footfalls on the sandy floor, then I sprang to my feet and picked it up. It was a hairpin! There was no longer any doubt in my mind as to the identity of "The Man in the Black Mask." The hairpin was con- clusive evidence that it was Joan Marne. I hated to believe it, but the facts were indisputable. I have never considered myself a woman-hater nor a susceptible ladies' man. I have known them of all races and breeds, but nevr had one impressed me almost as one pf their own number.' her position--to think that she had some good reason for her strange conduct-- only to have the face of the dying Backus flash before my eyes. She had killed him--shot him in cold blood--and gloated over it afterwards. No, try as I would I could not find a single cir- cumstance in her favor. I was loath to admit it, but I was fall- ing in love. I, a man-hunter, was in love with a murderess! Cursing my- self, the hairpin, the infernal mixup--- yes, even Joan--I hunted up my jailors and spent the remainder of the after- noon in their company, trying to forget. CHAPTER IX Supper was served in a little niche off from the main caVe. There were six men in the party, not counting mysdf, one serving as cook,. "The Man in the Black Mask" not making his appear- ance. On only one or two occasions had he ever dined with his men, they informed me, although he insisted that they be served with the best. During his absence, the members of his party were not at all reluctant in discussing him or his affairs, treating me, almost, as one of their own number. None of them, it appeared, had ever viewed his face. He had gathered them almost from the ends of the earth, pick- ing one up here, another there--always 