80 The Tell-Tale Band of Yellow answer, "but there's one little thing you've overlooked--there's one flaw in your argument: we'll suppose Master- man, or whoever it was got into the warehouse--breached the wall--rolled in the tank--and let out the gas with a blowpipe. Well and good. Then, how do you account for the fact that the murderer--if- there was a murderer-- was not himself gassed? You know what chlorine is, Dave---no--it was just an accident--that's all there is to it." Gunson's jaw set stubbornly. "I can't answer that, Inspector," he said-- "I'm not going to try--just now--but as sure as--as Duster Joe Masterman came out of stir when his time was up --Jim Sinsabaugh was murdered--and you can't make me believe anything else." He rose, his face grim with purpose. "You'll give me a week--working alone?" he questioned. "That's all I'll ask---a week--no more." By way of answer the grizzled inspec- tor bowed his head. Sinsabaugh had been one of his best men. He liked Gunson. "Go to it, my boy," he said heavily, "and--good luck." * * * * Gunson took his leave. But there was one thing he had neglected to men- tion to Inspector Murchison; a small thing, if you will--but a clue which had furnished him with an idea--a some- thing he had observed at the house on Varick.Street on the day of the explo- sion as the firemen had issued from that house of death. This he had kept to himself, but time was precious. A day might be too little--or too much. IV Chicken-Foot Darragh reclined against the bar at Gaspipe Looie's. At Looie's you can still purchase a pretty fair quality of hooch for four bits even now, and the snowbird brigade makes it a headquarters, too. Darragh, his head wagging foolishly, his loose lips mouthing his words, re- tailed a story for the twentieth time, half to himself, half to a saturnine in- dividual with a predatory nose and a straight gash for a mouth who had for some reason, bought Darragh a drink. "Here's luck," said Darragh. "Well --as I was sayin' ... I seen this ghost, or whatever it was, as I was goin' in th' basement door. It looked like---it looked like--" He paused--shivered--drained his glass. "Yes?" prompted his new friend. "Like what, bo ?" He spoke in a friendly tone, yet like velvet over steel, but if Darragh could have seen his face--the look in the deep-set, implacable eyes--his whistling breath might have ended in a sudden gasp. But he did not. "Why--why--like a dog--a pig, Mister," he replied. "I seen it--sure--- but--I dunno." His head wagged, his eyes glassy with his potations. He fumbled again with his loose lips, muttering inarticu- lately. The stranger cleared his throat --then he spoke in a carrying voice! "You had 'em sure, bo," he asserted. "Th' jimmies-- you'll be seeing pink monkeys and green elephants next if you don't keep your feet down--I'll say so." He glanced about the room. "Guess you're right, mister," mumbled the derelict, without offence. "I had 'em bad, sure enough." And then, with an abrupt, drunken stubbornness: " 'Twuz Dago red wine--I ain't never seen things with Dago red wine, Mister--it was there ... I seen' it--it moved-- 