58 Told in Glass At the comer of the street he trav- ersed he boarded a surface car. He rode twelve blocks and transferred to a cross-town car. The second car took him as far as Harrigan Avenue, where he alighted. He continued east, tread- ing a labyrinth of side streets that emptied like sewers along the water- front. Where the river's breath was damp, foul and cold, Blumfeld turned south. A few minutes later he en- tered Christopher Square by its west termination. He passed the social club where he had sat and talked with Big Harry. The strains of jazz crept out through lighted windows. Evidently a dance was in progress. He wondered if it was all right to stop off for a hooker of illicit whiskey. He decided not to and quickened his step as if to outpace temptation. When the ten thousand dollars of Old Man Johnson's was his he could buy a hundred cases of hootch. He could fill a tub full of rye and bathe in it if he so desired. The pleasant stream of imagination he floated down emptied him into the bayou of Broken Dreams. He shook himself, as he sighted his destination. The hanging sign of the inventor loomed before him--the black area- way of the basement shop which was as dark as the inside of a pocket. Blumfeld made sure his movements were not being observed and squatted down. He looked into the shop as far as he could but saw no trace of any light. Arising, he surveyed the Square. Music still seeped out. from the club. No loiterer shuffled through the shad- ows. He descended the areaway stairs. The door he had opened earlier in the evening confronted him. Quick inspec- tion told Blumfeld it was locked and bolted on the inside in such a way as to make forcing it impossible. He mut- tered a curse and crept down the area- way. He climbed a fence and dropped down into an alley that fringed the building. He came upon the single window of the shop and drew a breath of satisfaction when he found the top pane was lowered an inch or two. It was the work of a minute to draw the lower sash up, swing quietly across the sill and step down onto the floor of the store. So much accomplished without mis- hap, Blumfeld grew cautious. Old Man Johnson was an inventor. It was likely he had rigged up some device that would make known the presence of an intruder. Blumfeld knew he would have to be wary or he would stumble into a snare. He opened the blade of a large, heavy knife and felt his way to the door that opened into the living rooms beyond. Twice he stubbed his foot on some bit of metal lying about. He reached the door with- out accident otherwise and felt about the frame. At first he discovered noth- ing, then as he dug his nails into the plaster he found the presence of a number of fine, silk-covered wires. He cut them one at a time and dropped a hand to the knob of the door. It opened at his touch with scarce a creak. Blumfeld passed into stark blackness perfumed with the reek of a kerosene lamp. Its odor took him carefully across the room. He discovered the location of the lamp and felt its chim- ney. Its warmth told him it had been extinguished only a short time. Blumfeld turned slowly. He must learn if this room was the bedchamber of the inventor or not. He longed to kindle a match, but knew its glare would betray him if Johnson was awake. He began to step forward, lay- ing his hand against the furniture it encountered. He touched a chair and a small table, but they told him noth- ing. He had no way of knowing where 