The Mystery of the Marseilles Express 117 screamed. Monsieur Robert woke up, and asked me what was the matter. But I fainted-- "A peculiar case," said the prefect; "we have absolutely no clue. If mon- sieur would help--" Bailey nodded. "I'll be glad to. It is necessary for me to cable the chief at once, but I will return and do all I can. Though I hope we can catch the mur- derer of Beau Nash, he has certainly done the world no harm in ridding it of that gentleman." Once more on the Rue Cannabiere, the American paused. He would prob- ably be ordered home very shortly, and in the short time left him he would have to persuade Denise to marry him and accompany him to America. . Though he had known the girl for almost a year, he knew little or nothing of her family and antecedents. She was very beautiful, apparently had sufficient money for all her needs, was well edu- cated and well bred. Also, she found it necessary to make trips to Paris every two weeks. That completed Denise Gi- rard's dossier so far as William Bailey was concerned. It was sufficient that he loved her. He walked as far as the Cours Saint Louis. There he swung aboard a tram- car, and after fifteen minutes' ride dropped off opposite the marble gran- deur of the Palais Longchamp. Denise's apartment was very near. Pondering there in the June sunshine as to the best course he should pursue, Bill Bailey received the greatest shock of his eventful life. Denise came down the steps of her house, arm in arm with Beau Nash! The drooping mustache, the graying yellow hair was that of the corpse who lay on the slab in the mortuary of the prefecture of police. And who could doubt from the stately and dangerous walk, from his eyes--so ice-cold, so fire- hot--from his deadly air of a bravo of fortune, that Nash was very sure of himself. Apparently the pair did not see him. They walked down the street, talking earnestly. Bailey shook off his numbed surprise, and followed them. A question kept hammering in his brain. What was Denise doing with the Beau ? What pos- sible connection could his little sweet- heart have with the most notorious criminal in Europe? Ill Bailey could have arrested Nash then and there, but the human instinct to find out what Denise was doing with this man overrode his first impulse to take the fellow into custody. They were in no hurry, made no effort at concealment, and Bailey, sheltered by the flowing stream of pedestrians, kept within easy reach of them. At length they turned into the Place Moreau. It was market day, and even though late in the afternoon, the square was crowded. Sabots clattered on the cobble-stones; hogs squealed, ducks squawked; red-faced peasant women shouted prices for their fish and fowl and vegetables. Here wandered a steel helmeted poilu or a brown Tommy, there a pigeon-chested gendarme, flecks of color in the dull mass. As Bailey started to cross the square three men stepped in his path. They were Parisians, of Montmartre or the outer boulevards. The cut of their clothes, a swagger from the hips and an unhealthy color proved that. They stopped him effectively without appa- rently attempting such a thing. "Hello, American," whined one. "We desire only the small courtesy of a match." "I'm in a hurry," Bailey snapped, thrusting the spokesman to one side. "Get out of the way." Every bit of color fled from the 