The Man in the Black Mask 23 Before he could continue, there came a glad scream from the masked man who was bending over the dead leader, and Joan Marne, her mask falling from her face, threw her arms about her uncle's neck, sobbing with happi- ness. "Hands up! All of you!" From every direction armed men poured into the cave, surrounding us, menacing us with their guns, taking us all prisoners. And, at their head Was the man who had given the terse com- mand--Innis, the company attorney--- the man I had suspected of being the "Man in the Black Mask" himself. He stepped over to me and seized me by the hand. "Congratulations, Larson," he said. "Burke got your letter, but we had already paid over the money. How- ever, we'll probably be able to recover it, for I see that our masked mystery is dead, and it's probably hidden about the cave somewhere. How in the world did you smuggle the note out, and why didn't you send it to Grimes or me instead of a white-livered calf like Burke ? The mere fact that you sent the warning to him scared him half out of his wits. It's a wonder he gave it to me at all--the sneaking, little coward!" "Burke--letter?" I muttered dazedly. "Why I sent no letter to Burke or any- one else. I've been held a prisoner here ever since yesterday afternoon. I've had no opportunity to send a letter to any One." Both Grimes and the attorney crowd- ed up to me. "But he said you did," Grimes chattered excitedly. "Bless my soul, if it hasn't got me puzzled." "You and me both," answered Innis. "But, at any rate, our masked black- mailer has been laid low. Let's un- mask him and see what he looks like." Stepping over to the dead man, he jerked the mask from his face and dis- closed the features, now cold in death --of Jimmy Burke, the coward! CHAPTER XIV That night, with the assistance of Innis, who was acting as state's at- torney during the absence of his part- ner, I succeeded in clearing up the mys- tery. Joan and Grimes accompanied us to Burke's residence, where, among the papers hidden away in his desk, we found the diary which not only showed the part he had played,, but implicated the cook at the Grimes home, as well as his various accomplices at the cave. That Burke was insane, there is no doubt in my mind, although Innis dis- agrees with me. According to the story set forth in his diary, he conceived the idea of blackmailing the chemical com- pany, of which he was a director, fully a year before he commenced the operations which resulted in his death. In many ways the man was an anomaly. With the physique of a wo- man, he possessed the heart of a lion and the ambition of a Napoleon. Raised a pampered and petted child of wealthy parents, never allowed to mingle with other children of his age, he saturated himself with literature of the blood and thunder type, enjoying in his older years that which he was de- prived of during his youth. While wandering through the hills back of his residence, he chanced upon the opening to the tunnel which led into the cave. Covered by weeds and under- brush, it had long since been forgotten even by the older residents of the place. Following the tunnel, he finally emerged into the cave. His explora- tions showed him that it had not been entered for years. Leading from the cavern, like the spokes of a wheel, were unnumerable other tunnels, crossing and recrossing each other, making a perfect labyrinth, 