24 The Man in the Black Mask for the original workers in the stone quarry--some half a century before-- had followed only the peculiar vein-like formation through the sandstone instead of blasting out the entire hole as would be done in these modern times of . high- priced labor. In every particular he had, in his dis- cussion with me, told me the truth. He did not need the money and actually, according to his diary, expected to rob his colleagues and himself, only to turn the money over to the poor. His prin- cipal idea, according to the story he left behind, was to satisfy his longing for excitement. He had laid his plans care- fully, even to the extent of bribing poor Mrs. McGrady, Grimes' motherly old cook, into bombarding her employer with the notes he had written. His piratical crew of gangsters he had recruited, as Travis had told me, through a crooked employment agency and had assembled them just as they had said. He had secured his weapons from a New York concern and shipped them by express as automobile parts. The enlargement of the silencer for the one pounder was his own idea. He was, in every particular, an odd character, filled with good and evil and love of romance; he was in many re-! spects a boy who would not grow up. Yet, what to my mind shows his mental condition, was his betrayal of his confederates. For, following the find- ing of Backus' body, the board of di- rectors had capitulated despite the pro- tests of Grimes, who suddenly became panic-stricken on Joan's account, as I will explain later, and had hoisted the white flag and, acting under instructions telephoned from what was afterwards discovered to have been a tapped wire near his residence, had left the package of money on a stump close to the tunnel entrance. The money in his possession, he had deliberately telephoned to Innis and Grimes--using his own name--giving up to them the secret of the hidden en- trance and telling them that I had writ- ten him a hasty note with the instruc- tions. Evidently, he had not been able to re- sist the temptation, however, of visiting his hidden cavern for the last time, trusting on his ability to get away be- fore the raid. That he was an actor of extraordinary power was demonstrated by his ability to assume the two charac- ters--the role of coward before his fel- low board members and the gruff, sharp-toned leader in front of his men. The money, in the original package in which he had received it, we found tucked away in the library safe. That,, following his unsuccessful at- tempt to murder me, he had deliberately planned to implicate Innis by ''planting" the lavender-scented, initialed handker- chief, was described in detail in the little book which he had so faithfully kept. He had hated Innis for years, he confessed, because of a boyish quarrel. He felt that Innis had wronged him and, looking at the world from the warped standpoint he had assumed, had never forgiven. As a result of my testimony, his con- federates were given prison terms, I being able to prove conclusively that they were accessories both before and after the fact of both the murder of the chief of police and the scheme to blackmail the factory. And thus passed into history one of the strangest criminal characters I have ever met in my long career as a criminal investigator -- Jimmy Burke, "The Man in the Black Mask." CHAPTER XV Sitting in the parlor of the Grimes home, Joan and Grimes confessed to Innis and myself the parts they had played in the strange affair. 