The Best New Mystery Books By Captain Frank Cunningham In this department THE BLACK MASK will present every month brief reviews of the best new books of detective and mystery stories, stories of the occult and stories of adventure. Needless to say, the department will be conducted without fear or favor. Only good books will be noticed. There will be absolutely no boosting in the interest of publishers. Every book mentioned may be bought at any bookstore. THE BLACK MASK will NOT receive orders. I The Unlatched Door, by Lee Thayer.--This is the rather conven- tional murder mystery story. The problem of "who killed Cock Robin" in this plot involves a New York patrician, Richard Van Loo Schuyler (get the name!), who stumbles into the wrong house one night in those old days before prohibition made such mistakes impos- sible, and finds upon the floor a beauti- ful woman who has been murdered. Of course he leaves in a hurry, but-- the secret is disclosed in next to the last chapter. * * * II Trailin', by Max Brand.--When you grow weary of mysteries, detectives, stolen jewels, and falsely accused hero- ines, and want a story of action, cow- boys, gun play and lariat throwing, here is a story that you will like. The scene is laid in the lonely hills of Nebraska. * * * III The Preventive Man, By G. V. McFadden.--Do you care for smug- glers? And do you like the romance of a dark and stormy night, silent ships that bring in stolen goods, and a mys- terious house that is locked and barred ? If so, here is a thrill or two, and a good story for the idle hours. However, I should warn you that the story takes place in the year 1830, which may or may not lead you to expect too much of those good old days. * * * IV Uneasy Street, by Arthur Somers Roche.--If you live in the Middle West you will be thrilled at this story of the night life of New York City. If you live in New York, you will be interested in reading about those things which you never see--provided, of course, that you go to bed at ten o'clock like all good New Yorkers. But there is mystery, romance, adventure, love, business, thrills, and so forth in this well-written story. * * * V The Killer, by Stewart Edward White.--This is a book of short stories and- sketches, the scenes of which are for the most part laid in Arizona and the old West. If you want to know what life in Arizona really used to be like, read the last three essays in the book that tell of hunting goats in the mountains, crossing the deserts and the 127 