34 The Unbelievable to fascinate him and he returned to it. At last he drew a small rule from his pocket and measured it with great exact- ness, noting down the measurements on the back of an envelope upon which at the same time he made a most detailed drawing. Then he said to Delaney-- "Is there any proof that this dagger belonged to Grover?" "Not as I know of. We didn't bother about that. The finger-prints were enough for us." "What did he say about it?" "Aw, of course he denied ever seein' the thing before." "Yes, he would do that," Song Kee said. * He picked up the dagger again, hold- ing it by the blade, the end of the handle thus pointed at the detective. "I wonder," he said, "why there should be all those little notches along the top of the handle?" Delaney glanced at the weapon indif- ferently. "Why shouldn't there be ? Ain't it carved all over ?" "Yes, but--" Song Kee stopped and smiled at the detective. "Maybe I'm just imagining things, Mr. Delaney," he said, leading the way from the room. Before the doorway of Police Head- quarters Song Kee paused. "Delaney," he said, "did you find any motive for the killing of this Grenville woman either by Grover--or by anyone else?" Delaney puffed at a cigar he had just fired. "Well, I figure it this way. Grover was in love with the dame. And he was what I call a 'one-woman-guy.' But the 'one-woman-one-man' stuff didn't go with Irene. Anything that wore pants and packed a wad of bills looked good to her. Grover got sore and--woof!" Delaney made an expressive gesture. "But Grover said--" "Fergit it, kid. I know what Grover said --r- but -- well--" And Delaney winked broadly. The next day Song Kee devoted to the curious pursuit of reading old news- papers. f From publication office to publica- tion office he went, going through the files of the morning and evening dailies. He himself could not have told exactly for what he was searching. But he kept on looking, and toward nightfall in a journal noted for its news of the theatri- cal , world he found an item which in- trigued him. Surreptitiously he cut it from the paper, and preserving it care- fully in his pocketbook, quietly hurried away. He journeyed uptown to his rooms. For a long time he sat motionless by the window staring unseeingly into the street. His face was as devoid of ex- pression as that of a -wooden Indian. Only his eyes were alive and they shone with a lively interest and an intense con- centration. Suddenly an exclamation broke from his lips. He jumped to his feet and with the quickness of thought changed into a dinner jacket and left. He took a taxi to the Ralston Hotel and sent up his card to Mr. Sito Okawa. After a few moments' wait, he. was asked to ascend to the apartment of the Jap~ anese attache. He found the room to which he was admitted in some disorder. Open suit- cases were on the floor. A half-packed English kit-bag stood on a chair against which leaned a strapped bundle of um- brellas and canes. In the centre stood Okawa in an embroidered jacket, smok- ing as he directed his valet in the busi- ness of packing. He came forward to greet Song Kee. There ensued an exchange of cour- tesies in which only two Orientals could seriously indulge. Then-- "My business, Mr. Okawa," Song 