The Man in the Black Mask (A Complete Mystery Novelette) By Harold Ward CHAPTER I IN accordance with the promise made to you three days ago, at exactly twelve o'clock' to-day the tower on the northeast corner of your office will be blown up. I have no desire to shed innocent blood and ask you to see that the vicinity is kept clear of workmen at that hour. "You will realise that I am under con- siderable expense and must insist that you reimburse me for the time lost while waiting for you to come to my terms. You will, therefore, add ten thousand dollars to the original sum of fifty thousand dollars asked for, for each Week the amount demanded is un- paid. "Three days from today at the hour of twelve, noon, your office will be de- molished unless you grant my demands. Later, we will discuss the question of destroying your entire factory. Let to- day's explosion be a warning to you that I do not indulge in idle threats. "THE MAN IN THE BLACK MASK" * * * John Grimes, the peppery little president of the Elkhorn Chemical Company, laid the letter on the table before him, removed his glasses, wiped them carefully, then glared at the other members of the board of direc- tors seated before him. "That is the latest sample of what I have been getting for the past two weeks, Mr. Larson," he said quietly. "We have postponed action until you ar- rived because, in my estimation, the threats are so different from those of the ordinary blackmailer that they war- rant a more than superficial investiga- tion." "Twaddle!" interrupted weather- beaten old Slocum, the senior member of the board, with an angry snort. "The work of a crank," declared Innis, the company attorney, suavely. "It is a waste of time to read his let- ters." Grimes ignored the interruptions. Waiting a second for the others, none of whom seemed to care to venture an opinion: "Probably no other company in the world has guarded the interests of its employes as has this one," he went on. "For that reason we have never had labor troubles of any kind. Seem- ingly, our workmen are all satisfied and I cannot bring myself to believe that it is one of them. My fellow directors do not agree with me, but I want your opinion." I chewed my cigar reflectively for a second. "I doubt if my advice will be worth much to you until I have gone deeper into the matter, Mr. Grimes," I responded. "Remember, I arrived less than an hour ago and know absolutely- nothing about conditions except what you have told me. As I understand it, you received your first communication from this mysterious blackmailer---what did you say he calls himself ?" " 'The Man in the Black Mask' " answered Grimes. "His first letter came several days 3 