BILL,YOU SURE HAVE A SWELL BUILD! DID YOU TRAIN FOR A LONG TIME ? ABSOLUTELY NOT! THE ATLAS DYNAMIC TENSION system MAKES MUSCLES GROW FAST! Here's the Kind of MEN I Build! J.G. O'BRIEN Atlas Cup Winner This is an ordi-nary snapshot of one of Charles Atlas' Califor-nia pupils. Will You Let Me PROVE I Can Make YOU a NEW Man? I DON'T care how old or young you are, or how ashamed of your present physical condition you may be. If you can simply raise your arm and flex it I can add SOLID MUSCLE to your biceps- yes, on each arm- in doubl-quick time! Only 15 minutes a day- right in your own home-is all the time I ask of you! And there's no cost if I fail. I can broaden your shoulders, strengthen your back, develop your whole muscluar system INSIDE and OUTSIDE! I can add inches to your chest, give you a vise-like grip, make those legs of yours lithe and powerful. I can shoot new strength into your old backbone, exercise those inner organs, help you cram your body so full of pep, vigor and red-blooded vitality that you won't feel there's even "standing room" left for weakness and that lazy feeling! Before I get through with you I'll have your whole frame "measured" to a nice, new, beautiful suit of muscle! What's My Secret? "Dynamic Tension!" That's the ticket! The iden-tical natural method that I myself developed to change my body from the scrawny, skinny-chested weakling I was at 17 to my present super-man physique! Thou-sands of other fellows are becoming marvelous phys-ical specimens- my way. I give you no gadgets or contraptions to fool with. When you have learned to develop your strength through "Dynamic Tension" you can laugh at artificial msucle makers. You simply utilze the DORMANT muscle-power in your own God-given body- watch it increase and multiply double-quick into real, solid LIVE MUSCLE. Only 15 Minutes a Day My method- "Dynamic Tension"- will turn the trick for you. No theory-every excerise is practical. And, man, so easy! Spend only 15 minutes a day in your own home. From the very start you'll be using my method of "Dynamic Tension" almost unconsciously every minute of the day- walking, bending voer, etc.- to BUILD MUSCLE and VITALITY. FREE BOOK "Everlasting Health and Strength" In it I talk to you in straight-from-the- shoulder language. Packed with inspira-tional pictures of myself and pupils- fellows who became NEW MEN in what I helped THEM do. See what I can do for YOU! For a real thrill, send for this book today. AT ONCE, CHARLES ATLAS, Dept. 93, 115 East 23rd Street, New York N.Y.   Charles Atlas Dept.93 115 East 23rd Street New York, N.Y. I want the proof that your system of "Dynamic Tension" will help me make a New Man of me- give me a healthy, husky body and big muscular development. Send me your free book, "Everlasting Health and Strength." Name (Please print or write plainly.) Address City..... State..... □ Check here if under 16 for Booklet A