MEET- Field &amp; Stream For over 40 years Field &amp; Stream has been America's foremost sporting magazine--edited by men whose jobs are their hobbies and contributed to by the country's top-ranking outdoor writers. In every issue you get a couple of bang-up hunting stories--upland game, ducks, geese, turkey, big game, deer, etc.: a couple of fishing stories; either trout, bass or if dozen other kinds of fresh water "babies," and shore or offshore salt-water fishing; a thrilling hunting and adventure story; a dog story, and always, practical how- to-do-it articles. And Meet Field &amp; Stream's Service Departments FISH AND FISHING Edited by Bill Schaldach. Covers the art of angling in all its branches. Every kind of fish- ing and the proper selection, use and care of every kind of tackle for each. THE SPORTSMAN'S DOG Edited by John Hightower and Freeman Lloyd. It covers the breeding, raising, training and use of gun dogs, hounds, terriers and other he-men's dogs. CAMERA QUESTIONS Edited by Lansdell Anderson. Devoted to the use of the camera in the field; in raking pictures of your hunting and fishing experiences that will give you pleasure all your life. 1001 OUTDOOR QUESTIONS A monthly Quiz department of keen interest to all who have questions concerning natural his- tory, wildlife and outdoor lore. CONSERVATION--SQUARE CIRCLE Edited by Hugh Grey. A forum for news and comment on conservation problems that there may be more game and better-hunting, more fish and better fishing. ARMS AND AMMUNITION Edited by Boh Nichols. Absolutely accurate and reliable information about every kind of rifle, shotgun, pistol and revolver; and the various kinds of ammunition for each. CAMPING AND WOODCRAFT Edited by Donald H. Cole. Dedicated to the task of teaching Field &amp; Stream readers how to take care of themselves when on the trail and under canvas. SPORTSMEN AFLOAT Edited by Henry Clay Foster. Includes all the smaller motorboats--from the cabin cruiser to the outboard. Everything you need to know about the care and use of any boat and engine within these limits is reported. TACKLING SALT WATER Edited by Kip Farrington. This department covers every type of Atlantic and Pacific salt water fishing from surf casting to heavy tackle fishing in the gulf stream and the tackle and equipment needed for all of them. HERE'S WHAT YOU WANT TO KNOW-- HERE'S WERE YOU OUGHT TO GO A department to keep sportsmen posted on the very latent in new equipment and vacation points that will save many a dollar and days of disap- pointment. All the better newsdealers and sporting goods stores have Field &amp; Stream for sale. If your local dealer does not have a copy send 20c to Field &amp; Stream, 515 Madison Ave., New York, N.Y.  144