52 ERIC HOWARD    that he was gone, she was loyal to his memory and his town. He was buried on a high hill above Chaco.  This morning, having fed her chick- ens and watered her garden and swept her house, the old lady sat down in a hand-made rocker on the porch. Never idle, she picked up some fancy work. Gazing far off across the tawny desert as it stretched toward Butte City, she saw a faint cloud of dust.  "Monday--and company comin'," she murmured. "That's strange. I'd better pick a mess of butter beans and dress a fryer or two. No tellin' who it might be. Could be one of the syndicate men, Judge, come to buy the mine." She laughed quietly. "But we won't sell. Not us! Chaco's our town and we'll hang on."  She reached for a pair of field-glasses and held them to her blue eyes.  "Bless my heart!" she said. "It's a lady. Wonder who it can be. None of the ladies in Butte like to ride any more. All soft and fat and lazy, the way town folks get. Well, whoever it is, she'll be here inside an hour. I'd best get busy."  She hummed as she worked. She had discovered, long ago, during her first years of loneliness on the desert, that if one didn't stay happy one would be miserable. That was her philosophy and it worked well.  "If you have to scrub a floor," she often said, "you'd better sing at it." She was again sitting, composed and serene, on the wide porch, with her food all ready for the stove, when the rider came up the trail. Through her field-glasses, she saw that her visitor was young and slender. The girl paused now and then to look over the deserted ghost town.  When she was dismounting, just be- low, Mrs. Gray went to the porch rail and called down, "Good mornin' to you."  The girl looked up and smiled. "Oh, good morning! You're Mrs. Gray, aren't you?"  "Nobody else. Take your horse     around back. Put him in the corral. I'll be out there in a jiffy."  "Thank you!"  Mrs. Gray liked the girl's looks. It was nice to have a visitor like her for a change, someone young and happy- looking.  "Mighty sweet face," she murmured. "Pretty auburn hair framin' it, mighty near the color of her sorrel. Looks capable, too, and not foolish, like some I can think of."  She hurried through the house and out the back door. The girl had led her horse into the corral and was now unsaddling.  "It's been a hot trip," she said, smil- ing at the old lady.  "Come on out on the porch and get cool. There's water there and some hay. Your horse'll be all right."  The girl followed her through the house to the porch, looking at the old furniture. Mrs. Gray urged her to sit down, and she herself took up her needlework. She waited quietly for her visitor to speak.  "I'm Mary Grant," the girl said, "and I've come all the way from my uncle's ranch, up near Denver."  Mrs. Gray nodded. "The Judge and I visited Denver a few times. A pretty city. We stopped at a grand hotel and we had a wonderful time. The Judge bought me a dozen silk dresses and we went to dances and theaters." She laughed to herself. "The Judge was my husband, Mary. The folks here made him judge when Chaco was a big town."  "They told me in Butte City that you live here all alone."  "Yes, I do. Bless me if I know why anybody would live in Butte when they might live in Chaco! It's my town and I like it."  The girl frowned. "I came here to meet Jerry Lansing," she said. "I couldn't believe what they told me in Butte City. Because, you see, Jerry wrote me that he was here--that he'd be waiting for me here. They said they hadn't heard of him, that there was no one around here by that name."