22 ROBERT DALE DENVER    sprees he used to go on. If Hamlin hadn't been born in a wealthy family, he'd have been put in an asylum long ago. Lately Fred Temple and his wife have said that they feared Linda, Addi- son's daughter, would go insane some- time; that she was already showing signs of it. They've brought out a nurse from the Coast to look after her. I'd say that we're living next to an insane asylum, one that has money to hire gun- men."  "Fred Temple is keeping up the feud?" asked Roane.  "Keeping it up! More than that. He's had his manager, George Threllen, hire a bunch of gun-slingers as riders. Tem- ple is an ambitious sort. I think he wants this whole country and its horses for himself and is trying to drive us out. The Cross Seven claims we've shot five of their men. That's a plain lie."  "Seems to me," remarked Roane, "all this is something for a sheriff to stop."  Gary snorted. "The sheriff! That gambler, Coulter, is strong enough in politics to keep the sheriff on the side of the Cross Seven."  Someone rode up to the house, and Ed, who had gone after his uncle, came in. "Uncle Will is up at the Sam Neils," he reported. "They've ridden to fetch him, but it'll be an hour or two before he gets here."  Roane got to his feet. "I'd better be riding back then, without waiting for you," he told Clayton Gary. "That Carvel girl is alone over there. You can come with your brother. We'll look after Tom until you come. I've told you where to find the wagon."  "I'd send one of the boys with you," offered Gary, "but the fewer of us in that country the better. Brother Will and I will get there as soon as we can. And the boys will make a search from this end for Carvel."  Roane nodded. Back through the fence closing the gorge, he shoved his horse hard. The first gray light of dawn was sifting into the canyons when he climbed finally to the mesa where he had left Jean Carvel. He used the last     strength in the horse, spurring hard over the mesa, turning off the road at last to head for the wagon.  He smelled the smoke of the fire be- fore he saw the wagon cover through the trees. Nearer he saw someone across the campfire--not one person, but two. One was the girl, her back against a high wagon wheel, holding a quirt. Back to Roane was a tall puncher, feinting to get in past the whip. The man's laughter came to Roane as he rode, an evil sort that sent a flood of primitive rage into Roane. He rode straight in, yelling, in his savage rage forgetting the carbine in a saddle scab- bard the Garys had lent him.  The man, who was a black-bearded rangy giant, swung instantly. Seeing the rider, he dropped a hand to draw the six-shooter from his belt holster. Behind him Jean Carvel flashed in to catch the man's forearm--an act that maybe saved Roane from being dumped from the saddle, as he continued to ride in, possessed with a crazy desire to deal bare-handed with the black- bearded brute.  Roaring with anger, the man--who was the Hake that had held Jean cap- tive at the attack on Dan Carvel--shook off the girl's grip. He was too late, however, to fire the six-shooter. Roane had thrown himself from his saddle, catapulting himself at the stranger as one would bulldog a steer. His hun- dred eighty pounds hit Hake full tilt, sent the man to the ground with Roane on top.  Hake's six-shooter exploded harm- lessly just before it flew from his hand to fall close to the wagon tongue.  For a second both lay still, a little dazed by the fall. Roane was the first to get up, but he had only reached his knees when Hake leaped at him like a cougar, bearing him to the ground again, this time with Roane underneath.  Roane twisted himself away and, rolling out of reach, got to his feet. Hake was up like a rubber ball also, to dive for the fallen six-shooter. Too late Jean Carvel, who had stood petri-