42 ROBERT DALE DENVER    And they were being pursued with every available Cross Seven rider.  CHAPTER IX Barbed Wire Trap  IT WAS a crazy, wild flight, with the buckboard rattling over the rocky trail, as Tom Gary's father urged the team to a lope. The three women--Jean, Linda and Nab--were keeping close behind the rig. Dusk Canyon was a deep well of shadow below, but the moon shone full on the trail making it into a road paved with silver.  A road to death, thought Roane Bran- don, as he and Andy checked their horses to drop behind the buckboard. Steadily the hoofs of the small army were hammering up the side canyon, until Roane and Andy could catch fleeting glimpses of the horsemen.  Some distance below the rim, the two calmly dismounted, tied their horses, and then hurried back down the trail, to halt on a narrow ledge where the road lay with a deep canyon on one side and a cliff on the other.  The hoofs, thudding nearer, became a rumble that resounded in the canyon like the steady roll of thunder. Then the leaders streaked around a bend and came in full sight.  "Like shootin' ducks off a pond," murmured Andy Partle, crouching with his rifle barrel resting on a boulder. "Just can't fire into 'em without givin' 'em a little warning. Except if I knowed it was Threllen and Coulter headin' that parade. Or the feller that's bossin' all this wolf pack."  They sent one warning shot, and the men pulled up at once, only to come on again, yelling savagely, sending a hot fire from their rifles. One slug tore fragments from the boulder behind which Andy Partle was squatted. Andy swore and at once opened fire. Roane followed suit.  Two men plummeted from their sad-     dles. That was enough to halt the charge, to send the riders scattering into the brush along the trail. For a few minutes there was a confused shouting below while the guns were still. More riders were coming up, until the side canyon seemed alive with men.  Then the guns opened up almost at once, for a full minute pouring a hail of shots up trail at the two that blocked the way.  Andy and Roane sent a brisk fire in return, and the firing, echoing and re- echoing within the canyon walls, made a deafening uproar. Meanwhile men were advancing afoot. The moonlight helped Andy and Roane: enabling them to make certain targets of two men who foolishly exposed themselves. That stopped the advance, and Roane took advantage of the lull to climb cat- like up a cliff. Working his way along it, he stopped only when he was above the vanguard of attackers. When the group moved forward again, Roane's rifle opened up at a short range.  A man went down, rolling out into the trail, clawing at his chest, screech- ing with pain. Bullets hammered vengefully all about Roane; he was forced to flatten out until the storm of lead ended. Soon after he rejoined Andy.  Coulter and Threllen had learned a lesson, and cagily they sent men in a wide circle that would take them be- hind the stubborn pair. That took time, and Roane and Andy used an old trick: stopping firing in the hope that the men below would think that they had retreated. The ruse worked.  "They've gone, git after 'em!" came an order in a voice Roane guessed to be Threllen's. "Git your horses and run 'em down!"  Men mounted again to ride forward, but they did not get far. The two rifles opened up again, and men flung them- selves frantically from their saddles.  This time Andy and Roane did ac- tually withdraw to their horses. Mount- ing, they rode quietly on up to the rimrock, to halt again.