88 CLIFF WALTERS   "Old Jim got him, all right!" said Frosty. And nodded, not without satis- faction, toward the sheriff, Jim Bar- clay, who was bringing an elderly pris- oner downstream.  Eileen's clear brown eyes held to the oncoming horseman. She looked at the elderly sheriff, tall, erect, rather pic- turesque in his saddle. Then her gaze focused on the prisoner, a stooped, elderly, shaggy-haired man whose feet were encased in ill-made moccasins.  Eileen said to her uncle, "Fortune seems to have followed you into this valley. You were able to buy out three homesteaders and consolidate that land into a very fine ranch. And here's Moccasin Shaw who refused to sell his little place. Now he'll--" She hesi- tated.  "Now what?" Frosty Clark asked bluntly.  She didn't answer. The two riders were close. The eyes of the prisoner, smouldering under heavy brows, burned at Frosty Clark; and Moccasin Shaw said, "You've baited a trap, Clark. You've sicced the law on me, but you'll never get my little place."  "Baited a trap!" Clark grunted. "You'd still be a free man, Shaw, free to haul beef down to Willow Grove and sell it, if you hadn't made the mis- take of butcherin' one of my yearlin's. Or maybe your mistake was in bein' caught--finally. It's hard to tell how many of my yearlin's have been--"  "Just one, I'd guess," said old Moc- casin Shaw. "One had to be killed, you know. So you'd have a fresh hide to plant on my place. But that place ain't goin' to go by the boards, go for taxes so you can grab it. No matter what happens to me. No matter how many damned lies you and any of your sneakin' riders swear to. They'll be somebody livin' at Horseshoe Springs."  "You're sellin' out?" Clark asked.  "That bothers you, don't it?" Shaw retorted. He looked at Eileen who, hav- ing ridden past Horseshoe Springs a couple of times lately, had visited with the lonely old man. To her Moccasin     said, "If you saved any money on that school teachin' job, you'd better hide it. And deep somewheres. Coyotes have good smellers, you know." He looked at Clark again.  Clark said to Sheriff Jim Barclay, "Did you trail this crooked old meat peddler down this way just so he could cuss me out, Barclay?"  "Nope," came the reply. "I just wanted to tell you and your puncher to be in town tomorrow for the hearin'."  "Who's takin' over Shaw's place?" Clark asked.  "How do I know?" Barclay replied. "Well, see you in town."  The riders continued their way. Clark grunted, went in the house. Eileen sat down on the porch bench and wondered if she hadn't better apply for another school teaching job next winter. Perhaps there was worse things than winter wind blowing its glacial breath between chinkless logs; worse things than unruly, headstrong chil- dren. . . .  "Hello there, Eileen beautiful." With a little start, the girl turned to see Turk Powell, husky, dark and very handsome, coming up the trail leading from the bunkhouse. "It's about time your guardian angel went in the house and allowed you some company you'd really enjoy."  She smiled. "It's seldom one sees handsome men who are so modest. Won't you come up and sit down? As if you hadn't started to already."  "Oh, Grandma," he retorted, smiling, "how sharp your tongue is tonight! Sharper than a skinnin' knife!"  "I'd like to know," she said, and still more sharply, "whose skinning knife peeled off the hide that was found in Moccasin Shaw's possession. The hide of a JY yearling."  Turk Powell was suddenly sober. "Your uncle tells me you're pretty much upset over this deal. Good gosh! Don't blame me for not ridin' range with my eyes shut. I'm paid to help look after JY stock. If I stumbled onto a JY hide over at Horseshoe