JUDY OF THE CIRCLE BAR 103   Thus Judy carried on, a smile on her lips, her heart frozen with dread, wel- coming the neighbors, the ranchers and their wives, their sons and daughters, their cowboys and ranch hands. She introduced Brant to them all at once, "My husband, Brant Comstock, every- body."  She watched the young fellow with only she knew what trepidation. But he played up to her lead! He carried out the deception magnificently, like the actor he was.  Soon the living room was cleared of its furniture and rugs. Old Mort Good- speed turned up his fiddle, and Bert Dawson his banjo. Together they op- ened up with Turkey in the Straw. The neighbors were dancing. Judy was dancing with them one after another; square dances, waltzes, two-steps. Brant was right in the thick of it, apparently having a grand time. And how the neighborhood girls sought for his fav- ors! Judy felt pride. She also felt jealousy.  The gay crowd had brought refresh- ments, expecting the newlyweds to furnish nothing except coffee and the dishes. Time for the midnight supper, Judy eating with Brant as if all was very right and proper--she strangely silent and preoccupied, Brant talking gaily, making a hit with the shrewd ranchers, too, even if he was a city fel- low! Mrs. Hargraves bustling about and boasting how she had been the first one to hear the news and to spread it. Darn her anyhow!  Then at last the merrymakers were gone. At last Judy and Brant were alone. He seized her shoulders roughly.  "Judy Forrest, what was back of all this?"  Judy shook herself free. "Please let me alone. I can't explain now. Perhaps I never can!" She ran to her room to hide her hot, shamed face in the pillow and let the tears run unchecked down her cheeks.  The bright July sun awakened her, for she had slept late, very late, when she had thought she could never sleep     again. In the bare and rather forlorn living room she glanced through a window and saw that Brant's car was gone!  Her breath caught in her tight throat. So she must face the music all alone. Could she ever explain to Daddy and Mother? To the neighbors? She could hear tongues clacking, could see the sly glances, the pointing fingers. She couldn't, she wouldn't face this gossip. She'd go far away from this place. Away!  Writing a note for Mother and Dad- dy was the hardest thing she had ever attempted. It would take pages to ex- plain, and she didn't want to explain anyhow. Finally in desperation she wrote:  Dearest Daddy and Mums: I love you, love you, love you. But I must leave home. Judy  After this, Judy took, not the road past the HG Ranch where that horrid Hargraves woman and Tommy lived, but the Pass trail. At length Torchy, her pony, was climbing the steep slopes of the great mountain range when Judy heard a car roaring behind her.  Torchy snorted and turned aside as the car gained the crest of the ridge and stopped. A bare-headed young man, sunburned and badly bitten by mosquitoes and gnats, sprang out of the car. "Judy!" he cried, and lifted her from her saddle.  "Oh, Brant," she choked. "You-- you followed me?"  "Yes. I found that I couldn't go away and leave you, loving you as I do, Judy honey! We'll make it real--that fake wedding and the charivari. And we'll buy us a real cow ranch and set- tle down. Shall we?"  She clung to him, all her cares and all her worries magically erased, erased by the power of love. "We'll make it real? You mean it, Brant darling?"  And the pressure of his lips on hers was the most reassuring answer he could have given her!