JUDY OF THE CIRCLE BAR 101    her chair around until she was facing Brant in the lamplight. "Why, you were interested!"  "Of course, I was. . . . And now I'll hit the hay. Good night."  Judy blew out the lamp and sat for a little while in the soft darkness, a smile on her lips and a warm glow en- veloping her. "But everyone says the course of true love never runs smooth," she told herself.  THE following morning she was again walking on air while Brant helped with the chores. He showed more skill with ranch work than should of a city fellow. He even insisted upon milking "Ornery," the bad-tempered cow who delighted in kicking and jerking, and for his stub- bornness Brant was kicked over, milk bucket, stool and all.  He helped Judy get the breakfast, and they had just finished the meal when there was a chud of hoofs fol- lowed by a metallic ring of spurs, and Tommy Hargraves was standing in the open kitchen door.  Judy's frightened eyes saw Brant's amused glance travel up the stocky body of this self-important young man. Tommy wore run-over cowhide boots, greasy overalls with a red bandanna hanging half out of one hip pocket, a faded blue shirt in need of a visit to a wash tub, leather cuffs and a slouchy black hat. This hat he did not bother to lift from tangled black hair which framed raggedly a full round face with too-small mouth and too-wide nose, and eyes that were little and dark and mean.  Judy, instantly on her feet, was in- stantly on the defensive as well. "Wh-- why, hello, Tommy. You needn't have come. I--I'm making out dandy."  "Ye-ah, I see you are." Tommy said it meaningly, and favored Brant Com- stock with a slant-eyed look.  Still with that amused smile, Brant took the situation in hand, introduc-     ing himself and shaking hands with Tommy. "I'm enjoying the fishing here--and also Judy's hospitality."  "Ye-ah. I see you are," repeating his earlier words. "A city jake, ain't you?"  Brant shrugged unconcernedly. "I suppose I might be called that. You're a cowman, I take it?"  Tommy swelled with importance. "Sure am. You from the city, Com- stock? My ma'll want to know."  Tommy's mother would indeed want to know! Judy felt rage and rebellion surging within her. Now why should this--this lout have to appear at the Circle Bar and spoil everything?  Brant, however, seemed quite unruf- fled. "That's right, Hargraves. . . . We-ell, if I'm going to hook a mess of trout for lunch I must be at it. You'll excuse me?"  Brant was cheerfully whistling There's a Long, Long Trail as he went to his tent. But Judy felt no music either in her mind or in her heart. She found her hands trembling as she cleared the table.  She felt Tommy's eyes upon her, questioning, suspicious, condemning. "Your dad and ma gone," said Tommy. "Him and you all there is on the place."  "It's none of your business! And it's all right."  "You just wait till my ma hears 'bout this."  Judy's heart leaped into her throat and choked her. She knew how gos- sipy Mrs. Hargraves could twist even the most trivial incident into the pat- tern she wished it to take. Judy be- lieved this woman's wagging tongue the most malicious thing in all the near- by world.  Tommy Hargraves, so very like his mother, was licking his lips as if al- ready gloating over the promised scan- dal. There were a few terrible mo- ments during which Judy, as if a night- mare gripped her, could say nothing. Then she heard,  "Your old dad hates tourists, city jakes and fishermen! But just the min- ute him and your ma go away, Miss