LOVE IS THE LOOT 93    breeze-whipped sparks were sailing. Then Turk Powell, his horse dripping sweat, came spurring down valley and worked like a Trojan to help.  Frosty Clark stared at the charred remains of his ranch home. He said, "I'll put Dave Mayland behind bars for this, and for the rest of his life, or kill him!"  "Mayland?" Turk echoed. "Did he do this?"  "Yes!" Clark growled.  "You can't swear that he did it," Eileen put in.  "Stop meddling! Stop tryin' to whitewash that crooked layout!" her uncle exploded. "You didn't want old Shaw jailed when Turk caught him with the goods on him. Nor maybe you don't know that Moccasin Shaw was mixed up with a wild bunch of lootin' coyotes a few years ago. One of that bunch, Wind River Doyle, was caught and wounded in Shaw's cabin at Horse- shoe Springs. Doyle, a killer, holin' up there when--"  "But about young Mayland," Turk cut in. "What makes you think he burned your house?"  " 'Cause he accused me of burnin' the Horseshoe Springs cabin. Then he rode down this way."  "You s'pose his cabin's really burned?" Turk said. "Or was it just an excuse to--"  "It's burned, all right," Clark said. "I saw it. But Mayland could've done it himself, so he'd have an alibi for this." The cowman clenched his hands. "Is your gun, and Shorty's, in the bunkhouse?"  "Yeah," Turk answered. "And I think it's time we was takin' those guns, some fresh horses, and headin' along Mayland's trail. We'll find him, all right!"  "So it's going to be murder now, is it?" Eileen spoke tensely. "A man is going to be shot down without trial!"  "Stop meddlin'!" her uncle shouted. He turned, followed Turk toward the bunkhouse.  After an instant's hesitation, Eileen     turned the slim gray horse she rode into the willows fringing the creek. A minute later she was riding fast, pick- ing up the fresh tracks of a horse traveling toward Tall Tree.  "Meddlin'!" she said to herself. "Well, if meddling can prevent mur- dering. . ."  EILEEN rode fast as she followed the tall line of trees which followed Rim Creek. Yet she was some little distance from the ranch when, rounding a bend of the stream, she came upon a solitary rider. He was staring at the ground ahead of him, and now turned quickly and dropped his hand to the forty-five slung at his hip.  "You!" said Dave Mayland, and stopped his horse.  "Don't stop," she answered. "Ride faster, get to town as soon as you can. Go to Sheriff Barclay's place and then--"  "Why?" he asked.  "So you won't be killed--or have to kill anyone else," she answered im- patiently. "My uncle and Turk Powell are going to be riding down this valley pretty soon. Too soon, perhaps. And they're carrying guns now. Oh, if you'd gone to town--gone to the sheriff in the first place, instead of stopping to set that fire--"  "I didn't set fire to anything," he interrupted.  "You can tell that in court," she an- swered. "You'll stand a better chance there than you will here in these hills. Stay in town. Don't come back."  "What's been burned now?" he asked.  "The JY ranch house."  His narrowed eyes were suddenly suspicious. "What kind of a trap is this one? I was goin' to town, but now I'm not. And who's that rider headin' for Horseshoe Springs way up there?" He pointed to a horseman disappearing from view.  "How do I know?" she said.