OUT OF THE CHUTES with Text Sherman Editor's Note: Tex Sherman, who gives you rodeo news hot off the griddle, is personally acquainted with performers and producers from coast to coast. Have you any question you'd like answered about any particular rodeo or contestant? Write Tex Sherman in care of Ranch Romances, 515 Madison Ave., New York. Be sure to enclose a stamped, self-addressed envelope, and Mr. Sherman will send you a prompt reply. The rodeo's on, folks. Here they come, "Out of the Chutes" and into the arena, Tex Sherman announcing!    WORD has just come through that Buck Jones, famous cowboy star, has died of the severe burns he re- ceived in the Coconut Grove fire in Boston. On the night of the fire Buck was at a banquet in his honor given by his friends of the stage and screen in the night club that proved a death trap for so many.  Before entering pictures, Buck was one of the top bronc-riders in the old 101 Wild West show, before rodeo put these shows out of business. Until the death of Tom Mix, Tom and Buck used to stage an annual rodeo at their grounds in Saugus, Calif. Now others will have to take up where these two grand old-timers left off. We will all miss Buck, his friends in the rodeo world and his fans throughout the country.  Frank Moore, taking a well earned rest with his wife out in Los Angeles, reports that, contrary to rumor, the Madison Square Garden rodeo in New York will positively be staged next year.  At the Thanksgiving Day party of the Horse Patrol of the U. S. Coast Guard, at which yours truly was a guest, Charley Barnes gave a swell exhibition of trick rop- ing that was one of the high lights of the party. Charley is well known in his home state of Georgia, where he stages many ro- deos, including those at Waycross, Macon and Atlanta. Now he's planning some Sun- day rodeos in Hollywood and Fort Lauder- dale, Fla., and other cities near where he ex- pects to be stationed for the duration. J. B. Hubbard, one of rodeo's top-hands, has     agreed to ride broncs and bulldog steers. The other boys will be from Florida's cattle country.  Hubbard is now stationed in Miami in the Horse Patrol and will likely be sent to one of the outlying posts between Miami and Jacksonville. He's already been given a rat- ing because of his knowledge of horses, and may be placed in charge of one of the barns.  The Tioga Hospital in Waverly, N. Y., has been getting plenty of business from the JE Ranch. It not only took care of the last days of our beloved Uncle Herb Maddy and Slim Welch, but it is the induction station for future cowboys and cowgirls. Among those who entered the world via the Tioga Hos- pital are the cowgirl daughters of Junior Es- kew and Jim Reaves. And lately a brand new cowboy arrived, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Lou Randolph. Dennis Carson Randolph is the future bronc-rider's name. His dad has been announcer for the JE outfit for several years.  Colonel Jim Eskew of the JE says he'll have some important news to release short-   134