These Famous COYNE Electrical Books make it EASY AS A.B.C To Get Ahead In ELECTRICITY! Coupon Brings You This Great Set- 7 DAYS FREE! EARN MORE MONEY! Now, at last, it's EASY, PRACTICAL, to get a knowledge of Electricty at home. Let this amazing new set of COYNE ELECTICAL REFERENCE BOOKS help you to prepare for a good- pay electrical job in a War industry or in the Service. You study in spare time when you have the time. First you master the EASY JOBS, then go on step by step to the more difficult jobs. Before you know it you ahve the "know-how" for making difficult repairs and handling many types of electrical equipment. For the "Beginners" or the "Old Timer" The material is written so you don't have to wade through a lot of useless theory. It comes straight to the point- gives you the facts in clear, simply, understandable lan-guage. Tells how to build, oper-ate, trouble-shoot, make repairs. Each subject is indexed so you can locate it in a hurry. Every man who wants to know Electricty- every Electrian, Maintenance man, Raido man, lineman, auto mechanic- will welcome this Coyne Reference Set. Send coupon now. Volume 1 inclues: Electro-Magnets Door Bells Burglar Alarms Telephones Housewiring Trouble Shooting Airport Lighting Armature Winding Stator Winding D.C. Generators Switchboards Motor Repairs, etc. Volume 2 includes: A.C. Circuits Power Factors A.C. Regulators A.C. Motors Rectifiers, Controllers Generating Stations Power Transmission Line Calculations Substations Power Line Maintenance Storage Batteries, etc. Volume 3 includes: Auto Electricity Diesel Engines Elec. Refrigeration Servicing Refrigeration Sound Pictures Auto Radios Air Conditioning Radio Principles Radio Repairing Public Address Systems Cathode Ray Tubes Television Operations, etc. 43 Years of Electrical Expe-rience are packed into these big books The material in the Coyne Electrical Reference Set du-plicates as nearly as is possible in book form, the prac-tical "Learn-by-Doing" training given in the famous shops of the Coyne Elec-trical Schoool. The same expert instruc-tors who have trained thou-sands of men in the Practical Electricity have written these books, under my per-sonal supervison. They fol-low exactly the same series of steps, going from ad-vanced stages precisely as they would take you if you were right here in my school. These men know Elec-tricity throughly. They know how to teach it in an easy, understable way. They don't expect you to be a scientific wizard or a col-lege graduate. HUNDREDS of PICTURES AND DIAGRAMS! HUNDREDS OF SUBJECTS! Free wtih books if you act now! 1 Year of Expert help from the Coyne Staff of Instructors Act now and I'll include certificate entitling you to Tech-nical Service by mail for one full year when you purchase this set. This means you can get special, individual consul-tation from the Coyne Staff of Instructors on any of your special Electrical or Radio problems, without charge. See Books 7 Days Free! Send Coupon H.C. Lewis President Coyne Electrical School 500 S. Paulina St. Dept. 33-K3 Chicago, Illinos These books are available only through Coyne. Mail Coupon Now! Used by Hundreds on the Job After you have read the books and completed your training keep them where you can refer to them in your daily work. Right now, hundreds of skilled electricians make it a habit to keep their Coyne Electrical Ref-erence Set handy on the job. It can help YOU build a reputation as a man who "knows his stuff." Not only does this amazing set include Radio and Tele-vision- it gives you, first, a foundation of electrical knowl-edge you must have to under-stand Radio. You can't hope to succeed in Radio without a thorough knoweldge of Electricity. SEND NO MONEY! I'm so sure you'll never part with this set, once you see it and examine it in your home, that I want to send it to you on 7 day FREE TRAIL. Just fill in and mail the coupon to me TODAY- in an envelope or pasted to a penny postal card- and I'll rush the books postage paid. Look them over at your leisure. See the hundreds of pictures, the wealth of information. Note the handsome red and gold leatherette binding- the large, easy-to-read type. Then if, after one week you don't agree they are the best Prac-tical Electrical Books you ever saw regardless of price, send them back and you won't owe me a penny. I'll even refund the money you spend for postage to return the books. If you are satisfied with the books, then send $3 and $3 a month until the low price of $12 is paid.   H.C. Lewis, Pres., Dept. 33-K3 Coyne Electrical School 500 So. Paulina St., Chicago, Ill. Send me, postpaid, the big 3-volume Coyne Electrical Reference and In- struction Encyclopedia. Within 7 days after receiving the books, I'll either re-turn them or send you $3, and $3 a month until advertised price of $12 is paid. Name Address City.....State..... Occupation.....Age..... Save 10% send cash price, $10.80 with $1.20. Same 7-day free trail and return privilege.