WYOMING SENORITA    scornfully to Roy. "Just because you're in love with Dolores, you don't have to lose all your wits! I don't want a soul to know Dolores has disappeared. I want Art Sampson to come there to- night to the Double Bar X for her."  "And what's happening to Dolores in the meantime?" Roy groaned. "I don't give a damn about Art Sampson! I want to know what could have hap- pened to Dolores if Art hasn't carried her off! My God, we can't just wait--" He broke off suddenly, staring at some- thing bright on the ground under a thicket, then made a pounce for it.  "My God!"  He straightened up, his face drained of color, his hands trembling as he held out a small, gaudily colored match box. It was smashed down at one end, but still had in it tiny wax tapers.  The sheriff took it curiously. "What's that?"  "Don't you see?" Roy's voice was scarcely recognizable. "There are only two places you can buy those wax matches. Spain or Mexico. Diego is I the one who has kidnaped Dolores!" His face hardened to an iron, expres- sionless mask. "I'm going after her."  Tom Crawford seized his arm as he started away from them. "Wait a min- ute, Roy! You don't know--"  "I do know," Roy's voice was as ex- pressionless as his face. "Diego is the only other answer, if Art Sampson and his gang are clear. Diego's taken her back to California. I am going after her."  CHAPTER XXVI Spanish Californian Hospitality  THE next forty-eight made Roy feel that he had aged a correspond- ing number of years. From the moment that he left Jerry and the sheriff and plunged to the trail, every-       BEAUTY LOVE, Etc. Round the World World's Greatest Collection of Strange &amp; Secret Photographs Now you can travel round the world with the most daring adven-turers. You can see with your own eyes, the weirdest peoples on earth. You witness the strangest customs of the red, white, brown, black, and yellow races. You attend their stratling rites, their mysterious practices. They are all assembled for you in these five great volumes of The SCERET MUSEUM OF MANKIND 600 LARGE PAGES Here is the world's Greatest Collection of Strange and Secret Pho- tographs. Here are Exotic Photos from Europe, Primative Photos from Africa, Torture Photos from Asia, Female Photos from Oceania and America, and hundreds of others. There are almost 600 LARGE PAGES of Strange &amp; Secret Photographs, each page 57 square inches in size. 1,000 PHOTOS You see actual courtship practiced in every quarter of the world. You see magic and mystery in queer lands where the foot of a white man has rarely trod. You see Oriental modes of marriage and female slavery in China, Japan, India, etc. Thorough the intimacy of the cameras you wit-ness the exotic habits of every con-tinent and the strangest customs of life and love in America, Europe, etc. You are bewildered by these large pages of ONE THOUSAND PHOTO-GRAPHS, including 130 full-page photos, and thrilled by the hundreds of short stories that describe them. Contents of 5-Volume Set Volume 1 The Secret Album of Africa Volume 2 The Secret Album of Europe Volume 3 The Secret Album of Asia Volume 4 The Secret Album of America Volume 5 The Secret Album of Oceania 5 PICTURE-PACKED VOLUMES The SECRET MUSEUM OF MAN-KIND consists of five picture-packed volumes (solidly bound together for convenient reading). Dip into any one of these volumes, and as you turn its pages, you find it difficult to tear yourself away. Here, in story and unusual photo, is the WORLD'S GREATEST COLLECTION OF STRANGE AND SECRET PHOTO-GRAHS, containing everything from Female Beauty Round the World to the Most Mysterious Cults and Cus-toms These hundreds and hundreds of large pages will give you days and nights of thrilling instruction. [Specimen Photos] Dress &amp; Undress Round the World Various Secret Societies Civilized Love vs. Savage Strange Crimes, Criminals, Omens, Totems &amp; Taboos Mysterious Customs 1,000 Strange &amp; Secret Photos SEND NO MONEY Simply sign &amp; mail the coupon. Remember, each of the 5 Volumes is 9 1/4 inches high, and, opened, over a foot wide! Remember also that this 5-Volume Set formerly sold for $10. And it is bound in expensive "life-time" cloth. Don't put this off. Fill out the cou-pon, drop it in the next mail, and receive this huge work at once. FORMERLY $10 NOW ONLY $1.98 For the complete 5 Volume Set All Five Volumes Bound Together   Mentro Publication, 50 W. 17th St., Dept. 1903, New York Send me "The Secret Museum of Mankind" (5 great volumes bound together). I will pay postman $1.98, plus postage on arrival. If not delighted, I will return book in 5 days for full refund of $1.98. Name Address City.....State..... CHECK HERE if you are enclosing $1.98, thus saving mailing costs. Same Money-Back Guarantee. Canadian Orders-$2.50 in Advance.     Please mention NEWSSTAND FICTION UNIT when answering advertisments 127