64 AUSTIN CORCORAN    the teams and horses in the street, the passing pedestrians, had a look of un- reality. "Snap out of it!" he com- manded himself. "You're having a pipe dream. Remember--some fellow calls that girl ‘Martha Darling.' And that's that!"  Grinning wryly, he stepped off at a brisk pace. But the girl in the post office continued to haunt the edges of his mind. And vainly he reminded himself that it was none of his business who had written the letter that brought the blush to her cheek. Probably if he saw her again, his impressions would be quite different. No girl was as re- markable as he remembered this one.  As noon approached he felt an in- creasing urge towards the hotel. Final- ly he whirled and strode rapidly in that direction. It was the best place in town to eat, he excused himself, and he was going to take a room there anyhow.  Situated on a corner, a porch ex- tended across the front and down the street side of the building. Wooden chairs stood in a stiff row behind the railing but all were empty of occu- pants. Only the clerk was in the office where the wall clock assured Bill that it was nearly half past twelve. "Missed her," he thought, with rising irritation that he should feel that decided pang of disappointment.  A hurrying waitress indicated the one empty place in the dining room, a chair at a table near the kitchen door. Bill turned that way, glancing indif- ferently over the crowd. He had nearly reached the corner when he came to sudden attention. The girl was there-- on his left. She was intent on what her companion was saying and did not see Bill.  He paused briefly, sizing up the oc- cupant of the other chair at her table. The back of a longish head covered thickly with chestnut hair, a shirt of heavy amber satin, a belt adorned with wide silver conchas--of what did these remind him? He couldn't decide but he did know, at once, that he resented his presence. Martha was as interest-     ing as he had remembered--more so, Bill concluded, darting a glance that way as he slid into his chair. But what the devil was that bird saying to bring an alarmed look to her face? Now that was softening. She was startled and confused.  "Do you know that fellow in the yel- lowish shirt?" he asked the waitress who came for his order.  She nodded. "Sure--that's Van Car- ter," she replied. "And Martha Leeds is with him. I guess they'll be gettin' married soon. She's a smart girl if she gets Van to settle down."  Van Carter! Bill's mind was churn- ing wildly. "Of course--he was wear- ing that same outfit last night in Hano- ver, when I saw him with the blonde. So this is the important business he had on today," Bill thought, boiling with anger as he unobtrusively studied Mar- that Leeds and considered what he knew of young Carter.  He scarcely noticed when his din- ner was set before him and when the sash curtain on the window at his right blew against his cheek, he struck at it with positive savagery. "Wish it was Van's head I punched, the damn sneak! Making up to a girl like that, at the same time he's got that sweet little Watson kid to thinking he's all for her!"  He noticed that Martha ate almost nothing. She appeared worried and ex- cited, her color fluctuating rapidly. When they rose from the table Van slipped a hand through her arm with proprietary assurance. Bill was tre- mendously pleased at the dignity of her carriage, an aloofness which discounted her companion's manner.  Again Bill's anger boiled high as he recalled the "Martha Darling" in what was likely Van Carter's bold script, and he stabbed furiously at the food on his plate. He was oblivious to footsteps on the porch outside the window until aroused by an unmistakable contralto saying, "It's too dreadfully important, Van, to make such a quick decision. And when Dad feels as he does--"