WYOMING SE[Ñ]ORITA 123    faced and made for the shelter of the woods again.  "It's Jerry!" Bill exclaimed, but not before Roy had done his own recog- nizing of the flying figure. Even before Bill had the words out, Roy was off the porch, in his saddle and giving chase. It was a matter of minutes only when, by a clever outflanking movement, Roy caught up with Jerry and grabbed his horse's bridle.  "Let go!" Jerry's voice broke on a high adolescent squeak. "Let go, I say! I'm not going to see the sheriff! I'm not--"  Still holding the horse's bridle with one hand, Roy reached out and caught Jerry's upraised arm with the other. "What do you know about Dolores' kidnapping?" he shot out.  "Dolores! Kidnaped!"  Even Roy had to admit that the hor- ror and surprise in Jerry's echo were genuine. The color drained out of the boy's face, and his brown eyes grew round and terrified.  "You come back and come clean with anything you know." Roy dropped Jerry's arm, his mouth grim and his eyes hard. "It's damn well time you ran into the sheriff!"  He made no attempt to answer Jerry's hysterical questions, but, his hand still on the bridle, brought both horses back to the porch at a fast trot.  "I have a hunch Jerry can give us some clue about Art Sampson," Roy declared sternly, his hand on Jerry's arm as they came up onto the porch. "Spill it!"  At the mention of Art Sampson's name Jerry sagged. Abject terror was in his voice as Roy jerked him relent- lessly forward.  "No! No! I don't know a thing about Art Sampson! I--" His eyes grew wild with the sudden memory of what Roy had said about Dolores; words which, obviously, had been driven out of his head by his subsequent fright. "Do- lores!" he gasped. "You don't--you don't really think she's kidnaped?"  "What do you think?" the sheriff's     voice was like the lash of a whip. "She promised to stay here. And she has been missing since yesterday after- noon. If you had been home, instead of--"  Jerry cut him short with a wild sob, "Don't! I'll tell everything I know-- everything. If Art Sampson has done anything to Dolores I don't care what he does to me! I'll tell everything I know!"  CHAPTER XXV Jerry Comes Clean  GET some brandy in the cupboard in the living room!" Bill Granby's voice was tragic in its depths of despair, but steady as a rock. He put a hand on Jerry's arm, where the boy had col- lapsed in a chair beside him and was sobbing hysterically. "I'm standing by you, Jerry," he went on, "no matter what you've done. But you've got to come clean, son, right from the begin- ning. It may lead to our finding Do- lores."  Some of Bill Granby's strength seemed to flow into Jerry, and he made a desperate effort to control himself. He gulped down the brandy Roy brought him, shuddered, then threw back his head and looked straight into his father's eyes.  "I'll come clean," he said. "Art will kill me--or worse--but I don't care!"  It was a sordid story, the beginning of Jerry's association with the sabotage ring, and the faces of Roy and the two older men grew even more grim as they listened. Tom Crawford made notes from time to time of what Jerry was saying, his excitement growing until he could no longer hold it in.  "By God, I've got enough here to get Art Sampson without needing any girl to testify about recognizing his voice! You needn't worry about what he'll do to you, Jerry. I'll have him in a good