124 MARIE DE NERVAUD    safe place, until he's sent to a safer one!"  "When you catch him. you mean!" Roy reminded him grimly. "Go on, Jerry. Do you know any hide-outs they might have taken Dolores to?"  "I've just come from their principal one," Jerry answered. "She wasn't there last night, that's one sure thing. When I heard the sheriff was coming out here," he threw a frightened, side- long look at Tom Crawford, "I reck- oned I'd better 'light out. Ever since I heard Bronc Kenyon had been caught with those papers on him, I've been about crazy. I knew Joe had given those papers to Bronc, when Joe decid- ed to vamouse. If the sheriff had read them I knew, too, my goose was cooked all right, because my name was there in connection with last week's raid." He gulped when he saw his father wince under these words.  "I know," he went on miserably, "I know how you feel, Dad. But by play- ing in with Art, at least I was saving our herds. They would have gone the way of the rest, if I hadn't."  "How do you figure that?" his father asked.  "Why, Art Sampson himself, when he got me in to this, promised that the Double Bar X herds wouldn't be raid- ed! He said I was protecting you by playing in with him, not only now, but later. He said I was carving out a big future for myself when he and his ring took over the cattle industry of the country after the war was over."  "Oh, he did, did he?" The sheriff growled, "And you swallowed that?"  "You'll have to swallow it, too, be- fore long!" Jerry retorted, a flicker of spirit showing through his abject des- pair. "You're all living in a fool's para- dise, figuring the U. S. is going to win this war. Art Sampson is smart enough to know we can't win it, and he has lined himself up with the ones that are going to come out on top. After the Axis has beaten Europe and Asia to a standstill--and Art has inside informa- tion that it won't be long now!--we'll     have to do things their way. They've got key men all picked out to take over the different industries in this country. Art Sampson will handle all the cattle ranges in Wyoming and Montana, and those of us who have helped him will be--"  "The damn swindling liar, filling kids up with stuff like that!" Bill Granby's rage burst all bands of con- trol. "I'd like to get my two hands on him!"  "Shut up, Bill!" The sheriff or- dered tersely. "What more did he say, Jerry?"  "He said helping to end the war quickly was being more patriotic in the end than dragging it out. He said the sooner there wasn't enough for our Army to eat, the sooner they would stop fighting. He said--"  "I don't give a damn what he said!" This time it was Roy who broke in. "Where's Dolores? My God. every min- ute we're talking--"  "You're right," the sheriff agreed. "If you'll just be patient a minute, I'm coming to that. Who was in the hide- out, Jerry? Anyone?"  Jerry's face got even paler, if that were possible. "Yeah." he groaned. "Bronc Kenyon was there. He"--a shudder ran over him--"they gave him the third degree for being caught with those papers on him."  "They said if Cal hadn't got the papers back--" Jerry clapped his hand over his mouth with a stricken realiza- tion of what he had given away. "No, he didn't say that!" he cried wildly. "He didn't say that! I'm getting mixed. He said--"  "Never mind making anything up, Jerry." The sheriff's eyes gleamed. "You've given us the name of the kill- er of my deputy. Now go on!"  "I haven't!" Jerry sobbed, but his father's stern voice cut off his rising hysteria.  "Do you want us to find Dolores? What else did Bronc say?"  Dolores' name had a bracing effect on Jerry's break in control. "I'll do any-