GHOST TOWN LADY 57    deputy sheriff, Tom Barnes. Oh, Jerry!"  "Get away from him! He got what he had comin', sneakin' in here. Work- in' for the mine comp'ny, tryin' to stop me from gettin' what belongs to me. The next time I hit him, I'll cave his skull in."  He caught Mary by the arm and pulled her away from the man on the floor.  The girl sobbed and said, "Oh, Jerry, what has happened to you?"  He didn't bother to answer that. Mrs. Gray slipped into the room, swiftly moved along the wall. She knelt beside Tom Barnes. She found a knife in his pocket and cut the ropes that bound him. She put her hands on his head. Close to him, she whispered: "Tommy! Tommy, you must--"  "Sh!" he warned her. "Thanks. I'll take him now. Here's some matches. Wood over there. Get a fire goin', so I'll have some light on him."  "Careful. Tommy! He's armed and dangerous."  The deputy pulled his knees up, shook his head. He slowly got to his feet. Across the room, Mary was sob- bing almost inaudibly. Jerry Lansing was putting a bridle on his horse.  Tom Barnes moved across the floor. He heard the girl gasp as she saw him. Then he leaped. He got his left arm around the other man's neck; his right hand closed on Lansing's wrist. He bent him over backwards. Lansing choked and muttered, then, to free him- self from Tom's hold, dropped to the floor. But the deputy sheriff clung to him and they rolled over and over, fighting hard.  Mrs. Gray pulled dry bark from ce- dar wood and applied a match. A flick- ering flame played over the damp walls of the timbered room.  "Take him, Tommy boy!" she urged.  "Mrs. Gray!" Mary gasped. "You--"  "Come over here, honey," the old lady said. "I heard a lot of what he told you. And if I ever heard a man lyin', he's it. That story of his is plain     fishy. If he struck it rich, Tom said how--by robbin' a bank! Leave him to Tommy!"  But Tom Barnes wasn't proving ade- quate to the task of subduing Lansing. The latter outweighted him by some twenty pounds. Tom's head ached from the gun-clubbing he had received. His whole body seemed stiff and awkward, refusing to obey his will. Lansing's powerful arms and superior weight were too much for him.  Knowing that he must break the clinch and get room to strike at Lans- ing, he exerted his full strength and broke away. In a stand-up fight, his skill and quickness would serve him well. He leaped back from Lansing as the latter jumped up. Then Tom charged, striking out with left and right.  Lansing did not meet his rush. In- stead, he retreated. Mrs. Gray had added light wood to the small fire. Now the whole room was illumined bright- ly-  Lansing backed against the wall, crouching. His hand darted down to his side. His face, dark and bitter, was twisted into a mask of rage. His gun cleared leather.  "Goin' to kill you, this time!" he muttered.  "No! No, Jerry!" Mary cried.  She started toward him. But a gun spoke before she had taken more than one step. Lansing's arm, extended as he aimed at Tom Barnes, dropped to his side. The gun fell from his fingers. He stared across the firelit circle and saw Mrs. Gray. Then he looked down at his bleeding arm.  "You--" he muttered.  "Me," said Mrs. Gray with satisfac- tion. "You're not the first man I've had to shoot. But I declare I haven't felt so much like killin' one for years. The Judge always said--"  Tom Barnes suddenly lunged. A well aimed left, an uppercut, clipped Lansing on the chin. He dropped. The deputy sheriff knelt beside him, got out handcuffs and snapped them on his wrists. Then he rolled up Lansing's