MAN FROM BLUE RIVER 83    the carriage of his head, frightened her.  "Mike! Wait!"  He did not turn or pause and she ran after him. If he went to Pat Ransome with whatever story had been repeated to him.... But who could have thought of such an ugly little tale? Only a few people knew that she had met Ransome, but one of those people was Tom Knox.  Harvey turned into the main street and when she reached the corner he had disappeared. The crowds got in her way and the street before Ransome's headquarters was almost impassable. But finally she worked her way to the doors and asked the nearest man: "Is Dr. Harvey here?"  "Yeah, just came a few minutes ago."  A gun crashed from inside the build- ing and the crowd broke in panic. Those who had been jamming the en- trance disappeared in a wild rush for safety. Faith, her legs suddenly un- steady, stumbled toward the door of Ransome's campaign office. When she got it open she saw Mike Harvey lying on the floor. Pat Ransome was stand- ing against the opposite wall, staring at the shattered window, and there was a gun in his hand. Without looking at her he said: "Take care of him. Call that other doctor." And he sprang past her, out of the room.  VI  FAITH knew, as soon as she knelt beside Mike Harvey, that he was dying. The floor was stained with blood seeping from his chest and he was breathing in hard, choking gasps. She began to call, shril- ly, for help, but the men who had run for cover were already streaming into the room. "Get Dr. Adair!" she cried. "Hurry!" She looked around wildly for help.  "Someone's already gone for him," a man grunted. And staring down at Mike, he added: "Looks like this fin- ishes our reform government before it     got started. Ransom'll be elected to a noose."  "Out of the way," a voice snapped. "Let the doctor in."  They shuffled back, and white-haired Dr. Adair bent over Mike. "Fix up some kind of stretcher," he said. "Take him to my place. I'll have to operate."  "Then he's--" Faith's voice broke. "He's dying?"  "I don't know. He's in bad shape. Please leave, young lady. You shouldn't be here."  Someone led her to the door and then the sunlight was spilling hotly over her as she walked along the rough side- walk. Mike was dying. . . . And Pat Ransome? He had not looked at her or noticed her when she found him standing over Harvey with a gun in his hand. If he had shot in self-defense. . . . But Mike never carried a gun.  Her steps slowed sharply, and part of the weight which had crushed down on her when she saw Mike lying on the floor of Pat's office disappeared. "Why, of course," she told herself, speaking aloud. "Tom Knox did this, that's what he meant this morning! If his gang had killed Pat, it might have ruined him politically. But this way is safe. Ransome will be tried for mur- der."  She went on again, more lightly. There was some way that she could make the truth known. Not to anyone in Lawrence, where every official took orders from Tom Knox. But she would get word to Washington, would go there if necessary!  The house seemed very quiet as she entered, but passing the door of the liv- ing room, she jerked to a halt. A man was turning away from the windows, moving toward her. A tall man whose eyes were the color of gray, minted metal. She stepped into the room and closed the door.  "Mike Harvey may be dying and everyone believes you shot him."  "Yeah." The expression of his face did not change. "I figured on that."  "What are you going to do?"