76 MARIAN O'HEARN    his political gang is in town to look over the nominee. The boys have great times on the taxpayer's money."  The space in front of the hotel was almost impassable, for hundreds of men had wedged themselves into the street to stare at the office holders. As Faith and her father neared the doors, the crowd thrust back to make an opening for a group of men emerging from the hotel. They were shouting with laugh- ter and one of them, pausing on the steps, called to the crowd: "You know old Judge Foster, boys? Well, we just found out he tried to kiss one of the hotel chambermaids this morning. We're giving him a trial by kangaroo court. All we need is the accusing wit- ness."  "Won't find any witnesses this time of the night!" someone shouted back. "The women in this town stay inside after dark!"  The merry roisterer on the steps of the hotel made a large gesture. "Find someone. Got to be girls around." He paused, stared down at Faith, and then roared: "There's one! Bring her in. She can accuse the judge. Make it good, girlie, make it hot! He'll have a time tonight."  The politicians' companions charged down the steps and Faith's father pushed her behind him. "Are you all crazy?" he demanded. "Not even Tom Knox's hired men would do this."  "Ah, get out of the way. We're not going to harm her." One of them swept the girl off her feet, and when Anthony Byers tried to stop him shoved the old minister back against the crowd.  Faith tried to twist free and, failing, struck wildly at the man's face. But he changed his grip so as to hold down her arms and continued, with much laughter, up into the lobby.  There was a roar of amusement as he staggered across the lobby carrying the struggling girl and someone pushed open the doors to the main floor ban- quet room.  "Here's our witness!" He set her down in a room thick with smoke and     filled with half-drunken men. "Get the trial going, gentlemen! We'll see whether Judge Foster can insult the womanhood of Lawrence."  Faith put her hands on the back of a chair to steady herself and drew a long, careful breath. Somehow, she would hold back the blazing anger which made her want to strike out at the men around her.  The man at the head of the table was a big, once-powerful figure with an old young face. His jaw was soft with wadded fat and too much flesh drooped down over his small dark eyes. Tom Knox, the political boss of Lawrence, who was said to steal a million dollars a year from the taxpayers and make them like it, was grinning with delight as he gestured toward Faith with a cigar held between pudgy fingers.  Someone was ploughing toward him --and then Faith saw that it was Pat Ransome. His eyes were like no color she had ever seen and his coppery bronze skin was white. The long nar- row banquet table was directly in front of him and he leaped over it as he made for the girl's captor. She heard the ugly thud of flesh against bone as his fists struck and a man roared: "For God's sake, Pat, stop! Stop!"  Ransome's hands were on the other's throat and his face was that of a sav- age. The sight of him sent a sick hor- ror surging through the girl, but to her own surprise she ran toward him. "You'd better let him go," she said, and her high, thin words cut through the din. "You're one of Tom Knox's paid politicians too, these are your own kind."  His eyes lifted and color began to creep back into his face. He released the feebly struggling man and let him fall to the floor.  "Where's your father?" he asked through stiff, barely moving lips.  "Outside." She was already running for the door. "They may have killed him by this time."  The crowd in front of the hotel broke apart and she saw a group of men gath-