12 ROBERT DALE DENVER    wary eye on the Coulter dealers. Out- side, the pair looked at the little town, built on a slope of the monster canyon cut by the Night River. Upstream, in an enormous bend of the river, were the seven so-called Canyons of the Night: Dusk, in which the Cross Seven head- quarters lay, and four sister canyons comprising the Cross Seven range-- Dark, Twilight, Moon and Midnight. Closer, explained Andy Partle, were the two canyons, Dawn and Star, in which were the ranches of the Garys, the Neils and the McWhirters.  "Nothin' to keep us from travelin' into them canyons now--'ceptin' our good sense," remarked Andy, and the two headed for their camp.  A big flop-eared hound came out to greet Roane, leaping up on him and giv- ing one deep bark. Roane patted the black and tan hide of the animal, called Savvy because he was a smart dog with lots of savvy.  Bringing in their hobbled horses, they packed up and prepared to travel, although the sun was already swinging low over the rims.  "I don't like this trip," Andy Partle grumbled as he tightened a pack saddle cinch. "That gambler wasn't tellin' us no fairy story about how dangerous it is down there with a war on between the Cross Seven outfit and their neigh- bors in Dawn and Star Canyons. They's allus a lot o' tough cowboys ridin' them canyons. Nobody would ever work that rough country 'ceptin' outlaws on the dodge."  "Is that why you took a job there?" asked Roane slyly.  "Yes, it was," the other man admitted frankly. "I had to go on the dodge for a few years until the trouble I was in cleared up. Best horses I ever seen down there, but them canyons is just good places for funerals. A thousand feet straight down in some places. Them canyons had me spooked then and they still got me spooked. I'm tell- in' you I got a feelin' we'll never get back out of there."  Roane Brandon chuckled. "You     ought to get yourself a gypsy outfit and tell fortunes for a dollar a throw. Bet- ter buy yourself a quart of liquid cour- age before you leave town."  "It'd take a bar'l to help me," Andy said whimsically, as he slapped the sad- dle on his horse. "The kind o' shivers I got now would take more'n whiskey to warm up. Nossir, I didn't like this from the time that Nab woman sent me a thousand dollars cash to hand Fred Temple as down money in a deal to buy horses. I couldn't see no sense to hand- in' out a thousand dollars for nothin'. What was to keep me from just waltz- in' in, I thought.  "But that woman was right. She wrote that any other way it wouldn't be safe. Strangers found in them Night Canyons are shot on sight, with gun- hands jist hired to exterminate Garys and Neils. I cain't believe it--when I worked on the ranch, Addison Stevens was plumb friendly with the Garys. But he's dead now, and this here Temple is in charge. A different breed."  Andy's jaw suddenly fell and he stopped his work. "Now I know that fattish feller that sat at the table!" he exclaimed. "Hamlin Stevens, Addison's half-brother. He used to be a slim sort. Owned some stock in the ranch, and used to come there to live and hunt in between traveling to Europe and back. Drinkin'est feller I ever heard of. Two quarts a day was nothin' to him when he was goin' good. But he was quiet on his drunks--not no hell raiser."  "Not like you then," remarked Roane jokingly. "Come on, get that horse loaded. You can chatter later."  They set out, jogging along with jouncing pack boxes and with the hound Savvy sniffing at trails but fol- lowing none, knowing this was not a day to hunt. But after the hound had scared two young grouse whirring into a pine, Roane shot them. Grouse would make a good supper.  Reaching the rim of a deep canyon, Andy halted. "Moon Canyon," he said. "Next one to it is Dusk, where the Cross Seven headquarters is located.