66 AUSTIN CORCORAN    claimed. "Thought you left this coun- try."  "I did, for a while," Bill said with forced calmness.  "I've got to be going along," Martha said before Carter could speak again. "Coming, Van?" She nodded casually at Bill as the two moved away, Martha obviously hurrying the pace.  Bill gazed after them. "A meddler never done any good," he reflected mor- osely. "I probably made her plumb set on marrying that coyote. And she the swellest-looking girl, and the smart- est, I ever set my two eyes on! Kept her head just as cool as a frosty morn- ing. Didn't give me the least idea what she was thinking--nor him, either. Managed things as slick as one of them magicians that pulls rabbits out of a hat. And do I feel like a dumb rabbit --wow!"  He went slowly to the street but neither Martha nor Van Carter was in sight. He considered going to the rail- road station but abandoned that idea. While he was debating the best way to learn if the pair had left town by train, he glimpsed a girl riding into the main road from the side street he knew led to the livery barn. He couldn't be mis- taken in the pose of that head and shoulders. That was Martha, heading for home.  "She turned him down!" Bill thought with a wave of that same exhilarating dizziness which had assailed him in the morning after first encountering her in the post office. He wanted to emit a jubilant shout. Then his high spirits were deflated as he reflected that Mar- tha had probably made her decision before he spoke. And very likely she detested him for interfering in a strict- ly personal affair.  Late that afternoon he dropped into Samuel Ordway's office. The lawyer had just returned from the country and was shaking the dust from his coat when Bill entered.  "I saw Parks and his wife," he said with customary brevity. "They accept your offer of three thousand cash for     the ranch. Make out the papers tomor- row."  "Good," Bill returned as briefly. "Who is Harve Finley?"  "Fellow running for sheriff in oppo- sition to Lem Carter's pet."  "Is Finley in any trouble?" Bill asked.  "We-ell," Ordway replied cautious- ly, "there are rumors. Wouldn't sur- prise me if he does get into some. Could be framed."  "And who is Ben Leeds?" Bill went on with his questioning.  "Bought the Arrowhead Ranch coupla years ago. Takes sides with Finley."  "Friends with Lem?"  "No. But Carter would like to have Van marry the Leeds girl. The Arrow- head is about the only outfit Carter hasn't been able to dig his claws into-- and Martha Leeds is her father's sole heir."  "I see," Bill said thoughtfully. "She's a swell girl."  "She's--" Ordway halted, eyeing Bill suspiciously. "How do you know?"  "And Van Carter is a rat," Bill pro- ceeded, ignoring the question.  "He is," Ordway agreed, "also his father's main interest, after land grab- bing and personal power. Lem's kind will lean backwards to keep within the law, until they get in a panic. He could slip a cog if he feared he was going to lose face in the community or if a pet scheme was about to be thwarted. If your suspicions are true, he won't want you around to remind him of that busi- ness with your father. And if you--"  "If I should show interest in the girl Van wants to marry," Bill put in cool- ly, "there might be--er--something in the line of fireworks."  The lawyer shrugged lean shoulders helplessly. "You were the nerviest kid I ever saw and you haven't changed a mite!" was his sole comment.  That night Bill sent a telegram to his former employer that read, "Every- think O.K. Start Ted with the cattle." The first of the following week he