62 AUSTIN CORCORAN    ging stairs at the side of the building. A moment later he opened the first door on the narrow hallway. The man at a rolltop desk glanced up, penetrating hazel eyes appraising his visitor. A gleam kindled in their depths and the hard lines of his mouth relaxed as he exclaimed, "Bill Avery!"  "Right, first guess," Bill said. "Come back to stay."  When the two men had shaken hands, a firm grip, Bill drew a folded news- paper clipping from his pocket, ex- tending it to the lawyer. "Has that place been sold?" he asked.  Ordway's bushy eyebrows drew into a frown as he read the printed lines. "Not yet," he replied, but--"  "Fine!" Bill broke in. "I want you to put through the deal for me. I've kept an eye on things here through the county paper. As soon's I read that old Nate Parks was paralyzed and his wife wanted to sell out quick, it was like a signal to me that now was the time to come back."  "It won't do," Ordway said flatly. "Nate's ranch parallels Lem Carter's south range. Lem's wanted it for years, on account of that big spring. He's got a fifteen-hundred-dollar mortgage on the land and buildings. The bank's already got the cattle. Lem's offered her a thousand dollars cash to cancel the note and turn the place over to him. She'll do it. The note's due this week and not a soul would dare raise Lem's ante."  "I will," Bill stated calmly. "I'll give her three thousand cash, yes, thir- ty-five hundred if I have to, and she can take up the note."  "You're crazy!" Ordway rasped. "You're the last man who ought to start trouble with Lem Carter."  Bill leaned across the desk to gaze closely into the attorney's eyes. "Why should he have it in especially for me?" he asked. "He got our ranch and we just faded out of the picture. Answer me, Sam--why?"  The lawyer's frown tightened. He looked away, then his eyes turned slow-     ly back to hold Bill's gaze. "I don't know," he replied with undeniable hon- esty. "But I do know that he hates the very name of Avery. When I was closing up the business for your mother I sensed that he could hardly wait un- til you folks were out of this country. He's grabbed a lot of land and put over some damned hard deals, but there's never been a pin-point of illegality in one of 'em. And he don't appear to have any personal feeling about any of the others."  "That's because there was something crooked about his getting our ranch," Bill said grimly.  "Couldn't have been," Orway ob- jected. "That deal was dead open and shut. I tried damned hard to find a crack in it. Lem held the unpaid notes. And your father's death was pure acci- dent. He was caught by flood water in Wide Wash. His horse was swept away and he was flung on those rocks."  "True," Bill agreed. "But I'll never believe, nor will my mother, that Dad gambled away the money he got for his cattle. I do believe, though, that he rode 'round and paid Carter before he crossed the wash. The notes Lem later showed up were forgeries, made after he knew my father had been killed."  "Two witnesses proved that Jason Avery lost every cent he had on him in that poker game at Spike Dober's Saloon." Ordway said.  "A bartender," Bill scoffed, "and--"  "Tod Bixby, foreman of the X Bar outfit," the lawyer put in.  "Also an ex-convict, I've learned. Bixby did time in the Colorado State pen for forging the name of Lem Cart- er's brother-in-law on a check. Of course Carter knew this and it gave him a hold on Bixby. Forged notes-- Carter gets the ranch and the money. See what it adds up to?" Bill asked tensely.  "Guesswork--and dangerous busi- ness," Ordway declared seriously. "Digging back seven years is too deep. I advise you--"  "Wait!" Bill exclaimed. "The fel-