56 ERIC HOWARD   It was not that she had heard any- thing. But she saw now where Jud Lane must have found a hide-out, where he had disappeared when Tommy Barnes was trailing him. There was a mound of slag ahead. The ground was covered with it. A horse would leave no tracks there. Over on one side, against the bare hill, there was a tun- neled opening. A heavy door led into it.  She knew that inside, down a dark passage, there was a large, timbered, circular room. A man could hide there, could keep his horse inside, could even build a fire without being detected. The smoke would slowly drift upward through cracks and crevices, disappear- ing before it reached the open.  Mrs. Gray advanced to the heavy door. It had been padlocked and chained, but the lock had been broken off. It was open a few inches. She put her shoulder against it and slipped into the dark tunnel, closing the door be- hind her.  She heard the man's voice then. It was low, harsh, argumentative:  "I TOLD you that, Mary. My uncle, Tom Lansing, was here long ago. Gave my father a map before he died. It showed where he cached this gold when a bunch of cutthroats tried to rob him. My father always planned to come here, never got to it. I had to go about it secret, 'cause this property still belongs to the Silver Queen Mine Company. But the gold is mine, heired from Uncle Tom. That's why I took this other name, moved in secret. These lawmen would claim I was stealin' from the mine company if. . . . Come on, girl. You know me well enough to trust me. It's gettin' dark. We'll ride south."  Mary Grant was silent for a moment. Then she spoke with an effort, as though it pained her.  "Is that the truth, Jerry--Jud? You've taken nothing but this gold your uncle--"  "Of course it's the truth!" he de-     clared. "What's the matter with you? Your wrote me how things were up there with your uncle and I sent for you. You oughta show a little grati- tude! Come on. It's time to leave."  "Wait, Jerry. Please. Just one thing more. The deputy sheriff, Tom Barnes, was looking for you. For Jud Lane. He said you had robbed a bank. Why should he say that, Jerry, if--if you didn't?"  "Barnes! You takin' his word against mine? Why would I rob a bank? That feller, Barnes, is just another crooked lawman. Workin' for the mine comp'ny and other big outfits. Those fellers are always down on poor men. Railroadin' 'em to jail and kickin' 'em around. That's why I had a friend of mine pick up my mail in Butte. I didn't want to run into that crowd."  "But you wrote me that you had helped the sheriff," Mary quietly re- minded him. "You said--"  "We've got an all-night ride ahead of us, girl," he cut in. "We've got to get started. You trust me, don't you? You were eager enough to get away from that stingy old uncle o' yours. There's no time to chew the rag now."  The girl spoke slowly. "I don't know," she said. "I think I've made a mistake. I'm not going, Jerry. I--I just can't."  He seized her shoulders roughly. She gasped.  "You're goin', all right!" he mut- tered.  There was another sound in the cav- ern-like room. Mrs. Gray, standing in the tunnel, stiffened. The sound was that of a man groaning as he twisted and writhed on the floor.  "What's that?" Mary cried. "Who--"  Jerry Lansing swore under his breath. "Never mind that," he snapped. "You stand right here. I'm gettin' my horse."  But the girl ran to the side of the room.  "It's a man, roped and tied. What have you done, Jerry? It's--it's the