CANYONS OF THE NIGHT 15    out who would sneak up on us to am- bush us. Want to ask him why he did it."  "Better put a bullet in him first and ask him later," cautioned Andy Partle. "They play marbles for keeps in this Night River country, and they use lead slugs for marbles."  CHAPTER III Two Good Samaritans  SAVVY had no trouble in picking up the trail of the horse of the would-be dry gulcher. The rider had head- ed down into Moon Canyon on the trail Roane and Andy had followed from town. Savvy trot- ted down it, sniffing occasionally, tug- ging on his leash but not very hard, whining a little in a bored way. Savvy wasn't too keen to be on this trail. There was nothing exciting about fol- lowing a tame horse. It was just a job. Chasing a rabbit would have been more fun and sport.  The canyon bottom was wide, fairly level and clear of trees. Off under the peaks a storm was brewing, but here the moon was out to show a wagon road. The rider was following this road and after him trotted Savvy, mile after mile, with Roane jogging along tirelessly in his moccasins.  Out of this canyon the road angled finally to climb through a long pass in a ridge. Then crossing a wide mesa, it dropped into another canyon. From Andy's description, Roane knew that this would be Dusk Canyon, in which lay the Cross Seven headquarters.  He rested a minute or so, listening to the night noise of the wind through the pines on the slopes, lulled by it as if by music from a great organ. Then again man and dog went on. The road forked, one branch climbing into a side can- yon. The horse tracks were plain in the moonlight, turning up the side canyon. Roane turned with them. Several times he thought he could catch the sound of     a horse's steel shoes up ahead. It did not surprise Roane that he should be overtaking the horseman. Ordinarily men did not ride fast at night in can- yon country--a jog at best--and Roane had trotted almost steadily since he had left Andy. He increased his pace a lit- tle. Clouds were beginning to drift across the moon and stars, and the road angled back and forth along a dark wooded slope.  Roane was a hundred yards or more from what he judged was the canyon rim when he heard the crash of a gun, a six-shooter, above him. Two or three seconds and there was another shot; then a third. Roane halted, listening hard. Whoever was doing the shooting was certainly not firing at him. After a little period of silence came the sound of a horse running away, tearing through brush with a clatter of flop- ping empty stirrups. Plainly the horse was riderless.  Savvy growled but Roane silenced him. Another horse was in motion now, going across the mesa with the regular hoofbeats of a lope. Roane began climb- ing again, following the road at a trot, with Savvy padding ahead of him. The moon was blanketed by clouds; a few stars gave a little light.  The most plausible explanation for the shots was that the man he and Savvy had been trailing had met an- other rider, and there had been a short fight between the two. One man had been knocked from his saddle and his horse had run off without him. The other, not waiting to make sure wheth- er he had killed his man or not, had loped away.  On the rim, Roane hesitated for a moment. From the thick darkness of a clump of cedars and pinions came the sound of a human voice, raised in what seemed a faint call for help. He moved toward it warily, for as Andy had said, this was dangerous country. Savvy growled a little; he stopped to tie the dog to a tree.  After that he catfooted along, car- bine in his hand, moccasins pressing