36 ROBERT DALE DENVER    out of the country--and to help Tom Gary get back home.  "Now," repeated Threllen harshly. "Git your horses packed and pull your freight."  "How about the thousand dollars we paid as earnest money to Temple?" inquired Roane.  "Talk to him about that," growled Threllen. "We don't want you in this country, that's all."  "Talking to Temple is just what we'll do," said Roane promptly.  "Yeah, we demand to see Fred Temple," said Andy Partle. "We made a deal with him, and he's running this ranch."  "He just thinks he's runnin' it," stated Threllen. "You two are gittin' off the range and doin' it quick. You're not talking to Temple; you're leavin'. We don't want strangers in here. We don't know if you belong to the Gary tribe or not, but some queer things has happened since you come in. One bein' that our man Hake has never showed up and we found his horse runnin' loose without his saddle and bridle."  "But," argued Partle, "we paid a thousand dollars down and we're en- titled to take out at least a few head of horses. It wouldn't take a day to get the ten head we paid for."  "No!" said Threllen, raising his voice almost to a shout. "Git your loads on your pack horses and git ready to travel. I'm sendin' some men with you to see that you go to Hurley. They'll take you down the Night River by a short cut."  There was nothing that they could do. They couldn't fight nearly a dozen men who were plainly prepared to go into action at a word from Threllen.  Andy Partle shrugged. "Looks like we got our tickets bought for the train and the conductor is yellin' 'All aboard!' " he remarked.  Silently he and Roane cinched pack saddles on their two horses and loaded them, throwing diamond hitches over topping bedrolls, while Threllen's     party watched. Then, satisfied, Threl- len turned to go back to the ranch.  "One final thing," he said. "Don't you come back in here, you two, what- ever you do."  Roane caught half grins on the faces of several of the men at this remark. He guessed the reason for their amusement.  With four men riding behind them, he and Andy started out, each leading a packed horse. Jean Carvel was wait- ing by the wagon, and Roane pulled up to talk to her, while Andy arranged his mount and pack horse to keep their escort of four men back out of ear- shot.  "Don't worry," Roane said, in a low voice. "Threllen told us to pull out, but we won't go far. We'll come back tonight and we'll all get over to the Garys. If we have to, we'll hitch your team to that buckboard Andy fixed and take Gary out in it."  "Those four men with you," she whispered. "I don't like their looks."  "Neither do I," said Roane. "Not well enough for 'em to be behind me. I've got a hunch they're to make sure we don't come back. We'll take care of them."  The moon pushed up as the six jog- ged on down canyon, heading for the big canyon of the Night River. The four men following grew careless. Roane wasn't sure that they had actu- ally been detailed to kill them, but Threllen, he was convinced, had a great deal more against them than just sus- picion.  Andy Partle had no doubts what- ever but that their mission had been discovered and the men following them had orders to kill them. The big can- yon of the Night River was opening below, and the dull boom of the river came to their ears. The Night would make a good burial place for two strangers; bodies dumped into its sandy current would never appear again. When the trail narrowed so that they would have to ride single file, the men behind could blast Andy