MARIE DE NERVAUD    WAR OPPORTUNITIES for YOU in ACCOUNTING War needs call for many new bookkeepers and ac- countants at good pay. Taxes and government regu- lations demand many extra in government offices and in industry. Enlarged plants need more. Also, many present accountants are being called to the armed services. This opens unusual opportunity to women and to men not subject to military call. And this op- portunity will continue after the war is over. You can prepare for these opportunities in spare time at home. Cost is moderate and easy terms can be arranged. For 34 years LaSalle has been training accountants--over 2,000 C.P.A.'s among our alumni. Our training is condensed, practical, interesting. In- struction staff of full-time CPA's. You can take short course or full accountancy course. Free place- ment service. Write today for free 48-page book- let, "Accountancy, the Profession That Pays." It describes the op- portunities and requirements of this, field and tells of our training.   Please send me your froe booklet. "Accountancy. theProfeaslonTbat Pays," and lnlormatlou about your training. Name.....Age..... Address City and State LASALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY A Correspondence Institution Dept 375-H CHICAGO, ILL.     Buy from the oldest established firm in the United States Selling Eye Glasses by Mail Glasses as Low as $1.95 Pair 16 Days Trial Choice of the LATEST STYLES--remarkably LOW PRICES. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED or your money back. If you are not satisfied--they will not cost you a cent. SEND NO MONEY Write for FREE catalog today showing all of our many styles and LOW PRICES Broken Glasses Repaired at Low Cost Advance Spectacle Co. 537 S. Dearborn St. Dept. HH-3 Chicago, Ill.   Suffer Varicose Leg Sores> If you suffer pain and misery of Varicose Ulcers, or Open Leg Sores, send away at once for FREE Booklet "THE LIEPE METHODS FOR HOME USE." Tells all about this 40-year-old method, praised and en-dorsed by thousands. Liepe Methods, Dept. C-49, 3284 N. Green Bay Ave., Millwaukee, Wisconsin.   High School Course at Home Many Finish in 2 Years Go as rapidly as your time and ability permit. Course equivalent to resident school work- prepares for college entrance extams. Standard H.S. texts supplied. Diploma- Credit for H.S. subjects already completed. Single subjects if de-sired. High school education is very important for advancement in business and industry and socially. Don't be handicapped all your life. Be a High School graduate. Start your training now. Free Bulletin on request. No obligation. American School, Dept. H-339, Drexel at 58th, Chicago       said, and he would reach Dolores' father's ranch. He cast an uneasy eye to the west, where the sun was about to sink beyond the watery horizon. He would have preferred to arrive by day light, but . . . The curious formation of a rocky point ahead caught his eye, and he gave a sudden "Whew!" at the sharp pitch the road took beyond it. Speeding along the level stretch by the beach, he was speculating on the width of that nar- row ribbon flung up against the stu- pendous cliffs, when a great burst of smoke puffed up to be followed by the incredible sight of the road itself burst- ing into the air. The next second came the deafening detonation of the ex- plosion.  Roy came to a stop, gazing in in- credulous stupefaction at a second burst of smoke and rock and dirt. There was a second thundering roar; then silence, broken only by the gentle lap- ping of the waves on the beach beyond the dunes that lined the road.  Shaken and still convinced that he must be dreaming, Roy got out of the car and walked a short distance down the road.  He had the feeling that the jagged, gapping crater pitted into the cliff, where a moment before a road had been, must be a mirage. But the boulders that continued to detach themselves from the edges of it and crash into the ocean below dispelled this hope.  It was real! A section of the road was gone, blown up before his eyes! The words Dolores had repeated that she had overheard in the hotel bed- room flashed to his mind. "Right now things down there are in a mess," Dolores had reported Art Sampson as saying. She had gone on with some- thing about a dynamite scheme. . . .  Even while he was remembering, Roy was running back to his car, in feverish haste. He must get down to where the road started the ascent of the cliffs, then he would have to forge his way   130 Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements