50 ROBERT DALE DENVER    and with a light that never shone from a sane person's eyes.  Then a chuckle came from Stevens. "She's right, Doc," he said in an amused voice. "She's guessed it. She's a smart girl--too smart."  Again Stevens chuckled, and "Look out!" shouted Dr. Gary. "He's got a gun!"  Jean Carvel knew that whether Ham- lin Stevens was insane or not, she faced death from the ugly snout of the six- shooter that came up from under the leather jacket and swung slowly toward her. Frozen, she stood, and then a hand and arm were pushing her back over the bench and Roane was springing in front of her. Jean could not have lifted a finger to save herself, but she screamed now, realizing that Roane was taking the bullet intended for her. The bellow of the gun was like the crack of doom in her ears, then des- perately she was scrambling to her feet.  The sorrel horse was jumping about under Stevens who was trying to level the still smoking gun to fire again as Roane, unarmed, was running toward the man, straight into the next bullet that would come from the gun.  But before that shot could be fired, a rifle which sounded like a cannon ex- ploded from the direction of the kit- chen. Hamlin Stevens, blood flowing from his temple, toppled from his sad- dle to fall a shapeless lump on the ground. Jean looked back and saw old Andy Partle by the kitchen doorway, holding a long-barreled rifle from     which powder smoke curled out lazily.  Andy looked at the fallen figure of the man to make sure that he did not need another shot, and then felt of his shoulder.  "By dang," Roane's partner com- plained, "this old blunderbuss has got the wu'st kick of anything I ever pulled trigger on. Ort to be a law ag'in weapons like this here."  Jean was looking unbelievingly at Roane who had turned toward her. Plainly he was unhurt. She ran to him shakily.  "How did he ever miss you?" she asked, still unable to believe the mir- acle. "He wasn't ten feet away when he shot."  "Why, honey," he told her as his arms folded about her, "that was plumb simple. I just shied my empty plate at his horse's head and the sorrel nag jumped so far Hamlin couldn't have hit the side of a barn if he'd been shoot- ing from inside it."  "He might have killed you," sobbed Jean.  "Look," he went on gently, "I told you what has happened in here we'll forget. It's looking ahead that we'll be doing from now on--to all the camp- fires we'll have under the stars. And to that big log house with twenty or thirty rooms I'm going to build for you in one of these canyons of the River Night."  She smiled then, her dark eyes shin- ing. "Yes, Roane. We'll look ahead," she promised.    When a Nazi or a Jappy Starts to shoot, across the pond, You can lick him dead as doornails If you've bought your WARtime BOND