94 CLIFF WALTERS   "I'll find out." He spurred his horse across the creek.  "You fool!" Eileen shouted. "I tried to warn you, but--" He was already be- yond hearing distance. Tears welled to the girl's eyes. This is what she got for meddling! The censure of her uncle and the distrust of a man she was trying to protect.  She turned her horse, started home- ward slowly. She hadn't gone far when she met her uncle and Turk Powell. Turk said, "Where's that fire-crazy Mayland? Did you come down here and warn him?"  "I told him to get to town--yes. As fast as he could," she answered truth- fully.  "He'll have to ride fast--if he ever gets there!" Turk answered. "Come on, Frosty!"  The two men rode on at a fast clip; and Eileen was grateful for the screen of thickly growing trees which hid from view the range beyond the stream. Then she had reason to be still more grateful. Sure that Dave Mayland would make for town with all possible haste, Clark and Turk Powell veered off the road and headed across open range for a distant butte around which the road wound. They thought, ap- parently, that this would gain them a little time.  Eileen didn't ride back to the charred ruins of the ranch house. Wondering as to the identity of the rider on the black horse whom Dave Mayland had sighted, she crossed the creek and headed for Horseshoe Springs. Shorty Talbott, the JY puncher, had ridden a black horse this morning. Was he up to something? And did he know some- thing about the burning of the cabin at Horseshoe Springs?  "A little more meddling won't hurt," the girl told herself.  The girl was within a few hundred yards of Horseshoe Springs when she stopped beside a dense clump of cedars to watch the movements of a man who had ridden a black horse up there. Was that Shorty Talbott?     "Get back outa sight!" said the voice of Dave Mayland sharply. As he spoke, he emerged from the cedars, grabbed her bridle bit, and forced her gray back a few steps. "Who drug that dead roan horse out in the hills last night?"  "Turk Powell," she answered. "Why?"  He didn't answer that. He just said, "Thanks for makin' your uncle and Powell think I'd hit out for town. I saw 'em dustin' it that way. I'm sorry now I said what I did to you. I might've known, just by lookin' at you, that you're as decent as you are pretty."  "Is that Shorty Talbott up there at the spring?"  "Nope. It's a stranger to me. I don't know what he's doin' up there. Look at him! Pawin' around that crevice in the rim, just below the place where the cabin stood, like a coyote huntin' a lost den."  "What is he hunting?" he asked.  "I wish I knew. But we'll wait, let him find it if he can, then we'll ride up there."  That was quite a wait, one during which the girl and man talked in low tones. Dave Mayland denied having set fire to the JY ranch house. The way he spoke that denial, the way in which his gaze met Eileen's, made her feel he spoke the truth.  "I'm not here to fight and burn houses," he told her. "I'm here to look after Moccasin Shaw's place. Keep an eye on his few head of stock. Hold the fort till he's freed. That old man's honest, Eileen Clark. As honest and generous as they come. It was him that sent grub money to my mother when Bob and me were little--and starvin'. But your uncle ain't satisfied with jail- in' Moccasin. He's got to burn his cabin, the only home the old man's got. Or have it burned. How long was Turk Powell away from the ranch last night when he drug that roan's carcass out to--  "There's Turk now," said the girl excitedly, and pointed to a horseman