CANYONS OF THE NIGHT 23    GID COULTER  fied, rushed forward to try to kick it out of his reach. Hake had it and with a wolfish growl swung it about just as Roane, diving some six feet through the air, struck Hake with his shoulder. Hake crashed down but this time he held the gun. He could not use it, however. Roane, clamping Hake's fore- arm, bent it back until he yelped with pain.  The man held to the weapon like grim death, and Roane lowered his hold to Hake's wrist and gun barrel. Slowly he put pressure on the wrist, while Hake twisted and fought furiously to free his hand. There ensued a grim, silent struggle between the pair for the weapon with the younger, Roane, proving to have the superior strength. Using the leverage of his long arms, he succeeded in turning the barrel toward Hake's side.  "Quit," he ordered, "or you'll shoot yourself."  "Damn you!" the man grunted and again tried savagely to wrench the gun away. The weapon was so fixed that the hammer fired without the trigger being pulled, and the hammer had lifted during the struggle. The gun exploded suddenly, sending a shot tunneling up- ward into Hake's chest, shattering his heart. The man shuddered and then straightened out to, lie inert, every muscle relaxed.     Roane got up, breathing hard, hold- ing the six-shooter, staring down at the dead man. As he stood he swayed a little, and Jean Carvel, thinking he was about to collapse, put her arm about him.  "I'm all right," he told her. "Except that I killed a man. I hoped I never would have to do that."  "He killed himself," disagreed the girl. "I'm witness to that. You asked him to quit but he wouldn't. And that's the man who shot Tom Gary last night. His name is Hake. He works for the Cross Seven.  Roane looked at the man's boots. They would leave tracks about the size of those left by the man who had am- bushed him and Andy Partle in camp.  "After shooting Gary last night," the girl went on, "he was afraid to risk finishing him in the dark. He went to the ranch and came back this morn- ing to find out what had become of Gary. While hunting him he came into camp here. He caught me and began kissing me. I broke loose, then he came at me again--"  "I'm not sorry I killed him," inter- rupted Roane grimly. "It was a plumb pleasure. I'd like to do it over again. Him putting his hands on you. I--" His arm went about the girl. "You're the bravest girl I ever knew, Jean. To think that this--this--but let's forget him. I reached the Garys all right, but your dad hadn't shown up there. Tom's father and his uncle doctor will be here soon, and if there's no word of your father by that time, I'll look for him with the help of my hound. How's Gary been?"  She looked in the direction of the shelter containing the wounded man. "He's worse. A lot worse. I'll have to go back to look after him."  "Supposing I spell you out while you cook a breakfast here. There's some- thing else I've got to do too." He nodded at Hake's body. "Bury him and his saddle and turn his horse loose; hoping it won't go back to the Cross Seven headquarters. The horse is only