WYOMING SEÑORITA 119    when the welcome sound of hoofbeats came from the pines. Another minute and a slender rider in blue jeans could be seen winding through the trees.  Bill's "Thank God," changed to an ejaculation of dismay as the girl came out into the open and headed for the house. Bess Huggins! What in hell was bringing her here?  Instinctive caution narrowed Bill Granby's eyes as Bess pulled her sweat- ing horse to a halt. He had never had much use for Bess, and had less than ever since she had thrown Roy over.  She made no effort to dismount, but called an excited, "Hi, Bill! Where's Dolores?"  Bill's eyes narrowed still more. "She's not here right now. What do you want her for?"  "Not here?" Bess was plainly star- tled at this news. "Where is she?" "Search me!" Bill studied her nerv- ous excitement. "Gone off for an early morning ride, I reckon."  "Which way did she go? I'll ride out and meet her."  "She might have taken any of a doz- en trails." Bill was anything but help- ful. "What's the excitement? What do you want her for?"  "I--I've got to see her!" Bess was obviously nonplussed at this turn of events. "I--" she hesitated, then start- ed to dismount. "I'll wait for her." "Make yourself at home," Bill said dryly. "It'll probably be a couple of hours or more."  "Oh, I can't wait that long." Bess burst into a gasping little sob. "A terrible thing has happened, Bill. Roy has had an accident. I--I don't know what happened, but I found him there at the Lazy Nine! He's delirious and keeps calling for Dolores! I -- I'm afraid he might die if she doesn't come to him! Will you--will you tell her the first minute she gets back?"  "Wait a minute!" Bill's first start of distress at this news was quickly super- seded by suspicion. "I don't see where Dolores comes in. She hardly knows Roy."     "That's what you think!" Bess flashed out, then leaned forward in her saddle, her eyes filled with tears, and her'breath coming fast. "I'm going to be frank with you, Bill. I know you and all Roy's friends have it in for me, but I've paid for what I did. My hus- band was killed, and I've come back to Roy. I don't believe he really loves Dolores, but he's got a crush on her. All that's beside the point now, though." she ended wildly. "Dolores has got to come to him! I flared out at her yesterday, but she isn't the kind to hold that against me. You'll tell her to come to the Lazy Nine, won't you? Tell her to come as fast as she can make it!"  "I'll tell her what you say," Bill Granby answered, his face a non-com- mital mask. "Sure you won't wait and see her yourself?"  "I must get back to Roy." Bess let another sob break through, then wheeled her horse and made for the pines.  For sometime Bill Granby stared at the spot where she had last disap- peared. "Just what is she up to, I won- der?" he mused, uneasiness surging up in him at this new situation. "That whole story sounds darn fishy! I'm hanged if I'll pass it on to Dolores."  A groan broke off the soliloquy. When was he going to have a chance to pass anything on to Dolores? Or to keep anything from her, for that mat- ter?  Maria's sudden appearance brought an almost welcome diversion from the groaning anxiety of his thoughts. He made out from her excited questioning that she wanted to know how soon Do- lores would come, now that mañana was here. He gave a soothing string of "Sí, sí's" that he was far from feeling and finally managed to get rid of her.  Again the morning silence fell heav- ily around him, to be broken at last by the distant clang of the ranch gate be- ing shut, and the chug of a motor. The fervent, "Thank God!" that escaped Bill's lips as he recognized the sheriff's