CANYONS OF THE NIGHT 25    spreading out through the timber near the head of the side canyon, evidently to make a search. So Hake had told the Cross Seven that he had shot some- one and Threllen had brought men to hunt the wounded man.  Two of the party had caught sight of the wagon cover, evidently, for they were coming through the trees toward the Carvel camp. Jean identi- fied one of these as Threllen; the other Roane recognized as Fred Temple.  "Keep cool," Roane told the girl. "There's been enough rain to cover the tracks of Hake's horse to your wagon. Tell them you haven't seen him, but maybe heard a horse off in the brush this morning. And you heard no shots last night."  Roane hid in a dense thicket of brush close to the wagon, judging it best that he be not seen in the Carvel camp. Threllen and Temple pulled up near the wagon to find Jean washing breakfast dishes--only one set.  "Your father, where is he?" de- manded Threllen harshly. "I gave him orders to travel straight on to the Garys."  "The road was so bad that we couldn't take the wagon along it," re- turned the girl spiritedly. "Dad left by horseback yesterday to go to the Garys. He was to come back last night, but he didn't."  Fred Temple, whose pale blue eyes had been admiring Jean Carvel's pretty face and slim person, pushed himself into the talk. "So you're the girl who came in here hunting stray horses?" he said, with a gallant sweep of his hat. "And your father rode to the Garys and hasn't returned? It's easy to guess what's become of him in that case.  "Too easy," he went on, with a show of deep regret. "He ran into some of these Gary killers and they shot him, just as they shot my cousin and five of our riders. My name is Temple; I run the Cross Seven. May I offer you my sympathy and protection? And may I suggest that you come to the Cross Seven to stay with us until we have     definite word of your father? Mean- while I'll do what we can to find your father. I'm afraid however," he added, with a shake of his head, "that I can't offer too much hope."  There seemed but one thing to say to Temple's offer. Jean had to thank the man although she realized what lay behind his pretended solicitude. Temple plainly was a lady-killer. Jean had known a few of his sort.  GEORGE THRELLEN  "We were told that one of the Garys rode over here last night and was shot by one of our men," Temple went on. "There must have been a shooting scrape not far from here-- near enough for you to have heard the shots."  "I'm a sound sleeper," the girl said evasively.  "You should have heard the shots," repeated Temple, "if there was any shooting. Maybe there was no shoot- ing at all. Threllen, I think Hake might have been lying. He said he was com- ing back here early to see if he could find the man he'd shot. He's not here now. You didn't see him, Miss Car- vel?"  Jean hesitated. "I did think I heard a horse off in the brush this morning," she said. "But I could have been mis- taken."  "Ten to one Hake was spinning us