MAN FROM BLUE RIVER 85    --you've got to get away. Send Faith out of the room for a minute."  "Why--" The girl began, but then she got up and walked out to the hall, shutting the door behind her.  Pat came out a moment later and she demanded: "What did he say? Does he think you shot him?"  Ransome's glance was odd. Remote and almost cold. "No. He wants me to get out of the country. Maybe I'll take his advice."  And, as soon as the last word was spoken, he walked past her, down the hall toward the rear of the house. As he disappeared into the kitchen she realized that he had entered the same way.  She opened the bedroom door, but Mike Harvey was asleep, and for a mo- ment she looked down at him in be- wilderment which was mixed with anger. He had sent for her, but had been more interested in talking to Pat Ransome, almost as if they had joined forces against her!  Dr. Adair glanced in and said: "This has been enough of a visit for him, Miss Byers. He's very weak."  He ushered her out the front door and when it closed behind her, she felt lonely and shut away from life. A group of horsemen were pounding down the street and at their head, was a deputy sheriff. A posse starting the hunt for Pat Ransome. Probably he had been seen near Dr. Adair's house and the lawmen knew he could not be far ahead of them. If they caught him. . . .  Another line of riders was approach- ing, but these were moving at a walk. Four men, heavily armed, with holsters mounted on their saddles.  They reined in ahead of Faith and two of them dropped to the ground. "Are you Miss Byers?" the first rider asked.  "Ye-es."  "That's what I thought." His heavy- set body swayed forward, one hand clamped over her mouth and the other arm lifted her from her feet.     VII  BEFORE she could be- gin to struggle she was put onto his pony and he stepped up be- hind her, digging in his spurs. The three other men closed in around them and they pounded down the road, traveling north. Within fifteen minutes they had left Lawrence behind and were enter- ing a trail which led to the back hills.  "How is it?" the man holding Faith shouted to a rider behind him.  "Clear."  He took his hand from the girl's mouth. "There's no use yelling or fighting, sister. We're not going to hurt you. But you can't get away, so don't try it."  "Where are you taking me? Why--"  "You'll find out later. Just keep still and you'll be more comfortable." He sent his mount into an even faster pace, and they roared toward the first, dim outline of the hills.  But a mile below, they reined in and waited at the side of the trail. No one spoke until the thud of hoofs broke the stillness and a man rode out of the brush.  "Mac," he called.  "Yeah. All here."  He rode up to them, then, and Faith saw that it was Tom Knox.  "You're responsible for this!" she told him. "You--"  "Hold it, ma'am," he said easily. "There's nothing for you to be afraid of and nobody's going to hurt you. I'm taking you to a nice, comfortable cabin where you'll be all right for a few days."  "Why? What's this about? If you expect my father to pay you--"  He chuckled. "You ought to guess the reason. Pat Ransome's disappeared and he's smart enough to get away from ten posses. But if he hears you've been kidnaped--and he will, because he's got plenty of friends--he'll come back. I know him. When he comes