The Ocean Ogre By DANA CARROLL A tale of the sea, and the thing called Alain Gervais that came aboard the Jolly Waterman JUNE 2.--Our stiff canvas, faded and gray, hangs lifeless from the yard- arms. We are stilled in one of the great calms. There is slowly rising water in the well, and our food is nearly gone. We heave on the greasy, heavy water, foul and green. The fog hides all from view. I confess that I am afraid. What an expressive word is despair! Luckily a flying-fish came scudding over the rails this morning. June 3.--The fog has lifted a bit, but there is no relief in sight. The seven of us worked all last night on the pipes, until our backs ached and our hands were raw. The crew seems gruff and surly, but I haven't the heart to assert my au- thority at a time like this. They don't realize how near death they are. I write for record only, for who knows what may happen in the next few days? We are at present in the open sea a thousand miles from land. A fine situation for the skipper of the Jolly Waterman! Three months ago I had a full crew and a lucky boat, but now--scurvy isn't pleasant. No, sir, not pleasant at all. June 4.--Hope! I have given up even entertaining the word. By working des- perately we are able to keep the water in the well down, but our hardtack is nearly gone. We have pumped and sweated on empty stomachs for twelve hours. Losier collapsed. He folded like the others, but thank God he died quietly. No reproach- ful blasphemies heaped on my head. Just a tired fading, glad it was all over. June 5.--It was funny. Another fly- ing-fish came aboard today, and Herbie Tastrum made a dive for it. He looked like a maniac as he slid along the deck, filling his belly with splinters. He caught it between his two hands and bit into it, and finally disposed of it, bones and all. I was a bit put out. He could have divided it. I could shred a donkey's car- cass in my present state. Yet, I write it was funny. June 6.--Our case is desperate. No two ways about it, something has to hap- pen, and soon. There isn't a breath of air stirring, and Hanson is below, unable to raise a limb. The five of us are able to keep the water down, but we are tired --dog-tired. June 7.--We have one thing to be thankful for, the water hasn't risen much in the last twelve hours. Not that we would pump it out if it did. We are too tired to pump. We lie on the decks and curse, and make faces at the sky. I los[t] my temper many times today, but I am suffering acutely. Why do I continue to write futilely in this log book which no one will ever read? June 8.--We are saved! What glori- ous good luck! A boatload of provisions and a jolly companion to cheer us up. He says he is the sole survivor of the Kini William. You have probably heard of the King. A finer brig never put out from Marseilles. A hurricane and a leak did for her. Six or seven pulled away in the longboat, but my friend (what else could you call your savior?) threw them over- board. They died first, of course. They 94