WEIRD TALES 127 by Frank Owen. It was a refreshing relief compared with your heavy horror tales. I am unable to understand why some of your readers did not like it. Please give us more of this type. Howard's stories possess a virility your other authors couldn't duplicate, and I was especially pleased with Dig Me No Grave and Black Hound of Death. Those tales were strong in horror, and I am unable to decide which is the best. His best character creation was Solomon Kane, in my opinion." Bouquets and Brickbats Arthur E. Walker, of Colorado Springs, writes: "As a constant reader of your maga- zine for a good many years, I want to regis- ter a few compliments and kicks. I realize, of course, that you cannot have each story a top-notcher every month. However, WEIRD TALESs is the best magazine I have found and it improves through the years. Tbe Last Archer and Shambleau are two of the best tales I ever read. Howard's stuff read like a Sassage from the Arabian Nights and I, too, lament his passing. A bit of love interest adds to your stories. I like Doctor Satan and also Lovecraft's stories. Seabury Quinn rates much higher when he drops the silly de Grandin stuff. Like one of your contribu- tors, I have had enough of the forbidden books, the discussion of which takes up about half of the story. I am also getting fed up with the 'old ones' who are contin- ually wriggling into the third dimension through forbidden nooks and crannies. Some of your yarns are too complex; they sound more like half-baked lectures on higher mathematics than ghost stories. I lose interest in the story, trying to figure out the significance of triangles, trapezoids and pentagons. . . . Your best story this month is Duar the Accursed" Symphony of the Damned Harry C. Williamson, of Los Angeles, writes: "I have just finished reading Symphony of the Damned, by John R. Speer, and just wanted to drop you a line telling you how very much I enjoyed it. The plot is very good and the author pictures his characters so vividly that the readers can almost live the story as they read along. There is just enough blood and thunder in it to make it good reading and in no way revolting. I only hope we shall soon have NEXT MONTH THE ABYSS UNDER THE WORLD By J. Paul Suter Under the supposedly solid surface of a great American city lay an im- mense cavern, larger even than the bustling city above it. An incredible underground city it was, and the ad- ventures of the men that dropped into it were exciting, dangerous and glam- orous. You cannot afford to miss this fas- cinating tale of the city of the golden chariots, vast temples, and cruel people. This story will begin in the August issue of WEIRD TALES on sale July 1st To avoid missing your copy, clip and mail this coupon today for SPECIAL SUBSCRIPTION OFFER. (You Save 25c) WEIRD TALES 840 N. Michigan Ave. Chicago, Ill., U. S. A. Enclosed find $1.00, for which send me the next live issues of WEIRD TALES, to begin with the August issue. (Special offer void unless remittance is accompanied by coupon.) Name Address City State