The Last Pharaoh By THOMAS P. KELLY A strange weird novel of a castle of doom on the West African coast--an unbelievably fascinating tale of an English girl and her American sweetheart, and the amazing fate that befell them The Story Thus Far SHANGHAIED to a mysterious fort- ress on the West African coast--the Castle of Gloom -- Neil Bryant, young American, together with the lovely Carol Terry and the latter's brother, Bob, are taken to its age-old throneroom, where, amid ranks of guarding black sol- diery, two human heads smile on them from bowls of stone--Atma, beauteous princess of old Egypt, and Karamour, last of the Pharaohs! Here the surprized Terrys learn they are the descendants of the great Queen Hatshepsut, who ruled Egypt thirty-four hundred years ago. In the tale of Kara- mour they hear how the Queen fled be- fore the rebellious hordes of Thothmes III, of her death in a lonely cave near Cusæ, and Atma's own escape from the rebel leader in the capital city of Mem- phis. They learn of the wise Sarcus and his Golden Oil of eternal life; how the prin- cess of Egypt and Karamour made ready for the experiment that would render them immune to the centuries; of the separating of their heads from their bodies, and then at the supreme moment, when their lifeless forms were to be plunged into the vats that would strengthen them for the ages, of the ar- row that flew into the tower to bury itself in the breast of Sarcus. Their narrator tells of the flight of his small army from the oncoming Thothmes; of their months of wandering, and the journey's end by the waters of the great sea--they had spanned the Sahara Desert. He tells of the building of the aged fortress, of his long centuries of study that he might unite once more the heat of the Princess, as well as his own, each to a walking body in whose veins still flowed the royal blood of Egypt, a form appropriate to their station. Then, at last, of how the required knowledge had become his, to conclude with the words: "And that, oh strangers, is why you have been summoned!'' The story continues: 12. Princess, or What? AS THE last of the Pharaohs had told his enthralling story, we three pris- oners sat like stone images, fascinated while we watched the bodiless head of Karamour. The unbelievable antiquity, the glorious history of the talking head, forbade any answering retorts or protests, The ranks of guarding soldiery were quiet and motionless. Doctor Zola alone had seemed alive, and alternately his eyes rested upon us, as though to note the ef- fects of his ruler's words. "Perhaps, oh Prince," he drawled in his softest tone, "perhaps the stupid islanders are still in some doubt as to your meaning. Allowances must be made for their disgusting ignorance, Son of Ra, Recall you that they were even unaware This story began in WEIRD TALES for May. 68