88 WEIRD TALES rolling fogs of time? High overhead among the stars, those hazy shimmering outlines -- were they the disapproving frowns of Pharaohs from the dawning? And surely my wonderment was seen by the Egyptian, for high above the blaring blasts her silvery laugh came to me. Higher rose the quickening music. Wilder, faster became the dancing. The flashing breast-plates--the fluttering gar- ments! Her tiny feet seemed scarcely to touch the sand; the flying body was but a whirling ivory mass. And then the bar- baric air rose up as a great roar, to stop with a crash that sent the dancer hurling herself with complete abandon into my outstretched arms. I drew the yielding body quickly to me. "You are glorious," I groaned, "so maddeningly glorious!" And raising that perfect head, I kissed the red lips of the most beautiful creature this world has ever known. "Kiss me! Oh kiss and love me!" she whispered. "My veins flow not with the ice of the girls of your world, but a de- siring thirst that grows more burning with each passing second!" Her white arms pressed me closer. "Kiss me! Crush me, stronger, tighter, till I die within your arms! This moment of bliss must never end--we will make its joys eternal. Again! Again!" she mur- mured. "Oh eleven sinful gods, again! We are alone, beloved, we are alone! The stars for ever hold all secrets. The sleep- ing world is far and distant. My eager heart cries wildly for you--and the night is long." 16. Sheba's Treasure The following night I rode far into the desert with the Princess of Egypt in search of the fabulous wealth of which she had spoken. I was now hopelessly in love with the beautiful Atma, madly obsessed with a passion that obliterated all else but her charm. The amorous moments in those perfect arms had erased all memories of Carol, or any responsibilities I should have felt for the imprisoned Terrys. I no longer planned escape, either for myself or for my friends. Ambition, like reason, had gone. Gone also was the long- planned retribution. The caresses of the dark-eyed siren had taken both manhood and will-power, to leave but a character- less weakling, who would lie, steal--or if need be, kill--but to bask in the glamor of her love. Only vaguely had I been told our des- tination, and now as I swung to my sad- dle in the dimly lit courtyard, I observed among the three mounted blacks desig- nated as our followers, the hideous dwarf, Usanti. The keen eyes of the treacherous imp roved incessantly, as though fearful that some sign or move might escape him. I leaned toward Atma, who, dressed in riding-breeches and open-necked shirt, with a heavy automatic pistol strapped around her slender waist, sat carelessly on her horse beside me. "That black--the short one. It was he who betrayed Barakoff to the Pharaoh," I whispered. "Do you think it wise to take him with us?" An expression of merciless cunning crossed the beautiful face as a long-lashed eye winked slyly at me. "Of all the palace guards, these three alone I trust not. The hidden vaults of treasure must for ever remain a secret"-- her lips smiled slightly--"that is why they ride with me this night." As she finished the strange words, the Princess of Egypt brought her sharp whip down on the horse's haunches and dashed out into the night, while I and the three horsemen followed behind as best we could.