PICTURES and STORIES of theTHEATREOF ALL SCENTED SOAPS PEARS' OTTO OF ROSE JS THE BEST. “ All rights secured.” In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention TTIE GREEN HOOK ALBT'M. THE. GREEN BOOK ALBUM THE GREAT STORE WINDOW OF AMERICA depends largely upon the care of the .skin. That is the pith and sub- stance of the whole problem of beauty. It is a matter of the skin. Indeed there can be no complete beauty without skin beauty. This being so, it is important to remember that the most eminent analysts and skin authorities, and the most beautiful women of six generations have borne testimony to the fact that Pears’ ~ is the finest skin beauti- fying agent that science has produced or that money can buy. di r 3—j Matchless for the ComplexionWhy Wait a Month? Why wait a month for the contin¬ uation of a story? You don’t have to do it now. We have just brought out an all-fiction WEEKLY MAGA¬ ZINE in which you get the con¬ tinuation of your story every week. A month is too long to wait. The thread of the story gets lost in the mesh of events. The WEEKLY is the ideal periodical for continued stories. The Cavalier is the name of this new WEEKLY MAGAZINE. It will publish 52 full-length book stories a year. A new serial begins every week--- stories that make you sit up and take notice. On sale at all news-stands at 10 cents a copy, $4 a year---a great big magazine---192 pages. THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY 175 Fifth Avenue New YorkTHE GREEN BOOK ALBUM A MAGAZINE OF THE PASSING SHOW CONTENTS FOR MARCH, 1912 Copyright. 19J8, by the Story-Pnrvi Corporation. Entered at Stationers' Hall, London, Eng. All rights reserved. PORTRAIT COVER, MME. ALLA NAZIMOVA. Photograph by Moffett Studio, Chicago. MLLE. JENNIE DUFAU. Portrait Frontispiece, March. 1912. issue, THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM Photograph by Moffett Studio, Chicago CURRENT PLAYS AND PLAYERS An album ot photographs oi timely interest. SNOBS...................................... ;.......481 George Bronson Howard....... Novelized by John T. Prince, Jr. 613 MAX REINHARDT...................... Lucy France Pierce- A stage genius and his work. THE DANCER........................................519 Cecil Lean ....................... A short story of the stage by a well-known actor. EYES.................................................523 Archie Bell....................... The light that lies in woman's eyes, on the stage. AT HOME WITH FRANCES STARR.............. 529 Ada Patterson.................. An intimate view of this brilliant young actress THE THRALDOM OF STAGE TRADITION........535 E. H- Sothern...................^ Customs which bind the interpreter of classic roles. EVADNE AND THE NEW DIRECTOR.............541 Epes Winthrop Sargent. Life among tne moving picture folk. THE CHORUS MAN................................547 Harold Benjamin................ Why is he? Whence comes he? Where does he go? THE LUXURY OF LAUGHTER....................554 George W. Monroe.............. A noted comedian discusses his profession. NOTES FROM THE DRAMATIC TRIANGLE.....559 Channing Pollock............... Critical reviews of the new plays. CRIMMINS, AT LIBERTY..........................568 Frank X. Finnegan.............. 1 he adventures of an actor at large. WANTED A SUCCESSFUL PLAY — NAZIMOVA 574 Archie Bell..................... Why has this tragedienne met with failure of late? FROM JULIET TO THE NURSE....................579 Helen Tracy...................... Age and the actress. FAVORITE DISHES OF WELL-KNOWN STAGE FOLK .............. .............684 Treasured recipes oi actor epicures. THE NEW LEADING MAN .........................588 Pauline Phelps.................. A romance ot foot-light life. CHRONICLES OF BROADWAY ....................598 Rennold Wolf.................... The latest bommols of the Rialto. SWITCHING THE SPOT-LIGHT....................608 James T. Powers............... A short story by an apostle of comedy. MY MOST SUCCESSFUL PLAY.............613 Henry Blossom ................. How "Mile. Modiste" was written. 617 KIMBALL’S COME-BACK ............ C. Mac Lean Savage A tale of the troupers. THE BROADWAY GOSSIP .................. 622 Donald Morris Jones........... Gabby goes on the stage. 630 LITTLE STORIES OF THE NEW PLAYS..... George Jean Nathan -------- Brief synopses of all the recent productions. ACE HIGH...................................... 640 William Carey ................ A real-life drama among the children of Thespis. PROTECTING PLAYS .............................647 An Interview with the Regis- trar of Copyrights.......... How to copyright your new play. PERSONALITY.................................... 652 William Collier............ Concerning a quality essential to success. THE FUR-LINED OVERCOAT...................... 660 Will A. Page ... .............. A surprising exploit ol Har*ld Dogstory. OPERA HOUSE TO-NIGHT ........... ......... 666 Reginald Barlow............... A true story of a stranded troupe. Advance; IS cents a niimlxr. Foreign posUge $1.00 additional. Canadian postage 50c. Subscriptions are re<-ei'eri sdraler* and Itf.uksrllrri, or may be tent direct to the Publishers. Remittances must be made by i’osiofiice or Impress Money UfOer. i-y $1.50 a year TERMS Registered Letter, or by Postage -Stamps oi 2-ccnt denomination, and r.ot by check or draft. tx-causr of exchange ch.irgcs against the Utter IMPORTANT NOTICE l>o not sul4cril>e to THE GREEN HOOK Al BUM through ageuts unknown to you :*crsonilly. or vou ml) il yourself defrauded. Many complaints ore received Irom people who have paid cash to some swindler. In which event, of course, the subscription uoer reaches tilts office. THE . ,K KEN BOOK ALBUM Is issued on the twelfth of the month preceding its date, and is for sale by all newsdealers after that time. In the event til failure to obtain copies at news-stands, or on railway trains, a notification to the Publisher* will be appreciated. Advertising forms close three weeks prior to the time of issue. Advertising rates on application. THE STORY-PRESS CORPORATION, Publishers, Heyworth Bldg., CHICAGO LOUIS ECKSTEIN President CHARLES M. RICHTER. Business Msn.ger RAI.PH K. STRASSMAN. Advertising Manager. 1172 Fifth Avenue Bldg.. New York	, _ . ... r R, M. PUHVBS. New England Representative. 201 Devonshire St., Boston	London OPP1CKS. 5 Henrietta St.. Covent yarden. London. . - Entered as second-class matter December 7, 1908, at the postoffice at Chicago, Illinois, under the Act oi Congress of March s. ±s'y-* BYRON BEASLEY. «• Heinrich Schultz, in "Kindling." See page 633 of this issue. Photograph by Matter.e, Los Angeles, Calif.GEORGE PROBERT, as Steve Bates. and MARGARET ILLiNG I'ON, us Maggie Schultz. in "Kindling.” Maggie: Do you think 1 don I know nothin about the Ten Commandments?" See page 633 of this issue. Photograph by White, New York.I hi* and the other h.lf of the ..me picture on the oppo.ite p«Ke .how . iccne from "Over the River." tbeplay in which EDDIE FOY is starring. See pagea 566 and 638 of this issue. Fhotograph by Moffett, Chicago.EDDIE FOY. as Madison Parke, and MAUD LAMBERT as Mr* Median P L • "O. L D-" PBK" 566 “nd 63fl of i..u, FHotograZh WWtCKc'w. 0V" ,he R'Ver-ALICE GENTLE, as Marguerite; MARIE CAHILL, as Celeste Deremy: and ANN TASKER, as Angele. in "The Opera Ball. See page 637 of this issue. Photograph by White, New York.A scene from MARIE CAHILL'S new musical comedy, "The Opera Ball." See page 637 of this issue Photograph by Whitr. New >ork.1 MARIE CAHILL. as Celeste Deremy. and HARRY CONOR, as Theophilus Beaubisson. in “The Opera Ball. See page 637 of this issue. Photograph by White, New York.This and the other half of the same picture on the opposite page show a scene from "Birthright." From left to right the players and the characters are: EILEEN O'DOHERTY. as Maura Morrissey;SYDNEY J. MORGAN, as Bat Morrissey; FRED ODONOVAN. as Hugh; and J M. KERRIGAN, as Shane. Sec page 635 of this issue. Photograph by Champlain Farrar. Boston.f LILLIAN ALBERTSON. „K.««, u««. »nd TULLV MARSHAL. .. Harry Lenox, in “The Talk^.- bee page 562 of (his itiue, Fhotograph by White, New York.A acene from The Wedding Trip.” S.-r page* 567 and 634 of ihia iaaur. Phofnpvnh by White Ntw York.CHRISTINE NIELSEN, as Fritzi. in "The Wedding Trip.” See pages 367 and 634 of this issue. Photograph by White, New York.r~"Kismet:" RITA JOUVET, a, Mar.inah. and OTIS SKINNF.R. a, Hajj. See page, 560 and 632 of this is Photograph by White. New York.ALLINE MORRISON, as Jill; KATHERINE LA SALLE, as Mao- Dexter; and BERTRAND BURTON, a* Jack, in "Shorty McCabe " See pane 638 ol this is«ue. photograph by Whitt. New VowPAULINE NEFF. «<• Josephine Burroughs, in "Th- Groin of Dull." See pnKe 630 of this issue.IZETTA JEWEL, as Dorothy Hallowell, and E. M. HOLLAND, as William Tetlow, in "The Grain of Dust. See page 630 of this issue. Photograph by Moffett. Chicago.OLIVE HARPER THORNE aa Mr.. Clayton Fiuhugh; JAMES K. HACKETT. as Frederick Norman; and VAUGHAN TREVOR. Uayton Fitzhugh, in The Gram of Dual.*' See page 630 of this issue. Photopvph fry Moffett. Chicago.By GEORGE BRONSON HOWARD Novelized, with the permission of MR^HOWARD and of HENRY B. HARRIS, by JOHN T. PRINCE. Jr. THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM FOR the first time in liis twenty-two years of existence, Henry Disney was really perplexed, and as he sat at the rickety table in his dollar-and-a- half-a-week room, he scratched his head, and gave vent to smothered ejaculations, as he glanced over papers Copyright, 1012, by the Story-Press Corporation. and photographs which had reposed in his old bag for years. Disney was what might be termed a might)- good-natured chap. in spite of the fact that the world had not show- ered its financial blessings on him here- tofore. He was but a milk-wagon drkr- Etitered at Stationers’ HaU, London. AH rights reserved. 481482 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM er—one of that ilk whose misfortune it is to have to arise with the sun dur- ing the summer, and several hours be- fore Old Sol when the weather is most cheerless. He was a large, fat, freckled- faced youth, with a smile which “wouldn’t come off,” and a determina- tion to look on the better side of things, if that side was ever turned his way. But here he was, confronted with a proposition to which he could find no solution. A knock came on the door; Buck Reade entered, attired in a garb which raised Disney’s eyebrows. Under ordinary circumstances Reade was rather a fine-looking young chap, slight, pale, with slim feet and hands, but with a manner of self-conscious- ness; his speech was ever studied, as he was continually endeavoring to be correct in both construction and pro- nunciation, Buck’s misfortune in life was that he was born to the menial sphere, and at present held a position in shops where his daily attire consisted of overalls and jumper, with the nec- essary adjuncts underneath. What was Disney’s surprise then, to see him clothed in evening dress of rather un- fashionable type—although Disney was all unconscious of this—with a large white tie clumsily arranged about his throat, and shod in new and squeaky patent-leather shoes. “Jumping Jehosaphat!” ejaculated Disney, leaping to his feet and taking Reade by the lapel of his coat; “been a fire-sale somewhere?” Reade wore a dignity which did not exactly become him, as he replied, much to the amuse- ment of his friend: "In good society, Henry, it is not considered proper to comment on a friend’s clothing.” “Aw, g’wan! You know you just beat it in^ here so’s I could get a peek at you.” Then, with another survey of the exhibition: “All you need is a gold- t'.pped cigaret, and you 11 be a ringer for the villain in ‘Wedded But No Wife.’ ” Reade drew himself up slightly, glancing in a resigned manner at Dis- ney. as he returned: “In good society, Henry, these suits are always donned after six p. m.” “Honest? Every night?” Reade nod- ded. “How do they keep ’em clean?” and he pointed to Reade's shirt front and tie. “Tn good society—Reade started again, when Disney broke in: •‘Don't make a song of it, Buck.” and the latter concluded: “They change them every night.” Disney glanced at his friend skeptical- ly, and he turned slightly away. “Huh! I guess they don't have to pay the laundry any eight cents a-piece for shirts, like I do. They must get a re- duction for quantity. Honest, Buck; have you got a job as waiter? ’Cause I	can't see any other reason for your havin’ that front.” Reade was inclined to feel offended, but Disney soothed him, so he confided the fact that he was going to “be a gentleman for one night, if he died for it.” Then he hesitated a moment, as though afraid that Disney would laugh at him, and continued: “Miss Lanvale’s having a theatre- party at the Opera House to-morrow night. You remember me telling you about her? The lady I showed through the shops? She’s only seen me in over- alls ; she wont recognize me in these, and I’ve a seat in the orchestra right near her box.” Disney expressed dismay at the thought of “two bucks” being thrown away in this manner, but finally real- ized that when a man is in love, what- ever his station in life, money cuts a small figure, if he can be close to the object of his affection. Reade then con- fided that he was even going to the Anglemere after the performance, to get something to eat, that he might still be near her, while she was dining. This proved the last straw for Disney, and he turned away disgustedly. “Aw, say, Buck! Don’t be a goat! What’s the use o’ bein’ daffy over a swell dame like that? You’re tony in your notions, but you aint there with the long green, and by the time you are, men your age’ll be callin’ her ‘Mommer.’ Forget it!” Reade immediately became despond- ent at this lack of sympathy with his love affairs, while Disney turned againSNOBS 483 to the survey of his papers and photo- graphs, looking up to add: “It's up to you to stop her runaway autahmobeel. That’s the way them magazine fel- lers gets over-weight.” Then, seeing Reade’s despair: “There, there. Buck! don’t mind me! The suit looks nifty, all riglit!” Reade started for his room to dis- card the clothes, when Disney suggest- ed they go over to Mike's for a game of pool later in the evening, following the expected visit of a lawyer. This caused Reade to make a wondering in- quiry, and Disney thrust out a letter for his perusal. He glanced over it, down to the signature, when he exclaimed: “Why, this is signed ‘Phipps Mayna- dier!’” “Lawyer’s monicker, evidently,” re- turned Disney. Reade opened his eyes in glad surprise. “Why, lie's the secretary of the Bachelors’ Cotillion Club—the most ex- clusive social organization in town!” “Well, I aint tryin’ to horn myself in there; but you see what he says,” and he took the letter back, pointing out a portion of it: “for me to get out my mother's marriage certificate and my birth certificate, and photographs of my father and mother.” He handed the photographs to Reade. “I never saw Pop, that I can remember; he was a Britisher. Ma said he used to hit the booze sumpin’ fierce. Good-lookin’ guy, wasn’t he?” Reade was gasping in as- tonishment as he looked on the fea- tures in the photograph. “Why, Henry! He was—a gentle- man !” “Sure he was,” returned his friend. “Just ’cause he gurgled the grape aint no reason for thinkin’ he wasn’t!” Reade turned to him a bit impatiently. “Oh, I don’t mean what you mean,” and he pointed to the uniform dis- played in the photograph. “Your father was an English army officer!” and a glance of admiration overspread his countenance, as he looked at Disney. The latter took another look at the pic- ture, and then up at Reade. “I’ll say this for you, Buck; you've picked up a lot, readin’ those books o’ yours. Comes in mighty handy, some- times.” Then he puffed up a bit. “So Pop was a swell, was he ?” and he walked away with an amusing stride. “I wish to God mine had been,” so- liloquized Reade, disconsolately. “I wouldn’t be a furnace-tender in the Mount Clare shops.” Disney turned quickly to his chum. “That’s got it all over drivin’ a milk-wagon—like me. What was your father, Buck?” He went over to the younger man, placing his hand consol- ingly on his shoulder. Reade looked straight ahead, as though trying to pierce through the gloom which he saw in his future. “He used to play the piano in saloons —and other places. Played by ear— could hardly read his own name.” Dis- ney patted him on the shoulder again, as he turned away slightly. “Looks like we ought to swap fa- thers, Buck,” and stopped as a knock came at the door. “Guess that’s the law- yer. Come in!” The door opened, disclosing a youth- ful, slender blonde and very well- dressed girl. She wore a black-and- white tailored suit, with a small velvet toque trimmed with aigrettes, black lynx furs, and carried a variety of gold jingles on a chain. As Disney saw her, he dived for his coat, and Reade was noticeably ill at ease. The young lady gave a look of surprise at Reade’s get- up, but smiled as she turned to him. - “I’m sure I beg your pardon. Are you Mr. Disney?” Reade was stupefied, but Disney came forward with an air of gallantry. “That’s me, Miss. Can I do anything for you ?” and he glanced at her polite- ly but admiringly. “I've been visiting my old nurse up- stairs, and stayed longer than I expected to. It’s dark, and raining now, so I shall want a cab to get home. Will you fetch me one?” Disney laughed good-natured- ly at the thought of such a thing, ex- plaining that she couldn’t get a cab in this district with a search-warrant. “They don’t have any use for them things down this way, 'cept for wed- din's and funerals.” Reade suggested the cab-stand at a distant corner, and Disney asked if she would await his re-484 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM turn until he could phone to this place. It would only take about ten minutes to have the cab there. Reade questioned the propriety of her waiting there alone with him, but Disney chipped in with. “A lot she cares what people down this way think/'	„ “Oh, you’re wrong, Mr. Disney when he broke in on her almost roughly. “Don’t throw a bluff, little lady. I drive a milk-wagon, and my friend, here, is a furnace-tender. We can say all we want to about bein’ as good as you are, but the louder we say it, the more we knosv it aint so,” and he stalked out on his errand. II There was a moment’s embarrassing pause, and then the feminine instinct asserted itself, as she turned to Reade, asking him what his position meant, to which he replied rather shortly that the name explained itself. Her expression exhibited her doubt of his being a fur- nace-tender, and she asked to see his hands, after an examination of which she expressed her disbelief openly, but he explained that soap and pumice- stone had virtues of their own. On her questioning his attire, he explained: “They’re the first I ever had.” She had unconsciously touched his vanity in a soothing manner, and had reached his heart. “I bought them ready made. Are they all right?" She looked him over critically. “All except the tie. Shall I show you?” and as he moved towards her, she untied the mess, and then, as she lied it neatly, explained carefully to him how she did it, that he might do like- wise in future, adding that she always tied her father’s for him. “Poor old Dad didn't wear dress ties until he was nearly forty.” Reade’s wide-open eyes at this announcement, caused her to add: “You see, he began life as an oys- ter-shucker, and they don't really need to know anything about dress clothes, lie’s Peter Parkyn; ever hear of him?” Reade’s eyes were opening wider all the time. “The Parkyn Pickling Co.?” Reade’s tone was that of open admiration, and Miss Parkyn smiled knowingly. “That's what they always say when Mamma tries to get me an invitation to the Bachelors’ Cotillions; only they turn up their noses, and you say it with respect.” The young man expressed surprise that there should be any ques- tion as to her eligibility to such events. “You see,” she continued, “they can’t forget that Dad was an oyster-shueker. That’s why rich American girls gener- ally marry foreigners. They’ve been gentlemen so long that they know noth- ing matters but money. Over here, where it’s a question of only two or three generations, they’re finicky.” Reade groaned in despair at this. He was getting his first real lesson in the requirements of a society man. “You mean to say that when a man has made money, he can’t get into so- ciety even then?" Her smile was some- what cynical. “Well, you see, Papa’s only made two or three millions. If it wrere twenty or thirty, we might get into New York so- ciety, by way of London, Paris and Monte Carlo. But in a town like this— well, it’s big, but awfully little in these things.” The conversation drifted on in this channel, until finally Reade was struck with an inspiration, and asked if she knew a Miss Lanvale, and if so, if she was like the society people Miss Parkyn had pictured. “She spells ‘Society’ with a double ‘S,’ and a hiss like a snake.” Reade was on the defensive in a second. “I showed her through the shops once, and she was very nice to me." Miss Parkyn approached him with the air of a philosopher, prepared to give him the first drop of real advice, which should act as wormwood, but so pre- pare him for the inevitable, should he ever have the opportunity to approach the sacred portals of the Society World —of which she had grave doubts. “It’s always easy to be nice to a man in a ditch, when you’re sitting on a wall. But when that same man gets a ladder, and wants a seat alongside you, there’s going to be some coldness.” Again Reade sought to defend the social position of the woman he ad-SNOBS 485 mired, but Miss Parkyn had an argu- ment for his every statement, and they were in the heat of the discussion, when Disney returned, and apologized, very much out of breath, to announce that no livery stable would send a cab to the house, as it savored too much of the practical joke. However, at that mo- ment, a cab was heard to stop before the house, and the two men rushed to the window, where they saw a man step- ping to the sidewalk. “Phipps Maynadier, I’ll bet,” said Reade, turning to Disney for confirma- tion—on which announcement Miss Parkyn swung about to them, with an air of reproach, asking what it meant, and if they had been putting up a game on her. Before they could answer or c?:plain, there was a knock, and Disney admitted Mr. Maynadier, who gave a pronounced start as he saw the young lady, in the presence of these working men. He was not a bad-looking man, this Phipps Maynadier—somewhat lean, but exceedingly well-groomed, wearing clothes of the latest cut, and carrying a gold-headed cane; he was inclined to be dandified, and having an air of super- ciliousness which spoiled the otherwise good impression one might have had of him on first acquaintance. He bit his small moustache in nervousness, and then apologized for his seeming intru- sion. “Couldn’t have come at a better time,” said Disney, enthusiastically. ‘‘The break’s just right.” He then ex- plained Miss Parkyn’s presence, and the dire need of a cab in which to send her home, requesting the loan of Mayna- dier’s, who expressed a slightly indif- ferent delight at the idea. Miss Parkyn wore a slight smile during the prelimi- nary explanations, but now walked over to Maynadier, eyeing him coolly. “I hate to be a bother, but it’s rain- ing, and the street cars are five blocks off.” Maynadier returned her glance with a somewhat puzzled expression. “I’ve seen you somewhere, surely; haven’t I?” She bowed with a little smile. “Yes—I live next door to you.” He started to apologize, on which Disney turned away to conceal his amusement at Miss Parkyn’s remark, and she went on : “Yes, Mr. Maynadier; but we don’t suffer from the same handicap that you do. You’ve got a ‘damned canner’ liv- ing next door to you—we haven't.” The slight inflection she gave the quoted remark seemed to chill the air, and the man hastened to offer another confused apology, but she went on wearily, brushing his remark aside: “Oh, don’t tell me you didn't say it. Be bold in your snobbishness, Mr. Mayna- dier. Tell me that you’ll do all you" can to keep the newly-rich out of the Bach- elors’ Cotillions; explain that you’ve your own kind of people to consider. Be a snob, if you will—but be a brave one.” Disney’s admiration for the little woman rose a thousand per cent at this display of nerve on her part, but he maintained silence for a moment. May- nadier made a brave display of apolo- gy for having called her father a “qual- ified canner,” and offered his cab. “Oh, I’ve no false pride,” she re- turned. “I don’t want to get muddy. I’ll take your cab, but I wont forgive you, because you’re not brave. Good- night, Mr. Disney—and Mr. Reade; and thank 3'ou both.” She started for the door. Disney, hat in hand, start- ed after her. “No, no. Don’t come down. Good-night,” and she was gone. Ill Disney looked after her admiringly, sighed deeply, and then turned to the others. “Aint she a peachamaroot!” Then he turned to Maynadier. “Did you catch onto her eyes, Chief? But what were you and her scrappin’ about?" Mayna- dier was obviously uncomfortable. “Really, Mr. Disney—” “Don’t ‘Mister’ me,” said that gentle- man. “I’m not used to it. Reminds me of the installment collector on a chip- diamond I bought a girl once. What's the argument?” At this Reade broke in bitterly, “Her father started life as an oyster- shucker, so she's not good enough for486 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM the secretary of the Bachelors Cotil- lion to know.” Disney was astounded, and his fighting blood was aroused at the thought of this little woman not being good enough for anyone. “Come on, now, Chief. CjcI it on your chest! What did you come down here for? If that little girl lives next door to you, and she a nit good enough for you. what did you blow down this way for? I'm common, I am; dead com- mon; and I don’t care who knows it! See?” Maynadier, seeing he had got himself in wrong to start, endeavored to smooth matters by announcing that Disney was far from being common, at the same time asking for the papers and photographs about which he had written. Disney swept the lot over to Maynadier with a gesture of disgust. “There’s the junk! What’s doing?” The lawyer examined everything very care- fully, and holding them in one hand, extended the other to Disney. “Your Grace, I congratulate you!” Disney withheld his hand, looking at Maynadier as though the latter had taken leave of his senses, and eyeing the papers closely. “Who gave you leave to take my pa- pers? Come through with them; come on!" But Maynadier only held them the closer, bowing to Disney. “I shall have to take them with me. They are necessary to prove your iden- tity as the Right Honorable Henry Lancaster Morpeth Orth, Knight Com- mander of the Bath, Baron Glenroy, Knight of the Garter, Earl of Flint and Duke of Walshire.” Disney listened to tins rigmarole with an expression of disgust and disbelief, and then shouted: “Say, Chief ! You don’t know me well enough to pull any of that kind of stuff! Maynadier replaced the pictures and papers on the table, at the same time taking a photograph from his pocket, and pointed to it, ex- plaining that the original was the third son of the Duke of Walshire; that he had been lost track of since he left England, after having got into trouble; that his eldest brother had broken his neck while fox-hunting; his second brother was killed in Afghanis- tan, and the two sons of the eldest brother had been drowned while yacht- ing. Taking up Disney’s photograph of his father, he showed that the two were of the same party. Reade had become intensely interested during this, and was now glancing over Maynadier’s shoulder, “Henry! He’s not kidding! It’s so! It’s so!” he said excitedly. Disney looked from one to the other, not know- ing what to do or say, and hardly be- lieving his own ears. Maynadier then settled all doubts in his mind by in- forming him that the New York law- yers, of whom he was the representa- tive, had learned that his father had assumed the name of Disney arid had married Celia Boggers, and that after their death, he, Henry Disney, had come here to live with his uncle, of whom he had learned this address, con- cluding the explanation with the re- mark : “You go to England as the greatest man in the United Kingdom—next to the royal family—the Duke of Wal- shire.” Disney opened his capacious mouth widely at this, gave a choking gasp, and sat heavily in a conveniently adjacent chair. “Good — Gawd ! — Me! — a — a — Dook!” He thought for a second, and then turned fiercely on Maynadier: “This’d better be on the level, or somebody’ll get killed!” Maynadier only smiled at this threat, and bowed again to his lordship. “You have five residences: Flint House. Cadogan Square; Beaulieu Ab- bey, Berks; Castle Gwvnnwydd, on the Marches; Richmond Castle—” but Dis- ney checked him in furious resentment, rising to his feet, and glancing about his poor quarters, feeling that all this was some cruel, practical joke, which the innocent Maynadier was playing on him. He couldn’t realize that such for- tune could be his, nor that Maynadier, never even having heard of him be- fore, could have anv possible motive for playing a trick of this kind. He was only fighting mad through and through, and looked much as though he would heave the lawyer through the door, closed as it was.SNOBS 487 IV “It’s funny, aint it!” said Disney catching the smile on the face of the sycophantic lawyer, who was seated by this time. Disney towered over him in his wrath. “You sit there and tell me how great I’m goin’ to be, an’ all the time you’re sayin’ to yourself: ‘If it was only me what’s gettin’ what this cheap skate’s gettin’Is Yes! An’ you know you’re better’n me all the time you’re pretendin’ respect,” and he tore on in his rage, informing Maynadier how he had come to be a milk-wagon driver, starting in to earn his living when only twelve years old, pointing to his big, coarse hands, as evidence of the fact that he was nothing but a workman. He didn’t thank anyone for dying and making him a “Dook,” deliberately accusing Maynadier of acting as though he thought Disney was trying to butt in where he didn’t belong. “But Your Grace—” Maynadier started. Disney choked him off. “Nix on that! Call me Disney!” and he turned disgustedly away. Reade tried to mend matters somewhat, and hesitatingly suggested: “But, if you’re a duke, Henry, you can’t go on driving a milk-wagon.” Dis- ney turned on Reade, as though he had expected him to stand up for his rights as an American citizen, and was disap- pointed on seeing him go over to the enemy. “Listen, Buck! I aint got any affec- tion for that milk-wagon. It aint goin’ to give me any pain not to get up at five g. in., but if you think I’m gunna Eng- land an’ make a holy show outa myself before all them Dooks an’ people, you got another think cornin’.” Then he turned to Maynadier with a remark and look which was meant to settle the mat- ter once and for all. “You can’t make no Dook outa me, just by tellin’ me I am one,” and to Maynadier’s query as to what Disney suggested as a way out of the situation, he continued: “You’re gunna teach me what I’m gunna do. Teach me, see ? I don’t talk right; I don’t dress right, an’ I don’t eat right— I don’t do a lot o’ things right that a Dook oughta do, so I’m gunna have you take me into society in this town. When I get a sort o' crust on, I’ll hit the pike for England.” Maynadier expressed delight at this proposition, and then, Disney, learning that the former was none too well off in respect to worldly goods, and realiz- ing that he would have to pay some one handsomely to go through* with this idea, made a good financial proposition to Maynadier, only making it a condi- tion that it should not become known that he was a “Dook.” To this, however, Maynadier was not inclined to agree, as, being a lawyer with small practice, and lawyers hav- ing little chance to get any legitimate advertising, he had figured on the no- toriety it would bring him if it were announced that he, Phipps Maynadier, had located the missing Duke of Wal- sh ire, and especially had found him working in the humble capacity of milk-wagon driver. He showed Disney a copy of one of the dailies, to prove that the publicity had already been started. The “Dook” gave a sigh of re- lief, after glancing it over, when he saw that his name was not mentioned. Maynadier was then for taking Dis- ney to New York, where he would have a better opportunity to remain incog- nito, but the latter wouldn’t hear of it. “ ’Member that girl that was here just now?” he asked, in the most serious manner. “Miss Parkyn?” Maynadier nodded, and wondered what she might have to do with the situation. “Well, she made a hit with me. I’m for her strong! When she walked out, I didn’t ever expect to see her again, ’cause I was a milk-wagon driver, and she was a real swell lady; but there’s been a fresh deal since then, and she can play in my ancestral castles, if she takes a notion. See?" Maynadier smiled in his supercilious manner, and his nose ele- vated just a trifle as he remarked: “You wont have to ask her but once!” Disney was inclined to become angry at the interference of Mayna- dier, and questioned the possibility of Miss Parkyn’s liking him, or even thinking of him a second time, after having seen him but once, but Mayna- dier called his attention to the fact that488 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM any Hr! would jump at the chance of being Duchess of Walsh,re. D.sney. with the thought in mind that all pub- licity, in so far as his name was con- cerned, was to be checked, remarked that she would never know, when May- nadier stuck the newspaper before him. “After that?” and Disney was dis- gusted again. “Aaaw!—Hell! Then turning to Reade, as a sudden thought struck him, lie informed that young man that he was to accompany him to England, which Reade seemed very pleased to agree upon. “All right; now this news- paper didn’t give any name for the Dook. If Maynadier introduces us at the same time, they’ll likely think you’re it! Why! It’s great!” Turning to May- nadier with the first broad smile he had worn for half ail hour, he asked: “Would 3'ou take me for a Dook when lie’s around?” Maynadier was disap- pointed at this suggestion on the part of Disney, and became almost angry as he asked Disney if he was insane. The latter laughed heartily. “No! I’m a Wisenheimer from Wise- ville-on-the-Weiser, Maynadier,” and he pointed to Reade’s hands and gen- eral appearance. “Look at his lily-white hands; observ e his intellectyoo-al brow. Does he step all over himself when he talks? He don’t! Does he crooly mas- sacre the English grammar? He don’t! All his life he’s bin trainin’ to be a Dook, an’ now his time’s come! Buck! You’re unanimously elected to all those barons and knights and earls and things that Maynadier says I am,” and he bowed low before Reade, who gazed at him with a puzzled expression, which had both a question as to Disney’s san- ity in it, and a refusal of the position thus thrust on him. Disney saw it not, however, and turned to Maynadier, as he bowed again. “Why don’t you salaam? Aint you got any respect for that great man, the Dook of Walshire?” V Maynadier had his hands full for the next few hours, endeavoring to smooth matters for the entrance of the newly- discovered Duke to the heretofore for- bidden realms of society, but by the following afternoon, Disney had attired himself in what to him was gorgeous raiment, and was ready for any fray which might occur. Reade, having ac- quainted himself, through his novels, with the dress demands of society, pre- sented a less striking appearance than his friend. Mrs. Pendleton Beauregard was gen- erally considered the personification of the acme of perfection in manners in the exclusive set, and thus we find her one of the most important members of the Country Club, and a person from whose decision on points of etiquette, etc., there was little or no chance of appeal. For many years (her years now numbered about half a century) she had striven to reach the point from which she now looked down upon the younger fry, and she was of that breed of femininity which never releases its social status without a good, stiff argu- ment. Her pet among the younger set was her niece, Laura Lanvale, the young lady of whom Reade presumed to dream. Of course, the debutante was ut- terly unaware of this grande passion. Mrs. Pendleton Beauregard and her lovely charge were seated on the after- noon following the discovery of the Duke of Walshire, before the fireplace in the general reception hall of the Country Club, engaged in the small talk of such people. A man passed through the room carrying his bag of golf-sticks, and the elder lady turned to see who it was, raising her usually high-pointed nose a trifle more than ordinary as he turned back to her niece. “There goes that Bickens person. Surely he isn’t a member of the club?” “My dear Aunt Phcebe’- said the younger one, with a resigned expres- sion, “anybody can belong to a Country Club; and everybody who can afford the price.” Mrs. Beauregard sighed in despair, as the thought of other and earlier years of her club life recurred to her. “But why? It didn’t use to be like that. Formerly, one only saw the peopleSNOBS 489 one knew.” Laura turned slightly to her aunt, and remarked rather satirically: “Yes; and that’s about all one did see! One didn’t see any cricket-house or bowling-alleys or swimming-pool; and the dining-room was a disgrace! We’ve two thousand members now.” Mrs. Beauregard was inclined to be scornful at this vulgarly bragging re- mark. “Yes; and what kind of members?” “All kinds; but one doesn’t have to know them all.” The argument was ended by the en- trance of Miss Parkyn, which called for a scarcely subdued sniff from the matron. Miss Parkyn was very attract- ively gowned in a golfing outfit, with a white stock collar, fastened with a gold horn; her skirt was quite short and neatly pleated, and the white Tam-o'- Shanter, which she removed shortly after she entered, seemed a fitting finish for her girlish attractiveness. She gave the two women a glance of recognition as she went directly to the mirror to arrange her tossed tresses. She was a care-free little woman, sufficiently in- dependent, so that the apparent cool- ness of the others affected her not at all; in fact, it rather amused her. “Hulloa, Laura,” she chirped. “Seen Phipps Maynadier to-day?” “I have not seen Mr. Maynadier,” said Laura, and the very slight inflec- tion she placed on the “Mr.” caused a smile on the lips of the questioner, but she passed it by as not worthy of note. She invited the others to tea with her, but they declined, so she ordered some for herself, to be served there, and then proceeded to inform Laura regarding her trip of the previous night, of having met Maynadier there, and that she had learned on her return home, that he “dug up a Duke.” “Do you know, I’ve an idea that I met him.” Here was occasion for Laura to unbend, which she did, to the obvious enjoyment of the other, who read her like a book, and her amusement was even greater to see Mrs. Beauregard relax a bit of her habitual stiffness and frigidity at the mention of royalty. To Miss Lanvale’s query as to what his lordship looked like, she continued: Well, on one hand, he was slender, romantic and very much in love with you.” She spoke off-handedly, as though the process of falling in with royalty were an every-day occurrence with her. But Laura, at the mention of the young man being in love with her, was more than ever interested, and Mrs. Beauregard gave her chair an extra hitch, the better to hear the conversa- tion. Miss Parkyn lost not one jot of all this, and having started things well, was prepared to go on. “In love with me? What are you talk- ing about, Nondas?” The boy entered with the sandwiches and tea, setting the tray before Miss Parkyn, and the Lanvales, aunt and niece, maintained their patience until he had left. Nondas started with her little lunch very calm- ly, allowing the others to start the ball rolling again, and then she talked very indifferently about her experience, afl the while enjoying Laura’s nervous anxiety as to how the Duke could know anything of her. With a mouth-full of sandwich, she looked up, and went on: “He showed you through the Mount Clare shops once, he told me.” Laura clasped her hands ecstatically, as the romance of the situation dawned upon her, and turned to her aunt. “I remember. He was very good- looking, and had beautiful manners,” and then she turned back to Nondas, as though to coax more information. “And that was the Duke of Walshire?—Only fancy,” and again her mind flew off to castles in the air. Already she was plan- ning how she could meet? the Duke; whether, now that he was a Duke, he would still care for her, and what she should do when she was in reality a Duchess. These dreams are so beautiful —for women of American society. Miss Parkyn ate on. with a perfectly bland expression, but an unobserved twinkle in her eye; she seemed to be chewing the cud of reflection, as though she had something to “put over” on Miss Lan- vale, and was figuring on how best to accomplish this. She looked up, with a far-away expression, which was some- what akin to Laura’s previous one, as she added:490 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM “On the other hand, he was freckled, broad-shouldered, and drove a milk- wagon/' There was no smile on her face now, for she was back in the room again, and looking at the big, good- natured fellow who had run the errand for her; it mattered little to her whether be was a Duke, if circumstances could only be brought about— “What are you doing, Nondas? Laura’s tone of annoyance brought her back to her repast in one bound. “De- scribing two entirely different persons as the Duke of Walsh ire?” “Well, there were two of them,” and again the mischievous look came. “One was named Reade; the other, Disney. Disney had freckles—and a sense of humor. Reade had been educating him- self on ten-cent novels, bound in dollar- and-a-half covers; current literature, in fact; free library stuff.” Laura listened, and then hesitated, as she figured how to ask the question uppermost in her mind, but Nondas anticipated her. “In love with you? Why. Reade was. He's been reading ‘King Cophetua and the Beggar Maid,’ and he’s got you cast for the metamorphosed male lead.” Laura tried to be dignified, as she withdrew a step, and asked, with an air of almost incredulity: “How could he be in love with me?” Nondas stopped in the act of biting a sandwich, glancing at Laura critically from head to foot. “I’m blessed if I know. No sense of humor, probably.” Laura’s anger was aroused by this, but Nondas diplomat- ically smoothed the ruffled waters, and Laura again asked if she really thought Reade was the Duke. “Well, he’s nearer the popular con- ception of a nobleman than the man who drove the milk-wagon. Oh, I forgot to ask you, Laura,” and she turned from her cup of tea again: “Is a Duke eligible to marry into the Lan- vale family?” She noted Laura’s look of surprise and query, but went on very innocently: “You see, if it should turn out that Mr. Reade were the Duke, I was just wondering if his family would be good enough to permit you to be his wife?" Laura was inclined to be sarcastic, as she endeavored to give Nondas a lesson in the rights of royalty. “The Duke of Walshire is the great- est nobleman in England, Nondas. He can keep his hat on in the King's presence.” “Does the family have a chronic cold, or do they get bald early?” Nondas’ expression was an absolutely bland one, and this annoyed Laura. “Nondas! Is nothing sacred to you?” “Money is. Speaking of that, the Duke of Walshire has fourteen million pounds sterling. I thought from that, that his grandfather might be a retired brewer.” Laura became frigidly up- right in her carriage. “It’s one of the oldest titles in Eng- land!” “Oh, then the money must have come in a perfectly gentlemanly manner—like marrying some woman who had it ” She turned to see a boy entering with the afternoon papers, and taking one from him, opened it, to learn the latest news of the Duke. “This will tell us which is the Duke—Reade or Disney.” She looked it over very carefully, Laura standing by her side, and even Mrs. Beauregard, after a second’s hesi- tation, went over to the young ladies, and Laura introduced her to Nondas, after her query as to whether she “knew the young lady?” Mrs. Beaure- gard inclined her head at the introduc- tion, as though in great pain, thus acknowledging Nondas’ necessary, but undesirable,presence. Nondas’ acknowl- edgment was almost equally cool, and then she turned slightly, writh a smile, as she remarked quietly: “I always like to know who’s looking over my shoulder.” The elder lady accepted the thrust by turning with an air of great dignity, and going to her chair, where she sat again. Nondas watched her, and then reopened the paper, looking it over until she gave a little cry of pleasure as she found the article she wished. A second later she was disappointed. “Wre’re done, Laura. The mystery of the missing Duke is not explained in this instalment,” but Laura didn’t grasp it. “Thimble, thim- ble; who’s got the thimble? Phipps Maynadier refuses to give any informa-SNOBS 491 tion. He says the Duke is found; that he is in an humble situation, and that he knew nothing of his good fortune," and she again looked at the article, reading aloud: “ 'The Duke does not desire his identity to become known at the present time, for reasons he does not care to explain.’” She handed Laura the paper, and looked at her. “Now’s the time.” said she, glancing quickly at Laura, “to use your knowl- edge of blood and breeding. Surely a Lanvale ought to be able to smell out a Duke,” and with this Parthian shot, she left to change from her golf- clothes. Mrs. Beauregard looked after her, and then snorted: “An odious thing; ill-bred, and utterly common.” Laura was down-cast for a moment, and then the idea of the Duke took hold of her again, and she switched around to her aunt. “Do you suppose she was telling the truth about the Duke?” “Why should she,” snapped that lady. “Other men have been in love with you. Phipps Maynadier, for instance.” Laura gave her head a slight toss at the men- tion of the lawyer’s name. “Yes; but a Duke! How romantic it would be! Think of meeting him, as a laborer. And I hardly noticed him, ex- cept that he was a very respectable person.” Then she aviated again to her air-castles, until her aunt brought her back to earth by asking what she was day-dreaming about. “Think of being the wife of the premier peer—the first lady of England! Why, I should walk into Court directly after the royal fam- ily. The first lady of England! And he’s a multi-millionaire, besides!” Then followed an argument between the two as to the social standing of the Lanvale family, of which both of them were members. There seemed to be some question in the mind of her aunt as to whether Laura would really be eligible as the wife of the Duke of Wal- shire, for was he not as far above her as she had been alx>ve him, when he was a furnace-tender? Then also arose the question as to whether or not there were not some definite understanding between Laura and Maynadier, at which Miss Laura was virtuously in- dignant. How dare anyone question her about Maynadier, when she had the opportunity to land a Duke ? “It’s likely I’d bother about Phipps, if I could have the Duke of Walshire!” “You haven’t snared your ducal bird out of the bush yet,” returned her aunt, with a sweetness of tone which fore- boded further trouble, if the young lady persisted against her wishes. “And you have got Phipps in the palm of your hand.” “Well, if I marry him, it means the same kind of poverty I’ve had all my life; and poverty on ten thousand a year is the worst kind of poverty there is; you know that, Aunt Phoebe,”—and the elder woman signified her knowledge of the fact by an expressive nod of her head. “Besides, the moment I go to New York, London and Paris—any big city —I’m a nonentity. I want to be some- body in the big world, not in this small one.” Her aunt gave her a sympathiz- ing glance, as of one who had passed through the mill years ago, and knew whereof she was speaking. “My dear, it’s pretty nice to be some- body anywhere. But I sympathize with you,” and she reached out her hands to her niece; “we're all nonentities, liv- ing on our families’ past greatness. That’s why we’re such great ancestor worshipers.” She started for the door, and Laura dragged herself after her aunt, and peered through the lattice. “Here comes Bradley Fairfax!” Her aunt also looked in that direction, and almost sank back on the floor as she gasped: “And who’s that he has with him?” “He must be quite all right, or Brad- ley wouldn’t be seen with him. Bradley is, if anything, just a trifle too correct,” and they returned to their chairs to await Fairfax’s arrival, turning their high-backed chairs so that the new- comers could not see them as they en- tered. VI “Get one flash” of Disney, as he him- self would say, as he came into the re- ception room with the more than highly492 T1IE GREEN BOOK ALBUM respectable Bradley Fairfax. He was a sight for the gods, and the environ- ments of the Country Club, used as they were to strange sights, must have trembled on their foundations when he appeared. Why is it that large men, even those whose knowledge of dress should be correct, will invariably array themselves in something loud ? Do they think their bulk wont attract sufficient attention ? Possibly. However that may be. Disney could have been both seen and heard half a mile before he entered the portals of the exclusive precincts. Black and white check suit, pink necktie, gray spats, which were almost of a blue turn of mind, flannel waist- coat, surmounted with broad black and white stripes! All of them cost good money, for he had been lavish, but all of which fitted him semi-occasionally, having been ready-made, and Disney’s manly bulk was not of a sort to permit the ready-made type of clothes to hang just right. He had large, dog’s-head cuff-buttons on his sleeve extremities, and carried a stick, with the same em- blem on the head of it; these were all of solid gold, with ruby eyes for the ca- nines, and the stick created a louder report than the wearer himself. He was a picture! In sharp contrast was Bradley Fair- fax, faultlessly dressed in the fashion of the day; very quiet and unassuming in all respects; they were as day and night, set side by side, and had the fem- inine portion of the Lanvale family had any sense of humor whatever, they would have enjoyed a hearty laugh when first their eyes fell upon {he pair. Fairfax was obviously uncomfortable in the presence of Disney, and was not slow to make known his feelings. “I say, you know,” he remarked, as he turned to that person, on entering the room; “I don’t like to say it; but this is a club, you know; a cfub! And only members are allowed in it!” Dis- ney beamed on him his supreme wealth of smile. “Well; aint you a member?” Fairfax had to acknowledge that he was. “Well, can’t you take me into your club?” Fair- fax twisted nervously for the space of a second, and then had a brilliant idea. “Only with a party of six. And, be- sides,” as an afterthought, which he believed would clinch the situation; “I don’t know you!” ‘‘You knew me well enough to take a ride in my autahmobeel, didn’t you?” The dispositions of the two men were becoming more and more apparent every moment; the chill, society man- ner of the one, and the genial, open- heartedness of the other’s democracy. Fairfax grasped unavailingly at a straw. “Well; you asked me.” “Certainly I asked you,” and Disney patted the other on the shoulder. “I try to act the gentleman, even if I aint one. An' when I see you with your autahmobeel all on the fritz, I says: ‘Leave your man to take care of it, and send a hurry-call for the repair shop;' didn't I? But I’m looking for Miss Parkyn,” he continued, as he grasped the other by the coat lapel, Fairfax trying to evade him and go to the 'phone. “Miss Nondas Parkyn; they said at her house that she was out here.” Fairfax stiffened perceptibly. “I don’t know the person you speak of.” Had Disney been better acquainted with the manners and habits of society people, he might have resented this more, but he simply questioned: “Aint }'ou a member of this club? Well; so is she.” Fairfax denied all knowledge of her, anyway. “Well, this aint my style of a club, then, so I don’t think I’ll join. Why, in our little club we had over a delicatessen store down on Pratt street, we was all ‘Buck’ and ‘Hen’ and ‘Bill’ to one another.” The situation was becoming painful to Fairfax, who was afraid some one would enter and discover him with this fearful person, and again he endeav- ored to break away, but Disney’s hold on him was sure, and he asked him to be friendly enough to give his opinion on his apparel. Fairfax hesitated, and hemmed a bit. Disney only held to him the harder, and tried to pin him down to facts, explaining that he had “flitted from store to store” all by himself, buying the best he could find. He was becoming very much interested in his account, when Nondas entered, havingSNOBS 493 made a change to an afternoon walking dress, carrying her Russian sable coat over her arm. Disney saw her the mo- ment she entered, and turned to her, still holding onto Fairfax. “Oh, there you are. I called on you, but they said you were out here, so I hired a big pink autahmobeel, to match my pink tic—and here I am,” and he smiled blandly at her. Her amusement at his dress was great, but she managed to cover it sufficiently to avoid hurting his feelings, and gave her attention to the fact that his grip on Fairfax was hurting that gentleman’s dignity, if not his feelings. “I’m afraid you’re hurting your young friend, Mr. Disney.” Fairfax begged to be released, now that Disney had found Miss Parkyn, but Disney refused until he had introduced the two club members. He gave Miss Parkyn’s name, and then hesitated, as he remem- bered he didn’t know the name of the man he was holding. “What’s your name. Chief ?” “My name can be of no use to you, sir,” snapped Fairfax. “I repeat em- phatically, I don’t know you!” Disney began to appreciate more thoroughly the situation, and resolved to make the most of the funny side of it. “Oh, is that all? Well, my name’s Disney. Now you know me.” Nondas’ appreciation of the situation was in- tense, but she concealed her satisfaction of it, and added her drop of sarcasm to the rapidly rising flood. “I am afraid I must agree with your young friend, Mr. Disney. Your meth- od of introduction is a bit primitive. Before introducing people, you ought to find out if they desire it, and as your young friend is seemingly ashamed of his name, I should prefer not to meet him.” This was a staggerer to Fairfax. That he, one of the very elite of the city’s aristocracy, should be snubbed by a young woman whom nearly every member of the exclusive set had in turn snubbed! He spluttered angrily: “Ashamed of my name? Prefer not to meet me?” Disney looked from one to the other, not quite getting this, but feeling an apology due Miss Parkyn. “Gee! I ought to be more careful!” Then on second thought: “But he's a member of the club, so he must be all right. Or, maybe,” as another thought broke in, “he just said he was a mem- ber,” and he took a firmer grip on Fair- fax, as though to administer chastise- ment, if such proved the case. “Go see if he’s on the square with that talk, Miss Parkyn. I don’t want to get in wrong the first day I come out here.” Fairfax was fairly boiling with impotent wrath by this time and endeavored to shake himself free, but he might as well have tried to free himself from the grip of an enraged bull-dog. “You! Why, confound you!” But Disney only turned his sunny smile on him, which aggravated Fairfax the more. “Don’t get peeved, Archibald. Re- member; anything you say will be used against you. It’s my fault; I brought you here.” On this, Nondas, who had managed to keep her face straight throughout, burst into an uncontrollable fit of laughter, while Fairfax turned and twisted unavailingly, Disney look- ing from one to the other, as though to learn from Nondas what he should do next with his victim. Then Mrs. Beau- regard arose in all her matronly dignity and might, to freeze both Nondas and Disney with a look and a word, but Dis- ney only wondered where she blew in from, and Nondas cared little for the matronly interference. “This has gone far enough,” she ut- tered, as she swept majestically into the view of the others. Laura followed her, with a reproving look at Nondas, whom she addressed. “Nondas, you should be ashamed; you know very well this is Mr. Fair- fax.” Nondas turned coolly to Laura, smiling very innocently. “He doesn’t know me; how could I be expected to know him ?” Fairfax took fresh courage at the intervention of the feminine squad, and threatened to complain to the club authorities. He turned to Disney. “You, sir, shall be—” but Disney gave him an extra shake at this threat. “Shall be!” And again Fairfax felt his courage oozing, and turned piteous- ly to Mrs. Beauregard for assistance.THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM “Mrs. Pen, I appeal to you. I am neither an athlete nor a pugilist, and this—this person is very strong." Sum- moning all her dignity, the lady ap- pealed to, addressed Disney, though much against her better judgment, as he had not yet been introduced to her, thus putting her in the way of breaking the conventional rules of society. “Young man, release that gentle- man!" Disney looked at Mrs. Beaure- gard. and then turned to Nondas for permission to put this command into ex- ecution. That young lady, endeavoring to assume a dignified manner, which she was far from feeling, told Disney, that as Fairfax seemed to know the other ladies, he must come from a respectable family, and requested, for his family’s sake, that he be released, and he was freed. When far enough away from Disney, Fairfax again spoke of com- plaint to the board of governors, and Mrs. Pen remarked about the inadvisa- bility of admitting anyone and every- one to the sacred precincts, whereupon Nondas applied her little whip again, pointing to Fairfax. “This young man should have thought of that before he brought his friend in.” “Madam!” exclaimed Fairfax in pro- test, but Nondas cut in again. “Don’t call me ‘Madam.’ I only al- low the butcher and baker to do that," and both she and Disney smiled aside. Fairfax finished his sentence in a perfect fury. “He is not my friend—he is not my friend !—not, not, not my friend!” Non- das looked almost as though she would like to set this speech to music, but turned calmly to Disney for another thrust at Fairfax. “The young man is very much hurt by your coldness, Mr. Disney. Be his friend!" Disney crossed over to Fair- fax, offering his hand, which Fairfax, in surprise, did not deign to accept. “All right, Chief. I don’t hold any hard feelings,’’ but Fairfax was alto- gether speechless at this turn of affairs, so Disney grasped his limp hand, and shook it warmly, turning to Nondas then, to see if everything was all right. Laura then deemed it advisable to take a hand in the proceedings, and scolded Nondas for Disney’s presence, stating that if the latter didn’t leave immediate- ly, she and her aunt would make a com- plaint, and Disney would be put out. That was sufficient for the ex-milk- wagon driver, and he promptly turned back his cuffs, turning to Laura. “Lady, if you've got a bouncer that wants some exercise, trot him out! I’ll oblige him!” VII Phipps Maynadier's entrance on the scene prevented what might have hap- pened, and he was horror-stricken to find Disney present. The latter turned to him as to an old friend, explaining that he had arrived just in time to wit- ness a nice little scrap, as “this lady," and he indicated Miss Laura, “is going to have me put out of the club." On Disney speaking in this friendly man- ner to Maynadier, Mrs. Pen looked as though she would have need of smelling salts, asking him faintly if he “knew this person,"—which question Laura almost simultaneously chirruped. Fair- fax started again with his protest against the outrageous conduct, etc., when Maynadier, seeing the futility of any other explanation, said, with a forced smile: “He’s a great practical joker, Disney is. So you’ve all made his acquaintance, have you ?" Fairfax denied that this pleasure had been his. “Why, didn’t you just shake me by the hand, and say you wanted to be my friend?" and Disney started as though to grasp Fairfax by the hand again, but the latter sought refuge behind the law- yer. “Phipps, if that person lays a hand on me again—” but Mrs. Beauregard was starting for the door, afraid that an in- troduction to her would come next, and called for Laura to follow suit. May- nadier detained Laura for a few words, and Mrs. Pen commissioned Fairfax to escort her to the Turkish room for a liquor brandy, as she felt faint, and thus they made their escape from the detest- ed presence. Maynadier turned toSNOBS 495 I^aura, and Nondas and Disney imme- diately became engaged in a conversa- tion on the merits of his outfit. “You've the courage of your convic- tion. Mr. Disney, but your necktie is shocking,” and she laughed happily; "it’s almost a cravat.” Disney looked in- to his neck, as well as the fatness of his chin would permit, and said ruefully: “I thought it was a pretty shade.” Nondas took him sympathetically by the arm, as she half turned him toward the door. “Then I’d advise you to give up thinking altogether.” She looked him over from head to foot, as she added: "You know' you wouldn’t look half bad if you were dressed properly.” Laura and Phipps had become interested in this discussion by this time, and Laura started to reprove Nondas for speaking to Disney about his clothes thus. But this had no more effect on the independ- ent young Miss than to cause her to de- fend her stand. “Which is best? To snub a person be- cause they don’t dress and act as you do, or to explain to them why other people snub them.” Then she turned to the lawyer, with a cynical smile. “For shame, Mr. Maynadier, to let a protege at large in such a comic kit.” Disney was standing open-mouthed at all this discussion about him, and glancing over his clothes in an earnest endeavor to locate the exact difficulty with them. To him they seemed the acme of correct- ness. Maynadier’s denial that he had anything to do with the purchase of the raiment, brought the question from Dis- ney as to whether Maynadier also thought them bad, upon which Nondas broke in again, as though she had de- cided to take complete charge of the misguided ex-laborer. “Bad! It’s a sartorial crime! I’ve a golf necktie in my locker that I’ll let yon have; sorry I haven’t shoes and waistcoat, too. Come along.” Disney looked at her trim little figure, and then at his corpulency, and a smile covered his face at the thought of his being able to pour himself into anything of hers. “That’s the way to talk,” he said. “Pat me right. I was a bonehead to blow myself before asking somebody.” Then he caught sight of the canehead and the cuff-links, and asked: “But the bow - wow s are pretty, aint they? Look here, and here, and here,” and he point- ed proudly to the trio of dog’s-heads, which looked as though he were en- deavoring to advertise a brand of ale. Nondas heaved a sigh as she saw them, and resignedly remarked, as she escort- ed the big fellow off to the locker-room : “Oh, I dare say they’ll take them back.” VIII Left alone with Maynadier, Laura gave a sniff, tossed her head, and walked to the door through which the others had gone, giving a final look at the retreating form of Disney, as his huge bulk moved down the hall; then she turned to Maynadier with a smile of compassion for Nondas. “I wonder if she thinks he’s the Duke?” Phipps raised his eyebrows slightly, and questioned what Laura thought about it. “That odious person! —a Duke!” “I didn’t say he was,” returned May- nadier. “I merely asked you what you thought.” “Well, that person is no Duke; on that you may depend,” and Laura dis- posed of Disney’s chances for royalty with another toss of her head. Then she turned to Maynadier, and with a pro- nounced change in tone and manner, asked: “What sort of a person is Mr. Reade?” The lawyer’s answer was not such as to inspire Laura with a terrific love for the furnace-tender, but there was the thought of the millions which went with him, and millions are very attractive to an American society wom- an ; there is always the haven of the di- vorce court, if the bringer of the for- tune becomes unbearable for any reason whatever; beside which, there’s ali- mony, and—but Maynadier was de- scribing Reade to her, so she awoke to this. “Reade’s a boy with his head crammed full of nonsense he’s got out of society novels, written bv men who call cotillions ‘serines,’ and think we still use dance cards. His language is so cor-496 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM rect, one thinks he’s going to apply for a position as butler.” The lady ques- tioned as to whether Reade was the Duke, but was told that the promise had been made that that gentleman was to remain entirely incognito for a time. She pleaded, but in vain, for was May- nadier going to throw away the chance of his twenty-five thousand a year for acting as mentor and cicerone, which was to be paid only on the condition that the incognito was to be absolute? “And that’s what I wanted to tell you,” he went on. Then with an enthusiasm which no one would have accused him of, but which in a real man would have appeared blase, he added: “We can af- ford to marry now.” “Oh, can we?” There was such a total lack of any kind of expression in her answer that any other than Phipps Maynadier would have been stunned but to him it was like so much water on a duck’s back, so he continued: “We’ll live in London, and I can dou- ble my salary by favoring the trades- men and contractors who supply the Walshire estates. He wont be able to do anything without me, and you can jolly well believe I’ll be the real Duke,” and he advised her to have her mother an- nounce their wedding for the following month ; but Miss Laura was in no hurry for it. Again she was in her air-castles, with the real Duke, odious as he might possibly be, for she hadn’t the slightest doubt that Reade would search her out, now that he had money, and she would certainly make him think he was the only man in the world for her. No; Phipps Maynadier, in her estimation had been all right until she had the pres- ent opportunity thrust before her. “You don't seem terribly keen about our marriage, somehow. What’s the matter? You know I care a whole lot for you; but you can hardly expect me to do the romantic thing, can you? Pve known you too long. However,”—and he bent over and kissed her very gracious- ly and considerately—“there.” She was startled out of herself by this action of his: He raised his hands, as though not knowing how else to account for this unwonted action on his part. “Well, you seemed to want it. Personally, it’s an awful bother to be sentimental. I’m not up to it. I like you because you’ve got sense.” Had the little god of love been present, he would have doubled up at this remark. “You know how to preside at a dinner table; you look pretty, and you’re not the kind that gets talked about.'* God love the lovers among the snobs! surely no one else does, and they need sympathy, for they can’t see themselves as others see them. Laura was again far away from her present surround- ings, but he went on. “But sentiment! That’s the sort of thing would make me marry a chorus girl!” He patted her shoulder, which, in itself, was a great concession on his part, considering he expected to make her his wife. Then he told her to run along to her aunt, as he wanted to ar- range visitors’ cards for the Duke and his friend. The mention of the Duke brought her back again, and with all the ingenuousness at her command, she inquired when she should meet that party, but he evaded the question clev- erly, and strolled off to the office. Laura stood a moment in thought, and was starting off on another of her trips in the clouds, as she moved in the direc- tion whence her aunt had gone, when she was confronted by Reade. IX That gentleman, with his knowledge of the dress of society people, gleaned from his studious perusal of novels, had borrowed a riding-suit, and thus was not a half-bad looking proposition. At least, so thought Laura, as she gave a little start upon seeing him, realizmg that she would have him all to herself for a moment at least. Reade’s surprise at thus coming upon the object of his adoration, was even greater than hers, for his love/was real. He stood for a moment, unable to speak, and then col- lected himself enough to ejaculate: “Miss Lanvale—Miss Lanvale!—Do you remember me?” She endeavored to control her feelings, but only half suc- ceeded, a fact which was not at all ap- parent to him, however.SNOBS 497 "Yes—I—do—remember—you! But it can’t be! It—can't—be!” By the time she had completed the sentence, she had regained control of herself, and was playing her part admirably. He fairly gasped with joy. “After all these months—and you re- member a poor workman? Oh, it is hard to believe!” The assurance with which she accepted his statement, set him on his feet in a cloud of fancy. “Oh, I’ve often thought of you, and those pleasant hours I spent in the shops.” He caught her up quickly on the time. “It was just an hour and twelve min- utes.” He was fairly beside himself, and hardly knew how to proceed, and Laura was not giving him any too much as- sistance. She was thinking—thinking hard; how to land him surely before anyone else came along. Finally he con- tinued in an agitated tone: “I’ve been thinking of you for six months, Miss Lanvale; dreaming of you, but you were Miss Lanvale, and I was only a poor mechanic in the shops.” Laura be- came virtuous in an instant; almost in- dignantly so. “You think I am like that?” and the reproof in her tone cut him like a knife. “That a paltry thing like social position should make any difference to me?” Reade was confused, and naturally put his foot in it at once. “But she—a lady I met last night—” and he became doleful at the thought of what Nondas had said to him, “said you spelled Society with a double ‘S’.” Mrs. Beauregard entered on the stairway, and taking the situation in at a glance, remained quietly out of sight of the twain, on the lower step. For a second Laura was nonplused by his remark, and then brightly turned to him. “It is not my fault if I am in what other people term ‘society.’ It is the man and the woman themselves, which one must look to.” Now assured that she had guessed the situation correctly, Mrs. Beauregard discreetly left the room, smiling calmly. She could trust her niece’s future in her hands, from what she had seen and overheard. “Then you care nothing for what a man’s father might have been ?” Reade asked excitedly, and she shook her head with all the assurance in the world that such a trifling thing as ancestry should have any effect whatever on her. Whereupon he proceeded to enlighten her about his father’s very humble ex- istence, and of his own low beginning and slow rise, with long hours and hard work, arguing that he must have been mad to have thought of her as he had done. Laura had begun to purr softly to herself by this time, as she felt things were drawing rapidly to the proper cli- max, and the smooth query of hers as to why he should term it madness, elicited his statement that even now he was in another man’s clothes—a riding suit, which he was not even able to use properly, as he could not sit astride a horse, so he had been obliged to walk to the club. “Why, this is the first time I have ever been in a decent house. I’ve lived in the slums all my life.” Then he turned to her suddenly, as even now his presence needed an explanation. “And do you think I’d have dared to come into this club if I were what I was when you met me ? No! I’m going to England! I’ve had some good fortune.” Then sud- denly he turned again towards her, as his love swelled higher. “If I had money enough to—” But he terminated his speech shortly, with a rueful expres- sion. “But, no! It’s madness.” Laura spoke most encouragingly to him, for she was supported by the thought of the millions of pounds sterling, and that’s enough to make any society wom- an courageous, and he turned again, noting the expression in her eyes. “Are you mad, too ?” She beamed 011 him with all the beau- ty at her command, and fairly dazzled him into a lover’s unconsciousness. “I love everything that is beautiful—even madness.” He started again to tell her of his love, but caught himself, much to her disappointment. Then grasping her hands in the height of his ardor, he asked if he might see her again that day. “I’ve a box party to-night at the opera house. If you come to my box between the acts—Box D—” It was all498 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM Reade could do to control himself, but he managed to make a mental note of the letter, and releasing her hands, asked where Maynadier might be found, confiding to her that these were Maynadier’s clothes he was wearing. She made him promise not to say a word to Maynadier about her, which raised a question in his mind, but she stilled that very easily, and then she pointed the way to the office, where he might find the lawyer. He bent over her hand as he took it in his, and repeated the box letter. Lau- ra became slightly emotional, as she re- peated his statement. “Box D. Between the acts!” and Reade left to find Maynadier. Laura, standing with a very self-satisfied smile, congratulated herself on her triumph, for she felt it was inevitable now that she should become the Duchess of Wal- shire. X In the midst of Laura’s reveries her aunt entered, going hurriedly to her side. ‘‘So that was the ducal bird, eh? He's really very presentable, although he talks like the hero of ‘Junie’s Love Test.’ ” Laura turned on her aunt se- verely. “You’ve been listening!” “Yes, dear, I have; and I congratu- late you; you’ve got brains!” Laura was pleased at that and answered: “Then you shall be my chaperon through a whole London season, and I will pay for all your frocks.” What a joy it is to anticipate all the pleasures of life, and to be able to spend millions, even before they are yours. How many have lived on that very exhilaration.” “You’re as sure of him as all that?” Her aunt’s tone made Laura slightly anxious. “You say you listened. What do you think?” Mrs. Pen thought a second, and then suggested the possibility that if Reade wasn’t a born fool, he would know she had read the dailies, and would naturally suspect his identity. Laura was trembling from excitement by this time, and pleaded with her aunt to secure a marriage license at once. “Use my first name—make it Mary Lanvale. And his name—now — is Reade.” “And his first name?” Laura gazed at her aunt blankly. “I don’t know.” “Well, you’ll have to know, to get a marriagei license,” and there wasn’t much consolation in the elder woman’s tone. She had strolled to the door, and now saw Disney talking to Nondas Parkyn in one of the other rooms. Turning to Laura, she asked her to be nice to them for a minute or so, and find out Reade’s first name, calling Nondas in. Nondas came, followed by Disney, now wearing Nondas’ black knit tie, of which he seemed very proud. Laura fairly beamed with joy, and Non- das expressed surprise at this unwonted change in the Lanvale family. "I’ve been thinking,” said Laura, “how silly it is for us to be cross with one another.” Nondas had a flash of thought of something underlying this speech of Laura’s, but passed it over, as she remarked, complainingly: "But you wont laugh at my jokes!” Here was Disney’s chance, so he thought, so he entered the conversation. "Oh, go on, Miss Nondas; be friends. You’re both nice girls, and you oughta get along with one another.” Laura drew herself up perceptibly, but did her level best to unbend, so as to follow her aunt’s instructions. Nondas, mean- time, had turned to Disney in wonder- ment, but smiled. “How did you learn my first name, young man?” Disney nodded his head in the direction of the office. “It’s on a typewritten list over there.” Nondas turned to Laura with a laugh. "And he calmly informs me that I’m posted for non-payment. That’s grati- tude for you. And look at the tie I gave him! Look at it!” Disney threat- ened to become a contortionist that he might carry out this instruction, and Laura gave a slight glance, in order to please Nondas. "It’s made a different man of him. I’m going to take him into town now, and buy him some ready- made dress clothes.” Disney’s coun-SNOBS 499 tenance beamed even more than ever at this statement, and he shook all over as she said: “He’s coming to the thea- tre with me to-night.” “Am I?’* he asked. "Are you? Well, rather. I wouldn’t miss seeing you in a box in dress clothes for the first time—no!—not for something! Besides, you may be a Duke! Who knows?” Disney was al- most caught off his guard, but he as- sembled himself, as he fairly chortled: “Ha! Ha! Ha! Me! A Dook!” Then he turned to Mrs. Beauregard, appeal- ingly. “Now, you look like you oughta know something about Dooks.” That lady felt flattered by this compliment, even though it had come from a person with whom she couldn’t bring herself to associate, and she answered, though with pretended humility: “Why, how should I know anything about Dukes?” Disney looked at her a second. “Because you’ve got that ‘Did- God-Make-You-Too’ expression about you—” Mrs. Beauregard almost fainted at this, but managed to hold herself to- gether for the good of Laura’s cause, and Disney went on: “So I leave it to 3’ou. Do I look like a Dook?” The an- swer being rather long in coming, for Mrs. Beauregard hardly knew what to say when cornered this way, Nondas took up the reply. “Most Dukes don’t look like a Duke. They don’t have to, being Dukes.” Dis- ney turned to her a moment, until he could fairly grasp t,he meaning of her sentence, and then repeated his ques- tion, pointing to the chaperon. “I leave it to the lady there,” but the “lad}-” was apparently not at all at ease. “I don’t know enough about them to say.” Disney gave her another glance. “Well, you wait till you see my friend; then you’ll know.” He pouted almost like a spoiled child, and smiled inwardly, as he added: “I think it’s all foolishness not saying which one of us is the Duke. It’s no fun for me, 1 can tell you,” and he listened to see how they would accept his remarks. Miss Parkyn came to the front with a little tit-bit—namely: Mr. Disney has heard that Dukes aren t respectable,” but she was inter- rupted in the course of her remarks by the hurried entrance of Bradley Fair- fax, who was in a fever of excitement, and rushed to Mrs. Beauregard, almost taking that usually calm lady off her feet. “Have you seen him? I just saw him with Phipps Maynadier. Blood will tell, Mrs. Pen,” and he almost jumped in his glee in having seen the “Duke.” Mrs. Beauregard almost committed a faux pas in a query to Fairfax, but Laura stepped conveniently on her aunt’s feet, and she turned to the younger one: “Eh, my dear?” Then realizing the near-blunder, added: “Oh, yes,” and subsided. But Fairfax was all impa- tience that his announcement hadn't aroused more enthusiasm. “It’s the young Duke. He’s with Phipps now. Haven’t you seen him?” Boldly Laura stepped to the front, and commandingly told a white lie, tinged with gray. “No. What’s he like?” Fairfax gave her a look almost of scorn, that she should be so weak as to ask a question of that nature. “Like a gentleman, of course. How could he help it, with such blood be- hind him?” Nondas, ever ready to turn a remark with a quip, opined: “He might have let it remain behind him. Most of them do.” Disney, anx- ious that the deception, innocently started by Fairfax, should not be cor- rected, went directly to Laura and Mrs. Beauregard. “No! But Buck looks the part. What did I tell you? Oh, what a shock!” “Buck!” exclaimed the sensitive Laura, and visions of “Buck Reade” on her marriage license flitted before her eyes. ’“Sure! That’s his name,” returned Disney, as much as to ask what was the matter with it. Mrs. Beauregard en- deavored to console her niece for this sad blow. “Never mind. dear. It’s probably short for ‘Buckingham’. ” Then turning to Fairfax, having learned what she had desired, she asked if he were going500 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM back to town, and invited him to go with them. As Laura passed, Nondas smiled and volunteered the informa- tion that she and Disney might see them at the theatre. Laura’s expression hardly indicated that she was over- whelmed with delight at the prospect. “Don’t look so pleased,” added Non- das. Disney held out his hand to Fair- fax. in token of absolute friendship and that the hatchet was buried, but that gentleman resisted the offer for a sec- ond; then Disney grabbed his slim hand, shaking it heartily, much to Fair- fax’s discomfiture. “S'long, Chief. Don't forget we’re pals,” and he allowed him to go. Fair- fax joined his women friends, and they passed out without so much as turning again to say good-by to Nondas and Dis- ney. He stood watching them a mo- ment. Then suddenly to Nondas, point- ing after the retreating trio, he said-: '‘They can’t see me with field- glasses.” There was a slight pause as he thought over the events which had just transpired, and then he blurted out: "Oh, I’m not such a fool as I look,” and the tinge of bitterness in his voice made Nondas raise her eyes with an expression which had more than sympathy in it, but he was looking the other way and missed it. He looked aft- er the others a moment, and then turned to her. “Say, why do you bother with me. Miss Nondas?” She looked up at him, this time with another expression, and then glanced past him, down the hall-way, where Fairfax and the ladies were just going out to their car. Then her gaze came back to him, and she looked him square- ly in the eye. “Because, I know what it is to be an outsider, too XI It was the opening performance of “Man and Superman,” coming direct from its long New York run, and it had the very best credentials in the world to the local society leaders. It had been rumored that it was “fright- fully immoral.” Consequently the opera house manager and the company man- ager were reaping a golden harvest, and lolling back in their office chairs, smil- ing serenely, while The World—that Society World and His Wife—thronged the boxes and overflowed into the or- chestra chairs, all agog for the awful immoralities with which Mr. Shaw was reputed to have crowded his scenes. No member of the exclusive set was better qualified to lend dignity to a box party on an opening night than Bradley Fairfax, and here he was, with his lit- tle friend, Miss Milly Chasserton. anx- ious to shock her young mind; but Milly, having been very properly brought up in the midst of the social set, had a mind which refused to be shocked by any such mildly immoral play as this of the Irish wit’s. At the same time, she gave Mr. Fairfax to understand that she was very nervous about it. Naturally, he was pleased. They were standing in the passage- way, back of the boxes, waiting for Laura and the others, and Fairfax was beginning to get impatient, for neither he nor innocent Milly wished to miss any of the performance. In the midst of their worries, who should come along but teasing little Nondas Parkyn. Now, Milly was one of the society peo- ple with whom Nondas was acquainted, and of course she was greatly shocked to think that such an innocent little thing should be in the company of such a wild young rake as Bradley Fairfax. “Are they allowing you out with this Mr. Carfax?” she asked. That gentleman, irritated enough at seeing Nondas again so soon, was made doub- ly so at the evident twist she had given his name. “You know my name is Fairfax!” Nondas gave him the most surprised look in the world, and really appeared injured. “Indeed, I know nothing of the kind. How can I? I don’t know you, do I?” The gentleman was getting angry, and Nondas was secretly enjoying his keen humiliation before Milly. “You know my name is Faifax!” but Nondas waved him off with a pretty gesture.SNOBS 501 “Oh, don’t introduce yourself; it’s shocking bad form. And, besides, a man with your reputation needs a respon- sible sponsor.” Then she turned to Mil- ly. “You should see some of his friends,” and her hands went up, as though in horror. “One of them wore a bright pink tie and sky-blue spats. Oh, he’s no sort of a person for you to know, this Mr. Fairfax, here.” Milly was at a loss how much of Nondas’ nonsense to take seriously, but her face was absolutely expressionless, as was her voice. “Rilly? How shocking! Are you one of the party, Nondas?” “Yes—a party of two. Mr. Fair- field’s friend and I,”—and she looked again at Fairfax—“the one with the spats.” She brought out the final word with a bit of spite which blended well with the word. Fairfax, given as he had been during the afternoon, to boil- ing with rage, came very near excelling all his previous efforts, for he was in the presence of ladies, and felt that to give way would attract disagreeable atten- tion in such a public place. However, he managed to deny to Nondas, for the severalth time, that Disney was a friend of his, as that individual rolled into their presence. Nondas never did anything by halves, and when she had made the threat in the afternoon that she was going to have Disney attired in evening dress, she knew whereof she spoke. He was now a sartorial dream, and his full shirt front made him look like a sloop running before the wind. The outfit was fairly correct—the best Nondas could do, anyway, without being actu- ally present at- the trying-on proceed- ings. Disney saw Fairfax the moment he had edged himself into the space, and rushed for him with outstretched hand, grasping Fairfax’s unwilling one firmly, as usual. “Why, there you are, old pal." As soon as Fairfax could release himself, he started Milly upstairs for their box, Fairfax whispering to her, in an indig- nant tone, and endeavoring to explain why this rude man should have had the temerity to even speak to him. Nondas and Disney, left to them- selves for a moment, she looked him over, and was about to express her sat- isfaction at the metamorphosis, when she discovered the dog’s-head cane, and that killed it. “What’s that for?” He looked at it, and then at her; there was a half smile as he gazed at the stick rather affec- tionately, and then he looked sheepish as he caught the glance in her eye. The poor fellow was doing his best to make good with her, and he seemed to be getting in wrong with every move. “I dunno.” He turned the cane-head about, so as to get a glance at all sides, and gain time to think. “Not much good, ’cept to knock dust out of your trousers,” and he proceeded to put it to that use. Nondas grasped his hand to put a stop to this, as she feared some one might be looking. “Dress trousers aren’t supposed to be dusty. Anyhow, the head annoys me.” A brilliant idea occurred to him, and he hoped to save himself again. “It matches my cuff-buttons; see?” and again he displayed the smaller ob- jects. “Then get some new cuff-links,” she said calmly and almost coldly. His dis~ appointment was keen at this. “You don’t care for the design?” More to make him feel a trifle more at eiase than from real interest, she ex- amined both the head of the stick and the buttons, and then smiled up at him. “Well, you can’t discard the cuff- links just now, but you’ll have to choose between that stick and me.” Disney gave her a close look to see if she real- ly meant it, and caught sight of Fair- fax descending the stairs from the up- per box, to learn whether the other members of his party were coming, so he grabbed him again. “Here, pal; wait a minute.” Fairfax tried to get away, but Disney had al- ready proved himself the stronger one of the two. I’m going to make you a present. Here!” and he held the stick out. “Have it!” The sight of the thing horrified Fairfax, and Nondas sup- pressed a smile as she saw his face, and observed him try to pull away from Disney and the stick. “Oh! It's a nice cane! Have it!” and he made the man502 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM take it. Fairfax held it gingerly, as though the thing were some dangerous explosive.	. . ‘ One doesn’t carry a stick with even- ing dress, you know.” “Why not?” returned Disney. You might he rude to a newsboy, and you gotta have something to protect your- self with. Take it along,”—as Fairfax endeavored to return it. Seeing his ef- forts of no use. the latter started oft, taking the object with him, and Disney and Nondas turned their backs to laugh at him. The moment they had done so, Fairfax propped the stick against the wall of the corridor, and then disap- peared. When their laughter had ceased, Disney found himself getting sentimental. "That’ll always be the way when you ask me to choose between you and any- thing else.” She looked at him with a smile about the corners of her mouth. “That’s a pretty thought. Set it to slow music.” He was taken back for a moment, but returned bravely to the fray. He had started now, and was not going to be stopped by any frivolous speeches of the young woman upon whom he had set his heart. If she was content to accept him, not knowing his real station, all the better for both of them in the future. “It wouldn't make any difference to me what you asked me to give up—I’d give it up!” and his eyes expressed a longing sentiment, which she saw quickly. “Then give up trying to be senti- mental.” “There’s no use try in’ to dodge it, Miss Nondas. I’m gone on you—clean daffy.” She looked at him with the air of a physician giving serious advice to a patient. “When did this malady first make its appearance?” “When you blew in last night. I said to myself: ‘Henry/ I said, ‘That’s the girl,' but she broke in on him before he could go any further. “You mustn’t talk about me to people I hardly know.” She paused a moment, and her eyes grew more serious in a genuine manner, and he watched them to see if there was any hope indicated for him. “Look here, my boy,” she said and she talked as though he were much younger than she—so he was, in the experience of the life they were encir- cled by. “You’re an oddity, a rarity, and I do like you, but if you’ll give me some reason for joining you in this vein. I’ll be obliged.” He shifted uneasily from one foot to the other, and felt foolish. “Oh, I’m nothin' to write home about, I know. But I’ve got a chance to be somebody in the world now—and I’m going to be.” Then he looked at her again. “I’m not pin-head enough to think a girl like you is goin’ to fall for me as I am now\ All I want to know,”— and he paused the fraction of a second to gain courage— “are you strong for anyone else?” She was amused at his method of inquiry, and gave him a quizzical look. “Evidently an old Greek phrase, meaning: has anyone seized upon my young and tender affections—that it?” But Disney had gotten almost to the popping point, and was dead serious. “Don’t josh me. Miss Nondas. Be se- rious for a minute. I’m in love. There!” It was out, and the surprising part of it was that Nondas was not taken off her feet at the abruptness of the declara- tion ; she was really interested in the fellow, and knew him well enough, even though their acquaintance had been but of twenty-four hours’ duration, to know that he would say what came into his mind at the moment. This was one fea- ture about him which she admired. There was none of the smug society manner about him. Instead of being all on the surface, he was “all over,” to use an old expression of hers. She an- swered him coolly and easily. “Well, being in love's happened to everybody. Don’t act as though yours were a special case.” But he was more than ever anxious about it now. “You’re not crazy about anybody, are you?” From anyone else, such question- ing would have been resented, but she seemed to enjoy it from him. Strange how different men affect the same wom- an ! “That’s the one subject on which I’m thoroughly sane,” and she looked him squarely in the eye as she said it.SNOBS “Then, listen," and he settled himself to propound a fact to her; he was be- coming thoroughly easy in her presence. “I’m gunna make a man outa myself that’ll be good enough for you. You might think I can’t do it, but I got some- thing 1 call a brain, and from now on, I’m gunna give it a job.’’ “Even so,” she rejoined, “why should I marry anybody? I’ve all the money I want, and I can do almost anything I like. Wouldn’t I be a silly fool?” He admitted her argument, but quali- fied it. “Unless you cared for some one —and I’m gunna make you care for some one.” She didn’t pretend that she didn’t understand, but came right to the point at once, as was her custom. “You can't do that by parroting these snobs you see about you.’’ “Well, how can I make you love me?” She was highly amused at this unusual form of love-talk from a man of his caliber. “I don’t know myself well enough to say, but as a general rule, love for a man comes from some thrill which wakes up a part of a woman that she didn’t know existed. Some thrill!” He looked at her in doubt of what this might mean. “You suggest I make the Statue of Liberty do a skirt-dance, but you don’t tell me how.” “If I knew how it could be done, that wouldn’t be the way. A thrill needs the element of surprise—come along into the box; the curtain’s up by now,” and she opened the door to the box. Then he noticed his cane standing near him. “Wait a minute. He didn’t take his cane,” and he reached for it as Mayna- dier entered the passageway, followed by Laura, Mrs. Beauregard, and Fair- fax. “Oh, you’re here, Disney,” said May- nadier. “Reade’s been looking all over town for you.” Then seeing Nondas: “How d’you do, Miss Parkyn?” “Oh, I’ve done much better since we got acquainted, thank you. It’s such a relief to be sure of one’s neighbors.” and she bowed to Laura and the others, and entered the box. Disney started to follow her, but Maynadier detained him. 503 “Just a minute, Disney,” and he closed the box door. Mrs. Beauregard was on her way to the upper tier of box- es, followed by Laura and Fairfax, where they joined Milly, who was watching the rise of the curtain. “Reade seemed anxious to see you about some- thing. Where’ve you been since this afternoon ?” “At a tailor’s, gettin’ a new front,” and he displayed himself more fully in his dress suit. “They were made for an- other feller, but he fixed it over for me. Kinda nice, aint it?” Then he thought of what Maynadier had said re- garding Reade. “What’s the matter with Buck?” “I don’t know. Shall I tell him where you are when he comes?” “Sure! Sure!” and he turned the knob on the box door. “See you later.” “Lots of people here to-night I want you to meet, Disney,” said Maynadier, but he cut him off in the middle of his speech. “Can’t do it, Chief! Got no open time.” “I’m afraid I’m not earning my sal- ary. Can’t I do anything for you?” “Nope!”—with a grin. “Yes, you can —some time—when you’ve a spare min- ute,” and he smiled again. “You might wise me up on how to give a woman a thrill,” and he disappeared into the box, leaving Maynadier in blank amazement. XII At the close of the first act of “Man and Superman” the spaces back of the boxes were filled by their occupants and friends of theirs who came from various sections of the house to gossip and comment on the play. Fairfax was clearly displeased that no more of im- morality had developed in the first act, but lived in hope that the second and third acts would develop something really devilish. Mrs. Beauregard and Laura, left alone in, their second tier box, were looking vainly about the house for some sign of Reade, for he had not as yet honored them with his presence, and both the ladies were beginning to fear504 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM that some other siren had captured the prize. Keade, however, having learned that Disney was in Box B, was at that moment knocking 011 the door and Dis- ney opened it to his friend, still holding the dog’s head cane in his hand. “Hulloa, Buck! Come ml' Then he turned to Nondas, asking her if she didn’t remember his friend, which she admitted. Reade bowed to her, and then turned to his chum, his voice hoarse with excitement. “Can I speak to you a minute, Hen- ry—in private?” "Sure! If Miss Nondas doesn’t mind,” and she, signifying her willing- ness that the conference should take place, the friends went out into the cor- ridor, where Reade grasped Disney’s hand as though he were going to lose him for all time, and in husky voice started in. “Look here, Henry; last night you promised me five thousand a year as your secretary. Does that still stand ?” He was trembling from nervous excite- ment and worry. “You bet it does, Buck,” and the big fellow slapped his chum on the back. “And if you need more, all you gotta do is to ask for it. You’re the only friend I ever had, and I’ll go to soak for you any time you say the word.” Reade was touched by this bit of sentiment, and almost broke down. “Henry, you’re—” “Can all that, Buck! Ts that all you wanted to see me about?” Reade nod- ded, as he was too full of gratitude to say anything. Disney slapped him on the back again. “Well, then, between you and me, you needn’t come into the box. You know how I feel about that young lady—and she likes met ME! Common old Hen Disney! Just the same Hen Disney that drove the milk- wagon. She thinks you’re the Dook, of course ; but she’s goin’ to be Mrs. Dook, all right, all right. Say. Buck; how do I look in the soup and fish?” and he twisted about, that his chum might have a at,h”i? ’n the evening raiment. Hue! ejaculated Reade, in honest admiration of his friend’s appearance. Disney looked at himself admiringly a moment, for he himself thought he looked pretty well, but just then he got a glance at his hands. “My hands seem to interfere, some- how. Well, run along, Buck; Fm busy,” and he started to open the box door again, when he remembered the cane in his hand. He looked at Buck, as though whether he ought to inflict the cane on his chum, and then remembered his promise to Nondas. “I’m going to give you a present,’’ and he handed Reade the stick. “There! That’s some cane! Have it 1” and before Reade could utter a word of protest at this generosity, Disney had ducked into the box and closed the door on the privacy of Non- das and himself. XIII Reade gave a final look at the box door, heaving a sigh as he thought of the big-heartedness of his old-time friend, and then wended his way to the upper boxes, looked along at the let- ters, and knocked at Box D. The door opened, and Laura came out. “You’re here—at last?” she sighed. “You’ve been anxious, too?” he queried. “Oh, you don't know how hard it is for me to realize. Yesterday I was a mechanic, with no hope of being any- thing else—and now—” and he looked at himself. “This is the first time I ever wore evening clothes. Do you know how I happened to have them for to- night?” and he explained to her the in- cident of the preceding night, and his determination to sit where he could look at her, even though he might not speak. “And now, everything is changed,” he went on. “This is my night of glory,” and he lapsed into his society novel style. “I don’t know whether you understood what I wanted to say this afternoon—but I’ve enough money to support a wife now, and I can offer her some kind of a position—so it’s no in- sult to tell you I love you.” Laura acted her part very well, simulating the neces- sary surprise at this avowal. Then he felt desperate. “Oh, I knew it was mad- ness,” and as she saw he was being scared away again, she took him up quickly.SNOBS 505 “Maybe I'm a little mad, too.” Then she positively beamed triumphant upon him. and took him off his feet. “And it’s a beautiful madness.” Reade kissed her hands in his delight, but was seen by Mrs. Beauregard, who emerged from Box E. He stepped back into the shad- ow, as though he had been caught in a guilty act. and Laura rushed to hide her head in sudden diffidence on her aunt’s shoulder. “Aunt Phcebe, will you forgive me/’ she cried plaintively. Aunt Phcebe gave her an expressive pressure which Reade couldn’t see, and very calmly asked what the matter was—who this gentle- man was. Laura, in her most ingenuous manner told auntie that he had asked her to marry him, and—and—she want- ed to. Then came the introduction of her fiance to her aunt. “And who is Mr. Reade,” asks Mrs. Pendleton Beauregard, with all that dignity so required of the better and most exclusive set. “I was a mechanic last night,” said he. getting down to facts at once. “I showed Miss Lanvale through our shops six months ago, and I have loved her ever since, and she—” Coy little Laura hung her head. “And now I have an income, and I have asked her to be- come my wife.” Mrs. Beauregard was diplomat enough to take in the situation at a glance, so she patted Laura’s cheek. “Silly, romantic children! And what are you going to tell Phipps Mayna- dier?” Reade’s curiosity was aroused in an instant. “What has he got to do with it ?” Mrs. Beauregard smiled blandly at his ignor- ance, as she quietly remarked : “Nothing, except that he’s been en- gaged to Laura for the past two years.” Reade was plunged into the depths of despair in an instant. “Oh, if I had only known!” and Laura became her old self on the in- stant, before she had time to think, ask- ing testily: “What difference does it make to you ?” “He’s my friend,” said Reade. “I should have told him I loved you, so that all would have been fair and square.” Mrs. Beauregard gave him a look which would have done credit to the regulation stage mother-in-law. Young man, that speech belongs be- tween the covers of a book—and paper covers at that. There is no fair and square in love-making.” Fairfax en- tered from the stairs leading to the lower boxes; the former at once noted Reade, coming up to him beamingly, very apparently looking for an intro- duction. "Oh—er—I don’t believe I’ve had the honor,” he began, when Mrs. Beaure- gard very ungraciously turned to the men—for she had seen the approach of Fairfax, and deliberately turned her back, so as to avoid the necessity of in- troducing him. “Mr. Reade—Mr. Fairfax.” Fairfax thought he was exceptionally clever when he realized that the other was in- troduced as “Mr. Reade,” because he wished to remain incognito, and after acknowledging the introduction, re- marked, with a smile and a rising inflec- tion, accompanied by a slight raising of the eyebrows to let the others know he knew the circumstances: “Quite so,” and shook hands with whom he sup- posed was a member of royalty. He hung about for a moment, endeavoring to enter the conversation, Mrs. Beau- regard getting more nervous until she could stand it no longer. Her lips tight- ened perceptibly, as she turned to the intruder. “Please get my fan in Box D. Brad- ley,” she ordered, and when he had left on that mission, she devoted her atten- tion to Milly, who had been hovering about expectantly. After a moment's thought, during which she could find no reason for sending the little minx off on an errand, she snappingly said: “Miss Chasserton—Mr. Reade,” and Milly was in the seventh heaven of de- light, for this was the first member of royalty she had ever seen. But Milly was a very knowing young Miss, also. “Mr. Reade?—Oh. yes,” with a sug- gestive smile, which was far from be- ing lost on either Laura or Mrs. Beau- regard, and she continued, as though to monopolize the conversation: ‘And how do you like the United States, Mr. Reade?” Laura was becoming pro-506 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM voked, and bad been thinking of some excuse to rid them of Milly. “Milly, I think Elsie wants to speak to you/’ Miss Millv, however, was a far wiser bird than Fairfax, and would not be limed: so she started on the conver- sation with Reade again. The other women were about to give up the situa- tion in despair, when Fairfax returned with the information that Mrs. Beau- regard’s fan was nowhere to be found in the box. Then he saw it in her hand. Milly giggled at this, and turned to Fairfax, to let him know that she had been wiser than he. “Laura told me that Elsie wanted to speak to me, but I knew that she was only pulling my leg.” Mrs. Beauregard held up her hands in horror. “Really, Milly, you are giving me a great shock." But Milly turned to Reade knowingly. “Oh, Mr. Reade knows what I mean.” and the conversation drifted in- to dangerous channels, which led them to close the topic of who was the real Duke, with Reade trying to hide his confusion. “There’s no use trying to hide it, Mr. Reade. We know' that person with Non- das Parkyn isn't any Duke.” “Why. of course we do,” chirped Fairfax. “We can tell a gentleman from a—a—a—” “Bounder,” said Milly, supplying the word which Reade was afraid to utter. Reade, beginning to take in the situa- tion. became almost tragic about it, as he asked if they really believed he was the Duke, and turning to Laura, asked if that was the reason why she had ex- pressed love for him. Laura, thinking he was only covering the real situation, so as to deceive the others, pushed Milly into one of the boxes, while Mrs. Beau- regard took Fairfax away from the scene, and Reade uttered a cry of de- spair. as he began to realize that Laura cared nothing for the man—only the title. Laura fully to convince herself, asked him point-blank: “Are you the Duke?” As Reade saw his chances of claim- ing the woman to whom he had unre- servedly given his love, slipping from his grasp, he became almost frantic. “No! No! No!" he answered, in re- sponse to her direct question. “And if that is why you are willing to marry me—” Laura broke in again, still fear- ful that she might commit some horrible blunder, if he really were the Duke, and were testing her; yet she was also fear- ful that he was telling the truth. Her position was a desperate one—for her. “How can you insult me so—Oh— Oh!” and she was on the point of weep- ing real tears this time, but reserved them for later on. “You—you didn’t think I was?” he pleaded. Again the simulated pleading on her part. “I—I—how can you? How can you?” “And you love me for myself ?—Oh, Laura! Laura!” and he took her in his arms, holding her tightly, while Miss Laura heaved her whole frame in a splendid imitation of a paroxysm of emotion, that he might know’ the depth of her grief and love, he soothing her the while. Bernard Shaw never wrote a neater lying comedy than Laura was exemplifying behind the doors of the boxes. As they stood In their embrace, Maynadier came upon them. XIV For a moment Maynadier stood transfixed, absolutely unable to under- stand why the woman to whom he had been engaged for two years should be in the arms of another man, and partic- ularly this one. He drew closer then, with clenched teeth, and spoke in a cold rage. “Laura!" Reade released her quietly, as he heard her name called, but the tone told him that something wfas about to happen, and he turned to see the newcomer. “Maynadier!—I’m—I’m sorry! I’m truly sorry! But you had to know some time!" The lawyer gave him an icy stare, as he questioned what the some- thing might be which he would have to know; and Reade told him. “Please don’t make me laugh,” he re- plied, but his face gave no indication that he was inclined to that pastime, except for a cynical expression on it.SNOBS 507 “Laura Lanvale love you! A mechanic out of a shop! Love you! ' Reade’s fists clenched almost imperceptibly at this implied insult, but Maynadier paid no attention to that fact, and went on, with a harsh laugh. "Why, you utter ass, she’s done just what Disney expected! She thinks you're the Duke. Love? You fool! Get out of the way,” and then he turned to Laura, as tawing paid enough attention to Reade. But that young man was on his dignity in a moment, resent- ing the tone in which Maynadier ad- dressed Miss Lanvale. “Don't come any of your cheap, Ajax - defying - the - Lightning’ poses around here/’ said Maynadier turning back to him. “Miss Lanvale is engaged to me—and you're not wanted! Get out!” He whirled Reade out of the way, and took the surprised Laura by the arm. Even now she was not sure but that the whole thing was a test for her sincerity, and yet she couldn’t under- stand how Maynadier could know any- thing of it, and if so, how he could lend himself to the trick. “Now, Laura, don't make a silly chump of yourself, and have the whole town laughing at you. The other fellow is the Duke.” Then he wheeled about at Reade again. “You’ve got a cheek, pretending you're a Duke!” This was too much for Reade, for had he not, in every way he possibly could, without breaking faith with his chum, led people to believe that Dis- ney was the titled one. At all events, his conscience was clear, and if others had made the error, it was through no fault of his, so he turned on Maynadier in white heat. “Oh, you snob! You cad! Do you think the whole world is as base as you ? Don’t you believe there is one decent motive, one pure thought, one unselfish love in the world?” Maynadier smiled grimly at what he was pleased to call Reade’s fine heroics. “Don’t be an ass, my boy! Do you sincerely believe Miss Lanvale prefers you to me—‘for yourself alone,’ ” and he gave emphasis to the phrase, “as the lady novelists have it?” Reade’s honest mind could conceive of nothing else than her love for him, for he had so idolized her in his dreams and thoughts, that he couldn’t believe it was only his supposed title she had been angling for. “She loves me,” he almost wailed. “She loved me when I was—” and in a second of hesitation his voice became bitter with anguish, “a mechanic in a shop.” Maynadier laughed at him, and he felt like thrashing the man on the spot. Only Miss Lanvale’s presence, and the knowledge that she would be dragged into undesirable publicity pre- vented him, but his temper was fast get- ting beyond his control, and he realized it. He swore to Maynadier that Laura was not of the world he believed in; that she was true and faithful to him for himself, and dared Maynadier to test her; to tell her he was not the Duke; even to get Disney to tell her; to use any method necessary to disabuse her mind of the idea, and ended by de- claring flatly that he was not the Duke, and that Disney was. He turned to Laura. “I believe in you. I’m only doing this to satisfy him,”—pointing to Maynadi- er. “Wait! Disney is downstairs. I’ll bring him here,” and he was off to get his friend. Immediately he was gone, Laura turned on her fiance, accusing him of trying to fool her for the pur- pose of seeing how she would act if she thought Reade was not the Duke. Thus do drowning men cling to a straw. May- nadier smiled at this idea of hers, which he termed “very ingenious, but a trifle shopworn,” and was about to attempt to convince her beyond all doubt, when Reade started up the stairs with Disney. As he heard them coming, he said quickly: “It was a big temptation to you, Laura, and I wouldn't stand in your way, if he was the Duke. You could marry him like a shot; it would be vel- vet for me.” Then the two friends were on the scene, Reade excitedly hurrying Disney. “Now, tell them, Henry; tell them which one of us is the Duke!” Disney showed unmistakable annoyance at be- ing thus dragged from the side of the woman he loved, and called upon to confess to a secret which he was most desirous of keeping, and accused May- nadier of being responsible for the sit-508 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM uation, all of which the latter denied, goin? on to explain how he found Laura and Reade, and that the lady had ex- pressed her love for Reade, simply be- cause she believed him to be the real Duke. “Of course you wouldn t blame any- one for preferring the Duke of Wal- shire/' he added, as a final shot, the which made all three of them wince, but Disney was inclined to be pugnacious, and his fighting spirit was several de- grees nearer the surface than when he stepped on the landing. It began to look like a storm, with Maynadier in the very center of it. “You say you wouldn’t blame anyone for preferring the Dook of Walshire.” Disney looked straight at Maynadier. “D’ye” think it’s very nice for me to know that, being what I am?” and he diplomatically tried to cover his posi- tion. “I’ve got to look out for my own affairs.” He turned to Laura in an off- hand manner. “It wont hurt you to do a little guessing.” She looked at him in confusion of mind. “But you—you can’t be the Duke!" Disney was inclined to emit a guffaw of laughter at this, but wisely refrained. “That’s a good way for you to look at it. That’s the way I want all of you to look at it.” Maynadier was entirely dis- gusted with the whole affair by this time, and strode directly to Disney, with fire in his eyes. “Well, I resign! Get somebody else for your five thousand pounds a vearl” Disney was surprised at this, but' May- nadier kept on. “I'm not going to see Miss Lanvale deceived into a marriage with a fellow she doesn’t care a rap about. I’ve photographs—signed photo- graphs, to prove who’s the Duke,” and he turned to Laura as he added: “You wait until to-morrow; I’ll show them to you!” At this threat Disney was in dis- may. for he wanted above all things, to keep his position a secret until he should be convinced of Nondas’ love for him- self, the man; until he should have an opportunity to work up that thrill. He pleaded with the lawyer to maintain the secrecy agreed upon, stating that he would tell Miss Lanvale if she would promise not to repeat it, but that he was iti love himself, and didn’t want a girl to marry him simply because he was a “Dook/' Maynadier told him to go ahead, and he would answer for her si- lence. XV “Well, then ; I’m the Honorable Hen- ry Lancaster Morpeth Orth, Knight Commander of the Bath, Knight of the Garter, Knight of the Thistle, Baron Fitz-Cairn, Earl of Flint and Dook of Walshire. That’s me!” She caught Dis- ney’s arm in a frenzy. “You're not lying! You’re not playing a game? You’re not trying to test me?” Disney gave her a look of disgust, as he said sullenly: “Think I'd memorize all that for nothing!” Reade, watching Laura as she caught Disney's arm, and the varied expressions which had come over her countenance, awoke from his stupor, as she turned to him, and asked if this were true. “Of course it is; I never said I was a Duke; and I'm not! I don’t want you, if you think I’m the Duke!” He hadn’t long to wait for his answer. “Well, that’s fortunate,” returned the young lady, as he staggered under the blow, but Disney was at his side, and patted him affectionately to alleviate the suffering. Cruel as Laura could be, when thwarted in any purpose, she was immediately sorry in her own, narrow little way for what she had said, and added, impulsively: “Oh, I’m truly sor- ry for the part I’ve played. But it was such a temptation—the first lady in England! That means an awful lot to a woman. I’m—sorry t” “Good God! Sorry!” Reade’s head was in his hands, and his frame was shaking with his broken feelings. She turned apologetically to Mayna- dier, asking his forgiveness, but that gentleman cared little for what had hap- pened, so long as he was still to have her, and eased her mind in a moment. This brought Reade out of his stupor again, and he sprang at Maynadier like a panther, shouting that if he couldn’t have her, no one else would, and espe- cially not Maynadier. Disney caughtSNOBS 509 Reade, and pulled him off the other, telling him to steady himself, but Reade was beyond control of his passion now, and again threw himself on the lawyer, who was ready for him this time, and threw him to one side easily. "Don’t come trying any of your mechanic muscle on me, my boy. I can box. Don’t forget that! Handle a couple like you!” and he •smoothed out his coat where Reade had mussed it up, turning to Laura to explain more of the past events. Reade was positively a maniac by this time; he had lost all reason; the only thing he knew was that he had been deprived of the woman he loved by the man he hated, and he was eager for vengeance in whatever form it came handiest. As he recovered his balance where Maynadier had thrown him, he shouted: "You devil! You rotten, sneering devil! Handle that! Handle that!” Hardly realizing it, he had grabbed the dog’s-head cane which Disney had given him shortly before, and as he spoke, brought it down on Maynadier’s head. The latter staggered under the crushing effect of the blow, and fell backwards towards the stairs, leading to the lower boxes. Laura and Disney rushed to his aid at once, the latter do- ing some tall thinking at the same time, while Reade, awakened from his mad- ness by the act, stared dully into va- cancy, and dropped the stick where he stood. Then he looked to see what the result was of the blow he had given. Laura was hysterical by this time, and screaming loudly, but Disney took her in his arms, and carried her from May- nadier’s side to the first tier of boxes, assuring her that her fiance was only stunned, and that his heart was all right. The occupants of the other boxes, aroused by the disturbance, came rush- ing into the corridor, and Disney im- mediately commanded the situation to the best of his ability, assuring every- one that Maynadier would soon regain consciousness, but telling no one what had occurred. Nondas strove to comfort Laura, but that was an impossibility. In the midst of the excitement Reade ap- peared, endeavoring to get out, but Laura saw and stopped him. “You sha’n’t get away! If he dies, I’ll make them hang you!” she shouted. Disney was thoroughly disgusted by this time. In his varied career he had seen so many knocked out, and had had such good experience telling whether a man had a chance for his life or not, that he could not conceive why such a disturbance should be made. “You’re like a lot of damn-fool kids,” he shouted. “He’s not going to die. Keep still about how it happened, Miss Lan- vale, or Maynadier’ll lose his job with me—twenty-five thousand a year; don’t forget that!” That statement quieted her. Disney turned to Reade, as people began to flock in from the orchestra chair. “Get out, Buck! Quick!” but the advice came too late, for his escape was blocked, and he could only cower in the corner. Fairfax was of course on hand to see what the matter was, and had picked up the walking-stick, recog- nized it as being that which Disney had tried to force on him earlier in the evening, and took it downstairs to where the others were grouped. Laura, having been quieted by Dis- ney, Nondas turned to him, and in a whisper, asked him if he had done it. Laura now started to explain to Non- das about the Dukeship, and Disney peremptorily shut her up, reminding her of her promise. Laura then bethought her of Maynadier, and rushed up the stairs to him, while Nondas turned to Reade, who had slunk back in a corner. “Well, you’ve made a pretty mess of it, my boy,” she whispered to him, “for one day of ducal splendor.” The fact that he was Disney’s friend made her endeavor to protect him by whispering, though she couldn’t refrain from letting him know how she felt about it. “Brace up now! It’s your time to be heroic and noble!” She turned from him to see Fairfax rushing in with the blood-stained stick, and shake it at Disney, as he shouted: “It’s murder! Murder!” This asser- tion threw all the onlookers in a panic, but the tinsely arrival of Sergeant Mc- Nutt in his policeman’s uniform quelled it, as he asked what the trouble was. “Murder’s the matter,” shouted the trembling Fairfax, still holding the510 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM stick. “Look here,” and he pointed out the prostrate form of Maynadier. to which McNutt rushed. Disney turned roughly to Reade. "You fat-head! Get out!” but Reade only stared at him stupidly. McNutt re- turned and immediately seized Fairfax, asking for the truth, whereupon that gentleman showed him the sticky and McNutt saw the blood upon it. Fairfax pointed to Disney. “That’s the man! It’s his stick!” “Oh. damn that stick!” grunted Dis- ney. XVI Reade groaned in despair, as he saw the turn affairs were taking, and started to explain, but Disney grabbed him. hustled him through tho. crowd, and shouted to him to get a doctor. McNutt seized Disney, to prevent him follow- ing Reade, who made good his escape this time. He held the stick up to Dis- ney, asking if it were his. “It was. But I don't want it any more. You can have it!” “You wont need it where you’re go- ing.” said McNutt. “Come along with me!” Disney questioned McNutt’s rea- son for this move, and the Sergeant stated assault and battery, with intent to kill, was the charge. Then, turning to Fairfax, he asked that gentleman if he had seen the act. Laura, having re- turned from Maynadier’s side, started to explain, but Disney again reminded her of her promise, and McNutt in- formed him that he was intimidating a witness, and asked Laura for her name. “Oh, you make me weary! The man’s only stunned. He’ll come to in half an hour, and he wont want it to get in the newspapers. Drop it, will you?” But McNutt had made up his mind that he would get Disney, so he turned to Fair- fax. note-book in hand. “You prefer charges against this man.'' Fairfax nodded. His time had come to avenge the insults which he be- lieved Disney had heaped on him at the club house that afternoon, and he was not slow to take advantage of them. Name, please.” “Bradley Fairfax, 1089 Charles Street.” he responded. “And I hope you hang him!” “Naughty! Naughty!” returned Dis- ney, smiling at the fellow. “Mamma’ll have to wash your mouth out with soap. Don’t be rude to your little playmate.” McNutt turned savagely on Disney; he was not accustomed to such flippancy from prisoners—especially those who frequented opera boxes, and he couldn’t quite fathom Disney’s indifference. “Your name,” said the officer, seizing him, “had better be straight, too!” “Well, it’s not McNutt, thank God!” McNutt gave him a rough shake at this implied slur on his name. “You give me your name!” Disney was nettled at the shaking McNutt gave him. “I’ll give you a swift punch in the eye, if you do that again!” Everyone was aghast at this speech, including the redoubtable McNutt. He gasped a sec- ond. “Resisting an officer, hey? I’ll soon settle you, Bo; what’s your name?” He gave Disney a still harder shake, upon which that gentleman promptly knocked Mr. McNutt to the floor. McNutt was up in a second, and the ethers cleared away to let the two ath- letes have it to themselves, and from fear that some one of them might be hurt by mistake. As McNutt arose, he drew his billy, and started at Disney savagely, but the latter wrenched it from the officer's grasp, and threw it on the floor, laughing at him. “I didn’t drive a milk-wagon for nothing. Now. shake me again, you big Irish stiff,” and Disney drew back into a pugilistic attitude, waiting for the on- slaught of his opponent. Now it wasn’t so much the fact that Disney had resisted him as an of- ficer. insulted his uniform, and the en- tire police department of the city, as that lie had cast reflections on the land of his birth, and that no Irishman can or will stand for. without losing his temper. Thus, seeing that he had more than his match on his hands, and see- ing no one in the crowd who was worthy to call on for assistance, McNutt drew his revolver. “Now, you come with me!”SNOBS 511 “Nix on the gun-play! You put that back where it belongs/’ said Disney coolly, as he heard some of the women scream. It had gone a little further than he had bargained for, and he didn’t want to be the cause of any theatre panic. "You’re frightening the women! Soak that gun, or I’ll take it away from you!” Here was another insult to the police force! Who ever heard of a man deliberately taking a revolver from an officer, especially when the man was un- armed? McNutt advanced on his man, sure now that he had him where he wanted him, but keeping the gun before him, and leveled at Disney. There was a moment’s pause, as the men glared at one another, but Disney was much the cooler of the two, and there was an amusingly-serious glint in his eyes as he looked at McNutt, and at the same time thought quickly. Suddenly he sprang at his opponent, and the scene developed into a rapid-fire wrestling match, during which process_ Disney twisted McNutt’s gun arm behind him, and the weapon dropped to the floor. As he heard the revolver strike, he quickly reversed McNutt’s arm, and be- fore the latter was aware of what was happening Disney had run him across the corridor and out, shouting after him: "Better call the reserves, copper!” Nondas had bravely stood the excite- ment all this time, hoping against hope that Disney would come out victor, and now that he had given her her wish, she staggered and almost fainted. Disney, seeing this, rushed to her side, and caught her in time, holding her close to him “Why—why, what’s the matter?” "The revolver,” she faintly replied. Disney picked it up. "Let me make you a present of it, Miss Nondas.” She smiled at this, re- covering her senses, and turned to him. "You—you’ll have to forgive me,” and she smiled again. “I’ve just remem- bered I’m a woman—and not an epi- gram machine.—I—I—I had—a thrill!” "A thrill ?—A thrill!” Disney was do- ing some tall thinking. “But you said that—” He paused a moment again. “But it wasn’t that kind of a thrill, was it? She turned to him with decision in her face and voice. "Yes, it was !—You’re a man—a real man, with red blood !—Yes, it was!” He gasped, as he almost lost his balance at this statement. My good Lord !—you mean you— you—you—care for me ?” His conversa- tion was coming in bunches, but he was getting to the point rapidly, so he con- cluded: “You’ll marry me?” She looked up at him with an inviting smile. "Try asking me—and see.” XVII Disney was about to follow this sug- gestion, and take her in his arms, when McNutt burst in again, followed by four of his fraternity, all with drawn clubs. Nondas and Disney saw the quintette at the same time, and she held tightly to his arm. McNutt seemed even more furious than when he went sailing out. “That’s the guy,” and he pointed to Disney, but the latter was busy patting Nondas’ hand, and not worrying about what the coppers thought. However, as a matter of form, he queried : “Goin’ to run me in, copper?” The of- ficers surrounded Disney in a threaten- ing manner, as though he were the very lowest form of a criminal. McNutt drew out a pair of hand-cuffs, holding them towards Disney. “Hold out your hands,” said that rep- resentative of the law. “Not even to oblige a man named Mc- Nutt,” and Disney smiled his prettiest at him. “Not in a million years! Go find the nearest river and jump in, copper!” What this additional insult might have led to, is a question, but Phipps Mayna- dier staggered down the stairs, his head bandaged, and looking very squeamish. The crowd looked pityingly at him, as he leaned on the shoulders of the two men. Disney saw him. “Hello, Phipps! Glad it’s no worse/’ he called. “These coppers think I slashed you, and they want to know my name.” But Maynadier was thinking only of getting hold of Reade. "Now, let it drop, Phipps. I'll make it worth your while. And let me introduce my512 THE GREEK BOOK ALBUM future wife. Phipps." and he presented Nondas, who was all smiles; m fact, in the few seconds since she had given herself to Disney, she seemed to have assimilated some of his method of smil- ing all over. “Guess she’d like to know my name, too, so you d better tell ev- erybody—in full! This copper especial- ly,” indicating McNutt, “would like it. But Maynadier’s head was in no condi- tion to remember the full list of Dis- ney's titles, so he “renigged." McNutt, however, misunderstood Maynadier’s meaning, and argued: “Oh, I knew it! A regular crook!” However, Maynadier wasn’t so far gone that he couldn’t deny this, so he spoke up like a little man. “No! A regular Duke, officer. That gentleman is the Duke of Walshire!" Everyone was amazed at this, and none more than Nondas Parkyn. Disney turned to her, taking her in his arms. “Not bad for Thrill Number Two, eh?" he asked, joyously. “1 just didn’t want it to be Thrill Number One, that’s all,” and he sealed the bargain in the customary, old-fashioned manner, ca ing nothing for what the onlookci might think; as a matter of fact, neither did Nondas. THE COMB’S TEETH ONE of Eddie Foy’s youngster’s is given to “cute” remarks. Recently his mother, who had been looking everywhere for a comb, found it in a basin of water. “Now.” she said to Foy, junior, “what do you suppose that comb was doing in that basin of water?” The youngster ignored the insinuated suspicion. “It was probably washin* its teeth,” he replied. ONE OF THE BEST •IE new proprietor of a western village theatre remarked proudly to an advance man who was making his first call: “We’ve had some right good shows in this house. We ve had Belasco twice. He’s great.” “You don’t say so?” was the reply. Kver had Lillian Russell here?” “No. What’s that?" “Great show,” the other gravely assured him. “I wrote it."MAX REINHARDT The Greatest Producer in the world to-day & BY LUCY FRANCE PIERCE MAX REINHARDT, the German genius of the Stage, is reported to be planning a visit to Amer- ica. Soon, it is hoped, we will have an oppor- tunity of witnessing. some of the strange and stupendous spectacles which this Titan of the theatre is producing. MAX REINHARDT, the great German producer, stood one day in the center of that vast coli- seum in London called the Olympia. An international horse-show had just closed. The arena was covered with tan bark, strewn with confetti and cambric flags and gaudy paper flow- ers. It was like a great ballroom which lay in a superfoetation of de- bris the morning after a riotous mas- querade. “To-day it is a tawdry circus,” Reinhardt said, turning to a friend. “To-morrow it will be a—cathedral!” “What—this whole structure?” the other gasped. “This whole structure!” The pro- ducer laughed as he dug his hands into his pockets and let his eye roam from beam to beam. He shook his long black curly mane and laughed again as a boy would—as a boy who was bragging that he could change all the animals in the arena into kings and queens or a heavenly choir by the merest touch of his wand. Reinhardt kept his word. It was not as swift a transformation as one would expect from “the artist of a thousand tricks.” as Berliners ador- ingly call him, but under his wizard touch the cathedral rose—the most amazingly impressive mock cathedral in all the world, and on its movable stage in the center is being enacted a pantomimic spectacle called “The Miracle” which has set all Englandthe green book album agog, just as a few seasons ago all Germany gasped over Reinhardt's wonderful production of ‘CEdipus Rex'* in a circus ring. As the cathedral grew out of the tan bark of yesterday, Reinhardt sat at the end of the mighty structure on a dais, giving his directions through a megaphone like a general on the field of battle. Two thousand performers had been gathered together and drilled to enact the stirring pictures of Volmoeller’s big drama—five hundred choir singers, two hundred musicians, to give Humperdinck’s exquisite inter- ludes. The great stage in the center literally rose and fell as the settings of the massive scenes were changed and the gen- eralissimo stood at the end, shouting his commands, and the concourse swayed and moved and danced to the magic of his words as if that great assemblage of artists were a single unit pulled by a single string! Volmoeller, the au- thor, sprang to his feet thrilled by the genius of the man beside him. REINHARDT, THE MAN ONE would scarcely have picked him out in a crowd as a leader of men. Dreamer though he is, a man of the ar- tistic laboratory. Reinhardt is gifted with the executive skill of one bora to command. His black eyes flash fire under stress of excitement when the brain begins to teem with inspiration. Yet his sturdy frame, his bold Bismarckian features, betray no hysteria—only the poise and balance of a man who never loses himself. He has the gift of Teutonic reserve, united with the idealism of a master-artist—such a one as unfolds great canvases to the world—heroic in size, bewildering in color, spiritualized in meaning. •‘Ah!” Volmoeller sighed. “He is wonderful!” As the au- thor spoke, he seemed to be walking on air. He could scarcely comprehend it was his own work. The thing of his fancy had been touched by the wizard, vitalized, given the breath of life, with a setting as awe-inspiring as the silent, everlasting hills themselves. And then the premiere came. The massive doors of the cathedral were flung open. The public crowded into seats arranged on three sides of the altar as in the naves of a real temple, and as the action of “The Miracle” unfolded itself at that altar—disclosing the spectacular adventures of a romantic nun—it seemed to them as if they were silent witnesses of a tragedy in real life and that the mimes with their painted faces, the Russian dancers, the endless musi- cians, were but a part of the congregation itself. Thus Rein- hardt seeks to deceive his public momentarily into the be- lief that each one is a unit in a moving event in life, and each one comes away lifted out of himself, dazed by the wonder of it.MAX REINHARDT \ “I SHALL GO TO AMERICA” “AMERICA!” Reinhardt ejaculated in perfect English when the topic was casually broached. “I shall go there some day.” And his eyes grew dreamy over the prospect. “It is the country where one may produce spectacles on a larger scale than in Europe, and in a natural setting. No subterfuge—no tricks will be necessary! “Any intelligent man may put a small play on a small stage,” he went on. “It is very simple. But a classic—that requires the setting of the sky itself, the background of the virgin forest, the open arena where real deeds have moved —and most of all it requires one who is able to grasp the details of a big deed in the palm of his hand.” HE STARTED A NEW SCHOOL ALREADY the rumor has gained credence that Rein- hardt will shortly resign his position as director of the Deutches Theatre in Berlin to accept a permanent position in the United States. A large sum has been subscribed by a committee of German-Americans to bring Reinhardt to this country for the purpose of promoting what is known as “arena” drama. This does not mean that the German public has been lax in appreciating Reinhardt's genius. In fact the “arena” idea had its inception in Berlin itself, after the director’s thrilling production of Sophocles’ “CEdipus Rex” awak- ened Germany to the powerful impetus which he was giv- ing to new romanticism. From that hour there sprang a school of transcendental realists with Reinhardt as leader, known as the “Secessionists.” These new romanticists decry all problematical and lit- erary plays and so-called “idea” drama as tiresome and be- wildering twaddle, having no place in the theatre at all. They have broken away from all genre plays with so- called moral, social or historical purposes. They preach the doctrine of dramatic art for art’s sake only. They maintain that art should be unhampered by literary demands and that the manner of presentation is of vastly more impor- tance than the subject matter. They maintain also that the power of the stage lies not in its attitude toward the prob- lems of life, but in the artistic form with which those problems are clothed. The purpose, then, of secessionism is primarily to give delight and amusement, to stir the emotions, to appeal to the senses, and to ignore the perplexities of existence. The theatre should, according to the new creed, become an arena for the fascinating spectacle of the passions. The followers of this movement assert that in the past the classics—especially Shakespeare’s plays—were never en-THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM joyed because of the careless, indifferent manner of pres- entation, and that a masterly presentment of masterpieces is all that is necessary to revive the dormant taste for romanticism. PLAN TWO BIG ARENAS THUS when it became evident that there was no theatre or auditorium in Germany large enough to house classics on the scale which Reinhardt desired, the wizard was driv- en to give his first great production in the ring of a circus. Then there arose the ambition among the romanticists to establish a fund for the building of an “arena'’ theatre. Reinhardt glowed with delight over such a project. And to that end a movement is on foot for the building of two huge stadia, one in Berlin, another in Munich, patterned after the great Greek amphitheatres, where the spectators will be permitted to sit on four sides of the enclosure and the action of the drama will transpire on a stage in the cen- ter of the arena. Meantime, the college stadia at Harvard, Berkeley and Syracuse, and the classic productions being given in them from time to time, have attracted the attention of Rein- hardt. To be able to give a series of huge performances in these arenas is the director’s ambition. “The classic and romantic drama is being fostered by American universities in a way which puts Europe to the blush,” he observed. “Americans have never allowed romanticism to be shoved into a decline. It is strange and wonderful, that the new country should foster the highest ideals of expression—with a return to the greatest classic art.” If the proper avenue is opened, very little persuasion will be necessary to bring Reinhardt to this country. His advent will mean much for American drama. The wizard has spread his power over Austria, Russia, Scandinavia* and England already. Only France has turned a cold shoulder to him, chiefly for the reason that the taste of the Parisian public seemed to tend solely toward uncom- promising realism. There is something so sweeping and vital about his work that descriptive and critical writers have turned away from their task, awed by the bigness of what they beheld. These seven great productions are Sophocles * “CEpidus Rex,” Shakespeare’s “Midsummer Night’s Dream,” and “Ham- let ’ produced in Berlin, “Sumurun,” a bewildering Oriental pantomime set to music produced in the Savoy Theatre in London, “The Miracle” produced at the Olympia in Lon- don, Strauss’ “Rosenkavalier” produced in Dresden, and Of- fenbach’s “Die Schone Helena” produced in Munich. Sumurun,” the choreographic drama by Frederick FreskaMAX REINHARDT now running in London and destined to be brought to the United States, is a production on a somewhat smaller scale than the director favors. Yet what it lacks in size and scope, it makes up in wonder of detail, for it overflows from curtain to curtain with perpetual mysterious charm, faithfully Oriental, voluptuous, magnificent, and artistic to the last degree. It was this over-abundance of correct and exquisite detail combined with the histrionic and scenic scope of a classic, which made Berlin condemn Reinhardt’s production of “Mid-summer Night’s Dream” as over-baked. They thought it too elaborate, too extreme. But the wizard is full of surprises. He gave them “Hamlet,” with simplic- ity so exaggerated that the very chilling hardness, the em- phasized drabness of the tragedy stirred them to wonder, just as the high lights of the fantastic comedy had blinded them with their color. HIS GREATEST “CEDIPUS REX” marked the high-water line of Rein- hardt’s power. To have beheld that tragedy was to have been transported to early Greece, to have become for the moment a Theban, non-combative as it were, but never- theless part and parcel of the great moving spectacle itself. There were neither curtain nor foot-lights to disturb real- ity. On the exposed stage rose a massive palace, with steps which descended into the circus-ring itself. Bereft of the trappings of an ordinary stage, it became a spectacle in which the public outside the arena seemed to acquire a personal interest. Surprise after surprise stirred them as they sat watching. They were cast first in Stygian dark- ness. Out of the gloom altar fires suddenly flamed up, burn- ing splendidly on either side of the palace, kindled by naked youths who seemed to emerge from among the audi- ence itself. When the plague-ridden mob flowed into the arena from behind the benches of the public, those who looked on were thrilled by the magnificence of their attack as if they, too, were Theban citizens plunged headlong into a cauldron of passion. And all the while, if one looked sharply,, one might have observed the god of the machine, a middle-aged, broad- shouldered man, baton in hand, standing at the main en- trance, conducting the shrieking mob as if it were an orchestra, and releasing it in divisions as if it were an army —and the little man with the baton was Reinhardt, com- mander-in-chief ! AS A DIRECTOR AS A director he is strenuous and indefatigable. Every day he attends rehearsals of a constantly changing reper- toire in two Berlin theatres, rehearsals of a theatre chorus,THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM of understudies, consultations with the assistants in his dramatic school, appointments with playwrights and scene painters. Yet nothing is neglected. Every phase of his work receives his personal attention. In preparing a text he takes great liberties, casts aside precedent and tradition, unless it suits his purpose. But he blends the largeness of conception of the ancient and classic drama with the fineness and correctness of modem dramatic stagecraft—producing an effect at once stupen- dous and convincing, “THE CATHEDRAL” THE success of “The Miracle” in London—called the greatest spectacle ever seen in the metropolis—inspires crowds daily to invade the “cathedral” and examine the construction and working of Reinhardt’s stage. The vast platform of the stage itself rises and falls into a subter- ranean trap from which forty thousand tons of earth were removed in its construction and half a million bricks built in. There are no wings, so-called, or stage-doors. “Behind the scenes” is a vast cave reached by means erf under- ground passages lofty enough to permit the entrance of horses. There are dressing-room accommodations for two thousand actors and a storage room large enough to hang seven thousand costumes. One of the most thrilling mo- ments in the action occurs when the vast Gothic cathedral housing the audience is cast into complete darkness and out of the trap wherein rests the stage a pine-clad moun- tain rises in full view. “Presto! The audience cannot go to the mountain but the mountain will come to them—on wheels!” Volmoeller ex- claimed laughingly, as he described it. “An extraordinary idea, you say? Yes—and believe me, it is wonderfully car- ried out.” And he smiled absently as his mind drifted to; the wizard who had touched the arena with his wand and brought from out of the earth a miracle of stage crafts- manship.A SHORT STORY OF STAGE LIFE BY A WELL-KNOWN ACTOR ALMOST through, Bill ?” said I, slipping on my coat, which Bill had allowed me to hang- up in his property-room (the museum, he called it), while the show was on. “Pretty near,” said Bill. “Got to straighten up for to-morrow.” The curtain was down. It had been raised and lowered at least a dozen times in response to the thunders of ap- plause that had come from the packed auditorium. The glittering assemblage of fashion- ably dressed men and women was filing slowly out of the theatre. Taxicabs and motors were rushing up and away to take the laughing theatre-goers to the cafes where, in a few moments, the new dancer’s name would be on every tongue. It had been a wonderful, feverish night of triumph for the little Russian dancer, for there was no question in the minds of anyone but that her art was a revelation. The hardened first-nighters had split their gloves in their frantic applause; the “Death-Watch” had “sat up and no- ticed” (as the house policeman had put it), and even the rival managers assem- 519THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM 520 bled in the lobby—and who had come prepared to tolerate the newest importa- tion—were forced to acknowledge, in an undertone to each other, * T m afraid she’s a hit.	t Back on the stage, the change from the moment-before brilliantly lighted palace of the play to the dark walls where the palace <et was now leaning, was very marked, and it offered a strik- ing contrast to the noisy lobby in front. The glare of the lights changed to the black gloom of the unlighted stage—un- lit, save for a single incandescent lamp shining just outside the property-room. The members of the company were all swallowed up in their dressing rooms, changing for the street Just outside of the Madatnc’s dress- ing room a little group of reporters were patiently waiting in the dark to have a word with the dancer. The door opened, throwing a glare of light on the group of newspaper men, and the dancer’s secretary—a little Frenchwoman, appeared to tell them that, “Madame begs to be excuse. She very tired to-day. To-morrow she see you all at the hotel.'’ “In the morning?’' ventured the Globe man. “No! No!” said the little French- woman. “Not in the morning. Madame will see no one in the morning, but to- morrow in the afternoon Madame bid you all a very good evening.” The door closed gently, and the re- porters, each of whom was eager to get a good story for his paper, filed quietly by the property-room door and out into the night. “Who was that bunch ?” asked Bill, as he saw the shadowy forms pass the “Museum” door. "Reporters on the different papers looking for a story from the dancer,” said I. “Judging from the quiet sneak they made, I guess they didn’t get it,” he muttered. “No, I guess not,” I replied. “That’s where you've got the bulge on ’em,” said Bill. “I read your column every day, and you sure have got some interesting stuff in it. It’s a funny thing that none of ’em ever hit upon this idea of yours—takin’ off your coat and hangin' around the stage and pickin’ up ideas for stories in your paper.” “They don’t all have the good fortune to run across a generous property-man like you, Bill,” said I. “Pass that,” replied Bill. “It’s a swell idea all right, as I was savin’ when you started to hand out the salve; only don’t let these traveling stage managers get on, or you’ll get fired out some night” “How are they going to get on?” I asked. “I’m in my shirt-sleeves. That was our agreement, you know, so that I would be taken for a ‘grip’ or a 'light- » »» man. “f'hat was the agreement all right,” Bill said, “but I should ’a’ stipulated that your shirt and collar should 'a’ been dirty and your hair combed more j careless like. You look more like a ‘John,’ with them patent leather kicks, than you do a 'grip.’ Anyway, did you get any ideas for a story to-night ?” “Not an idea,” said I, “but I never figure that it is all off until I am home and in bed. Have you any theme you could suggest?” said I eagerly. “No,” he replied slowly, “I aint: but you set down there on that box till I get these flower baskets filled. I feel kind of happv to-night—and now that the opening is all over, I kind o’ feel like talkin’ to somebody. Did the show get over?” “I understand it is a tremendous hit,” said I, “and the Dancer is a sensation !” “I’m glad to hear it,” murmured Bill, as he slowly filled the baskets that the chorus girls carried on during the “Bal- let of Roses.” “Yes, I’m glad to hear it.” “1 slipped out front," I went on, ‘‘aft- er the first act, and some of the critics ■were trying to coin some new expres- sions to properly express the poetry of her grace and charm. Theyr are crazy over her.” “You don’t say!” the old property- man replied. “Didn’t you see any of her dances r “Not a one,” said Bill. “Aint had a chance to see her at all. I been diggin up props all day. They’ve got the longest prop-list with this show’ that we’ve had this season. They tell me, though, that she’s pretty good.”THE DANCER 521 "Yes." said I. “Well, it’s hard work,” said he, "and when 11 lore's any of the cream cornin’ to 'em. after all the years of hard work, why. I say let ’em enjoy it; they’ve got it cornin'.'’ “Is it hard work?” I asked in sur- prise. “It all looks so easy.” “This is the easy part,” he replied, as he stopped filling the basket for a mo- ment/*—what you just got through see- in* to-night. The big, swell audience, the beautiful theatre, the critics, the grand orchestra and music, and all the beauti- ful things that go with it. But it’s the hours and hours and days and days of standin’ out there on that bare, cold, dark stage—bein’ turned out." ‘ Turned out?” I questioned. "Turned out, yes,” reiterated Bill. '‘That’s- what they do with girls that want to be ballet dancers. The ballet- master stands them up and makes them lift their feet this way,” he demon- strated stiffly, "then this way, then this way,” (another movement) "then over again, and then again and again—hun- dreds of times—over and over and over. I’ve seen ’em so stiff they couldn't move; then over again he’d take ’em ’till I’ve seen ’em almost faint away. After a while they’d go over it all again —then a short rest for lunch and over again he'd take ’em. No one knows who hasn't been through it, or seen it, just what them little women have to go through.” "That must be tough,” I ventured. • "Tough!” exclaimed the old man. “Tough aint no name for it. Why, I'll never forget a little girl we had here some years back. She was the daughter of our house carpenter, Ed. Young. Her mother, Ed's wife—‘Mother,’ we all called her—she handled all the ward- robe for the big spectacles that old Gil- derson used to put on, you remember? I guess that was before your time though, wasn’t it ?” “No,” said I, "I was a kid then, but I can remember seeing those wonderful productions. “Weren’t they wonders?” said Bill proudly. “Don’t see anything like ’em nowadays. Well, ‘Mother’ was some ballet dancer in her day; but she began gettin’ wider’n she was tall, and her toes gave out tryin’ to hold up the extra weight. Instead of bein' a toe dancer she became a heel dancer—that’s where that gag originated—and so she cut it all out and took the wardrobe so that she could be in here in the theatre with Ed. You never see such a spoony couple. Crazy in love with each other, and both of ’em all wrapped up in this little kid of theirs. Well, that little tot—as soon as she could walk, they brought her down to the theatre.” “Put her on the stage?" I asked. “Yep,” said Bill proudly. "Broke her in when she was a babv. Old man Gil- derson put her in the transformation scene dressed like a Cupid. Made her entrance in the heart of a big lily, and say, maybe she didn’t look cute !” He stopped to view the picture in his mind’s eye. "Did they keep her on?” I inter- rupted. "Did they!” The old man came down to earth again. "That settled it for Ed. and Mother. As soon as she was big enough, old Marchesi—he was the bal- let-master with Gilderson in those days —he took hold of her and turned her out.” "Very interesting,” I said. "Is it?” asked Bill. “Talk about work! Well, they never let up on her. When is wasn’t Marchesi, why. her mother was workin’ with her, and I’ve even seen old Ed. Young himself tryin’ to show her how to point her toes—and he was stiffer’n I am.” He laughed at the recol- lection of it all. I laughed with him. “Well, they kept on workin’ on her until she got good enough to get in the back row of the ballet. Marchesi kept his eye on her, and so did her father and her mother, and finally Old Gilder- son picked her out and gave her a bit to dance alone in the ‘Ballet of Spring that we had in one of the shows. We were all in love with her, and Marchesi picked her for a winner. ‘Keep your eye on her,’ he said, ‘and some day she will surprise you.’ " “What became of her?" I asked, eagerly. "Well,” said Bill, “to show you how empty things are in this life and howTHE GREEN BOOK ALBUM 522 you never can tell about the way the Lord is shapin things, old Gilderson went broke, Marches! has gone where they don't need any ballet dancing, be- cause everyone there is flym, and old Ed. Young, my pal, and his wile - her that we called ‘Mother’—are restin out here in a little plot of ground where the rush and hustle of this life don t trouble 'em any more. All gone! 1m the only one of that old crew that still sticks to the old show-shop.” "What became of the little girl t J asked. "Oh, yes!” said the property-man, coining back to the present. “\V hat be- came of her? Well, after we buned her father and her mother, and the poor lit- tle thing almost lost her reason and her health grievin' for ’em, I finally got her to go away with a road show. I hated to see her go out in the world, but it was best for her to have a change.” “Does she ever come back here . ” I asked. “Oh, yes,” said Bill. “For several years she played here every season, and every time she came, her and I would go out, the day after the opening night here, and carry along some flowers to the place where her father and her mother slept. She never forgot.” “Beautiful,” said I. “Aint it ?” said the old man. “But that was some years ago. She aint been here in some time. She went away from this country, and I’m afraid maybe by now she’s forgot.” His eyes filled with tears. “Oh, maybe not,” I suggested. “Well, you can’t tell,” lie went on. “These girls change when they get away from home and all the excitement of this artificial life makes ’em forget After she became famous—” “Oh! Then she did succeed ?” I inter- rupted. “Oh, yes,” he replied—then stopped. I followed his eyes to the doorway. “Billy,” said a low, soft voice. The Russian dancer stood in the doorway. “I’ll wait for you out here on the stage. I am very tired to-night, and when you are through I wish you would take me home to the hotel. In the morning I want to go with you out to the—you know, Billy.” She moved away from the property- room out on the dark stage. “She aint forgot,” said the old prop- erty-man. There was a sob in his voice. I closed the stage door softly as I wrent out into the night. __.Archie Bell- w HEN the gentle Irish poet sang of The light that lies In woman’s eyes— he doubtless had not the slightest thought or conception of the “com- mercialization” of that light, what it would bring, had brought in fact, when offered for sale along with other lux- uries “of which men reckon not the price." Moore may have thought of the light in a woman’s eye that caused Mark Antony to forsake a mighty em- pire, the light in the eyes of a Helen, Beatrice, or any of the terrifying, soothing, or tempting women of poets’ fancies. That a glance from a woman might cause thrones to totter, heroes to perform their most valiant deeds or to sink impotent in the dust, was a com- monplace when the Lesbian sang of love and beauty on her azure island, knowing full well the diabolical witch- ery of an eye. But none of the poets who have sung rapturously of that light eternal seem to have realized that standing alone, without the other charms deemed im- perative for conquest, woman with the sparkling eye, has been able to turn that flash and light into a colossal com- modity, the means of her own elevation to fame and riches, and in many cases, by means of it to achieve immortality. Poets do not sing of what things cost nor of how they sell in the markets of the world. If they did and if they had the assistance of the tabulator of figures too large for the human mind to grasp, they might well tune their songs to a poem on the value of theliftedeye-brow, “the curtain that exposes the soul," and the vital dart that beams from beneath, as well as to chant the monot- onous, century-old stanza of its beauty. “What Do Thine Eyes Wink At?” THE eye of woman is commercial- ized to-day. It has been sold for a long time, in fact, but the price was low in 523524 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM the olden day and people paid little at- tention. They knew the effect, but thought nothing of the cause. They saw the flash, but thought more of the fact that the king or prince saw it and was pleased, than to attempt to fathom the psycholog}’ of seeing and being seen. Over thirty centuries ago the great law-giver asked, “What do thine eyes wink at?” (Job xv:l2) and the people of the world have been repeating his question ever since, particularly in mod- ern times when the world and his wife look at the theatre and the people of the stage for much of their amusement. Several years ago when Flo’ Ziegfeld, husband of and manager for Anna Held, saw the necessity of an additional song to be interpolated in one of her productions, he sent a hurry call by tele- phone to Gus Edwards, the song writer and a scribbler of “lyrics,'’ to come to their home immediately for a con- ference. Without a moment's thought, when the matter was under discussion and Miss Held was asked if she had any idea what sort of song would be acceptable, she gave words to a historic thought. It was old as the proverbial hills, something that everyone who had observed actresses upon the stage knew perfectly, but no person had previously given the truth such a terse and ad- equate expression. “Write something about my eyes,” replied Miss Held, showing rare business acumen that re- flected the wisdom of the ages, "some- thing about the way my eyes act, for you know I just can't make my eyes be- have.” “That’s it! shouted Edwards. “‘I Just Cant Make My Eyes Behave,’ is a This it became and the world knows the result. The American public, at least, had been waiting for that admission from an actress. The people responded to the ditty, sang it, whistled it and be- lieved it. Miss Held—she of the co- quettish and seductive eyes—had al- ready achieved a popularity in America and everyone knew that her eyes played a dominant part in her triumph, but to have her sing a song about them was just the thing and it came at precisely the psychological moment, having a deeper significance than Miss Held or the composer of her song possibly re- alized. Eyes of the Stars WITH one of the most financially successful of international stars admit- ting that her eyes were her fortune, it was natural to turn a thought to some of the others. There was Maxine Elliott, for instance, with her Oriental features and ey'es that held all the dreamy beau- ties of an Egyptian night. No question that Maxine’s eyes charmed thousands of theatre-goers, holding them in admiration and causing them to over- look many of her dramatic short-com- ings. She knew this power of the eyes; I early in her career, she decided to com- mercialize that light, and she has sue- ] ceeded in doing it throughout a pros- j perous career in the American theatre. | Olga Nethersole was slowly pursuing her way to stardom and was winning j admirers each season, wrhen with par- i donable vanity she looked into a mirror and decided that as so many other ac- j tresses had done before her, she would 1 capitalize the “light” that flashed from 1 her eyes. The critics had looked upon 1 her and had written that she had the J eyes of a Spanish beauty. This pleased 1 her because she had Spanish blood in j her veins, and she realized how theatre- I goers dote upon the exotic, particularly j that which exudes the fragrance of orange blossoms and the gardens of the j South. At this time she chanced to re- j read Prosper Merimee’s “Carmen,” a | story that had been one of the favorites i of her life. In the author’s description of his heroine, she read that Carmen's eyes were magnificent and large—“theEYES 525 eyes of a young cat watching a bird.” The actress read the passage again and again, studied her own eyes carefully, and then seized upon a happy thought, commissioned a writer to prepare for her use a dramatic version of the novel, and before long she, too, came to a full realization of the pow£r of the eye of woman, and likewise of its commercial value. Reutlinger, of Paris, assisted her in her campaign for publicity by send- ing photographs of the Nethersole eyes to all corners of the world. Reproduc- tions of them appeared in the leading magazines from Vienna to San Fran- cisco and Melbourne. The world fancies the eyes that enticed, trapped and ruined the dashing young Don Jose, the soldier who was fearless in battle and brave enough to withstand any allure- ments except the glances from Carmen. Nethersole's eyes, more than any single physical force, carried her to fame and fortune in the theatre. Although little weight may be attached to popular superstitions, however ancient their origin, it is nevertheless interesting to note that the Nethersole eyes are a dark gray in color and, according to the Arabs, gray eyes are synonymous with sin. In the Koran, XX, we find “on that day the trumpet shall be sounded and we will gather the wicked together, even those having gray eyes.” Ibsen knew this, when he said that Hedda Gabler had ‘‘steel gray eyes that express a cold, unruffled repose.” He described no other character in his plays in just this language, for none of the others had the keen, calculating1 desire for sin that was Hedda’s. Like Carmen she wanted to test her power over men. It was her chief delight in life. Ibsen’s Heroines IBSEN, however, fully realizing what Shakespeare termed “the wonder of the mortal eye” and likewise having a full appreciation of the fact that “love hath twenty pairs of eyes,” was studi- ously mindful of the eyes of his wom- en, and in an illuminating paragraph of description, usually told not only the color, but gave an additional word con- cerning character as reflected in the “beacons of the soul.” For example Asta in ‘Little Eyolf ’’ had deep, earnest eyes—a photographic index to her per- sonality. Maia Rubek in “When We Dead Awaken” had “lively, mocking eyes, yet with an expression of fatigue.'’ Mrs. Elvsted, the foil to Hedda and dis- tinct from her in all physical as well as mental characteristics, had “light blue eyes, large, round and somewhat prom- inent, with a startling, inquiring ex- pression.” Julia Marlowe has beautiful, expres- sive eyes, which she knows well how to turn to account. The roles in which she has achieved her greatest success have not called for the seductive fascinations of a Nethersole, however, and she has carefully studied and finally evolved a tender sweetness of ocular expression that makes her Juliet seem to be more virginal and trusting than the others, her Katherine better reward for the troubles of Petruchio, and her Ophelia, Rosalind and Viola the most bewitch- ingly lovely of our generation. Marlowe knows the cunning snaps of the eyes for comedic effect as Re jane knows them, and even in the terrific and repel- lant episodes wherein Lady Macbeth drags her husband to ruin, the latest celebrated delineator of the part makes it plain that the light that lies in Lady Macbeth’s eyes, to paraphrase Moore’s verses, has a witching power more in- fluential in what transpires than her words or actual participation in the deeds that mark her ambitious progress. It is Marlowe’s eyes that sweep the Thane from his feet, blind his senses and impel him to horrible deeds.526 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM More than any of the stars of the opera to-day, Mary Garden knows this secret of the eyes and has utilized her knowledge in the promotion of her ca- reer. For a considerable time she was known in this country principally for her sensuous, passionate appeals in Thais and similar roles, until she ar- rived at a climax in “Salome.” This latter interpretation was assisted by the erratic Strauss and his haunting music, which was singularly adapted to the declamatory, sometimes rasping voice of Miss Garden. As Salome, however, the Scotch lassie’s eyes shot the fire that gleams from a tiger's face in the jungle. At times they seem to be yellow', red, black, green—none of which they really are—and changed with her moods, giv- ing adequate expression to the varying passions that raged within her. Little short of a marvel, said the critics, that one who could so correctly convey the furies in the breast of Salome, was able a few nights later to reveal the trusting simplicity and homely grace of Mar- guerite. Had they but thought to ob- serve her eyes and the almost uncanny intelligence that controlled them—the knowledge of their power and what was possible by the shifting of their kaleidoscopic hues! The lids were per- mitted to fall over the flaming Salome orbs and softly gleamed from beneath the blue of a wavelcss sea. the symbol of maidenly purity and of all things sweet and gentle. The younger actresses are more keen- v aware of these things than their elders appear to have been, although it is a matter of record too frequently overlooked that some of the most fam ous women of history, particularly tht women of the stage, have owed much of their success to the fact that nature not only endowed them with beautifu eyes, but also taught them the secrets of eye-magic, which seem to have been something like the secrets of masonry among women, for no man has ever yet been able to wholly understand th< language of a woman’s eyes, and yet all other women seem to comprehend at a glance. Sarah Bernhardt ALONE among the great actress< of world history, Sarah Bernhardt ha< no beautiful eyes when she began her career, and was an exception to the rule, feeling her loss keenly, because Madam Sarah knew what greater power she might have had over audi- ences if the luster from her eye hac been less dim. There was a dreamy languor in her eyes, however, which she perhaps recognized before others did. and in photographs, on the stage, at home and on the street, she accentuated this detail of facial expression so that her eyes have played not a small part in her phenomenal career. Her superb predecessor, Rachel, is credited by contemporaries with being! able to flash darts of passion from her eyes that audiences felt keenly and^ deeply. The still older Adrienne Le- couvreur—whose life was a series of desperate love affairs, the greatest of which perhaps was with Maurice of Saxony, although Voltaire and other great men admired her and begged for her favors—Adrienne, the siren of the French stage, was never called beautiful in form or face. She was plump, with- out being stout, but her face was not pretty and she lacked many of the prime requisites to success on the stage in her day, but she reigned supreme and her admirers speak in terms of rapture of her eyes. “They speak as much as her mouth and often supply the place of her voice,” wrote one. Jules Janin said that Rachel always appeared to be small and ugly; “but when her eyesbrighten," he added, “she treads like a sovereign.” Sarah Siddons, who held a place in public esteem that has perhaps not been equaled by any later artist of the stage, was at first a failure because she was considered ungainly, even awkward; and then there was nothing about her face except her eyes that appeared to be beautiful. “Her eye,” says Boaden in describing her tremendous hold upon audiences, “is brilliant and varying, like the diamond—it is singularly well placed and has every aid from brows flexible beyond all female parallel, con- tracting to disdain, or dilating with the emotions of sympathy, or pity, or an- guish." Noted Eyes of Georgian Days MARGARET WOFFINGTON, the “Pretty Peggy” of romantic drama, who captivated David Garrick and wore his engagement ring, although she was not destined to reach the altar at his side, may have been a beautiful woman and appears to have been a talented actress. One thing is certain: she had wonderful eyes, unless her contempora- ries were blind to all her faults and saw only beauty when she was with them. A “dazzling creature,” she appeared to one writer, who adds that her symmet- rical brow and black eyes full of fire and tenderness gave her the marvelous faculty of imparting beauty alike to love or scorn, sneer or smile. Her eye- brows, he tells us, were arched like a rainbow and jet black, making the other actors on the stage look sleepy by com- parison. Charlotte Corday, who never played at mock heroics, but herself became an assassin and thus in time inspired the dramatists to re-enact her tragedy upon the stage of the theatre, had, accord- ing to an official passport, the fated “great, gray eyes that spoke eloquently of courage” to her adherents, and re- called the Arab superstition to her enemies. Anne Oldfield, a favorite of the Georgian Era, had “large, speaking eyes which she artfully kept half shut just before flashing out a glance to give ef- feet to some gay or brilliant utterance,” according to her biographer. Reading this, one is again reminded of Miss Held’s topical song and the expression by her of a feminine characteristic that seems to have been common knowledge when Anne Bracegirdle was the toast of London. “It is the fashion to have a taste or tendre for Mrs. Bracegirdle,” wrote Colley Cibber, but he admits that she was not beautiful. “She had no greater claim to beauty than what most desirable brunettes might pretend to.” Her eyes, however, were beautifully black and sparkling, and she had dark brown eyebrows that were the envy of all women and helped to win her a final resting place in Westminster Ab- bey. The Windows of the Thespian Soul HANNAH PRITCHARD, who is best remembered because she played Lady Macbeth with David Garrick, was another actress who had no claim to physical beauty. “But she had very ex- pressive eyes,” remarks her biographer in accounting for the chief character- istics that won her fame. Mary Ann Yates, according to Rom- ney’s picture, was “all eyes.” Sir Josh- ua Reynolds says that she made Garrick weep when he saw her as Electra in Voltaire’s “Orestes,” and it is certain that she was at one time Lon- don’s favorite actress, yet her critics were not at all sparing of her lack of physical beauty. It is recorded that her voice was weak and that her figure was “so encumbered with corpulence’ that Thomas Sheridan was willing to pay her salary in advance if she would con-528 sent to break her contract and leave his theatre at once. Yet the writers have much to say of her eyes, and that pos- terity might see them, the artist has painted great balls of fire in her brow that seem to convey the message of a mighty intellect. I* lira O'Neill, the actress who became the original of Thackeray’s Fr othertn- gay in “Pendennis" much as Charles Reade re-constructed a Peg Woffington to suit his caprice, is said to have had few physical charms. Yet, says Thack- eray, “her eyes, when she lifted them up to gaze on you and ere she dropped their purple, deep-fringed lids, shone with tenderness and mystery unfath- omable. Love and genius seemed to took out from them and then to retire coyly as if ashamed to have been seen at the lattice.” The Pivot of an Actress’ Power KNOWLEDGE of the power of the eyes is about all that survives from the past upon the stage to-day. Everything else has changed—costumes, lights, properties, entrances, exits, even the plays themselves and the manner of reading lines. The grand tragic manner has been forgotten, and sometimes it seems that the comedic sense has en- tirely disappeared. The tricks by which Rachel and Siddons moved audiences to tears would doubtless cause theatre- goers to laugh outright. We of the pres- sent who are trained to witness the re- alities of life upon the stage, cannot tolerate the eloquence of the poetic and THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM its grandiose delivery. Consequently, there are not a dozen actors on our stage, men and women combined, who know how to give to classical blar verse the intonation and rhythm t‘ it suggests and demands. Despite few lingering voices raised now and then to prove to the contrary', there ‘ little demand for poetry on our stage, and the poetic in the life of the pre does not find verbal expression in - temporary drama. From their predecessors, however, the young stars of the present have in herited the secrets of eye-magic, as the rug weavers and perfume makers of Persia are indebted to their grandsfef for the secrets of their arts. Billie Burke, Elsie Jan is, Marie Doro and many others owe their popularity of the moment to their flashing eye Perhaps they are not aware that thi is true and ascribe their success with audiences to vastly different causes; sff too, audiences may fail to recognize th: irresistible charm of the eyes, as sue* and if they attempt to analyze feminine charm at all, as revealed to them from the stage, give a preference to the voice. There has never been a blind actres9 who achieved success, however, while there are dozens of women enrolled on the tablets of fame, among them living examples such as Pavlowa the Russian, and Genee the Dane, who rarely spoke a word from the stage, but by action' and the message from an eye told be- witching stories that were more forci- bly dramatic than the spoken word of the actress or the aria of the diva.At Home with Francos Slarir t>T Ada Patterson EVEN though Fate should permit me to see Frances Starr as a white- haired, benign grandmother, though a procession of portrayals of vital char- acters should obscure impressions of her as the awakened coquette, Juanita, in “The Rose of the Rancho,” or as the frail-willed, unmoral Laura Murdock in “1 he Easiest Way,” one early picture of her will persist. It is the picture of her, slim, girlish, smiling, standing be- side a small table placed as close as pos- sible to a bow window. She let me enjoy the view of the Hudson at one side and of Central Park on the other; then she said, with the gurgling little note of happy childhood in her throat: “We always have dinner at half-past five. We sit at this table in the window here and play we are crossing the ocean. Sometimes there is a storm and our ship lurches about dreadfully, and we get terribly seasick. The Hudson is so near and when there is a storm we seem still closer to it so that it doesn’t strain the imagination to fancy we’re on the sea.” 529 j- • - - *	‘ -W - THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM 530 “Have you ever crossed the ocean ?” I asked.	^ •‘Not yet. But 1 shall.” The answer was accompanied by a determined little wag of the head that is characteristic of her. The childish wag of the head was prophetic. A year afterward, she made her first crossing of the Atlantic and a little later I received from her a bubbling little letter filled with the ex- uberance of youth and the first glimpse of Europe. She had expressed her par- tisanship of Shakespeare by standing at the gate of Anne Hathaway's cottage, where had lived his elderly and active- tongued wife, and shaking her fist at the dwelling that had housed the tor- mentor of her idol! The New York Drawing-Room BUT to return to Miss Starr in her New York dwelling. It was an apart- ment that aimed at stateliness and achieved girlishness. The little draw- ing-room with the bow window, over- looking the Hudson, displayed the delicate, gilded outlines and pale, ele- gant colors of Louis Quinze furnish- ings. It had a grand piano, but because of the limited space, the grand piano was a baby grand. And because the mis- tress of the room and its adjacent chambers was so young, the quiet ele- gance of the apartment received here and there an individual touch whose sum was girlishness. The piano was draped with a once brilliant hued, now somewhat faded Spanish shawl, the fringe of which the girl with the au- spicious name braided in preoccupied moments and combed in gayly perverse ones. On the piano lay a guitar, the counterpart of the one which she played while she sang “The Careless Heart,” in the California drama. On a chair in a dark comer of the room, as though a bit ashamed of it- self. yet remaining there by some un- questioned authority, was something at which visitors looked curiously, then laughed. It was a family of dolls. They were Rooseveltian in number—a some- what battered looking mother and four children of divers sex and sizes. “People give them to me and I must keep them, you know,” she pouted, yet I fancied then and am convinced now that a ruthless chambermaid who tried to .displace the family would have been most unmistakably rebuked. “Sister” ANOTHER girlish appurtenance, one lovelier than the Spanish shawl, more welcome than the doll famfty in the cor- ner, was the chaperon. If chance would give to all girls such a chaperon as Frances Starr’s sister! So gentle is beautiful Mrs. Gladwell, so young, and so generous in affection to the girl star’s friends, that she is known not only to Miss Starr but to all those friends as “Sister.” “Sister” goes to the theatre with Miss Starr, sits in the dressing-room with her, comes home with her, drives with her, walks with her, shares with her the apartment on Broadway where the fa- mous street bends close to the river—is a tender, unfailing shadow. She is even an excuse—as for instance when Miss Starr wavered on the brink of an extravagance. It was at a change of season and gown buying time, and gowns were bewilderingly beautiful. True, her wardrobe for the season was complete. She had all the gowns she needed and to buy more than one needs, she had heard—and in the saying had concurred in a half-hearted way—is ex- travagance. She intended to be loyal to that sartorial motto but— “I had seen a Paquin gown in a show window as I drove down town,” she said. “It was the loveliest new shade of green and I do love green. It was a dream of loveliness and a nightmare of expensiveness. For two days I thought about that gown. Then I did what no one should do—dallied with tempta- tion. I walked past the window again. There it was, in the window, still tempt- ing me. I, as our property man says, ‘put it up to’ Sister. She said: ‘If you want it very much you must have it, but it is a luxury, not a necessity.’ I tried to persuade her to say I needed the gown, but she wouldn’t. I tried to forget the green dress but it haunted me. One night Sist^j- had left my dress-AT HOME WITH FRANCES STARR ing room to get something for me, and the vision of the green dress returned and tormented me. ‘I must have it/ I said to myself. ‘At least, well—I will send after Sister. If they overtake her, Fate wills that I am to have the dress. If not, I'm to do without it.’ Sister had met some one on the stage and stopped to speak to her. The maid overtook her —and I am to have the dress.” Presently, into the girlish drawing- room was injected, at my earnest re- quest, the green gown secured by such subtle juggling with Fate. There en- sued the usual feminine hysteria at sight of a triumphant creation. Then the mistress of the drawing-room with the Spanish shawl over the piano and the Rooseveltian family in the corner gave evidence of possessing what many women sorely lack—definite standards of gowning. "I like the dress, for one reason, be- cause it has a good back. So many dressmakers, and their patrons, concen- trate on the front of the dress and neg- lect the back. I have always thought that a slim, straight, graceful back gives elegance to the figure. The dress- maker can help nature out in this. The back should be every bit as well fitted as the front, better if there is any dif- ference. And just as much thought should be given to its trimming.” The Managerial Judgment A FEW weeks before, David Belasco had said of her: “She has youth, beauty, health, talent and a tempera- ment that will enable her to achieve great results. I never make a mistake in picking out people for big things. I have found that she has the power of patience and industry, of the whole soul in the work, which is the means of success.” Miss Starr seemed so fragile of physique, so young, with so keen an appetite for the juvenile things of life, that one could easily wonder, in this room where the anxious face of the doll mother stared out of the corner, whether David Belasco, great dramatic astronomer as he is, had not made a mistake. But five minutes later, with a graver expression on the delicate face that by its half-transpar- ency suggests a Sevres vase, she talked of such topics, and in such a way, that Mr. Belasco s judgment was confirmed. In More Serious Mood MISS STARR talked of growth, and I recall that she said with great earnest- ness : “I think the greatest lesson I have learned this year is a comprehension of the word ‘depth/ I have heard per- sons talk of a deep feeling and of depth of emotion, but the words were almost empty to me. This year I have learned what it means. For instance, in the last act of ‘The Rose of the Rancho,’ when I_go out on the roof to talk with Mr. Kearney, the fact that an awful night of watching and waiting had passed meant nothing to me. A few hours had passed and it was morning. That was all I realized when I began playing Juanita. I never even thought of whether she had slept or not, but now I know that with death or separation facing her, she lay awake all night agonizing, and that when light began to break, she crept, a wretched, despair- ing little woman—no longer a child— up to the roof to bid a last farewell to the man she loved. I know now that, as she climbed those stairs, her feet felt like lead and her heart like a stone. I think I owe that comprehension to see- ing Julia Marlowe play Juliet. She didn’t declaim the lines. She talked them. That day I had a revelation of the meaning of ‘depth/ ” With a fervor that was unchi ldish, she aligned herself with the unconscious disciples of Pope, for what interested her more than anything else in the world was the study of character. “I try to study character as Mr. Be- lasco does, by talking with people,” she said. “I persuade them to talk to me and while they talk I watch them and think about them and try to under- stand them. It is the most fascinating study in the world. It is so interesting and such a relief from thinking of one's poor little self. “And I think I learn a great deal532	THE GREEN about human nature by reading the newspapers. Our maid threatens to leave because I litter things up so, but when I ask her what is httered she points to the clippings I have made from newspapers. 1 pin them on the cushions, on the walls, on the dressing- table, on any object that happens to be near while I am reading. “And the maid says she ‘hamt got nothing against Miss Frances except that she is jes’ nachelly careless about newspaper scraps.’ ” A Student of Human Nature “ALL this week, I have been think- ing of a girl I read about in the police court news. The girl was a chamber- maid at a hotel. She had stolen a stick- pin. The judge asked her why she had taken it, and what do you suppose was her answer? She said: ‘There were so many around I didn't think one would matter.’ The man from whose room she had stolen the pin was anxious to have the girl punished. The judge wanted to discharge her. The judge said: ‘Have you never done anything for which you could have been arrested yourself ?’ The man answered, ‘Never.’ And the Judge said: ‘Then you are a very remarkable man. The prisoner is discharged.’ ” We talked of the. art of “handling people,” the arts of adaptability and of bending wills to our purpose. “I think I have learned something about handling people from Mr. Belas- co,” said Miss Starr. “He manages peo- ple by making an atmosphere of peace and kindness.” “Suppose, for instance, you had to solve the problem of an obstreperous wardrobe woman ?” “I can hardly imagine such a thing. I am sure she wouldn’t be there. Mr. Belasco insists upon an atmosphere of peace. But the truth is, we have a most delightful wardrobe woman. She calls me The C hild.’ From my dressing- room I can hear her say: ‘Don’t bother me now. I must mend the Child s dress.’ Or Let those slippers alone. They be- long to the Child.7 She is a dear, and couldn’t be obstreperous. But if she BOOK ALBUM were I should try to malie her like me. If people like you, they wont be dis- agreeable to you.” Visiting an All-Night Court THE young person for whom the Wizard bespoke so great a future had gone from the theatre the night before, to visit the Night Court for Wroinen. She had watched the wretched review of degraded womanhood and had heard the judge’s warning to a sixteen-year- old girl hovering on the verge of in- famy : “Jt will be with you with all the rest—first, Sixth Avenue, then the Bowery, then Chinatown, then Potter’s Field.” She had sat there large-eyed, silent, her active brain tabulating its impres- sions ; and when the Judge who had be- gun the session florid-faced and bright of eye, had grown pallid and weary with gazing at the muddy stream that swirled about his little island of justice, Miss Starr watched the last derelict being led away to a cell, then turned to the probation officer and with eyes fill- ing and fingers opening her gold meshed purse, asked: “What can I do? Every- one should do something. Wrhat can I do?” The purse was emptied for a tem- porary home for rescued girls and Frances Starr's name was placed oppo- site a generous regular contribution on the home’s subscription list. Unlike most impulsive charities, this one has been sustained. In Denver last winter, she visited the homes opened for the redemption of erring girls through the work of Judge Lindsay, and again she was profoundly moved and largely gen- erous. Once I found her in a sentimental mood. The large, candid gray eyes were tear-filled. “I’ve been attending the ob- sequies of Juanita, the 'Rose of the Rancho,’ ” she said. “I’ve laid her away with her trunk of Spanish finery. The play will be released for stock, but to me Juanita is dead. I loved her and al- ways will lovelier. “This new part means a great deal more. It gives me the chance I haveAT HOME WITH FRANCES STARR 533 wanted to play tragedy. I will be deeply interested in her and will pity her, but I wont love her as I loved poetic little Juanita.” Studying Her Latest Role AFTER ten years on the stage, half of them as a star, and with two far different roles carried to success since the stellar part of her career began, still midway in her twenties, she this summer began the study of her third star part, one which is different from either of its predecessors, but clean, whereas its immediate predecessor had been foul. With Spartan-maid heroism, she turns her back upon the alluring prospect of another tour of Europe. “It seems as though everyone is going to the coronation but me,” she said, “but I must stay at home and study.” Home was in this instance a bunga- low in the Adirondacks, and, always accompanied by “Sister,” she got into the skin of the new character by de- grees—studying in the shingled bunga- low itself, or on long walks through the forests, or in a long afternoon's reflec- tion beneath the shade of a hoary forest monarch. When concentration exacted its toll in pale cheeks, listless manner, and lack-luster eyes, Sister, gentle still but amazingly firm, locked the ragged “part” in her own trunk, insisted upon a change of the short skirt and sweater and Alpine hat for one of the girlish mulls in which Frances Starr looks her betwitchi ng best, and took her to one of the mountain hotels for gossip and laughter that lighten a spirit heavy with the pressure of work. Then Frances Starr was no longer the young woman whose slight shoulders bore the burden of the success of a new play that is expected to surpass its predecessors. She is a girl who can chatter as fast as any debutante at the hotel about the topics that engross debutantes—beaux, dresses, dances, and the merits of vari- ous sorts of chocolate creams. One of the mountain hotels arranged for an amateur theatrical night. Miss Starr by her professional experience was barred from participation, but she showed her willingness to aid by posting bills. The Debut in Albany IF the young star desires to forget shop on these excursions away from The New Part, she is disappointed; for in the whirl of debutante conversation some girl grows suddenly thought- ful. Miss Starr knows the symptoms and turns smiling to meet her inevitable fate. The eyes of the young lady reveal Jier question before her lips frame it. “Miss Starr, how did you happen to go on the stage ?” And she answers always, telling the oft-told tale in the same way. “Well, you see, I had to do something. I didn’t think I had any talent for business. The stage was all that appealed to me. I went to the theatre in Albany and asked to see Mr. Frederic Bond, who was directing a stock company there. He was very nice. He gave me a little play called ‘A Cup of Tea’ and told me to come back to him when I knew the smallest part in it. But you may be very sure, girls, I learned it. He gave me a chance to play it.” “Weren’t you frightened?” “Yes, so scared that I was in a kind of hysteria when I went on the stage, but the audience let it pass for acting. What was more important, was that Mr. Bond let me remain with the com- pany. I played w’ith it all that season.” “And what then? Do go on. It’s so interesting.” “Then I had to begin all over as though I had never played before. I came to New York and looked for an engagement. I had read of Charles Frohman and ventured to his office. I got to the door and was so frightened I ran away. The same thing happened at Daniel Frohman’s door. Then I took to haunting the door of the man- ager of the Murray Hill Theatre, where there was a stock company that played twice a day. Mr. Henry Donnelly, the manager, looked at me as he went into his office and waited for me to speak. I couldn't say a word.” “Why?” “Stage fright, my dear. You’ll find534 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM out when you go on in ‘School’ next Thursday. Do you know that the first time I was interviewed, a man came from a new$j>aper to see me and I couldn't utter a sound? I just nodded to Mr. Belasco and he understood and gave the interview for me. The next time a woman came to see me and I got on a little better. By the third time I had actually found my voice.” Broadway and Belasco “WHAT did the manager do while you were waiting at the door and couldn’t speak?” inquired the debutante. “After he had seen me waiting there for three days/’ explained Miss Starr, “I suppose he was curious. He wanted to know whether I was deaf and dumb. He asked me what I wanted. I man- aged to articulate, ‘An engagement.’ He told me to come back to the theatre that night at ten o’clock. I promised, but when ten o’clock came I was afraid to go out alone and went to bed instead. The next morning I was at my post out- side the door of his office. When he came to his office he said, *1 expected you last night. Why didn’t you come to the theatre?’ I told him I was afraid to go out alone. He laughed and said: ‘You ought to move nearer the theatre.’ "He gave me a chance to play many parts. I worked hard. It was an excel- lent school. That was the way I got on the stage. When girls ask me how to get on the stage, I say I don’t know. I dotn't. I only know how I got on.” “Do you think a girl ought to go 011 the stage?” “If she has to earn a living and if she has talent for the stage and if—this is very important for you, my dears—if your mother is willing.” Please tell us how you became a star.” I had been playing in stock com- panies m California. Then I came East and joined Proctor’s Fifth Avenue stock company. While I was there Mr. Belas- co came to the theatre. He saw me and he is good enough to say he always re- membered me. Then he saw me again in a play called ‘Gallops’ at the Garrick Theatre. At that time he was in search of a very feminine type of girl to play a particular role. In the first act of ‘Gal- lops,’ I w'ore a riding habit with a hard hat, a dickey and a mannish tie. lie -^aid, so I have heard: ‘I’m afraid she wont do. She doesn’t look the part.’ But he waited and I wore in the second act a soft mull dress and looked different. He sent for me and after several talks in which we discussed almost everything— I found out afteyvards that was his method of taking one’s mental measure —he engaged me for ‘The Music Mas- ter.’ While I was playing in that piece with Mr. Warfield, Mr. Belasco sent for me and the talks on nearly every subject went on. One day Mr. YVarfield said to me, ‘The Governor has some- thing big in view for you/ I was wild with delight. When it came, it was ‘The Rose of the Rancho/ ” The Castle in Spain MOST interesting and most perma- nent of Frances Starr's homes is that for which she is making her plans. She lias told me of it with the joy of future possession shining in her eyes. “I comfort myself with thinking of it while falling asleep or trying to fall asleep in one-night stand hotels, or traveling between those stands,” she said. “It will be a country house two or three hours from New York. It will be low and of old English style. I’ve got far enough to know that. I want the dining-room to open upon a garden and I intend that it—the dining-room—shall have French windows. Friends have told me that burglars would come in by those French windows and steal all my silver, but I say 'Let them come/ 1 don’t dwell upon anything so unpleasant. What I do like to think is how I shall enjoy strolling out of those window's after breakfast, into the garden. My drawing-room shall be nearly all yellow —a pale shade. My own room shall be in pink and blue with white French cane furniture. There shall be a great deal of sunshine and air in my house."E. H. SOTHERN is probably the most eminent of the few surviving actors who are thoroughly acquainted with theatrical tradition — that curious body of stage usages, sanctioned by imme- morial custom, by which the actor of classical roles is governed. Mr. Sothern writes most entertainingly of this legendary lore. WHEN an actor comes forth in a classic role, he finds, to his hor- ror, that he is caught between two raging fires—either of which is almost certain to destroy him. One of these is called “Stage Tradition.” and the other “Baneful Innovation.” If the actor—appearingas“Hamlet,” for example—should make use of cer- tain “business” that some former ac- tor had employed, he is pretty sure to be told that he is wanting in origin- ality, and called a conventional bore; while on the other hand, should he 535536 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM follow his own inclinations in the matter, he is certain to be informed that he is a dangerous iconoclast. ' The fact is, actors go on from cen- tury to century digging pitfalls for each other! Any actor with a spark of intelligence is certain to find some original way of enacting a scene. To him, slavish imitation is irksome. He considers that it is best to do it his own way—as he feels it—rather than follow the plan of some actor who has gone before. When enacting a classic role, his way—at first—is never considered the best way, the right way, even though it may happen to be the one that ordinary intelligence would dictate! After a while, the pub- lic gets used to his method: it be- comes a “tradition.” Then another actor comes along: he feels the char- acter differently, discards the “busi- ness”—and is soundly berated. So it goes on from age to age. I After observing this condition of affairs for many years, Max Beer- bohm proposed an admirable and practicable plan to kill off—once for all—this tradition bugbear. It is his notion that the classics, like the seal- fisheries, should have a “closed sea- son.” He said:/* ‘Hamlet,’ ‘Romeo,’ and ‘Macbeth/ will never ‘live again,’ unless all managers, metropolitan, suburban, and provincial, enter into a solemn compact not to revive any of the classics for a period of thirty years!” After such a time had passed, all the “traditions” would be forgotten, and the actor left to his own inven- tion. The performance of a classic role would then be judged on its merits, and not by plaster-cast tradi- tion. For it is, as the same writer says, a lamentable fact that, “when a play becomes a classic in drama, it ceases to be a play; it becomes a mere pretext for comparative criti- cism. The play is dead. The stage is crowded with ghosts; every head in the auditorium is a heavy casket of reminiscences. Play they never so wisely, the players cannot lay these circumambient ghosts, nor charm those well packed caskets to empti- ness !” w It may as well be admitted that the tradition incumbus has never em- barrassed me—for I have never al- lowed it to sway me a jot from my de- sign. The method that Miss Marlowe and myself have employed seems en- tirely feasible; we have found it to fit our purpose most admirably. When making a Shakespearean revival, we have purposely cast tradition over- board. We have first made a thorough study of the drama and its characters —have made our own version, elim- inating this and then that, till we have, with an honest devotion for the author, arrived at what we con- sider a good, workable scheme. We have not bothered our heads with what this actor or that actress did in certain scenes, but have, in every case, invented our own business. We are equally responsible for what may be considered good—or bad—in the plays as we present them. To say, as one writer has, that our version of “Macbeth” was a mosaic, made up from the best traditions, culled from other plays, is far from the mark: it is a bald misstatement of fact, a brainless heresy. There is a certain free-masonry of the stage which the theatre-going public knows nothing of: certain inside information, known only to ac- tors. The auditor will often discover that certain speeches, which seemed to him valuable, have been elimi-THE THRALDOM OF STAGE TRADITION 537 nated. It is more than probable that, from time immemorial, the actor has found that these speeches obstruct the action, that they put a halt to the on- rush of the scene. It was found in the wisdom of the old actors—the wis- dom, be it said, of experience—to cut them out. But because some old actor cut certain lines or passages, has never colored our judgment, for we have, in each case, followed our own dic- tates in the matter. We have never been lured into accepting stage busi- ness simply because some one else did it; yet I can state with absolute truth and honesty, we have never, in making a revival, kept one line in our prompt book which was not Shake- speare ! This devotion to the Bard has lead to singular results. Some seasons ago, we had “Much Ado About Nothing” in our repertoire. When playing in Washington, we were soundly be- rated for having made “an unwise and senseless cut at the end of the third act.” Well, it happened that what the writer complained about, did not be- long to the text; it was an interpola- tion of some old actor. Even though effective, I would not have used it; but, as it happened, Miss Marlowe and myself were thoroughly of the opinion that Shakespeare had com- pleted the scene in a masterly man- ner. The scene as the Bard ended it, is as follows: Beatrice: Yes, as sure as I have thought or a soul. Benedick: Enough, I am engaged; I will challenge him. I will kiss your hand, and so I leave you. By this hand, Claudio shall render me a dear account. As you hear me, so think of me. Go, comfort your cousin: I must say she is dead: and so, farewell. The old stage version ends the act as follows: Beatrice: Yea, as sure as I have a thought, or a soul! Benedick: Enough, I am engaged. (Puts on his hat.) I will challenge him. Beatrice: Will you? Benedick: Upon my soul I will. I’ll kiss your hand, and so leave you. By this hand, Claudio shall render me a dear account. Beatrice. You’ll be sure to challenge him? Benedick: By those bright eyes, I will. Beatrice: My dear friend, kiss my hand again. Benedick: As you hear of me, so think of me. Go, comfort your cousin: I must say she is dead, and so farewell. Beatrice: Benedick, kill him, kill him—if you can. Benedick: As sure as he is alive, I will. All the talk of Beatrice: “Will you?”—“you’ll be sure to challenge him?” and “Benedick, kill him, kill him if you can,” and Benedick’s “As sure as he is alive, I will,” is the in- vention of Kean, Kemble or Wallack —and we would have none of it. When we made our production of “The Merchant of Venice,” I was stood up against the wall and pelted for violating a beloved tradition; or, as it was charged, for “desecrating the text.” It has long been a stage “tradition” that the elopement scene should end with Shylock crying out: “My daughter! Oh my ducats! Oh my daughter!” This speech belongs to Salarino, and is so allowed him in our version. A like tradition long held sway in the case of Shylock. In former times he was enacted by a low comedian who appeared with a red wig! Macklin was the first actor to abolish this monstrosity. Such tra- ditions as these die hard! When a critic desires to crush an actor apearing in a classic role, he plumps this at him: “He doesn’t im- personate the role at all as Burbage did!” This is a smasher! Yet there is not a line—not the vestige of a tra- dition—as to how Burbage, a fellow actor with Shakespeare, read a line538 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM or impersonated a role. But this Bur- bage bugaboo, which has been hurled at my luckless head, is not half so disconcerting as to be compared to a living actor. When I first appeared as Hamlet, one of the critics sound- ly berated me, saying, finally, that “Richard Mansfield’s rendition of the Melancholy Dane, was a much more satisfying impersonation.” It did not matter to this ‘'policeman of the drama,” that Mr. Mansfield had never appeared as Hamlet! But, had the writer stuck to Burbage—of whom nothing is known—he would have been on safe—and classic—ground. It is not at all unlikely that very much of the stage business of the plays which has become a tradition, came down to us from the days of Shakespeare. William D’ Avenant— the reputed son of Shakespeare—and who knew the Bard as a boy, was de- voted to his memory. He was a close associate of Thomas Betterton, the great actor. D’Avenant coached Bet- terton in the roles of Hamlet and Henry VIII, and basing his knowl- edge of the plays on instructions which he had derived from Taylor and Lowin, who gained their knowl- edge from Shakespeare himself. Tay- lor and Lowin, were two important players in the Bard’s company, and it is naturally to be inferred that they imparted to D’Avenant, Shake- speare’s own characterizations, and that other actors, who followed Bet- terton, passed on these traditions from age to age. It is hardly possible, however, that Shakespeare could have countenanced some of the “business” which was in use on the English stage during the past two hundred years or more. One of the strangest bits of this—in force up to the time of Garrick—was that an actor appearing in an heroic role, should appear before the audience with two enormous plumed feathers. It was strangely thought that these plumes imparted dignity! Another strange tradition was, that an actor, when presenting such roles, should wear buskins—the inference being evidently, that Jhese coverings for the feet “affected the motions of the heart.” The occasion for this thought is difficult, at this time, to imagine. “Hamlet,” above all plays, is the one which has been most hedged about with strange traditions. Gar- rick, for instance, used two miniatures in the scene with the Queen, in which Hamlet says, “look upon this picture, and on this.” The use of these two miniatures became stumbling blocks for the actors who followed Garrick. Henderson, his immediate successor, ventured to improve the business of the scene, by throwing away the por- trait of Hamlet’s uncle, whereupon Garrick’s admirers fell foul of him. They argued that as the great Gar- rick had not done so, he should not have desecrated traditions. Desirous of pleasing his patrons when he next appeared, Henderson retained the miniatures in his hand, and was then ridiculed by the Garrick faction, on the ground that if he was right at first, he was necessarily wrong, the second time. Henderson was also chastised for not using his hat as did Garrick, when seeing the ghost, and was also grilled for omit- ting to upset a chair in his agitation —the legs bent inwards so that it top- pled over at the slightest touch. If Garrick upset a chair, Henderson should have done so! Garrick, himself, had violated many of the traditions, but saw fit to ad-THE THRALDOM OF STAGE TRADITION 539 here to the old custom of drawing his sword when Horatio wished to detain him from following the ghost. But when the latter said, “I am thy father’s spirit,” he made a respectful bow and put up his weapon. t$h ~ One of the most stubborn tradi- tions known to “Hamlet,” was the tomfoolery engaged in by the Grave- digger. These roles were formerly en- acted by clowns who absurdly bur- lesqued the scene. For ages the First Grave-digger obtained his greatest effects by divesting himself of a half dozen waistcoats. When this waistcoat business was abolished in 1831, Leigh Hunt expressed his ap- proval; and seven years later, when Compton appeared in the role to Charles Kean’s Melancholy Dane, at Drury Lane, his refusal to revive this foolish buffoonery, was commended by Alfred Bunn. Is is rather surprising to learn that the business of ridding the Grave-dig- ger of his waistcoat, was a reform that had many opponents. One of these set up the claim that the practice had been observed since Shakespeare’s day; that it was more than likely that Shakespeare approved of it! Another absurdity of “Hamlet,” which required much courage to kill off, was the cock-crowing which was introduced in order that the ghost might have reason for starting “like a guilty thing before a fearful sum- mons.” “Macbeth,” like “Hamlet,” is en- crusted with traditions. For centuries it was a custom for the face of the first murderer to be chalked white, contrasting with heavy black wig and whiskers for the purpose of mak- ing him appear ghastly. This tradition held sway long after Garrick’s day. As another instance of the perver- sity of tradition, one may cite “Rich- ard HI.” It was only up to a short time ago that an actor dared appear in any version, except that made by Colley Cibber. Indeed, the theatre- goer had come to imagine that this Cibber version, was merely a re- arrangement of a text. This was far from being the case. Whole scenes were introduced by Cibber, which came to be recognized as from the brain of the Bard. Consequently, when actors of later time restored the original text they were severe- ly criticised for eliminating cer- tain passages, which were not Shakespeare’s. It is strangely the case that the actor or actress who is condemned in one age for his portrayal of a Shake- spearean role, is looked upon by the next as having given an ideal imper- sonation. In this particular, it may be said that many consider that which is old is ever golden, and that which is new, is gilt! I recall a peculiar instance of this kind. Years ago Adelaide Neilson ap- peared in Rochester, New York, in her lovely impersonation of Viola. Years after, another actresss ap- peared in the same city in the same role. This new actress was soundly berated for her rendition. One of the critics stated, that with the memory of Adelaide Neilson in mind, her im- personation of the role seemed insig- nificant—that Adelaide Neilson would be considered for all time as the ideal Viola. A rival critic turned to the files of the newspaper in which this criticism appeared, and sought out what had been said of Adelaide Neilson the morning after her ap- pearance there years before. He read, to his horror, that the critic had writ- ten that “Adelaide Neilson, the ideal Viola,” gave so wretched an imper-540 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM sonation of Viola, that he could not stand it, beyond the second act, and was compelled to leave the theatre in disgust! TT Every once in a while I am in- formed that one of the plays of our repertoire is not a good play. The theatre-goer fights shy of it. Again tradition! The reason for this belief is owing, almost entirely, to the fact that the drama he had seen was a botched version and badly acted. This is a tradition that we must over- come: but it is stubborn and does not easily yield to correction. «*$*> Excepting “Hamlet,” no play has been held tighter in the clutches of tradition, than “Romeo and Juliet.” It was only up to a short time ago that the grotesque figure of the apothecary was quite got rid of. In former times, he was made up like a clown in a pantomime. Then, too, the nurse in the play who omits the busi- ness of the fan, would be considered as “woefully lacking in technique.” In my own case, I have been much scolded for impersonating Romeo ac- cording to Shakespeare! How may any man believe that Romeo, who so resembles Hamlet in love, is, until he meets Juliet, the light-hearted crea- ture we should like to have him? His very first speech denies such a con- ception. “Is the day so young?” he sighs in answer to Mercutio’s “Good-morrow, cousin:” “Ah, me! sad hours seem long.** Even to Juliet’s ball this young man goes with melancholy speeches of: My mind misgives; Some consequence yet hanging in the stars. Shall bitterly begin his fearful date With this night revel. How may one conclude, from Shakespeare's lines, that Romeo was a light-hearted Veronese blade out for a revel in the garden of the pal- ace of the Capulets? £Epey Winthrop^arcjenf A SHORT STORY OF THE MOVING-PICTURE STAGE IT WOULD be fine, if we could get the kiddies, but we should need at least fifty.” Griswold, editor of scenarios for the Chelten Film Company, looked sharply at the new director and Clyde Daunt flushed. He knew that Griswold did not like him and he knew, too, that his fate bung in the balance. Most of Griswold’s directors were veterans of the motion picture studios and Griswold was in- tolerant of this newcomer from the high priced shows, who betrayed such an ignorance of the little tricks of the trade. “When you’ve been around here long enough—if you stay—you may learn a few things,” he condescended. “Out on the old Reddington turnpike is an or- phan asylum with mighty pretty grounds. A donation to the asylum of fifty dollars will get you permission to photograph the kiddies, and a box of candy will fix the children themselves. Send your assistant out this afternoon or fix it over the wire. I’ve twisted the ’script to play up the child end. You can have Evadne the rest of this week. Make the rest of the cast to suit your- self. Better make the outside stuff first, while this weather lasts.” He swung around to his desk in sign of dismissal and Daunt went back to the studio. Interviews with Griswold always left him hot and cold. He was new to pic- ture work and like many others, he found it more difficult than it looked; but he was willing to learn, could lie find a teacher, and meanwhile, he was willing to admit his ignorance. The old men seemed to resent his presence in the studio and they laughed at his mistakes without seeking to help542 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM liim correct them. 1 Tad it not been for Betty Mason lie would have fared very badly indeed. She helped him when she could, without seeming to offer sug- gestions, but to offset her advice, he had Mrs. Childress, mother of the baby star of the Chelten company, and others of the old timers who were loud in their contempt for the new man. Chelten, unwisely enough, had told the others that he was bringing over a man who would teach them, confirmed in their old-fashioned ways, how a picture should be put on, and Daunt was paying the price of that unfortunate speech. lie had come to his work all enthusiasm, only to find that much of his effort went for naught. It was too late to get a company for the season and so he held on, hoping for a turn for the better and fighting his battles as best he could. It was unequal war- fare, but up to now he had at least held his ground, though retreat seemed im- minent. But he soon forgot his anger in his engrossment in the tale of the little waif, taken from an asylum only to find that it was better to be there than the adopted child of a careless society woman who had forgotten her enthu- siasm almost before the papers were signed. Griswold knew a good story, and the more Daunt read the ’script the better he liked it. It was the best chance he had yet been given and his only regret was that Evadne was to play the part of the orphaned waif. He felt, rather than knew, that his story was to be his last chance, and his shoulders squared and his face grew grim as he told himself that it would take more than the much petted child and her meddlesome mother to spoil the story. His assistant quickly arranged witli the asylum over the telephone, for it was not the first time that the children had posed for the pictures, and early the next morning they set out in one of the studio automobiles for the home of the homeless. In addition to Evadne and her mother, there were only Betty Mason and Denton, the camera oper- ator. They were the only ones needed for the scenes at the asylum, the rest of the cast being employed in the studic 'i] scenes. Evadne was oertlv pretty, with the j prettiness of the typical stage child, y She had been badly spoiled by all the r players, and the little twelve-year-old i| felt her importance. It was the first J time she had worked for Daunt, but he i had seen her in the studio under the f other directors and he had frowned at a her artificial airs and graces and the i affected imitation of the mannerisms! of the other and older players. It seemed j a pity to spoil the clever story with an g unreal little heroine, but even Chelten | himself thought her wonderful, and| Daunt had not dared ask for another: child. He recalled the pitying looks: some of the others had favored himt with and wondered if it meant trouble.: The arrival at the orphanage broke’ his chain of thought and he looked • down with a friendly smile at the rows of chubby children drawn up in prim i files upon the lawn. “You’ve a splendid lot of young- sters,” Daunt told the matron, as his sharp eyes glanced up and down the double line of gingham uniformed chil- dren. The matron beamed her delight afc the praise. “We try to keep them look- ing well,” she explained with pride. “People like to adopt chubby children and, if I do say it, there isn’t a place in the whole country that has more chil- dren adopted. Only last week a lady came from the other end of the state. She said everyone told her that the Reddington children were the best any- where and she thought so, too.” “But that little one on the end of the second line,” lie asked, indicating a child whose little face was not lighted with a smile as she languidly watched: Denton setting up the heavy tripod and adjusting the camera box. Even in blue and white gingham she had an air of distinction and the big brown eyes were eloquent of longing. It was an attractive little face, despite its sadness, and Betty Mason showed that she shared Daunt's interest by de- voting herself to the child while she waited the call to rehearse. “They don’t like the thin ones,” the!EYADNE AND THE NEW DIRECTOR 543 matron repeated, her eye on the child. -She doesn’t belong in an asylum. Mostly that kind has friends, but her mother died a long time ago and her father was an artist and didn’t leave no kin. I guess she’ll stay here until she gets too old, because we just can’t get her fat. and they like them fat and healthy.”	' Daunt shuddered at the thought 01 the dainty, spnituelle child being fat- tened for adoption like a porker for market, but he had little time to reflect on the subject, for Denton called that the camera was ready and the children were marched over to the spot he had selected. The first scene was simple enough, the children at play on the lawn, all save the one little girl. Mrs. Childress, as the matron, escorted Betty into the picmre; the lonesome little girl caught her eye and she decided upon adoption with the same impulsiveness that she might have shown in purchasing a pup- py. Later scenes showed the child creep- ing back to the asylum that was a better home than the palace of the wealthy faddist. Rapidly Daunt explained the action he wanted and stepped back to watch the result. He was genuinely interested in the story, and when Evadne, now in a gingham apron that was an offense to her finery-loving little soul, detached herself from the others to mince toward the camera in what would have been a laughable imitation of Gwen Olcott, the emotional star of the Chelten forces, Daunt groaned. Twice he sent her back with a plea for more naturalness and each time she became more affected in her manner. “Don’t act this, be it,” urged Daunt. “Don’t you see, Evadne, that you’re too happy? You’ve got no papa or mama and you’re all alone in a strange place. You're so miserable that you can’t play with the others and you wonder away to be alone with your grief. Act like a lonesome little girl and don’t come down stage as though you were plan- ning to do a song and dance. Be nat- ural.” Little Miss Childress drew herself up to her full height—which was not so \’ery great and she eyed the director with cold disdain. She had heard the studio gossip, the covert sneers and half concealed ridicule. “Mr. Daunt,” she said in her shrill tones, “I have had many more years of experience in pictures than you have, and I guess I know better than you how this part should be played.” She glanced toward her beaming mother and found fresh courage in the maternal glance. Her self-satisfied smirk made Betty Mason long to shake her. Betty liked the new director, green though he was, and she did not like the forward child who lorded it over the studio. Daunt could not see her face, but he heard Denton chuckle and he knew that his test had come. “Of course you haven’t been with us very long, and you don’t know much about directing,” the child continued, “but if you would leave us alone in- stead of being so bossy, we might teach you a few things you don’t know." Daunt did not know that she was reciting a part of a speech she had heard Ben Gassman make the day be- fore, but Betty did and she half started forward, then paused to see what Daunt would do. For a moment he hesitated. He must make the picture and he must make it now. If he accepted the impertinence from the child he would lose the respect of the studio, for word would be passed when they returned that Evadne had “called” the director and that he had stood for it. After that he could expect only insubordination. On the other hand, it was useless to expect the child to do as he wished her and there was no time to telephone into town for an- other, even if Griswold would permit him to drop Evadne from the cast. For an instant he wavered; then he caught Betty’s glance of sympathy and he moved over to the camera. “Got plenty of film, Jack?’ he asked, trying to make his voice sound natural. “Lots,” came the comforting answer “You said six hundred but I loaded three boxes. Twelve hundred feet^ all told. These kids waste a lot of film. Daunt nodded and turned to the child.544 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM "We’re going to ‘turn’ this time," he announced, ‘‘and I want you to act the part tiie way I tell you and not the way you think it should l>e played, if you can’t, you'll not be in the picture at all. I’ve told you exactly what I want you to do and I want to see you do it my way. Be pathetic and appealing and don’t try to act like the soubrette in a melodrama.” He spoke to (he child but he watched the mother, and he stood for a minute as Evadne moved back to the little group of children. Mrs. Childress, with a toss of her head, moved over to her point of entrance, but Betty paused a moment. “It does no good to talk,” she mur- mured. “Shake the little beast and per- haps she’ll mind." “There’s a proverb about enough rope to hang with,” he reminded, but his smile was grateful. With a glance at Denton to make sure that everything was ready, he gave a nod, and as the action started, Denton began to turn the crank that operated the camera. With a defiant smile Evad- ne tripped down toward the camera, where her mother and Betty came upon her. Mrs. Childress shared something of her daughter’s spirit of revolt and only Betty played her part. To Daunt it seemed hours before the action passed and the players moved across the lawn out of the field of the lens. “One hundred and ten feet,” an- nounced Denton, as he glanced at the indicator. “Want to try it again, Mr. Daunt?” “In a moment,” answered Daunt, moving over to where the matron stood. “I want to borrow that wistful little girl, he said. “We will pay well. There will be a couple of days at the studio for the inside scenes, but Miss Mason will take good care of her.” For a moment the matron hesitated and Daunt’s heart sank, but she gave a nod of assent and Daunt went back to the players. “Did I do any better?” asked Evadne defiantly. ^ “You might have made it a little live- lier with a cartwheel and a counle of flip-flaps.” “1 don’t see any use trying to please you/' she pouted. “There isn’t any use,” conceded Daunt. “Go and sit in the car where you will be out of the wav. Your mother will keep you company,” For a moment Mrs. Childress gazed defiantly into the steady brown eyes, then her glance fell and with the mental explanation that she was “calling his bluff,” she moved toward the car, hold- ing Evadne’s hand. Daunt called the child to him and rapidly explained what he wanted. She caught his ideas quickly and almost be- fore Mrs. Childress realized what was happening, the first scene had been turned and the camera was being moved to the point for the next scene. Then she broke forth into a tirade in which threat and prophecy were equally blend- ed and in which all manner of evil was promised the apparently unconscious Daunt. Betty Mason was only on in the first scene, but she stayed with Daunt, help- ing him to manage the child and allay her nervousness. Some of the scenes called for acting ability, but Daunt was a good judge of players and he smiled as the child justified his belief in her. In half the time Evadne would have taken, the scenes were made and once more they were in the car rolling back to town. At the studio, Evadne hurried into the building to spread her story of her wrongs, but plump Mrs. Childress wad- dled across the yard to the executive offices, where she knew she could find Chelten or Griswold. “I’d like to tell your side for you,’’ whispered Betty as they stood in the studio doorway and watched the angry woman across the lawn. “Better keep out of it,” advised Daunt. “The fight had to come and I’m glad it will soon be over with. There comes the boy for me now, I guess.” Unconsciously Betty gripped Daunt’s arm as though she feared to have him go, but she dropped it a moment later as the boy passed on to the gate and Daunt followed her inside the great glass-roofed room. The call quickly came, though, whileEVADNE AND THE NEW DIRECTOR Betty was still in her dressing- room, washing up, and Daunt was glad she was not there to see him go. Griswold and Chelten were in solemn conclave, but Mrs. Childress had van- ished. They regarded Daunt with cold displeasure" as he entered and stood quietly before them. Chelten spoke first. “I can’t have any trouble makers about here, Mr. Daunt,” he began. “Mrs. Childress tells me you threw her and the baby out of the picture.” “1 couldn’t use the child and so the mother became valueless. They were the trouble makers. The child was care- less and then impertinent. I warned her. but she would not obey and her mother encouraged her insubordination.” “She explains that you had the wrong idea of the part. The kid has had a lot of experience in pictures, Daunt. She played her first part in long clothes. You’ve got a lot to learn and she could teach it to you, she’s been around the studio so long.” “I prefer an older teacher,” explained Daunt. “Mrs. Childress bragged she would have me thrown out of the studio and I suppose that she can make good, but when I have charge of a production I shall not accept the tuition of a twelve-year-old child or her doting mother.” The three men turned in surprise as Betty Mason came into the room, a miniature whirlwind, and stood pant- ing before Chelten. - “That Childress brat has been brag- ging about the studio that you’ve sent for Mr. Daunt to dismiss him. Is that true?” she demanded. “I have been explaining to Mr. Daunt that we cannot have a trouble breeder in the company,” began Chelten blandly. ‘Then throw out Mrs. Childress and Evadne,” suggested Betty. “They’re at the bottom of about all the trouble that starts around here. Evadne was impos- sible in the part and her mother just stood there and egged her on.” “We can manage our concerns with- out the assistance of the members of the stock company,” began Chelten smoothly, but Betty interrupted. “Then why let Mrs. Childress run 545 things.'' If you let Mr. Daunt out I may as well get out too, for she has it in for me because I sided with him ’* But you’re in that ‘Clara and her Conquests series,” protested Griswold in alarm. “And what if I am? If Mr. Daunt can t beat her, I know I can’t and I’m through.” Chelten squirmed in his chair and mentally cursed Mrs. Childress. Betty was making a hit in the “Clara” series >and she could not well be spared. For a moment he was at a loss. It was Daunt who saved him. “I don’t want to become an issue,” he suggested, “though I am very grate- ful to Miss Mason for her interest. I acted, as I still believe, for the best in- terests of the company. If I am in the wrong I am quite ready to go. But Jack has two negatives of one of the scenes —one with Evadne and one with the little orphan. Perhaps the contrast will settle the matter. I purposely turned the scene with Evadne in for the sake of comparison.” Chelten clutched at a straw and the desk telephone. “Give me the negative department,” he ordered, and when connection had been made, he instructed the foreman to have prints of the negatives ready in the morning. “Come around about ten,” he sug- gested as he hung the receiver 011 its hook. “We’ll have the stuff then and let it speak for itself.’’ The speech suggested dismissal and Daunt and Betty retreated. In the hall Daunt turned. “I’m sorry I’ve gotten you into trouble.” he said gently, “but I am very much obliged for your championship.’' “It’s just that I love a scrap—and hate that small child,” she explained 111 pretty confusion as she turned to hide her crimsoning face from his level glance. Daunt raised his hat and hur- ried down the hall. If he replied, he must fell what was in his heart, and the hall was no place for that. He went out the side door to the street and they did not see him again until he came into the projection room the next morning, where Chelten andTHE GREEN BOOK ALBUM jtu Griswold were watching other bits. Mrs. Childress had returned to the attack as soon as Daunt had gone and Chelten and Griswold were barely civil in their greeting.	. , . , Betty, uninvited, slipped into the room behind the boy from the printing room with the positives, and dropped into a seat beside the projection ma- chine. The lights went out as the arc splut- tem) and Griswold grimly turned out the shaded light over the director’s table as a sign that this was a special run. Nothing was said as the short length was run, but when the end of the print snapped through the machine, Chelten looked at Griswold in the light reflected from the screen. “Looks pretty good/’ he said coldly. “I suppose she might have been a little more quiet, but a kid like that’s a favor- ite and whatever she does goes.’’ “That has been the trouble,” sug- gested Daunt quietly; then he settled back, for the second version of the scene was on the screen. Griswold shifted his position slightly as the wistful-eyed little girl came slowly toward the spectator. He knew the story and could feel the appeal of this isolated scene. There was some- thing winning about the child. She looked the part and she made her points without an effort because she was simply playing herself. Chelten leaned forward slightly and cleared his throat, but he did not speak until the scene was gone. “I thought you said you were using one of the children in the home,” he oi/mmented dryly. Betty noiselessly clapped her hands. “I did,” was Daunt’s simple explana- tion. No more was said. Billy worked quickly in response to Betty’s whis- pered “Hurry !M and the room was quiet until the last of the four bits had been run. Then Griswold turned to the operator. “Billy,” he ordered, and his voice was husky, “keep that stuff down here. I’m going to send Mrs. Childress and Evadne over here for a lesson in act- ing.” “And Mr. Daunt?” Betty asked. Griswold smiled at the new director. “I guess Daunt’s intelligent enough to know that we don’t need more than a ton of rock to fall on us,” he said. “We win,” cried Betty in delight as the door swung to. “I’m going to adopt that kiddie.” “I was thinking of that myself, if I could find anyone to care for her.” “I’d love to have her,:’ Betty pleaded. ‘‘Would a half do, loyal little girl?” pleaded Daunt. For a moment Betty searched his face and read his story there. “You needn’t mind Billy; he’s a par- ticular friend of mine,” she explained as she put up her Hps for the betrothal kiss.MAn HAROLD BENJAMIN WHO IS HEQ WHY IS HE WHERE D0E5 | HECOME 1 ' FROM WHY DOES HfCOME THE CHORUS MAN is the Eternal Mystery of Theatrical Life. Ask the men who have worked around the theatres all their lives specif- ic questions about the Chorus Man and the majority of them will be unable to give any satisfactory answers. Those who do give answers will often contra- dict themselves and each other. The fact is that the Chorus Man be- longs to no special species of the human race, except his own. He is a develop- ment and a composite. He is an enigma. He may truly sing, “We’re here because we’re here because we’re here!” The Chorus Man is not only enig- matic but prevalent. The scarcity of chorus women, no matter how many thousands of “girls” of all ages, shapes, and sizes are registered at the offices in New York, is a perennial story which blossoms out every autumn, when the big companies are being organized for the season. This story, moreover, has an element of truth, as the managers are genuinely anxious to get the best looking and cleverest girls. There are plenty of chorus women but by no means enough of the right kind. But did anybody ever read a story complaining of the scarcity of Chorus Men ? Wherever the Chorus Man comes from, he is obviously part of an un- limited supply. Of course most produc- tions have two or three chorus "girls” for every Chorus Man, but nevertheless his name is legion and when wanted no advertising is necessary. The least un- dercurrent of gossip in the theatrical world suffices to bring him, well dressed and smiling, to the stage door of the theatre where rehearsals are to be con- ducted. On the Stage and Off THERE is 110 need to waste time describing the Chorus Man on the stage, as he is seen by thousands and thousands of musical comedy play-goers every season. Put on the regulation make-up, and the only thing that seems to differ about him is his costume. 547548 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM I Whether he happens to be one of a group of young millionaires, clad in flannels and dancing strange un-million- aire-like dances with a “bevy of genuine American beauties” on the pier at New- port, whether he is posing as one of a picturesque gang of Cuban conspir- ators, or whether he finds himself down as one of the participants in a court ball of some mythical kingdom, he is really an the same. He may be down on the program among the “bull fighters,” yjUL,g.r°Wemen ” "American tourists” and half a dozen other things, but the alterations are no deeper than the clothes he wears. The Chorus Man must not be a distinct individuality. On the program of a big musical pro- duction, after the list of principals, one finds first the “show girls,” then the “mediums” and then the “dancers,” “broilers,” or whatever the manager chooses to call the more energetic but least imposing section of his feminine ensemble. Last of all come the Chtyrus Men. This is as it should be, from a prac- tical point of view. The Chorus Man is merely an adjunct to the entertainment, lie is necessary because male voices are required and because the Chorus Girl must have something to dance with and cling to. He is there merely to help display her charms. The Uniform Type SPEAKING in general terms, the Chorus Man is of a singularly uniform type off the stage as well as on it. The sylph-like blonde who embraces him on the stage and in whose arms she is cradled for a romantic song, may pass him by on the street with a haughty stare of superior disdain. But just as surely as you can spot the Chorus Girl descending from her taxicab, you can identify the Chorus Man as he stands on the nearest Broadway corner and smokes the cigaret that never fails. Chorus girls earn varying wages. Mere show girls, who are known to “draw money to the box office” have been paid as much as $30 or $35 a week in a big summer entertainment. Of course this price is far above the aver- age, but is quoted for contrast. The Chorus Man has no such individual value. His price is uniform. It is almost invariably $18 per week, and when a production is having a long New York run, he sometimes gets two or three dollars less, on the theory that it costs him less to live when he can board by the week and has no traveling expense. Eighteen dollars a week for a full- grown young man, with some voice, with average “good looks,” with a “pleasing personality!” That's all he is worth and all he gets! How, then, does he manage to dress so well, look so well-fed and have many outward evidences of prosperity?THE CHORUS MA-N The fact is, that though the Chorus Man is famous for his ability to make small economies, a great many of the “boys'* are not entirely dependent on what they earn in the theatre. This does not mean that most of them have any other occupation, for such is not the case. But there is often a mother or a sister at home who does not forget them and many a Chorus Man has some “al- lowance” or some friend from whom he “borrows” with no sincere expecta- tion of ever “paying up.” Better than the Chorus Girl AS A matter of record, there is no question but what the Chorus Men, generally speaking, come from a better class of homes than the chorus women. Though college graduates in the chorus are rare, they are by no means un- known. Most of the Chorus Men have some fair education, some breeding. A pretty girl may be of the very humblest tenement origin and yet good material for the stage manager. But the male animal of the same grade is less adapt- able. He may become a millionaire in business, yet he will still bear the traces of his birth and the labor of his early life. Millionaire he may become, but Chorus Man scarcely ever! There are college men in the chorus and men whose education has never ex- tended beyond the grammar school, but by far the great majority are from the lower middle class. In other walks of life these same men would have be- come clerks or salesmen. They are not of the stuff that enters mechanical pur- suits or the professions. There are Chorus Men from all over the world—men born in New York, San Francisco, London, and all the large cities. The foreign Chorus Man, though he may occasionally be found, is far less common than the French chorus girl. But the greater part of the Chorus Men come from the small cities or the more prosperous industrial towns. In the en- vironment of those places the stage has a glamour which is mingled with the glamour of a .oving life and the Big City which is as yet unknown. It is the small-city boy at the “gents’s fur- nishing’’counter of the local department store, who reads some New York the- atrical paper of the professional type and dreams of the day when he shall be “before the footlights.” More than likely he is the star of the “Apollo Dra- matic Association”—the name is of no significance—and the editor of the local paper speaks of him as “our talented young fellow townsman, whose his- trionic ability might well put to shame the efforts of many of the most dis- tinguished metropolitan stars who are to be seen at our palatial Opera House.” The Lad with the Lovely Voice MORE than likely, this same small- city boy sings in the church choir and everyone tells him that his voice is “simply lovely.” The only trouble is, that if he is the kind of boy who even- tually finds his way into a Broadway musical comedy chorus, he is more than willing to believe all that is told him.550 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM He comes to New York and he ex- pects great things. He finds that there is no place for the beginner and he has not the means to study and wait. So he joins the chorus. It is true that a large percentage of the Chorus Men seem as utterly devoid of any real ambition as the majority of chorus -girls. This is not-because the am- bition did not exist in the beginning, in most cases* but .because it has evap- orated with the realization of what con- ditions actually are and with the gen- eral laxity of the rather indolent life he leads. The type of Chorus Man just de- scribed is of the better sort. Of course there is another type, more commonly from the larger cities. These are the black sheep who have a natural aversion to any kind of concentrated labor, but who have the good looks and half-tal- ents of many such ne’er-do-weels. They drift into the chorus because they have had trouble with their patient families, because their money is exhausted, and because they think it will be a “lark.” They are just naturally born loafers with the “show-off instinct.” This man & is the one who brings discredit on the ] Chorus Man in general, even though 1 he is by no means as large a proportion ] as the outside public has been led to j imagine. How the Chorus Man Spends His \ Time THE difficulty which confronts the ^ Chorus Alan, if lie really wants to earn g anything substantial in addition to his j weekly stipend of $18. is that he is not j generally long enough in one city to i make any regular connection. The num- J ber of productions that have runs of six months or more, even in New York 1 city, seldom exceeds half a dozen dur- 1 ing a season. In any other city six weeks 1 or two months is ordinarily the maxi- i rrmm, and the exceptions only go to I prove the rule. Morever, the chance of obtaining regular employment is less- | ened by the fact that there are two matinees a week and that rehearsals may be called at any hour of the day or night. The honest chorus girl, who really wants to work, can sometimes make money by posing for artists or photog- raphers or by being a model at a fash- ionable dress-making establishment, for such labor is not necessarily confined to strict hours. But such avenues are not open to the Chorus Man. I personally remember one deter- mined Chorus Man who came from aTHE CHORUS MAN 551 small city in Vermont. He stubbornly refused to go on tour, but as he had some voice and was a big, fine appear- ing fellow, he often was able to find chorus work in New York. In addition to being a Chorus Man he was a book agent, he addressed envelopes, he can- vassed for all sorts of things and he never seemed to have an idle moment. I have never seen another like him. It is almost needless to say that he was too good a business man to stay in the cho- rus when he once made up his mind that he was not destined to become a great actor. He is now prosperously engaged in the Life Insurance business. This man was a seven days’ wonder from Vermont. He would have made a practical success of selling papers or carpet-tacks or kitchen ranges or any- thing else on earth. He was born that way and just got into the chorus by mistake. The manner in which the three or four or five more energetic and less supercilious chorus men to be met with in any large company make a little ex- tra money is either by being “dresser' for the star or one of the other male principals or by helping load the scen- ery when the company is on tour. I have known Chorus Men who did both of these things and were comparatively comfortable. It is a fortunate thing for the Chorus Man that as soon as a principal gets to earning about $75 per week he discovers a sudden inability to brush and put on his own clothes! How He Spends His Money I HAVE already cited the mystery of how the Chorus Man manages to appear so well-dressed and prosperous on the $18 per week he earns and the indefinite additional sum which he bor- rows, gets from his family at home, or, being of the industrious class, earns in some way about the theatre. In this con- nection, it is to be remembered that, from his training on the stage, the Chorus Man will take better care of a suit of clothes than almost any other being alive and will do more to make a $12 ready-made look like a $45 tailor- made than one can readily imagine. It may also be mentioned that as he does little or no work outside the theatre, his apparel, which is part of his stock in trade, has little wear. When playing a long engagement in any city, the Chorus Man is generally to be found from four o’clock in the morning until noon or one o’clock in the afternoon in the hall bed-room of a theatrical boarding house. Often a couple of them live together and get better accommodations. In the after- noon he is wasting time (except on matinee days) in whatever way he can waste it most agreeably, often on the main theatrical street of the city where he is playing. This is after he has had his breakfast, which has also served him for lunch, and which is frequently552 'taken on the sly at a "dairy lunch” or some equally frugal establishment About six o'clock he gets his real meal of the day, “sponging” it if he canand going to a table d’hote if he can t. 1 hen comes the evening performance and, after the performance, his supper, which is apt to be mainly liquid refresh- ment at one of the cheaper side-street “bohemian" restaurants too common to require description. It is here that he gets together with others of his kind, and those people who think they have heard scandal and have never been a member of such an after-the-theatre party may be assured that they have yet to learn the rudiments of genial slander. It is in these places that the Chorus Man undertakes to be a theatrical per- son and spends his money. Theatrical Life at $18 a Week HERE, again, no rules fit all cases. I have known Chorus Men who were honestly married to Chorus Girls and brought up families! The “dresser” of one well-known comedian is a Chorus Man himself and has a wife who is a Chorus Girl. Neither of them are ever apt to rise above their present level, but they have two children and seem to be fairly contented. When the chil- dren can be used in a company, they are taken along with the parents. It is by no means an impossible thing for a single man to live, with a place to sleep and enough to eat and warm clothes to wear, on even $18 per week. I know it from experience. But then I was not a Chorus Man and did not have to spend money late at night. What Becomes of the Chorus Man TWENTY years ago—even fifteen years ago—the Chorus Man often grew old in the chorus. He was more of a fixture, like the Grand Opera Chorus Man or Chorus Woman of to-day. He got into the business because he had some voice and he stayed because he had become something of an artist in his own small way. The Chorus Man fifty years of age was not a phenom- enon. THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM To-day, thirty-five years seems to be about the maximum age limit. The cry is for youth and youthful appearance and youthful activity. What, then, be- comes of the Chorus Man? The best and most comprehensive answer to this question came from an old company manager who has grown gray in the business and has spent much of his working life in charge of musical organizations. “They go back to where they came from,” he said. I doubt if any Chorus Man to-day spends more than five, or at the most, ten years in the chorus. If he is ever to rise above the chorus, he has done that before the first five years are over; and then he is started on a career which may amount to very little or may even end in having his name in big letters on the bill-boards and in electric lights on the signs of fashionable playhouses. Genius, like murder, will out. Perhaps one Chorus Man out of four finally graduates from the chorus and does sufficiently well to remain per- manently on the stage. Of the same four, perhaps one, on the average, will end up as a complete wreck and derelict, drifting down into the underworld to die, or hanging around theatres until he finally can no longer stay in the chorus and falls hopelessly into the ranks of the “extra people.” The other two out of the same four constituted the mystery which I did not understand until the old manager said, “They go back to where they came from.” When He Goes Back Home BY THIS the manager did not mean that the man who dropped out of the chorus and out of theatrical life alto- gether all returned to their home towns, though many of them do. He meant rather, that they go back into more or less the same walk of life which they left to go on the stage. Ex-Ghorus-Men, who may admit guardedly that they were “once on the stage for a while’* without specifying m what capacity, are to be found, many of them fairly prosperous, in a wide range of occupations right in New YorkTHE CHORUS MAN 553 City. They obtain work in hotels, res- taurants, dry-goods stores, brokers’ offices, automobile concerns, tailors’ shops, fashionable dress-making estab- lishments, cosmetic and .hair concerns, and in innumerable other fields. Their chorus experience is a real asset, for, if they are at all intelligent, it will have taught them something of deportment, bearing, adaptability, and neatness that they would not otherwise have acquired. The same boy who left the local de- partment store and the Apollo Dramatic Association in the small city, often goes back again and appears in the light of a far superior creature. He has the metro- politan atmosphere and clings to it for dear life. He is the delight of the girls in the dramatic society, which he rejoins in a condescending manner and where be exercises all the prerogatives of star and stage director. He explains that the stage turned out to be unworthy of up- lifting, that he could not endure the roving and unsettled life, that his fam- ily could not spare him, and that he discovered it was impossible for any- body to get ahead without some sort of “pull.” Some of these boys marry women who would have been complete- ly out of their sphere if they had never seen something of the world. Climbing Out of the Chorus THOUGH the system of selection may be crude and sometimes preju- diced, it is nevertheless true that the Chorus Men who rise to the distinction of obtaining “parts” are those best suited for professional advancement. The first step is that of “understudy” to one of the principals. Even if the principal is disgustingly healthy, the “understudy” always gets a chance to do the role at some rehearsals and comes under the direct instruction of the company stage manager, not as one of a crowd but as an individual who must be ready in case of emergency. Even if the “understudy” never has a chance to appear in New York, patience and industry will eventually bring op- portunity in the chance to do a “bit” with some company on tour. This, in turn, leads to a small part with some secondary company in the smaller cities, and then, if the man has ambi- tion and some real ability, he is started on the road to success, especially if it develops that he has a voice. The Chance of Success THEATRICAL success is strangely uncertain. I know to-day one Chorus Man who graduated from a leading American university some five years ago. He was the idol of the students, owing to what seemed to be his start- ling ability as a dancer, which won him the post of “leading lady” for the fra- ternity performances. Somehow, he has failed to arrive. He has been a “picked dancer” in the chorus and an “under- study”—but nothing more. He is a per- fectly decent chap of good family, too proud to admit defeat. On the other hand, a young fellow who was a chorus man not six months ago is to-day an important principal in one big musical company on tour. He has taken the place of the very principal whom the first Chorus Man understudied a year ago, and failed to succeed. Of another class, is the son of a well- to-do New York manufacturer. Two years ago he entered the chorus. He had fair education, a fine appearance and some voice. He got a “bit” and became assistant stage manager of a good com- pany, only to prove himself so untrust- worthy that he had to be put back in the ranks. The sooner his father gets this boy into some office, the better. Theatrical people are not unkindly or ungenerous. I know of another Chorus Man, who came from the lowest class, from which I have said Chorus Men are seldom drafted. He had voice, and the principals of the company furnished the money for him to have a necessary operation of the nose and throat. He has a long, hard road still before him, for he is awkward and not good to look upon, but the miracle of his success is some day sure to happen. To give the Chorus Man his due, he is not nearly so bad as he is painted. Many of them are very decent young chaps indeed, who will eventually go to work and become respected citizens.T™? Juxur JmiMiter Wtj GEORut W. MONROE BLESSED, indeed, and lucky be- yond compare, is the comedian who has the innate ability to get laughs and make people forget their troubles. The woods are full of come- dians, some grave, some gay, some melancholy. Comedians are men of method. One gets his laughs because he is six feet tall and has the face of an undertaker; one wins approval be- cause he has a voice with an absurd tremolo; another is successful be- cause his figure is plump and his face round; still another because he is funny, not because of the lines he has to speak and the situations he has to enact, but rather in spite of those aids. The true comedian, to the writer’s 554THE LUXURY OF LAUGHTER 555 mind, is the man who can read a line intended to be serious, in such a way that it becomes funny. Anyone with intelligence can read a genuinely funny line and extract a laugh; but not everyone, and this includes many pseudo comedy men, can be funny when they do not have the lines and situations that bring laughter of themselves. William Collier undoubtedly is one of the most clever and finished of comedians. He is a shining example of a comedian with a method. He has a face that is positively somber. He rarely smiles. He is alert mentally, and has a dry, matter-of-fact deliv- ery that is irresistibly funny. Of another type is Eddie Foy. Foy is droll in the extreme. He has a funny, expressive face, and is a mas- ter in the art of grotesque make-up. These two men represent two schools of modern stage comedy. They are both eminently successful and yet as different in their styles as can be imagined. Some comedians depend upon char- acter types for their forte. Undoubt- edly the leading exponent of charac- ter comedy work, in its lighter vein, is Lew Fields. Mr. Fields is a close student of comedy. He weighs the possibilities of a line or a scene down to the finest possible point. He gets the utmost out of every syllable he utters on the stage. Of the same general school is Sam Bernard, a German dialectician, who gives to his every impersonation a study and understanding that is re- flected in the character as he plays it. These men we have mentioned are only a drop in the bucket of comedy. One might mention such men as Ray- mond Hitchcock, Frank Lawlot, G. P. Huntley, Jess Dandy, Frank Mou- lan, James T. Powers, Richard Carle, Tom Lewis, Frank McIntyre, and a score or more of other leading lights in the comedy firmament. I have at- tempted to mention only a few, who occur to me. Each of these men has a different method. All of them have developed a line of laughter pro- duction that stamps them not only as genial entertainers, but as men with intelligence, who have developed their innate comedy ability to a high degree of perfection and finish. The writer has been in the busi- ness of furnishing antidotes for at- tacks of seriousness for over twenty- five years. Nature has gifted me with a personality that insists upon laugh- ing. My serious and depressed moods have been few and far between. During a quarter of a century a co- median learns a great deal. If he is observant he soon places his mental finger on the sort of comedy the pub- lic likes best. He discovers, for in- stance, that the salacious or indecent dialogue or scene does not appeal to any great number of people. Clean fun, presented intelligently, is what establishes a comedian in a status and enables him to build up a clientele or following. Low. or character, comedy of a broad type is the sort of work I have personally found to be best suited to my abilities. A good many years ago I was ap- pearing in what was then known as the Varieties. I had a partner by the name of McCarthy. We were present- ing an Irish act, “Grogan’s Chinese Laundry,” a rough sketch, with more or less slapstick in it. The late George Knight, a famous comedian of the German school, was556 the green book album producing a piece entitled “Over The Garden Wall.” In the piece there was the part of an Irish woman, called Bridget. Mr. Knight happened in at the theatre where my partner and I were appearing. In our sketch I played two parts, one of a man,, the other of an Irish woman, with broad accent and robust physique. Mr. Knight met me after the performance and asked me who was the third per- son in the act. I said there were only two people, but he remarked that he was referring to the woman. I told him I was playing the woman. Mr. Knight offered me the part of the Irish servant in his play. I ac- cepted, as it meant a decided step in advance for me in a professional way. The playing of this Bridget part is how I came to originate my character of Aunt Bridget, which has since be- come more or less well known to theatre-goers. Aunt Bridget was a hit. The broad humor of the part, the wholesome, clean, if sometimes rough, manners of the Celtic dame, appealed to audi- ences. My part was made bigger and bigger, until it became of almost equal importance to that of the star. I remained with Mr. Knight for sev- eral seasons. Meantime I became ac- quainted with a young fellow in the company, John C. Rice, whom you probably recognize as one of the most popular of present-day vaudeville ar- tists. Rice and I decided that we would have a play written for our- selves, utilizing and elaborating the same character of Aunt Bridget which had been so successful. The play was written and it was called “Our Aunt Bridget.” It was a success. Then followed a series of “Aunt Bridget” pieces. Two of them were “Aunt Bridget’s Baby” and “Our Happy Little Home.” These plays lasted for a good many seasons and firmly established me as a de- lineator of broadly burlesqued fem- inine types. It would seem that I might right- ’ fully claim to have been one of the first successful female impersonators, but, unlike the present-day perform- ers in that line, there never was any ‘ mystery as to whether or not I was man or woman. My voice is not what you would call soprano. It is pitched in low baritone. But the fact that I played my parts in a spirit of broad - farce seemingly made them all suc- cessful. After the series of “Bridget” com- edies, I appeared in another Irish farce,, with a woman as the central character. This piece was “Mrs. j 0*Shaughnessy, Wash Lady.” Then came “The Widow Dooley’s Dream,’* 1 another broad farce with the familiar Irish woman, with engaging smile and generous figure. After Widow Dooley, I took a fly- ing tour in vaudeville, playing the Aunt Bridget character in a mono- logue. Then I went back again to Aunt Bridget as a revival. After a sea- son or so, in which I flitted in and out of vaudeville, I finally appeared for Klaw & Erlanger as a headliner in advanced vaudeville at the New York Theatre. I played about thirty weeks for K. & E. and then went with a piece called “The Top o’ th’ World.” This was a very successful produc- tion and continued as a popular at- traction for a number of seasons. After this venture, I was engaged for a principal part in “The Mimic World.”THE LUXURY OF LAUGHTER 557 It was at this time that I became identified for the first time with Lew Fields, with whom I have remained ever since. After “The Mimic World,” I was engaged by Mr. Fields to play one of the principal parts in “The Jolly Bachelors,” one of those tre- mendously big musical melanges. I remained with this piece for two years, and this season I became the possessor of another big part in Mr. Fields' present successful production, “The Never Homes.” But. in every production with which I have been associated, wheth- er under my own or some one else’s management, I have always appeared as a woman—and a nice, large, fat, good natured woman, in the bargain. Therefore, in more senses than one, I may truthfully say that I have played nothing but fat parts. In the parlance of the theatre, a fat part is usually understood to be a good part, one that enables the actor to show his ability off to the best possible ad- vantage. Such fat parts as come un- der this head are eagerly sought after by actors in general. The other variety of fat parts are those having todo with avoirdupois. It is all a matter of heft and brawn with me. Nature has cast me in a mould., which if not exactly heroic, is at least solid and substantial. My parts have never worried me. It never has been necessary for me to fly to the pad and . the pillow to supply any physical de- ficiency when offered a fat role. A young man hailed me as I was leaving the theatre, after a matinee, a few weeks back. “Mr. Monroe, I want to thank you for curing me,” said he. “Curing you, young man? What are you talking about?” “Well, I went in to see your show, feeling away down in the dumps and blue as a bottle of ink. I’ve been out of a job for so long that I was begin- ning to think there was nothing left for me but a dive off some dock. But you gave me the best laugh I’ve had in ten years. Why, you looked just like our old cook, and I clean forgot my troubles, watching you. I’m cured.” And with that he left me, wonder- ing whether I had cured him because I looked like their cook or because I had made him laugh. Talking about playing to appreci- ative audiences calls to my mind an occasion, when I was appearing in “Our Aunt Bridget.” We were tour- ing in the middle west, and Christmas week, usually a very unsatisfactory and home-sick one for the actor, I was asked if I would be Santa Claus for an Orphan Asylum. It was in Co- lumbus. I readily agreed. I decided, however, I would give the kiddies a new kind of Santa Claus. So, when the time arrived for me to appear in the dining-room of the Asylum, where about three hundred poor youngsters were gathered for their Christmas dinner, I introduced myself as Mrs. Santa Claus, using the same make-up as I had used in my piece. At first the children were some- what dubious. They had never been informed that Old Man Christmas had a wife. But I told them stories, distributed presents, sang to them, danced a little, and finally brought in several of the smaller members of my company, dressed as Santa Claus s children. Never have I seen such de- lighted youngsters. Here was a novel-558 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM ty for them. The rich children, and those other kiddies who spent their Christmas with their fathers and mothers, had only Mr. Santa himself to help them out, while these children had his wife, who had never before appeared before any little children. It was the most appreciative audience I have ever faced. How those kids did laugh and applaud and press forward to shake Mrs. Santa’s hand. I think that was the fattest part I have ever played. I would rather be known as the man who makes people laugh than anything else. When you walk out on the stage, if you are a comedian, your audience expects to laugh. Give them half a chance and they will laugh as heartily as any comedian could wish. The same audience will sit interested enough in watching what the other people in the company do. They will appreciate the beauty of a singer’s voice, the loveliness of some comely woman, the dexterity of some agile dancer, or the acting ability of some talented actor. And they will enjoy and applaud all of these. But the comedian has the best of all of them. They will laugh with him, and they* will forget their own troubles and join in with the funny man in finding : out that life holds something else be- sides work and worry. Comedians do not grow old. They may add a year to their age every twelve-month; their hair may thinj out or become gray, and deep lines may appear about their eyes and ‘ around their mouths; even their knees may become shaky, but their hearts are always young, because i they have led luxurious lives. - They have made people laugh and added something to the sum total of human happiness. They are the luck- ■ iest men in the world—and they know it.from ______ fic Triat^le^ Cfxannirg pollock THIS month Mr. Pollock discusses “Kismet,” “The Talker,” "A Butterfly on the Wheel/' ■'The Return from Jerusalem,” “Just to Get Married,” “The Bird of Paradise,” “Over the River,” and a number of other plays. LAST month the theatrical moun- tain labored, as usual, bringing forth one lion and several mice. The mice were of various sizes; some of them almost succeeded in looking like lions. There was Maurice Donnay’s “The Return from Jerusa- lem.” adapted from the French for Madame Simone, which roared so hard one was almost convinced, and there were Marion Fairfax’s interest- ing comedy, "The Talker,” and a pretty good parlor melodrama, en- titled “A Butterfly on the Wheel.” In the last zoological analysis, however, there was only one lion, and his name was “Kismet.” A curious thing about the mice was their recourse to that almost obso- lete instrument, the dramatic tri- angle. (“Very curious!” I can hear you say, but I’m obliged to choose 559 .560 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM between mixing metaphors and put- ting my rodents into vaudeville.) One fancied that the triangle had pretty well gone out of use. Its range is so limited, and it has been em- ployed so constantly, sounding its two or three inharmonious notes in farce, in comedy, in drama, and in tragedy. Husband, wife, and lover; wife, husband and mistress, until one grew certain there were more soul mates on the stage than in all the rest of the whole world. This winter the theatre has been more than ordinarily prolific of dram- atized family rows; every kind, color and shape of domestic difficulty has been dragged to and fro behind the footlights. And now, in the very be- ginning of the new year, two-thirds of our productions hark back to the familiar music, and we find the old three-cornered situation masquerad- ing as a problem in “The Return from Jerusalem,” “The Grain of Dust,” “A Butterfly on the Wheel,” “The Talker,” “The Stranger,” and “The Right to Happiness,” “KISMET” THE exception to the rule has been the one big success of the month, Edward Knoblauch’s Orien- tal drama. “Kismet,” in which Otis Skinner is appearing at the Knicker- bocker. Mr. Knoblauch is a young Bosto- nian, graduated from Harvard, who has entered the local field of things theatrical by way of London. Six years ago Lena Ashwell, who had produced the piece abroad, brought to America Mr. Knoblauch’s first play, “The Shulamite,” which, in spite of rather unusual power, failed utterly at the Lyric. The New The- atre presented his second work, “The Cottage in the Air.” a milk-and- water mixture that came to nothing, and then William Faversham acted at Daly’s in another disappointing ef- fort from his pen. entitled “The » Faun.” Mr. Knoblauch’s stock was begin- s ning to fall when Oscar Asche, best . known here for his brilliant acting i with Virginia Harned in Pinero’s “Iris,” scored an unequivocal hit with i “Kismet” at the Garrick Theatre, : London, and Harrison Grey Fiske, in I association with Klaw & Erlanger, I exhibited the drama here with results already noted. “Kismet” proves what “The Gar- den of Allah” already had gone a long way to disprove—that a production primarily spectacular, divided into numberless scenes, may claim and hold interest as a play. Hippodromic in its massiveness, its gorgeousness, its variety of background; cut up in- to ten parts, with all sorts of things going on before the curtain between those parts, “Kismet,” nevertheless, grips from its first line to its last—a vivid, colorful melodrama in which the thread of events is not lost for a single instant. Nor is this sway due wholly to the physical quality of the drama, to the plenitude of what my friend, Hassan Ben Ali, calls “polite slaying.” One preserves the keenest possible inter- est in the characters and the philos- ophy of the story, even while one’s senses are ravished by the opulence and splendor of its environment. The program describes “Kismet” as an “Arabian Night.” It is just that; witnessing the performance is like reading the volume of “Arabian Nights,” illustrated by Maxfield Par- rish. “Kismet” is Oriental, not only in its trappings, but in its spirit; in its fatalism, its unbridled exercise of primitive passion, its reliance uponco- incidence, and its great wealth of in- cident. Many of the phrases used in the dialogue actually are from Sir Richard Burton. The perfect union of drama and spectacle recalls the onlyNOTES FROM THE DRAMATIC TRIANGLE 561 two other productions known to me in which gaud has been an auxiliary of narrative force—"If I were King” and “The Darling of the Gods.” The action of “Kismet” is supposed to take place in twenty-four hours, during which the play’s hero, Hajj. the beggar, murders two gentlemen and makes the round trip from men- dicancy to magnificence. It was the editor’s busy day, in fact—that day which began with dawn before the Mosque of .the Carpenters, in old Baghdad, and Hajj on the steps cry- ing out for ‘‘Alms, in the name of Allah! In the name of Allah, alms!” Hajj's ancient enemy, Jawan, who stole his wife and murdered his child, comes to the Mosque, a Sheik, be- stowing bounty and searching for his own son, who was taken from him by the last Caliph. Hajj, ignorant of the man’s iden- tity, blesses his foe, and receives a bag of gold, thrown at his feet with shrieks of jeering laughter. He dedi- cates the gold to revenge, and, be- queathing his ancestral throne, the stone by the steps of the mosque, to another beggar, Kasim, he goes forth to square accounts with the despoiler. The second scene, showing the ba- zaar at Baghdad, is a wonderful pic- ture—a graphic, moving, colorful grouping, quite worthy of a Belasco or a Beerbohm Tree, which contin- ues to unfold as a picture, without a line of dialogue, for five minutes aft- er the curtain lifts. Here we meet the Caliph Abdallah, commander of the faithful, and the Wazir Mansur, fa- vorite of the old Caliph, who is fol- lowed by the striking ebon figure of his sworder, Kafur. Here, too, Hajj, unable to free him- self so quickly of habit, though plen- tifully supplied with money, steals gorgeous raiment and, with it, makes off to his well beloved daughter, Marsinah, where he is arrested and dragged before Mansur. The Wazir, no longer a favorite at court, has been commanded to appear before Abdallah and render an ac- counting of public funds that he has squandered. In despair he has lis- tened to the suggestion of the sinis- ter sworder that he arrange the as- sassination of the Caliph. There is no one to commit the crime. ‘Tear not!” says Kafur. “Fate hath written the deed in the lines of some man’s fore- head, and when the hour comes he will be at hand.’* The hour has come, and the city guards bring in Hajj. The scimitar lifted to cut off his right hand, for- feit to justice, Hajj is reprieved to murder Abdallah. To this murder he consents, promised that his daughter shall become the wife of Mansur, and ignorant of the fact that the Caliph, climbing the wall into her courtyard, already has won the heart of Mar- sinah. So we proceed to the Diwan, or audience hall, of Abdallah, before whom the guards bring Jawan, ac- cused of ancient crimes. The Shiek’s beneficences speak for him, however, and he is sent to prison only until the account of his charities can be inves- tigated. Hajj, posing as a juggler, attempts the life of the Caliph, fails, betrays the instigator of the deed, and is thrust into the very cell occu- pied by his foe. There he breaks his chains, strangles Jawan, exchanges apparel with him, and, leaving the dead body lying in his place, is freed by the edict of the Caliph, liberating the ab- solved Sheik. Returning home, he learns that Mansur has sent for Mar- sinah, to wreak his vengeance upon her; gains access to the harem of the Wazir, stabs him in the back and holds his head beneath the waters of a bathing pool, while the bubbles breaking on the surface indicate the last gasps of the dying villain. Abdallah arrives an instant after?62	THE GREEN the murder, and, learning that Hajj is the father of the woman he loves, sentences him to nothing worse than exile from Baghdad. The play ends, as it began, before the Mosque of the carpenters, where Marsinah, arrayed in the finery put on her by order of Mansur, when he designed her to be his bride of a night, is carried past in the wedding procession of the Caliph. Hajj, who, on the morrow, is to be- gin a pilgrimage to Mecca, demands his stone of Kasim. "Thou didst give it to me at dawn,” protests the beggar. “And at night I take it away,” replies Hajj. ‘‘That is Fate.” Kasim drags himself of?, while Hajj, strutting majestically to the throne from which he has been absent but a day, proclaims: “To the Caliph I may be dirt, but to dirt I am the Caliph.” In an instant he is sleeping peacefully, and, while his snores rend the silence of the tropic night, the curtain slowly falls. This story, which, picturesque and swiftly moving as it is, might be more or less commonplace in any other setting, appeals powerfully to the imagination in the opulent en- vironment of the medieval Orient. The play is never dull—not even be- tween acts, when there is jugglery and dancing before the curtain and when a man and woman render a song cycle that, in a way, symbolizes the meaning of the drama. Truth to tell, these two lovers are not overly melo- dious; The Lady Who Goes to the Theatre With Me prayed they might be married without delay, so that there might be no more chanting. In- deed, all the incidental music lacks distinction; one wishes it might have been composed by William Furst, whose accompaniment was so strik- ing an advantage to “The Darling of the Gods.” Mr. Skinner is essentially a roman- tic actor—in fact, he is almost the last of the romantic actors. Put him BOOK ALBUM in trousers and his art sufferB a total eclipse. As Hajj, the most pictur- esque figure he has been called upon to realize since his production of “The Harvester,” he is at his best, giving the full value of his sonorous voice and of his skillful reading. Mr. Asche may have done more with Hajj’s moments of ferocity, but the insincerity and the suavity of the beggar are peerlessly shown by Mr. Skinner. After the star, the most vividly impressive person in “Kis- met” is George Relph, who came from England to play the Sworder. No one who sees the piece will for- get Kafur; his appearance is so elo- 1 quent that one regrets his having ( lines to speak. Fred Eric, as the Caliph, and Ham- ilton Revelle, as the Wazir, are the weakest spots in an excellent com- pany, special praise being due Sheri- dan Block for his Jawan, Rita Jolivet for her Marsinah, and Georgia Wood- thorpc for her performance of a nurse. “Kismet” is the biggest two dol- lars’ worth in New York. “THE TALKER” MARION FAIRFAX, who wrote “The Talker,” current at the Harris Theatre, and Maurice Donnay, who wrote “The Return from Jerusalem,” are agreed that a woman’s last step, before looking for an affinity, is to figure up how many meals she has eaten with her husband. Miss Fair- fax’s heroine, Kate Lenox, made the total 1,725 breakfasts; Henriette de Chouze had counted 1,460 luncheons, and neither of them seemed to be pleased about it. If a man had written “The Talker he must have stood convicted of ur- gallantry, for a more severe arraign- ment of the modern woman, that self-satisfied failure of our century, has not been spoken from our stage.NOTES FROM THE DRAMATIC TRIANGLE Harry Lenox puts his case and the case of mankind in a nutshell, when, returning from his work to soiled linen, an ill-prepared dinner, and in- finite argument regarding the subjec- tion of the sex, he inquires: “How many women would pile out every morning, hustle into town, grind all day, and hustle back again during the rush hours—and all for the sake of the dismal reception, the grouchy breakfast with Mrs. Wife in a kimono with one eye shut, and fuss- ing about having to get a meal that would put an East-side boarding house on the blink in less than a week? And what little she does do handed out as a favor—not as some- thing she wants and loves to do as her part toward making the home. No wonder so many fellows get sick of it and want to quit in a year or two. But they can’t—the lady’s got all the law on her side. He promised to love and cherish, and love and cherish he must or she’ll soon know the reason why. She promised a few things, too, but that seems to be a very different matter !” “The Talker” has an exceedingly good idea at its bottom—an idea, un- fortunately, lost, to a great extent, in lengthy conversation and in family bickerings. Mrs. Lenox, an affection- ate and honest woman at heart, has become the disciple of a dozen half- baked philosophies, which she voices at the slightest provocation. These philosophies do her no real harm, be- cause she is too sensible to act upon them, but they exert a tremendous in- fluence upon her husband’s young sister, Ruth, who does act upon them to the extent of eloping with a mar- ried man. When he discovers the ruin that has been brought to his home, Lenox turns on his wife and tells her a great many simple truths. Afterward, there is estrangement that lasts until Ruth, broken and ill, drags herself back to 563 her people, to be taken into the arms of her big brother and to procure for his wife a share of his forgiveness. As has been said already, this theme, revealing the danger of irre- sponsible theorizing, is capital, and one regrets that Marion Fairfax, who proved herself, through “The Build- ers,” to be one of our most promising playwrights, does not stick to it more closely. The real issue is fogged fre- quently in Lenox’s mistaken notion that it is his wife who has encour- aged the married man aforesaid. The piece doesn’t move swiftly; its prog- ress is halting and frequently round- about. There is too much dialogue, though it is very good dialogue, in- deed, so that I found myself agreeing with The Lady Who Goes to the Theatre With Me when she declared that the title should have been plural. Photographic in its representation of every-day, middle-class life, searching in its revelation of wide- spread domestic conditions, accurate in character drawing and wholly modern in theme and treatment, the play doesn’t focus to the point of complete effectiveness. When the big scene comes it is a very human, very honest scene, but sometimes one feels that it is a long time coming. Tully Marshall, who did such ex- cellent work as Joe Brooks in “Paid in Full” and as the degenerate Han- nock in “The City,” again proves himself to be one of the most skillful, one of the best actors in this country. Constantly resisting the temptation to overplay, he makes Lenox so real, so prosaic, so every-day that one wholly forgets his art in its result. The remainder of the company, and especially Pauline Lord and Malcolm Duncan, two sincere young people who are seen respectively as the sis- ter and as her fiance, deserve praise that, for Lillian Albertson, who por- trays the wife, begins only in the last act. Miss Albertson, in her first two564 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM acts, frequently suggests the ama- teur, so awkward are her movements and so untrue her readings. Her dic- tion, too, is regrettably careless, her most conspicuous sacrifice to her art being an occasional syllable that has every right to be pronounced. “The Talker" probably is not big enough to prove a big hit in New York, but, with all its faults, it is a most interesting little play. “A BUTTERFLY ON THE WHEEL’* AT THE hour of going to press the fate of "A Butterfly on the Wheel,” produced under direction of Lewis Waller at the Thirty-ninth Street, still hung in the balance. Op- posed to the success of the play is the fact that its story clings even more closely than usual to the lines of the triangle. On the other hand, the piece is simple, direct and. throughout its first three acts, ex- ceedingly effective melodrama, played exceptionally well. Moreover, it has a realistic divorce court scene, well stocked with the delectable de- tails that make divorce courts so al- luring to thrill-seekers in general, and to women in particular. The authors of this offering, Ed- ward G. Hemmerde, K. C., and Fran- cis Neilson, M. P., have displayed rather remarkable skill at play-mak- ing. Through two acts that never are uninteresting, they build up a struc- ture of small happenings that be- comes an impassable, indestructible wall of evidence at the proper mo- ment. The proper moment, of course, occurs in the divorce court already mentioned, where, as in “The Thief,” an entire act is divided between two people—in this case, the defendant and the counsel for that lady’s hus- band. Peggy Admaston has been indis- creet, even for a butterfly. Starting off with three other persons, on a trip to Switzerland, she arrives, unsus- pecting and uncomplaining, at an hotel in Paris, alone with a gentle- man who is not the least inclined to diffidence. An anonymous letter, sent by a lady who is desirous of winning the butterfly’s husband for herself, arouses Admaston’s suspicion. And these events lead quite naturally to the trial already described, and, not quite so naturally, to the ultimate forgiveness of the foolish wife. “A Butterfly on the Wheel” never gets to be much more than a cleverly constructed play. One sees every step from the rather unconvincing ingen- uousness of the heroine to her spot- lighted misery. Nevertheless, as has been said, the piece carries one along irresistibly, without dull moments and with occasional climbings to lofty dramatic heights. Madge Titheradge, an actress new to America, in appearance a minia- ture Constance Collier, proves herself possessed of considerable talent, some skill, and a good deal of emotional force, all marred by constant affecta- tion. Evelyn Beerbohm, who, so far as I know, also is new to America, es- tablishes himself as one of the best comedians seen here in many seasons, and Sidney Valentine, who, as the at- torney for the prosecution, shares the second act with Miss Titheradge, plays with authority, force and intel- ligence. Eille Norwood, as the hus- band, and Charles Quartermaine, as the would-be lover, are the chief per- sons in the remainder of a wonder- fully efficient company, “A Butterfly on the Wheel” was presented originally in London, and brought to this country for the use of Marie Doro. Charles Frohman withdrew the piece, after a short road tour, and it was then that Mr. Wal- ler, who is playing in “The Garden of Allah,” arranged for its production in New York.NOTES FROM THE DRAMATIC TRIANGLE 565 “THE RETURN FROM JERUSA- LEM” “THE RETURN FROM JERU- SALEM,” written and offered in Paris as a contribution to the litera- ture of the Dreyfus case, probably is a convincing argument for or against something, but three hours spent in the Hudson Theatre failed to leave me quite clear as to the nature of that something. Eighteen characters talk at length, in polished and high- sounding phrases, about world peace, Semitism, and other broad topics, without establishing anything or ar- riving anywhere. In the end, my only conviction was that I had been bored by a discursive drama that had little or no relation to contemporary life in America. Stripped of its debates, “The Re- turn from Jerusalem” is a conven- tional treatment of the “problem” presented by this same old triangle. Michel Aubier loves Henriette De Chouze. They are married, but not to each other. Michel announces his in- tention of remaining faithful to his wife, but that lady, finding a letter he has written to Henriette, declines to believe in his protestations, and leaves him free to join his inamorata. Having done so, Michel finds himself unable to forget Madame Aubier. Moreover, he and Henriette suffer from considerable incompatibility of temper, said incompatibility being in- creased, not unnaturally, by Henri- ette’s fondness for salons in which persons quite unrelated to the play enter into the tedious discussions al- ready described. Finally, Michel goes back home. Madame Simone, whose return to town is accomplished through the medium of this play, displays little of the genius that was so manifest in her performance of “The Whirl- wind.” Her chief tour de force is an exhibition of hysteria in the third act that is almost purely physical, and that recalls nothing else so much as the convulsions of the Sicilian Play- ers, who created a small sensation some years ago at the Broadway Theatre. Despite occasional attacks of temperament, Arnold Daly gives a fine, steady, sincere performance of the role of Michel. Selene Johnson is surprisingly good as the deserted wife. “The Return from Jerusalem” sounds like a meeting of the Sunrise Club. “JUST TO GET MARRIED” CICELY HAMILTON describes “Just to Get Married,” in which Grace George made a short stop at Maxine Elliott’s, as a “caustic com- edy.” It proved to be nothing of the kind. On the contrary, the play is most mild and homeopathic, rather comparable to that patent medicine which you are urged to use “and for- get it.” Emmeline Vicary, like the inven- tive spinster in “Green Stockings,” has been left at the post in the matri- monial race. Lady Catherine Grayle, who has had the responsibility of her upbringing, throws her at the head of Adam Lankester. Lankester pro- poses, Emmeline accepts, and the rest of the evening is devoted to her troubles with her conscience. Shortly after ten o’clock, Emmeline confides in Lankester that she does not love him, and prepares to go alone to London. At ten forty-five she con- cludes that she does love him, and the original arrangements are carried out. Thus, after two hours of conver- sation, we arrive just where we were in the beginning. The whole thing is a sort of dramatic April Fool. Miss George has little or no oppor- tunity for the employment of that archness and drollery that is her chief charm. The whole performance, in-566 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM deed, is best described as unimpor- tant. “THE BIRD OF PARADISE” IT IS most unfortunate that Rich- ard Walton Tully, in his second play, •The Bird of Paradise,” which, after having been revealed at Daly’s, suc- ceeded Miss George at Maxine El- liott’s, could not have profited by the expert revision and production that served him so well in "The Rose of the Rancho.” Mr. Tully has invented an inter- esting and significant story, he has discovered for its environment what is theatrically a new world, he has contrived two or three excellent situ- ations, and yet his work comes to nothing because of an unevenness, a sketchiness, a lack of compression that is almost amateurish. “ The Bird of Paradise,” as it stands, is more an exhibition than a play; an excursion to Coney Island, a dramatized guide book to the Hawaiian Islands. Primarily. “The Bird of Paradise” is an exposition of the self-evident fact that a noble love ennobles, while a base passion degrades and de- bases. Incidentally, it is a document regarding the enervating effect of life in the tropics. “Ten Thousand Dollar” Dean is an outcast, a derelict, a beach-comber, living near the huts of some natives on the Puna Coast. Paul Wilson, a young scientist, full of hope and am- bition, visits the spot with a party in which is his betrothed, Diana Larned. A Hawaiian girl, Luana, ap- peals to Wilson’s senses, and induces him to stay. Miss Larned appeals to Dean’s manhood, and induces him to go. Two years later the men have changed places; Wilson is a drunken wastrel, Dean has won fame through discovering the scientific fact that was sought by Wilson. Luana, who really loves the weakling she has helped drag down, in despair at his indifference, blaming herself for his fate, throws herself into the crater of a volcano. In the role of the Hawaiian, Lau- rette Taylor, who surprised her most ardent admirers last year by the clev- erness of her work in “Seven Sisters,” wins a personal triumph. Theodore Roberts, Guy Bates Post, Lewis Stone, and other notable actors are wasted on parts ill drawn. “The Bird of Paradise” is a dramatic might- have-been. “OVER THE RIVER” F. ZIEGFELD, JR., is as much a Broadway institution as are our elec- tric signs. His productions are as brilliant, as hard, and as empty as the bulbs that make up those signs. Mr. Ziegfeld’s name almost describes a performance, and so it is necessary to say but little of “Over the River,” a musical comedy that George V. Hobart and H. A. DuSouchet fash- ioned from Mr. DuSouchet's “The Man from Mexico,” and that, with Eddie Foy in the cast and music by John L. Golden, is presented by Mr. Ziegfeld and Charles B. Dillingham at the Globe. It would be necessary to say even less, but for the fact that the enter- tainment is not all Ziegfeld. Its first and last acts are vaudeville in a spec- tacular setting, with girls and gaiety uppermost, but its second act is al- most entirely the prison scene from “The Man from Mexico.” The mixing has not been well ac- complished, so that “Over the River ’ really is two distinct performances. Moreover, little of value has been added in the joining. Mr. DuSou chet’s situations still are funny, and Mr. Ziegfeld’s girls, gowns and tout ensemble are surpassingly love- ly, but the new lines lack wit„ theNOTES FROM THE DRAMATIC TRIANGLE 567 whole book lacks continuity, and the music is so reminiscent that, taking an especially glaring example, when Maud Lambert was singing “My Irish Senorita,” the audience was humming A1 Jolson’s Winter Garden song, “Rum Turn Tiddle.” Eddie Foy is Eddie Foy, as usual, and most of the company contribute specialties of an entertaining nature. “Over the River” is a vaudeville show magnificently put on and in- cluding one act of excellent farce. SOME OTHERS REGINALD DE KOVEN’S “The Wedding Trip,” at the Broadway, is old-fashioned comic opera, with a dull and rather complicated book by Fred De Gresac and Harry B. Smith. The score, pretentious but uninspired, is wonderfully well sung. . “Modest Suzanne,” a musical ver- sion of “The Girl in the Taxi,” failed utterly at the Liberty, and Louis Evan Shipman’s dramatization of David Graham Phillips’ novel, “The Grain of Dust,” served James K. Hackett only two weeks at the Crite- rion. During the month, Wilton Lackaye offered two plays, “The Stranger” and “The Right to Hap- piness, both based on the eternal triangle, at the Bijou, neither of the two proving important. “Ben Hur,” revived at the New Amsterdam, acted as a reminder that “the world do move.” New York certainly has moved beyond religious melodrama, even when it includes so thrilling a spectacle as the famous chariot race.I WAS sure it was the other fellow's fault when we jumped into one an- other’s arms while trying to escape the same murderous motor-bus in Pic- cadilly Circus. Still lockcd in a fond embrace, we caromed against a taxi and were finally hauled to safety on the island around the fountain by the un- demonstrative bobby who is kept on that spot by a careful British govern- ment to prevent the massacre of Amer- ican visitors. As we broke holds we looked at each other and I let out a yell that made even the life-saving bobby look around. “Crimmins!” I shouted, and we promptly clinched again, both on the broad grin. Then Crimmins took a swift look around the noisy, roaring circus where half a dozen streams of traffic were converging, mingling and separat- ing, and his first remark was typical. / M 'xJ	: CTrimmins, at Liberty Tfie Story of an Aiteron Invasion "fhaf Failed. X.pnne^n “Where’ll we go?” he asked prompt- ly- On one side of the great open space, the Criterion Restaurant hung its high- class banners on the outer walls but we turned away from them instinc- tively. Opposite, the red coated flun- keys of the Cafe Monico were waiting to usher us to a table softly lightec with shaded candles, but I knew that wasn’t just the thing we were looking for and we continued to sweep the cir- cus with inquiring gaze until our glances fell simultaneously on a per- pendicular green sign decorated with shamrocks and extending from the roof to the ground floor which read: “Mooney’s Irish House.” “I guess that’s about the best in sight,” said Crimmins briefly and there- upon we took our lives in our hands again and crossed the road to Mooney's. 568CRIMMINS, AT LIBERTY 569 When I last saw Crimmins before he as flung into my arms on the tide of london’s traffic, he was doing two shows a day in a Chicago vaudeville theatre, for which he drew a hundred dollars a week, and life was going very well with him. He was a comedian—a monologist, singer, dancer—everything that goes to equip the modern vaude- ville artist to delight a crowded house was his gift. He had served his time as a sawdust clown in a a three-ring show and had valiantly won his way upward to the point wrhere the managers were glad to set “Crimmins” in incandescent ;iights above their portals when he played their houses. But now as he threaded his way under the noses of the horses and around the hooting taxies a few paces ahead of me, I ob- served that he was not the spruce and well-groomed Crimmins of two years before. His clothes had that indefinable look of having been brushed too often and too hard, as though they knew no respite from daily use; his shoes had seen long service on flinty pavements and the hat, which he still wore with the old rakish air over one ear, had all too plainly passed through more than one drenching rain. We went through the private bar in- to the lounge, where half a dozen little tables were set before plush-covered seats around the wall; and\ Crimmins climbed, before he took time to shake hands with me and look me over, behind the farthest of these. “Well, old man, it's a small world, isn't it?” he began. “To think of me bumping into you here, where I’ve got no business to be and where you ought to be ashamed to be caught, if your friends got onto you. What’s keeping you here—did you miss your steamer?” They have only one sort of whisky at Mooney’s—the sort that smells and tastes of the peat-smoke of Irish hearths and is doubtless very fine for anyone that ever gets to like it. I sus- pected that Crimmins had been in Lon- don long enough to have passed through the preliminary stages and had taught himself to stand for it, so I instructed the bar-maid to bring a flagon of the smoky and set it near him. mirdT.Yhy r,n here” 1 coun- tered I m liable to turn up almost anywhere and, besides, I like it here I want to know about you. I judge from your overture that you have a grouch on this charming little city and that you yearn somewhat for the pleasing vistas ot limes Square. If that is the case, what are you doing in London and how did you happen to get kidnaped and shanghaied over here?” “Times Square!” he repeated. “Holy mackerel, brother, don’t talk about it or I’m likely to do a Steve Brodie out through that window and land under one of those crazy motor-busses out there! It seems like ten years since I saw Times Square and it’s only six months! If I ever get back there again, believe me, it will take more than a line of dulcet conversation to pry me loose from the United States! I fell for that once and I’ve got it figured out that once is more than plenty.” “That’s right,” I said encouragingly. “Go on and get it off your chest. Who dragged you away from the forty weeks solid booking you used to ornament and tossed you into this inhospitable mael- strom? Speak up, my lad—you have nothing to fear from me.” “Well, I suppose I might as well be- gin right back where it started," he said, fondling the whisky decanter as though he suspected the bar-maid might come back and claim it before he was quite ready to surrender possession of it, “and that was within shouting distance of that same Times Square. I was work- ing all around New York last winter— never had to go more than a trolley ride from Broadway for three or four months—and then I got in bad with the Big Noise. All of a sudden the booking office made up its imitation of a mind to switch all my dates and ship me out on the kerosene circuit some place west of the Ohio River for five or six months, after me being promised steady time in the sirloin-steak belt along the Hudson. I bucked and jumped around for a while and finally I had to he down and roll to get ’em off me; when the battle was over, I was off the reserva- tion. You understand—ditched in the middle of the season with a long black570	THE GREEN mark under my name all along the line. Why. I couldn't get a job as announcer in a" nickel moving picture show—that’s bow bad the Big Noise has got all the show people buffaloed!" “I have heard something to that effect/’ I admitted, while Crimmins was pouring another one. "I should think it would have been wiser for you to— er—er—” “Oh, you’re one of those hindsight thinkers, too, are you?” said the come- dian gloomily. “Well, I don’t need any advice out of that box. I’ve had mine ever since the blow-off came—and I’m still getting it. But that was only lead- ing up to how I come to be over here. The last month or so that I worked around in Jersey there was a big Englishman named Roberts on the bill with me nearly every week. He had a little company—his wife and two young fellows he had brought over from here —and they put on a sketch that was supposed to be a scream. I wouldn’t be surprised if it did go good on this side. From what I’ve seen of the natives in their music halls I should think it was just about dead enough and slow enough to tickle ’em—it was like one of these cricket games that they spend two or three days playing, with time out for all hands to drink tea every few hours. But Roberts had a contract and he got the coin, all right, while it lasted, and he was just wise enough to salt it away about as fast as it came in. He seemed to take a shine to me for some reason and when I got my bumps from the Amalgamated Association of Big Blacklisters, he bobbed up with a happy little thought. “ ‘I tell you what you ought to do, old chap,’ he says to me one night when I was buying him a chop and a mug of musty ale. ‘Why don’t you have a try at the other side?’ “ ‘What do you mean—Canada?’ I asked him. ‘Not for mine! I did three months there once with Williams & Brandsbys’ Nickel Plate Shows and it took me two weeks to remember how to laugh when I got back to the States.’ “ ‘No, no,’ he says. ‘I mean the halls in England. Look here,’ he says, ‘you ought to do well over there. You’ve got BOOK ALBUM an original sort of style, don’t you see, and you can give ’em something they’re not used to and that's what the English managers are looking for.’ ” Crimmins looked at me sadly over the rim of his glass as lie unleashed this grand old platitude—so sadly that I didn’t have the heart to laugh. “You don’t mean to tell me you fell for that stuff!” I said sternly. “Why, that used to be one of your big laughs —about the managers that were looking for novelties and kept six husky door- tenders in their outer offices to keep out anybody that threatened to bring a novelty into the building!” He grinned reflectively, but the grin faded away into a sigh. “No, it wasn't that altogether,” he admitted, “but I will say that this Brit- isher’s chatter listened pretty good, es- pecially when I took a mental flash at the long list of shpw shops all over the country that had a yellow flag out at the door for me. I had to eat every now and then, you know, and it seemed to me if this fellow Roberts could get by with the stuff he was ladling out, I ought to be able to win out a meal tick- et with my dope. He put it up to me so strong every time I saw him for a week or two, that I finally weakened and be- gan looking up rates to England and trying to figure out some way of beat- ing the steamship companies* game. An- other thing that made me hark to the voice of the tempter was that Roberts was coming back here with his company and he promised to introduce me around and show me the ropes for getting on at the music halls. It looked like a life- saving station to me and I finally made a running jump for it and came over with Roberts and his wife and the two hopeful chaps that had been amblinb around all season thinking they were comedians. “I’ll say this for Roberts—he had no trouble about making good in getting me booked. Of course, I didn’t expect to break into London right off the reel and make all the old favorites jealous, and I grabbed at a chance to get on at a music hall in Manchester. That place was a scream, too, but nobody knew it. The fellows that sat in the pit were letCRIMMINS AT LIBERTY in about half-past six every evening to scrap for the seats and they used to bring their suppers with ’em and eat all over the place—cheese and sausage sandwiches and bottles of beer—and when some gent down in front thought same other gent had grabbed off the seat he wanted, it was the pleasing custom to bounce an empty beer bottle > off the knob of the intruder and have him removed for patching up in a hos- pital. "You remember that bum suit of , clothes I used to wear for my act—an . old Prince Albert coat and a pair of baggy trousers that I picked «fp *n a second-hand store because they looked funny, and a spotted vest—I had the whole lay-out for years. The first night I went on at this Manchester shack the manager came behind and looked me over. “ 'I say, old man/ he says, ‘I don’t like to appear to interfere in your per- sonal matters but, really, don’t you think your clothes are a bit—eh? You understand, don’t you ?’ “ ‘What do you mean ?’ I says, look- ing him right in the eye. “ ‘Why, don’t you think they’re just a bit worn and shabby for a first-class hall like mine?’ he says, ‘Couldn’t you— er—borrow a better coat for a night or two. old chap?’ “What do you know about that for a wise scout to be running a vaudeville show? I jabbed my hook into his ear and led him around behind one of the flats where the scene-shifters couldn’t hear us—I didn’t want to show him up in front of his help. Then I said: ‘Say, this make-up is part of my act, under- stand? I’ve worn this suit on the stage for the last five years and it nearly al- ways gets a hand in the States before I open my head. But if it isn’t the proper thing over here, why I’ll pack it away and dress up like one of these dukes you’ve got on the matrimonial bargain counters.' “He looked at me quite a little while and I suppose what I said was sort of oozing through his block in the mean- time. Then he seemed to brighten up a bit as though it was getting to him. “ ‘Oh, I see!’ he says. ‘You wear 571 those eccentric clothes to make vour turn funnier! Quite an idea, too! But our monologists usually dress very fashionably—boutonnieres and all that sort of thing. “Well, I went on that night—my first crack at the enemy—and the turn didn’t go very good. I got a laugh now and then but I guess it was one left over from the show of the week before, where some guy had just figured out the joke. I took a long think after the show and decided maybe his nobs was right about the make-up—that they didn t fall for my stuff because they thought I was a shabby-genteel trying to out something over on ’em; so the next day I beat it to a big store and got dolled out like one of them pictures in the Sunday newspapers—patent leath- ers, choker collar and everything I could think of that would make me look as though I had just stepped out of a motor car for a minute to entertain ’em. Sure enough, I went a little better that night and after I came off the manager was right on the job with the glad hand stuff. “ ‘Your turn went so much better to- night, didn’t it?’ he says. ‘And I think your new costume is ever so much fun- nier than the other, too!’ ” Crimmins paused and thoughtfully poured himself another drink. When it was gone he drummed idly 011 the table a few moments. “Oh, yes,” he said, finally. “I was go- ing to tell you about Roberts.’’ “No, you were going to tell me how you happened to get ditched in Lon- don,” I corrected. “Well, it’s the same thing,” he went on. “It all comes back to Roberts, whichever way you put it. It didn t take me long to see that I was a horrible frost in the music halls and I guess the managers got next sooner than I did. Things got worse and worse every night of my trial week in Manchester and along toward the end of it the crowd used to come earlier than ever to try and get the front seats so they could have little chats with me while I was trying to make ’em laugh. Most of em advised me to go back to America and that was the wisest tip I got all the tame572	THE GREEN I've been here. When I ducked out of Manchester with my little old five pound note in my inside pocket, 1 think that wise guy of a manager must have sent out a telephone message to all his pals in the association to look out for me. because it was three weeks before I got a sign of a job and that was in a hack street in London where I thought they would call in the police to get me out of the building on my feet. I es- caped after one performance and then Roberts intruded himself on the scene again. I had a room in a little out-of- the-way lodging house where he and his wife and the other two members of his troupe lived and, of course, he knew all about my troubles. So when the blow-off came and I saw it was no go for me in the halls, he suggested that I take the place of one of his helpers, who was going to quit, and go on in the act with the ‘company/ That was an awful bump for me, after working alone all my life and putting it over every place I went, but the meals were getting rather far apart by that time and I joined out with Roberts—five pounds a week and two shows a day. I figured it would take me about two years to save up steamer fare to New York at that rate, but nobody else was shoving any money at me and the nights are too cold here to sleep in the parks. “We went along pretty good after I got the hang of the language and quit talking American—it’s as much of a trick to talk English dialect as it is Dutch or Swede, believe me—but I be- gan to find out a whole lot of things about Brother Roberts that I didn’t know when we hooked up. Living right in the house with him and the wife, I couldn't help it very well and she let things slip every little while that wised me up. She was a slight little doll—one of these regulation thin little English women you see all around you here. I don’t know why they don’t get any more flesh on ’em, but every time I walked in Regent street and saw a mob of them hanging around the shop win- dows, they looked to me like a lot of ‘before taking’ ‘ads’ for some cod liver oil dope. Anyhow, to get right down to it, I got next that Roberts wasn’t just BOOK ALBUM what you might call a model husband- used to get loaded to the guards every so often and come home and jaw his wife half the night—I even believe he used to take a punch at her now and then when he was drunk enough. I never was sure about that or I would have beaten him to a pulp—she was careful to keep quiet about the worst of it. But I hadn’t been in the troupe more than two weeks when she let me in on one of their secrets: they had a kid away at boarding school some place, a daughter about fourteen or fifteen years old. Mrs. Roberts must have been only about that old herself when she got married—she looked it to me, any- way. We got pretty chummy as time went on and she told me all about the girl and how smart she was and how she was getting along in school and all that stuff, but I wasn't ever to peep to Roberts that I kn^ew anything about her, and you can bet I didn't. The more I saw of him the worse my grouch got on him. In the first place he had dragged me over here—well, maybe he thought he was doing me a good turn— let that go. “But he kept on drinking more and more until a couple of months ago he began to show up even worse in the act than he used to be—came on with a little package once in awhile and got called by the manager. I could see the finish and anyhow I was salting away all the coin I could spare getting ready for the big jump back to Broadway. Every little while I'd be able to slip a sovereign into my inside pocket and button it up where nobody could get at it, but they piled up pretty slow. Rob- erts kept his eye on the friendship be- tween the little lady and me and finallv I noticed he was getting sore on me. He would growl at me in the theatre if he had to speak at all and in the hotel he didn’t have a word to say. And he took it out on her, I guess, because I noticed about a month ago that she be- gan sidestepping when she saw me coin- ing. “But I wasn’t worrying much about the finish of the Roberts troupe, except that I was sorry for the wife, of course, because I counted up my little old stackCRIMMINS AT LIBERTY 573 of gold pieces one night and found they had piled up to the mark—fourteen of 'em I had set myself to cop out when I found I could* get to Hoboken for seventy dollars, and I had sixteen shin- ers in my kick and a week’s salary com- ing. Roberts could drink himself to death then for all I cared—it was me for the ocean blue and all that stuff. And then came a shift in the program!” Crimmins looked at me curiously to judge whether I was listening with a sympathetic ear or not. “I suppose you found your way in some place by tapping a certain number of times, “I suggested,” and put the stack on a green oilcloth table, one at a time.” “No, not quite,” he said slowly. “But two weeks ago the big smash came. Roberts had been hitting it up pretty hard for quite a while and finally the manager of the show shop we were playing closed the act—told Roberts it was all off and he needn't try to come back. They have a pretty close combina- tion on this side of the water, too, and that meant bad business for Roberts & Co. I ducked from under, the first rattle out of the box—it wasn’t necessary for me to resign because he told me I was a hoodoo and had queered the act. I broke three finger-nails getting packed tip to go home and Roberts went out to finish up loading in the cargo he was carrying. The next morning Mrs. Rob- erts tapped at my door. She looked all m—as though she hadn’t slept all night but had put in the time crying. I ex- pected something like that—she could Srfia^harj i5°w ahead with the act ditched and her husband on a spree— she told me the worst was yet to come.	J use *ry'ng to tell it the way bhe told me. You understand how a woman is when she’s all broken up. But 1 managed to make out that Roberts was going to take the daughter out of school and fix up a new act and put the kid in it. What do you know about that? He had it all framed up and was going down to this country-place, wherever the school is, the next day, to get her out and bring her here to London. Well, Mrs. Roberts couldn’t see that for a minute—she pulled that old stuff about rather seeing her dead in her coffin than on the stage, and all that, and the big thing was that she was going to jump the whole business, go down and get the girl herself and go to America with her and leave Roberts to drink his head off. The only hitch was that she was shy about sixty dollars of what she needed to make the big get-away and I was the only one she could turn to in London— and all that.” Again Crimmins paused, drumming on the table while he gazed into the bar- room with a far-away look. “Funny how things turn out, isn't it?” he went on after a few moments. “Now, if I hadn’t salted away that coin, the little woman never could have put it over in time to keep her kid off the stage! It don’t make any difference about me—I’ll make it somehow before long. Say, aint you drinking anything at all?” '■V^vntei* A Successful Play—Nazimova T By ARCHIE BELL JUST a little more than six years ago, the light of the flaming talent of Alla Nazimoff first streaked our the- atrical sky. She came to this country in the autumn of 1905, with a company of her own people, Russians all, and she spoke in a tongue strange to Ameri- can play-goers; but her personality was so striking and propulsive, her exotic beauty so rich, and her command of the expedients of her art apparently so complete, that she aroused the keen- est interest among practiced play-goers, who accepted her as the most interest- ing, as she was the most unique, new- comer in the theatre of this land. One year after she arrived in this country, with less than a dozen Eng- lish words at her command, Alla Naz- imoff, then become Alla Nazimova, made her debut as an English-speaking actress in Henrik Ibsen’s “Hedda Gab- ler.” This was in November, 1906. Since then, she has been almost con- tinually active in the American theatre. She has displayed astonishing energy, but so much of this energy has been misdirected that she stands to-day in a position much less important than she is entitled to by every claim of native genius. Her activities during the four and a half seasons she has acted in Eng- lish have won her something resembling fame, to be sure; but though her name be recognized from land's end to land's end, the celebrity of it rests only partly upon a foundation of high artistic achievement. The Play is the Thing THE thing Mme. Nazimova has most needed to translate her celebrity into glowing fame is a play. It is under- stood she largely has controlled the ar- rangement of her repertoire. She has acted in a large number of new plavs; none of them has contained more than 574WANTED, A SUCCESSFUL PLAY—NAZIMOVA a streak of interest. One does not care 4o engage here in a discussion of the American theatre-goer's interest in the plavs of Ibsen. They have wonderful values, but Mine. Nazimova has found, what every observing professional play- goer long ago detected—that the in- terest in Ibsen is a declining interest, and that before another generation of play-goers comes on, the statement, so often proved untrue, that Shakespeare spells ruin, may be made exactly to fit the case by substituting the name of Ibsen for that of The Bard. Mme. Nazimova’s fancy £br drama runs to the bizarre. Back of that fancy there is, of course, a sort of judgment. Her selection of plays has indicated that she realizes as fully as anyone that her strikingly foreign appearance and the numerous imperfections of her speech prohibit her choice of normal, native American drama in which she would be called upon to attempt the im- personation of a normal American type. So her fancy has alighted upon unreal plays exhibiting peculiar abnormalities of female character, and while she has treated many of these characters with a great deal of artistic consideration, few people have cared to see them, for if the commanding character in a play be unreal, the play itself will be no more real. And after all, as bad as is our judgment of things in the theatre, yet the public has a protecting intuition that warns it away from the drama that does not draw its life-force from life itself. It is to the great credit of Mme. Nazimova that she is able to realize her own limitations. It is not to her dis- credit that she is unable to analyze accurately the American dramatic taste. She is only a little while out of a coun- try that is vastly different from this; she is only a little while away from a people who are very unlike the people for whom she acts. It is only natural, therefore, that she is unable to deter- mine whether a play having in it a character suiting her, is otherwise es- sentially conditioned to interest her audience. One principal need of this actress would appear to be stage advice; another is wise management. The two must go together. She knows probably better than anyone else what she can act; but that knowledge should be for- tified with experience in choosing drama for American audiences. Lack- ing that experience, Nazimova should lean upon one who has had it.576 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM It is not at all likely, for instance, that any American actress who might take up her residence in Russia would be able to determine what she should act before a Russian audience. Habits of mind, standards of conduct, social, political, economic, religious and artis- tic interests, differ in different couni tries. It may be said with fair certainty that, despite her ill selection of plays, her misjudgment of the temper of American audiences, and her erroneous evaluation of some of our artistic stand- ards, Mme. Nazimova’s career in this country has equaled in brilliancy that of any of our actresses who might at- tempt to do in Moscow or Odessa what she has undertaken to do here. And there is every reason for believing that when she and the right play meet we shall see acting we shall not soon forget. Then too, we shall have no further cause to refer to the imperfections of speech that cover a multitude of imper- fections of art, for the imperfections detected heretofore in her acting have been due in no small degree to the little Russian dynamo's desire to appear to be acting even where her playwrights have given her nothing to act. Imperfections she shows often enough; restraint she too often casts to I the winds; over-elaboration is one of her artistic sins—but how often has she proven she knows how to avoid all these faults! How eloquent are her oc- casional silences, all know who have seen her. No one who lacks control over temperament, who is without an in- tuitive understanding of character, or does not command the technique of the art of acting, ever could play the closing acts of “A Doll’s House” and “Little Eyolf” as they are played by this Rus- sian tragedienne. Mme. Nazimova has been known to act brilliantly, mostly oy*i flashes, in plays of no importance. Al- though she is remarkably energetic and industrious, she often hinders her suc- cess through carelessness. This care- lessness would appear to be a matter of recent growth, for it is detected nx>st often in the plays with which she h&s become associated since her acquire- ment of what passes wrell enough for English speech. This leads one to be- lieve that though she is a little less in- dustrious than she was in the early years of her career, she must be a little less jealous of her artistic reputation.WANTED, A SUCCESSFUL PLAY —NAZIMOVA Nazimova in Russia THIS actress has spent most of her life in the theatre. She was born in Yalta, Crimea, May 22, 1879. Her father was a chemist and botanist, and had a deep and earnest interest in the education of his daughter. She was taken to Geneva for her early training, and there she became a proficient player of the violin. She returned to Yalta when she was twelve years old and there made her first public appearance, playing a violin solo at aXhristmas en- tertainment. At that time she could not speak her father’s language, Russian, but had a fluent command of German and French. She studied her native tongue for a year and then entered the Conservatoire at Odessa to complete her study of the violin. She took the dramatic course instead, acquired some experience as a “super” under the great Stanisloft'sky at the Artistic Theatre in Odessa, and at the end of three years won the gold medal at the Conser- vatoire. A year later she began her career in earnest by becoming the man- aging actress of a company playing in the north of Russia, at Kostroma. There she acted a long list of parts in a repertoire that included everything from tragedy to musical comedy. She returned to the south of Russia in 1901 to act with a resident company at Ker- son. She spent the next season at Vilna, and then went to St. Petersburg, where she acted many important roles, includ- ing Camille, Paula Tanqueray, Hedda Gabler, Trilby, Magda, Zaza, and many more, in a wide variety of Russian plays. Mine. Nazimova, or Nazimoff, as she was then called, was not the com- manding genius of the company of Russian players with whom she first acted in this country; she came merely as the leading associate of Paul N. Or- leneff, an actor who had enjoyed high reputation in a country where the art of acting is held in high esteem. She considered herself OrlenefiPs pupil, and it was an honor to her that she did. Up- on all who were capable of responding to the thrilling appeal of that man’s acting, he exercised an unforgettable spell. He commanded his company like a general: he flooded his plays with a wonderful personality. She who acted vis-a-vis with him in the important scenes of interesting plays seemed not only to reflect the power of the master of the company, but to reveal a splendid power of lier own. She was strangely and wonderfully attractive. The less knowing section of the small audience which greeted the Russians gave most of its interest to the leading woman. She was snuggling, squirrel-like, some- times elfin, and often a pathetic figure; and these things, conditioning her act- ing, attracted a special interest, for they gave a bizarre touch to many things she did, and. coupled with her skill, they set her apart from her associates. Invading America THE Russian visitors had rather a bitter time of it in that season of578 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM 06. They came here unknown to all save a few who had heard of their experiences in Berlin and London, where they had gone from St Peters- burg in 1904 to act Eugene Tchinkoff s three-act play of Jewish life in Russia, “The Chosen People.” The play had been prohibited by the Imperial govern- ment because of its racial aspect, and Orleneff felt that that prohibition would serve to awaken the interest of Russian Jews throughout the world. He proposed making the play the chief feature of the repertoire arranged for his American tour. On this tour Mme. Nazimova acted as Leah, the daughter of the watchmaker, in “The Chosen People.” as Regina in Ibsen’s “Ghosts,” Lena Lyadinser, the actress, in Her- mann Bahr’s comedy, “The Starthe TsariUa in Alexis Tolstoy’s “Tzar Feodor;” Zasa in Paul Berton’s play of that name; Hilda Wangel in Ibsen’s “The Master Builder;” the landlord’s daughter in Anton Tchekhoff’s “The Sea Gull,” and the daughter of the chief of police in Gogol's “The Re* visor,” or “The Inspector*” as it gen- erally is called in this country. The acting of Mme. Nazimova in all these parts won her the greatest favor. She had great talent, but it was evident also, that she had had great instruction. Indeed, she was OrlenefFs pupil! That actor is now reported to have returned to this country. He does not speak the English language, but he does speak iu the universal language of his art, and it would appear that the time is at hand when Mme. Nazimova would do well to become again the pupil of her former master—perhaps not to act with him, but to act as he would have her act. The Smoke and the Flame IN THE beginning of this article, Mme. Nazimova’s talent was designated as flaming. If it has fire in it, also it has smoke, for while unwatched it has taken on luridness. She is not to be blamed for all the manifestations of luridness in her acting, for her Amer- ican plays perhaps, without exception, have been lurid almost beyond belief. Her acting in the “The Master Build- er” always has remained fine and true; in it she still is under the Orleneff in- fluence. But her Hedda Gabler and her newer interpretation of Nora Helmer in the first act of “A Doll’s House” do not represent the actress at anything like her best. The writer of these para- graphs never saw Mme. Nazimova’s performance of “The Passion Flower,” a play written for her by her leading man, Brandon Tynan; but he knows how great a burden the actress carried in assuming Owen Johnson's “The Comet,” or Arthur Schnitzlers pallidly wicked comedy. “The Fairy Tale,” or Algernon Boyesen's wordy composition, “The Other Mary/’ or Roberto Brac- co’s thin little comedy, called in Italian “Infidele/’ and in English “Comtesse Coquette.” In her most recent endeavor to find a vehicle worthy of her, the actress has taken up a translation of Pierre Wolff’s French comedy, “Les Marionettes.” Her acting in this play has received un- stinted praise from the critics—many of whom, however, found little to ad- mire in the play. The latest word res- pecting her is that she considers a re- vival of Arthur Wing Pinero’s “The Second Mrs. Tanqueray,” a play she knew in its Russian translation. If she acts it we shall see a new Paula indeed, but whether this or any other be her next play, she should be reminded that excesses are destructive to illusion, that draping one self over the parlor fur- niture is not the assumption of natural attitude, and that even imperfect speech may be made to seem nearly perfect if the speaker guard against fleet utter- ance. Mme. Nazimova knows these things full well, of course; she need" only to act as she knows how.e NURSE by Helen Tragr AS AN actress ages, the inexorable fact becomes more poignant and more poignant, that no matter how vital her art remains, how tire- less her ambition, her hour of leader- ship is galloping to its end. By some inexplicable, unfair argument, the public continues to accept a man in youthful characters until his teeth are gone and his face is wrinkled into folds as marked as the dusty draper- ies that hung for years, traditionally and sacredly untouched, about the proscenium arch of Wallacks The- atre. Joseph Jefferson continued to play the youthful Rip and Acres until his lamented death, in his sev- enty-eighth year: Lawrence Barrett was fifty-three when, just before he passed away, he selected from his repertoire, for what proved to be his last engagement in New York, such 579580 THE GREEN BOOR ALBUM actually boyish characters as Romeo, 3assanio and Adrian de Mauprat. and. just the other day, Charles Wyndham, born in 1837, showed himself once more in his delightful impersonation of the reckless, ardent David Garrick. But if the player is a woman! Henry Irving, expiring in the sixty- eighth year of his distinguished life, had not felt a need to modify his repertoire; yet before Ellen Terry was quite sixty, she laid all her love- ly heroines of Shakespeare to eternal rest. Only echoes of them, when she reads snatches from a platform, waft their music back across the realistic and severe atmosphere of the con- temporary stage. Mary Anderson re- tired in her girlhood; Julia Arthur was under thirty when she brought her dignified adventures with the classics to a close; and Ada Rehan was at the maturity of her art, yet still by no means matronly, when she left the stage forever. The careers of these three actresses still glow in the memory because the flames were vol- untarily snuffed out at their bright- est. But Helena Modjeska continued in the work she loved so long as to be treated latterly as an antique. Clara Morris and Kate Claxton hung on tenaciously enough to suffer the humiliation of finding themselves welcome only in the minor theatres; and Fanny Janauschek, after even swallowing her tremendous pride and “dipping into vaudeville,” spent her final years in poverty and obliv- ion. An actress’ career might be sym- bolized as a sad descent from Juliet to the Nurse. It has been said fre- quently—and. never, I should think, denied—that no actress can play Juliet until she is too old to look the part. How possibly could a girl young enough to appear even a little over fourteen have had experience enough to handle such a great role? When a new Hamlet is revealed, the best praise to be hoped for, and prop- erly the best, is that his performance will be very fine, or even may de- velop into greatness. Take a concrete case. E. H. Sothern is generally re- garded as the foremost Hamlet of America, at this time. He undertook the character in the autumn of 1900; and with each year his performance has improved steadily toward a more complete expression of his original conception. Perhaps only actors ex- perienced in Shakespeare can fully comprehend the number of repeti- tions of one of his bigger characters that are needed completely to round out and express them at their fullest. Very well, then: Mr. Sothern had passed forty when he first played Hamlet and it is reasonable to sup- pose his reading of the role would not have been as admirable had he not already passed through twenty years of thoughtful study, practice and en- deavor. But what if the adventurer had been a woman, cautiously devot- ing two decades to gathering suffi- cient training and experience for the consequential undertaking? I have lived long enough to see many actresses make the dark de- scent from Juliet to the Nurse. Sometimes the way is made less pre- cipitate by a pause at the semi-youth- ful Lady Capulet. Ellen Terry, Marie Wainwright, Mrs. Patrick Campbell, Minna Gale, Effie Ellsler, Mrs. James Brown Potter, Marie Burroughs, Viola Allen, Victory Bateman, Kath- ryn Kidder. Jessie Millward, ana Maud Milton are memorable Juliets of fifteen years ago—or less than twenty-five, in any case—who could not hope, should they reappear in the tragedy of love, to be cast for a younger role than the girlish Juliet ^ mother—a step beneath the shadows taken actually, and gracefully, by Eleanor Carey, who, like Miss Gale, Miss Milton, Miss Wainwright, andFROM JULIET TO NURSE myself, enjoyed performances of the leading Shakespeare heroines with Edwin Booth. I say “enjoyed,” but in my case, anyway, the expression must be qualified. One of the first characters I played with Booth was Ophelia. I was a very young girl and. naturally, was nervous over so dar- ing and, to me, important an under- taking. Imagine my agitation when, having “screwed my courage to the sticking place” for the mad scene, I became conscious of Booth’s keen, black;, piercing eyes riveted on me from the wings. Nor did he move from there throughout the scene. In- deed, he continued to scrutinize my work closely and enigmatically, in one role and another, until I finally had to ask him not to. The first time I ever essayed Ophe- lia was to the Hamlet of Edwin Booth’s lifelong friend and subse- quent manager and co-star, Lawrence Barrett. I recall my determination to dress the girl, after her father’s death, in black. Why not? Polonius was not yet cold in his grave? Laertes was subsequently to don “the inky cloak” for his sister? I thought my black gown most effective; but when I ap- peared in it Mr. Barrett objected and, indeed, ordered me immediately to discard it for a white dress. Only the other day I was speaking of this in- cident to a friend, who thereupon in- troduced me to a passage I had never read in Ellen Terry’s delightful “Story of my Life.” It was during the rehearsals of the London Lyceum production of “Hamlet;” and, speak- ing of her costumes for Ophelia, Irving was surprised to learn they were all ready—and without consult- ing him, or his stage-manager, or his art-director. “Finished! That’s very interest- ing!” said Sir Henry. “Very interest- ing. And what—er—what colors are they?” Miss Terry told him that in the first 581 0CrrSh\rUld Wear Pink- With Ophelia, at that time, everything was rose-color. “Her father and her broth- er love her. The Prince loves her— and so she wears pink. For the nun- nery scene I have a pale, gold, amber dress-—the most beautiful color. The material is a church brocade. It will tone down the color of my hair. In the last scene I wear a transparent, black dress.” With characteristic verve Miss Terry suggests the sardonic silence with which Irving tactfully greeted the information. Indeed, she had no suspicion of his feelings until his stage-manager said to her, the next day: “You didn’t really mean that you are going to wear black in the mad scene?” “Yes, I did,” she gave back blandly. “Why not?” “Why not!” gasped Mr. Lacy. “My God! Madam, there must be only one black figure in this play—and that’s Hamlet!” In so far as I appear, unconscious- ly, to have wandered from Verona to the Court of Denmark, I may pause without impertinence to note that the inevitable retrogression from Ophelia to Queen Gertrude really corresponds to that from Juliet to Lady Capulet, (except that Gertrude is a much bet- ter “acting part” than the wife of Capulet) rather than the more marked retreat from Juliet to the Nurse. Among actresses (still prom- inently employed) who have played both Gertrude and Ophelia, I recall Phoebe Davis, (of “’Way Dovvn East” fame), Minna Gale, Maud Mil- ton, Carrie Baillie, Maud Hoffman, Alma Kruger, Marion Turner and Lady Tree. In the last-named in- stance, it is mentionable that Herbeit Beerbohm Tree’s wife continued to act Ophelia to his Hamlet until their daughter, Viola Tree—now studying for Grand Opera—grew old enough to embody the mad daughter of Po-582 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM lonius—when Lady Tree became (professionally) her husband s moth- er. As for Miss Gale’s appearance in both parts—and in each instance with Edwin Booth as Hamlet—it really was a matter of advancement. She joined his company for “seconds,” be- ing cast for Gertrude before Ophelia, Emilia before Desdemona, and so on. Others who have played both parts prominently in "‘Othello” are Lillah McCarthy (Mrs. H. Granville Bar- ker), Agnes Eliot Scott, Ida Vernon and Eleanor Carey—the latter two, like Minna Gale, with Booth. The other day Fred Terry, who was prevented, at the last moment, from being the Mercutio to the Juliet of his debutante daughter, said gaily: “I’ve played every character in ‘Romeo and Juliet’ but the Nurse— and I suppose I’ll come to that soon!” Well, Ada Rehan, for example, has played all the femaleroles in “Twelfth Night.” Of course, this is not surpris- ing when one pauses to consider there are only three! Nor are there more in many of the comedies of Shakespeare. So it is not strange to recollect that Constance Collier, Marguerite Cellier and Agnes Eliot Scott appeared as both the Olivia and Maria, in “Twelfth Night;” and that Julia Mar- lowe and Percy Haswell, undertook the latter part before progressing to Viola. In “The Merchant of Venice” we observe such Portias as Ellen Terry and Maud Milton attaining that enviable role after an appren- ticeship as Nerissa, while Effie EUs- ler, Tita Brand and Alma Murray moved up to it from Jessica- Cecilia Loftus and Winifred Emery may be mentioned as widely noted actresses who have acted both lesser characters (with Henry Irving) yet never reached the Portia goal. In “Much Ado About Nothing,” Ellen Terry, Winifred Emery and Jessie Millward played Hero before Beatrice; just as such prominent Benedicks of to-day as Otis Skinner, Robert Loraine, George Alexander, William Haviland and Frank Cooper, began as Claudios; Ada Rehan, and Kate Terry, both destined to go down in histrionic his- tory as famous Beatrices, first acted in the comedy in the minor role of Ursula. Of leading Rosalinds of to- day, Blanche Bates, Henrietta Cros- man, Mary Shaw, Lillian Braithwaite, Ada Rehan, Agnes Eliot Scott and Fay Davis have been Celias. Ad- vancements of that sort remind me to mention that Ada Rehan, most fa- mous actress of the title role in “The Taming of the Shrew,” and Blanche Bates, both acted the gentle and af- frighted Bianca first, just as John Drew climbed up to the character of Petruchio, the tamer, from Hortensio, and Otis Skinner and Matheson Lang from Lucentio. The first time I played Juliet was in the daytime at St. Louis, in the days of stationary stock companies. There was none of the maddening rush from town to town of the pres- ent feverish age—though you may believe there was little idleness among actors who were required to play four and five roles in a single week. My first six nights on any stage, for instance, I appeared in Des- demona, Lady Anne and Nerissa in “Othello,” “Richard III,” and “The Merchant of Venice;” and as Julie de Mortimer in “Richelieu,” Virginia in “Virginius” and Anne Musgrove in “Two Loves and a Life!” But lest some of us might rust through such inactivity, members of the St. Louis company who were out of the bill of such and such an evening, used to journey to a neighboring town for an occasional performance. I remember playing Juliet, on a visit -i that sort, mounted on a balcony made of shaky soap-boxes, and apostrophizing an “inconstant moon” that actually was a headlight from a locomotive!FROM JULIET TO NURSE 583 Almost every Juliet of the first rank, the last decade or two, has had one of two actresses for the Nurse, both famous as the lovely heroine in their youth. I refer to Mrs. W. G. Jones, who died in 1907, and to Mrs. Sol Smith, who, until its temporary abandonment, was the oldest member of The New Theatre Company, ap- pearing congenially, at the opening of its last season, as Dame Quick- ly, in “The Merry Wives of Wind- sor.” Mrs. Jones was a very helpful Nurse to those venturesome young moderns, Eleanor Robson and Maud Adams, and was, I understand, the favorite Juliet of the day at the old Bowery Theatre, half a century ago. Julia Marlowe was never so happy in “Romeo and Juliet” as when the ven- erable Mrs. Smith was with her. Dur- ing the many years of that associa- tion, Eugenia Woodward was usually the Lady Capulet, not exchanging that role for the Nurse until Mrs. Smith withdrew. In passing, it might be mentioned that Alice Harrington, who then became the Lady Capulet, was Mr. Sothern’s Juliet, on more than one occasion—owing, however, only to the fact that Miss Marlowe was unwell. The late Mrs. Thomas Barry is an- other instance of a famous Juliet of long ago who ended as the Nurse. She impersonated the garrulous old woman for the last time when Doro- thy Donnelly, William Bramwell and Thomas L. Coleman were the Juliet, Romeo and Mercutio, but more no- tably when these characters were as- sumed by Mrs. James Brown Potter, Kyrle Bellew and her own second husband, William Redmund. Mrs. Barry was a sister of the famous Mrs. Charles Calvert, who may be said to hold the same position on the London stage that Mrs. G H. Gilbert occupied on ours. Mrs. John Billington, now eighty-five years old, has assumed the young role and the old, and in America as well as England: Juliet to the Romeo of Charlotte Cushman and the Nurse with Mary Anderson! Old records tell us that Kate Bateman, famous for her “Leah, the Forsaken” and an American by birth—though her long career has been almost whol- ly on the London stage—acted Juliet at Niblo’s Garden,, in New York, in 1866. During the engagement she fell ill and Ida Vernon got her first chance at the character, which she later played with Edwin Booth. Miss Bate- man's latest appearance as the Nurse, by the way, was coincident with the debut of her granddaughter, Leah Bateman-Hunter, in the chief role. When such old ladies as Mrs. Bil- lington and Mrs. Calvert were the toast of New York as the daughter of the Capulets, a rage was rampant for female Romeos. Probably Charlotte Cushman’s penchant for masculine impersonation was considerably re- sponsible. Madam Ponisi (the famous dowager of Wallack’s company), Jean Davenport Lander and Mrs. D. P. Bowers were Juliets in such per- formances; and at least the first and last lingered on the stage long enough to become the talkative old serving woman of the girlish hero- ine. The famous Mrs. Bowers, who was Cushman’s Juliet fifty years ago. assumed the same part subsequently with Mrs. F. B. Conway—with whom, at other times, Mrs. Lander was the Juliet. But, hurrying rapidly up to date, perhaps the oddest “Romeo and Juliet” record is that of Tita Brand, daughter of Mane Brema, of Wagnerian opera fame; Miss Brand played Lady Capulet, Juliet and the Nurse, and all before her twenty-second birthday! O^-Jtvey.THE man and woman of tempera- ment are always the people who like good things to eat; and almost all actors, with visions of one night stands and bad hotels before their eyes, take special pride during their vacations in concocting some delectable dish with which to regale their friends. The people of the stage—from the highest to the lowest—are but children, and they are particularly interested in the thing they are doing at the moment —whether it be driving a motor or feeding the chickens, rehearsing for a new play or cooking a favorite dish; in fact, I think that for most of them the preparation of food has the same fas- cination as making mud pies has for ch’Mren. May Irwin’s Oysters Catalan OF COURSE, everyone knows of the proficiency of May Irwin as a cook. Miss Irwin has published a cook book 584 which is very popular, and so well known is her reputation in this direc- tion that when she decided to turn her home, situated on an island of the St. Lawrence, into a hotel, its success was immediately assured. Perhaps the most treasured of her recipes, is that for “Oysters Catalan." “Put in a double sauce pan a heaping tablespoon of butter and two teaspoon- fuls of grated Edam cheese,” this re- cipe reads. “When melted and smooth add four tablespoonfuls of tomato cat- sup. a dash of Worcester sauce, two tablespoons of cream and the meat of a good sized crab cut very fine. When creamy and boiling hot, drop in two dozen Blue Point oysters; the moment they crinkle, serve on hot buttered toast placed on very hot places.” Guy Bates Post’s Eggs Meyerbere GUY RATES POST, who is now starring when on the road, can be de-FAVORITE DISHES OF WELL-KNOWN STAGE FOLK 585 pcnded upon, in nine cases out of ten, to order eggs Meyerbere for his break- fast, and he usually tells the chef how to prepare them. He says: “Break two eggs into an individual baking dish; put over the top a tea- spoonful each of chopped truffles, mushrooms and tomatoes that have been ‘sauted’ in a little butter. Cover with dressing made of cream and butter, thickened with a little flour. Sprinkle with Parmesan cheese and paprika. Put in a hot oven and bake until the eggs are set.” Will Deming’s Home-Made Bread WILL DEMING, who is playing the title role in “The Fortune Hunter” this season, prides himself upon his proficiency as a cook, and when he is with a company for any length of time in a city, he always hires a furnished apartment and regales his friends with delicious meals. His home-made bread is the talk of the profession. “Two tablespoons of butter, one tablespoon of salt, two tablespoonfuls of sugar, one quart of milk scalded and cooled, one-half cake of compressed yeast.” These are the materials with which one starts. “Then, put butter, salt and sugar in a bread pan, pour over the luke-warm milk and stir until the ingredients are dissolved; add yeast which has been dissolved in one-half cup of warm water. Stir in flour until stiff enough to knead, and knead thor- oughly for ten minutes. Let stand in warm place until the dough has risen to double its bulk, then knead twenty min- utes. Make into loaves, let stand until they double their bulk; bake in a mod- erate oven from forty to fifty minutes.” Otis Skinner’s Strawberry Shortcake OTIS SKINNER, whose father was a minister, will tell you that he has eaten strawberry shortcake made from wild strawberries which grew in the back lot beyond the church. At their home in Bryn Mawr, the old-fashioned shortcake is served as long as the straw- berries last, and Cornelia, the only child of Mr. and Mrs. Skinner, seems to be quite as fond of it as her father. The simpler the form of the cake, the more delicious will be the result, al- though many prefer a sponge or cup cake with the berries. A fine biscuit dough is made as follows: For five or six small biscuits, use two tablespoon- fuls of butter, and one heaping table- spoon ful of flour mixed with a tea- spoonful of baking powder. Mix slight- ly, adding one cup of milk and a half teaspoonful of salt. Stir in flour enough to make a dough too soft to roll, patting with the hands into six little biscuits. The secret of having this dough right is to make it quickly, with as little kneading as possible and to bake it through without letting it brown at all. Bake from five to eight minutes in a very hot oven. Serve immediately, breaking open (never cutting) each bis- cuit. After generously buttering, pour mashed, sweetened berries upon each half, decorating with whipped cream and a whole berry in the center. All who have eaten this style of strawberry shortcake proclaim it the most delec- table they have ever tried. May Robson’s Stuffed Peppers THE successful star of “The Rejuve- nation of Aunt Mary,” May Robson— who is now playing in “The Three Lights”—is the best story teller among the women of the stage. In private life she is Mrs. Charles Augustus Browne, wife of the Police Surgeon of New York City. At their home on Sunday evening, there is always a merry com- pany when the actress is “off the road,” and when May serves her celebratedTHE GREEN BOOK ALBUM stuffed peppers, her friends scarcely can tell which is the more individually piquant—the delectable dish or the clever stories of their hostess. "Wipe carefully and break into small pieces fresh field mushrooms/' the re- cipe begins. “Then fry slightly in a table- spoon of butter—there should be a cup- ful when cooked. Add half a cupful of cream, two tablespoons of soft bread- crumbs, a half cupful of chopped clams, one beaten egg-yolk, and half a tea- spoon of salt. Remove seeds and veins from half a dozen bell peppers, parboil in a little salted water and fill with this dressing. Bake in an earthen serving dish for twenty minutes, and baste occasionally with butter and water.” Florence Rockwell’s Scrambled Eggs INVARIABLY, Florence Rockwell, when on the road, orders a dish of scrambled eggs with toast for her breakfast. Why she does this no one can find out, because, with the exception of the Waldorf Astoria, she never finds them to suit her. The recipe by which she cooks them when she is at home was given to her by Oscar of the Wal- dorf. “The yolks of six eggs and the whites of three, one tablespoon of butter, a cup of cream and half a teaspoonful of salt; put the mixture into buttered pan and stir quickly until it is a soft, creamy mass. Serve with strips of dry toast and slices of raw tomatoes. Rose Coghlan’s Broiled Tomatoes ROSE COGHLAN has reached the time of life when she has to worry about getting fat. It has been some years since Rose played Rosalind and showed a form of fairest nature’s mould. She is now in vaudeville and still retains her hold upon comedy. Miss Coghlan seems to think that broiled to- matoes are not conducive to flesh; con- sequently, they are a part of her daily bill of fare when they are in the market. Cut a large tomato, without peeling, into slices a half an inch thick. Put them into a shallow pan and dust with grated Parmesan cheese, bits of butter, pap- rika and salt. Place under the gas until the cheese is melted and browned ; serve very hot on toast. Annie Russell’s Bread Souffle UP IN the Maine woods, Annie Rus- sell has her summer home—Miss Rus- sell and her husband, Oswald Yorke. Those of Miss Russell’s friends who have been privileged to visit her in her mountain retreat often have eaten, on a summer morning, her bread souffle. These are the directions she gives for making it: “Soak two cupfuls of stale '•bread crumbs in hot milk. Add one cupful of grated cheese and beat thoroughly with an egg beater. Beat three eggs until light and add half a teaspoonful of salt and a quarter teaspoon of paprika. Put a tablespoon of butter in a pan and cook half of the mixture at a time, as this makes two omelets. Cook more slowly than for plain omelet. When it is set, it will be as light as souffle. Fold over the edges and serve immediately. Jane Peyton’s Moulded Salmon JANE PEYTON is as inconsistent in her eating as she is in everything else. She eats little meat and lives most- ly on fruit and vegetables. Occasion- ally. however, she serves upon her tafcfe —for Jane Peyton in private life is Mrs. Guy Bates Post—a delicious concoction of moulded salmon, which is made as follows: ‘‘Rub fine with a wooden spoon, oneFAVORITE DISHES OF WELL-KNOWN STAGE FOLK 587 and one-half cups of cold boiled sal- mon ; beat into this one cup of soft bread crumbs cooked to a smooth paste with one cupful of milk. Add half a cup of cream, half a teaspoon of salt, a quarter teaspoon of paprika and three eggs beaten very light. Pour the mixture in buttered moulds; set in a pan of hot water and bake until firm. For the sauce, cream half a cup of butter, add- ing the yolks of two eggs—one at a time—beating thoroughly ; season with salt, paprika, a tablespoon of lemon juice and a tablespoon of chopped pars- ley. “Add one-third of a cup of boiling water and cook in a double boiler until thick. Turn the moulded salmon on hot plates, pour the sauce around it and serve immediately.’’ Mary Mannering’s English Pudding ONE of the most domestic of ac- ; tresses, Mary Mannering, delights in having her friends about her table. At these times she is very apt to serve them a delicious meat pudding with a flavor all its own. “Cut two pounds of beef into squares,” her recipe reads. “Then put it, without water or salt, into the inner pan of a double boiler and cover closely. Bring the water slowly to a boil but do not open for three hours; leave it to get cold, covered. Remove the meat and cook two quail in the beef liquor until tender. “Next put a layer of the beef in a deep dish; next, one of the oysters, then one of the quail and kidney, and over this bits of marrow. Proceed in this manner until materials are used up. Thicken with browned flour; enough beef stock to cover; season with pep- per, salt, and a little kitchen bouquet. Cover with puff paste an inch thick. Bake an hour and serve hot.'* E. H. Sothem’s Yorkshire Pudding WHILE E. H. Sothern is particu- larly simple in his gastronomic tastes, he occasionally asks for an English dish which for centuries has been known to the cuisine of the country gentleman. It is made after this fashion: Set a piece of beef to roast in a drip- ping pan upon a grating. Three quarters of an hour before it is done, mix the pudding and pour into the pan. Con- tinue to roast the beef, the dripping meanwhile falling upon the pudding. When both are done, cut the pudding into squares and lay around the meat when dished. Recipe for pudding: One pint of milk, four eggs (whites and yolks beaten separately), two cups of flour dried and sifted, one teaspoon of salt. In mixing, be careful not to get the batter too stiff; it should be a yel- low brown when mixing. Lillian Russell’s Macaroni AS A rule, Lillian Russell eats very simple food. She is quite American in her tastes and does not care particu- larly for the intricate sauces of the French. Occasionally, however, one finds upon her table macaroni which is cooked in a way particularly her own and which is invariably pronounced delicious. “Mince an onion and fry in butter,” the directions for preparing this bonne bouche read. “Add a little flour and a half a can of tomatoes. Season with salt, pepper and a dessertspoon of sugar cooked twenty minutes. Strain and add one cupful each of cooked macaroni, chopped ham, chicken cut m bits, and three cooked green peppers finely shred- ded and free from seeds. Beat the yolk of one egg in half a cup of hot milk and stir in well to thicken. Serve hot.” LPauline pfielp? I DO not love you,” avowed the lead- ing lady, sweetly but firmly. “But I love you—will always love you. And I'll win your love in return. You may not believe it, but I will.” de- clared the new leading man in an off- hand, confident manner which brought the stage manager down upon him at once. “One moment, Mr. Edwards!” The voice was neither kind nor unkind, just business-like. “I am afraid you have not quite the right conception of Darbell's part. Kindly give us the stage direc- tions.” “ ‘Darbell should be played through- out the drama with the utmost sincerity and earnestness,’ ” read the leadin'g man, slowly. "Earnestness, you see—and sincerity. Make the audience realize the man’s passionate love, the tumult which fills his soul at this moment. Put all the feel- ing of which you are capable into your voice—like this.” And the stage man- ager, who was rather stout and very bald, and had grandchildren, dropped on one knee before the leading woman, and repeated, “But I love you—will al- ways love you. And I’ll win your love in return. You may not believe it, but I will,”—with the force and ardor of an eighteen year old Romeo. “Why, would you believe it, Mr. Griggs can act!” whispered the girl from the Dramatic School to the sou- brette, in surprised staccato accents. The soubrette lifted an elegantly manicured hand, and patted her latest importation of gold curls to make sure that they were all there. “Well, of course,” she remarked in a superior tone, “the Old Man isn’t paying a hun- dred and fifty per to a stage manager who can’t act! Now we’ll see if the new leading man has sense enough to catch on.” The new leading man, who looked like a handsome college boy, stood fee- ing the stage manager with an embar- rassed grin, and awaited further direc- tions. “Do you get my meaning now, Edwards?” “I think so, Mr. Griggs,” he an- swered. not very confidently. “Well then, we’ll try again. Miss Rowley, oblige us with the cue for that speech, please.” “I do not love 3tou,” obliged Missr THE NEW LEADING MAN Rowley, with the calm correctness of a phonograph. "But I love you—will always love you. And I’ll win your love in return. You may not believe it, but I will,” repeated Edwards, doing his best to follow the stage manager’s instructions. From the left upper entrance, where the soubrette and the girl from the Dramatic School were stationed, came a tiny giggle, strangled almost at its birth. The leading man turned his head in the direction of the sound, and a slow wave of red mounted to cheek and forehead. At the corners of his mouth a little muscle began to twitch. Long experience with the soubrette had enabled the manager to locate the disturbance, without even raising his eyes from the prompt-book. “Please re- member, Miss Voorhees, that this is a professional rehearsal, not an entertain- ment/’ he said scathingly to the cul- prit, who had stuffed her handkerchief into her mouth, “and that any further interruptions will be fined.” Then he concentrated his attention again upon the leading man. “No, Mr. Edwards, that’s not the idea at all. You’ll bring a laugh from the audience if you’re not careful. You’re making the part farce-comedy.” “I'm sorry. I did not intend to, sir,” —very humbly. “Earnestness, remember! That’s the key-note. Take it again now, please. Your cue is. ‘I do not love you.’ ” The leading man wiped his damp hands on his pocket-handkerchief, and tried once more. “But I love you— will always love you. And I’ll win your love in return. You may not believe it, but I will.” The stage manager smiled coldly. "Don’t you see, Mr. Edwards, that in- stead of making love to the lady, you are bullying her.” “I—I seem to have some difficulty in —understanding the character,” stam- mered the new leading man. He had given up even the pretense of a smile, and the perspiration was standing in drops on his forehead. “But why should you have difficulty in understanding the character, Mr. Edwards?” It was almost lunch time, 589 and the stage manager felt himself los- ing patience. ‘There’s nothing in the character that should trouble you It’s a straight leading man’s part. You have been accustomed to playing leading men, I presume?”	* “Yes, Mr. Griggs.” “Where have you played them ?” 1 was three seasons juvenile lead on the road, and two years leading man in stock, in Dubuque.” “Dubuque is in the West, isn’t it ?” The soubrette giggled again. Yes, sir. In Iowa. Mr. Clayborne, the owner of the theatre there, was good enough to recommend me to—” By a courteous gesture, Mr. Griggs signified that further explanations were unnecessary. “Ah, I understand! Du- buque, Iowa ! Um ! I’m afraid you’ll find that New York has a different standard for professional work than Dubuque, Iowa, Mr. Edwards. But continue the part. I’ll not interrupt you again. Do your best.” Although the words were not ac- companied by a derogatory sigh, yet in some subtle way the stage manager had conveyed to the entire company, not ex- cepting Edwards himself, that in his opinion the new leading man’s best would be very poor indeed. And in this he was not disappointed. Edwards played his part with increasing uncer- tainty and ner\ ousness, while the lead- ing lady, feeling the uselessness of act- ing up to an opposite who would prob- ably be discharged to-morroyv, grew even more correct and phonetic in her replies. So the rehearsal dragged wear- ily along until lunch hour. Edwards didn’t care for any lunch. He went over to the right wing, and took a seat between the character wom- an, who was dieting because of her fat, and the low comedian, who had been out of a job all summer, and was diet- ing because he couldn’t afford to eat. A shadow had darkened the Irish azure of the leading man’s eyes. “I wish,” he began, addressing his fellow actors with some diffidence, that I could talk with the author of this play about his conception of the part. I wish he were going to be present at the re- hearsals.”590 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM The character woman rolled her chewing-gum, which she affected as be- ing pleasant to the taste and non-fat- tening, from the right side of her mouth to the left. “For Gawd's sake!” she ejaculated slowly, turning her bovine and spectacled eyes upon him, “did you ever rehearse in a play where the au- thor was present ?” “No," confessed the leading man in a small voice. “I’ve only played second companies on the road, and then two years in stock, in Dubuque.” The day before he had considered this record almost an enviable one. Now he blushed to recount it. The character woman removed her gum entirely, for greater ease in ex- pression. “Well, if you’ve never done it, the Lord forgive you for wanting it,” she said. “Young man, just you wait till you see a spindle-legged author come into that stage door with a dinky roll of manuscript under his dinky little arm, prepared to boss his own rehearsals, and you’ll know what playing in Hell with your back broke is. Remember that, and for Gawd’s sake, as long as the man that wrote this show is in Aus- tralia, let him stay in Australia till we’ve put it on and over. Don’t go to wishing him back here.” “That’s right. That’s why I always like to play in the legit.—because old Shakespeare can’t come around to give us side directions about how it’s done,” agreed the low comedian. He was as thin as the character woman was fat, and wore a picture of his thin wife and three thin children on a scarf-pin, fas- tened in a red tie. The shadow in the leading man’s azure eyes became more pronounced. "‘I never had such trouble with a char- acter before,” he said. “I don’t under- stand how it’s happened. Heaven knows, I’m not anything to brag of in most ways, but in Dubuque, Iowa, they did think 1 was some of an actor.” He laughed boyishly, and turned toward his companions as if expecting their confirmation of Dubuque’s ver- dict. There was a moment of embarrassed silence. The low comedian got up and wan- dered to the back of the stage, where be observed the painting on a scene- drop with great interest. The character woman restored the chewing-gum to her mouth, and strug- gled with a cavernous yawn. “Well, of course there’s parts that are suited to us, and there’s parts that aint.” Then, impelled to further effort by Edwards’ chagrined face, she put out her fat, pudgy hand, disfigured by huge brown freckles, and gave his arm a friendly pat. “Now don’t you be discouraged, dear. I shouldn’t wonder but what you’d do real well in musical comedyshe added, comfortingly. The stage manager was fifteen min- utes late for the afternoon rehearsal, a most unusual occurrence. But it was because he had taken the time to go up to the Old Man’s private office, and report that the new leading man, from which such great things had been ex- pected, was utterly failing to make good. “Looks well—pleasant voice—splen- did enunciation; but there’s something the matter here.” The stage manager tapped his forehead. “He seems inca- pable of getting any intellectual under- standing of the part.” “Can’t 3^ou beat it into him?” asked the Old Man, anxiously. He had great respect for the stage manager's opinion, or he would not have paid him his salary. The stage manager did not seem to think he could. “They’ve had the parts to study for two weeks, and a reading of the whole play was given them last Wednesday. This is practically the sec- ond rehearsal. You know my theory. If an actor doesn’t show something of what he can do by then, he’s hopeless. Might as well give him his two weeks' salary at once, and save time.” “I wish now I’d have run out to Du- buque myself, and seen the boy act,” grumbled the Old Man. “But I was up to my ears in work, so I took Clay- borne’s word he was a genius. Why, I can’t believe yet he wont make it, Griggs. Clayborne ought to know. He and I played together in the old legit, for three seasons, and he’s as good a judge of acting as I am myself.”THE NEW LEADING MAN 591 “But how long has Claybome been running that stock playhouse in Iowa ?” asked the stage manager, as though the answer might explain everything. "Ten years.*’ The Old Man looked shamefaced. “You’re right, Griggs. When a man gets away from Broad- way and Broadway ideals for that length of time, he’s apt to go to the bad. Well, I’m sorry, but it can’t be helped. Have the understudy out in front this afternoon, and tell him to watch all the business closely. By the way, who is the understudy ?” “Harold Livingston.” The stage man- ager’s tone was apologetic. “That young whipper-snapper who tried to play the juvenile in ‘A Dying Flame,’ and fell down on it?’’ “Yes. He promised to look after the stage on the road, and of course we didn’t anticipate that this Edwards wouldn't make good.” The Old Man wrinkled his forehead until it looked like a street map of Manhattan, while he considered the knotty problem before him. “Call up Sheridan, the agent,” he decided, sud- denly. “Tell him we’ve got to have Gil- bert Davies here for opening night in New York. Davies’ play failed this sea- son, and he’s gone into vaudeville in the West somewhere, but that doesn’t matter. We'll pay his price. And mean- time—oh, meantime, better keep the understudy out in front, as I said. It will be letting Edwards down by de- grees.” So during the afternoon rehearsal, one of the seats in the front row was occupied by a solemn-faced young man with large eyes, who held a book of the play in his hands, and made frequent pencil notes on it during all of Edwards’ performance. And everyone, from the leading lady, who didn’t care, to the character woman, who really did, un- derstood that the fate of the new lead-’ ing man from Iowa, if not already set- tled adversely, was at least trembling in the balance. At the close of the rehearsal, the lead- ing man’s wife came down to the the- atre to walk home with him. Until she appeared, no one had suspected Ed- wards of having a wife; and she looked so very pretty and so very young that at first glance the doorkeeper took her for a stage-struck schoolgirl, and started to bestow fatherly advice upon her. But she soon set him right on that, with a dignity which left him gasping’ She was Mrs. Edwards. Her husband was Clyde Edwards, at present playing the Leading Man—the capitals are Mrs. Edwards’ own—and she would wait “right here, please,” until her hus- band came out to meet her. She took the chair offered by the now deferential doorkeeper, and with keen eyes, appraised the different actors as they passed. She realized that the com- pany was a first class one, because the leading lady’s shoes were as dainty as her gown, and the low comedian tipped his hat and murmured “Excuse me!” as he passed in front of her—a courtesy not invariable with low comedians. Her heart beat high with pride to think that her husband had found a place befitting his talents at last. “Well. Clyde?” As the stage door closed behind them she tucked her hand in his arm, regardless of the fact that they were in New York City, and not Dubuque, Iowa. “Not very well.” Clyde was not one of those rare individuals who, Spartan like, keep every trouble locked in their own breasts. He belonged to the larger and more commonplace class, who blurt it out to their wives. She stole a quick glance at his troubled face, and for an instant her own became troubled also. Then she smiled cheerfully—oh, very cheerfully, indeed! She always smiled when the way looked dubious, for both actors and husbands must be kept from worrying. “Clyde, I just wouldn’t care a bit how rehearsals went the first day. A bad beginning makes a good ending. I al- ways worry when everything goes smooth right off; it’s so apt to mean the play is only a candidate for cold stor- age. Oh, yes, it is. You know you laughed at me for saying that when thev put on, ‘Dillman’s Pride and yet what a failure that old thing was—only ran two nights.”	, ** “I’m not worrying about tins play. he said.592 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM She tried again. “You mustn’t mind if the stage manager gets mad and throws things. They often do m New York. Mr. Claybome said so himself. He said some of them considered they had to, to get the actors nerved up to doing good work.”..... “Oh, Mr. Griggs isnt like that. He treated me well enough—never raised his voice.” Edwards stumped along be- side his wife, moodily, his free hand shoved down in his ulster pocket. “It wasn’t the play or the stage manager, Kid. It was—” The words seemed to stick in his throat, but he drew a long breath and got them out—“just me. I was rotten in the part.” “You weren’t! You imagine it! Why, you’ve never been rotten in a part in your life!” she cried, with girlish, de- fiant loyalty. His face refused to brighten. “You know I said in the beginning that I wasn’t certain I understood the char- acter, intellectually.” “But you don’t have to understand it intellectually,” she reminded him, eagerly. “Why, Clyde, you’re not going back on the ‘still, small voice, the actor’s conscience,’ that speaks in your heart, and tells you how to play? You’ve said yourself that it was greater than your reasoning power, greater than your logic; and it's never failed you yet. Why, dear, don’t you remember how, on that opening night in Dubuque—” He interrupted her. “Pets, I don’t be- lieve they know what good acting is, in Dubuque. I don’t believe you or I know, either.” “Clyde!” she gasped. They had reached the Subway sta- tion. He asked for “two tickets for Fordham”—where stood the little cot- tage they had moved into with such pride a week before—and having fed them to the ticket chopper, he sat down on the bench beside her, and tried to reason it out. “What else can I think? I played that part just as I’ve rehearsed it here at home, and just as well as I can play it. The bigger theatre didn’t rattle me,'nor being in New York, nor anything. I did my best, I tell you. And what was the result? The first time I tried, the stage manager told me I’d have to be careful, or I’d get a laugh on it. The second time one of the girls in the wing did laugh, and he had to threaten her with a fine. And all through the day, every speech I gave, there was that same feeling in those who listened to me—the desire to laugh. Their faces showed it. Well, don’t you see, there’s only one expla- nation—and my understudy was down in front with the part this afternoon. Oh, I’ll be canned to-morrow all right.” But she would not give up hope so easily. This chance of a New York appearance meant too much to them all —too much to her husband, to herself, to little Bimbi asleep in his cradle, and even to all their friends back there in Dubuque. Why, they had considered her husband one of the greatest actors in the world, in Dubuque! They had crowded the theatre to hear him at every performance. On his benefit night, they had even blocked the street in their eagerness to buy tickets. Mr. Cktyborne himself, the great Mr. Claybome, had said to her with his own lips that once Clyde obtained a hearing in New York, the New York public would never let him get away. Oh, it couldn't be that now, on this first day, before he’d even had a chance to show what he could do— Her breath caught, and hurt, but she felt her husband’s eyes upon her, and the cheerful smile never left her lips. “Don’t you fret at all about it. Honey Boy,” she said, patting his cheek—to the great satifaction of the ticket chop- per, who had already sized them up as honeymooners. “It’s coming out all right, and you’ll have your chance in New York on opening night yet. Oh yes, you will. Pets knows. You’ll see.” And to the casual observer, the events of the next two weeks would have seemed to justify her prophecy. Though the understudy continued to sit in front, he was not, so far as the actors could discover, ever called upon to rehearse; and the stage manager never again crit- icized the leading man as harshly as on that first day. In fact, he seemed to have taken a resolution to avoid criti- cizing him altogether, and lived up to it, except on occasions when the prov-THE NEW LEADING MAN 593 ocation became too great. Then he would burst out with, “Earnestness, Mr. Edwards! Remember that a farce- comedy is played in one way, and a seri- ous drama in another. Now if you can make us feel that you are a modern Romeo in love with a modern Juliet—” Edwards tried, but he couldn’t. In his efforts to avoid farce-comedy, he did. however, render the part neutral toned, and one day the leading lady—• softened by his alacrity in picking up a handkerchief for her—told him kindly that he had greatly improved, and that if he kept on he might yet succeed in putting it over. Edwards writhed under the scant praise, remembering how the other actors were accustomed to stand around with awe-stricken admiration while he created a part in Dubuque. But he shut his teeth grimly, and tried to take the encouragement as it was meant. After all, if a man had got into the way of over-rating his capabilities, it was probably well that he should find it out. And thank Heaven, they had not canned him! The play opened on a Thursday even- ing, in a dog town in Connecticut, be- yond the reach of New York reporters, and continued there through the week. By the unanimous verdict of the only daily paper, the opening was most suc- cessful, and “Darbell’s Decision” was destined for a long and prosperous met- ropolitan career. But after the first performance, when the stage manager had finished supper with the editor and had written the criticism for him, he walked down to the depot and sent off a night letter to the Old Man—who was detained at home with facial neu- ralgia—which read like this: Play doubtful, but may get over. Ed- wards very bad. Have sent Davies his part, with full stage directions. Sorry he cannot get here until so late, but think better to trust opening night to him, even without rehearsal. G. Griggs. The stage manager handed his letter in, paid for it, and then requested it back and added a postcript. P. S. Will not dismiss Edwards un- til after Davies’ arrival. in NewgYork|10Ck °" °peni',g niSht ! The nerves of everyone connected with the theatre, from the Old Man himself to the smallest boy who passed the drinking cups, were as a violin string keyed up to the highest pitch, and likely to snap at any moment. . In the right upper entrance, the lead- ing lady, very tailor-made and correct in her first act street dress, was gnaw- ing the fingers off her gloves, and wish- ing she had left the stage and married the millionaire stock broker last season, when she had the chance. In the left lower entrance, the sou- brette struggled with a nervous chill, while a very frightened super fanned the back of her neck, and the leading lady’s understudy administered ice water. At the window “in flat,” the low co- median, in a blue funk, w'as telling the heavy that from the very first he had predicted the play would be a failure, and by eleven to-night they’d find out he was right. And on the stage center, in the midst of the first act pawnbroking office, the Old Man wraved a telegram before Griggs’ dismayed eyes, and shouted at the top of his voice, under the impres- sion he was speaking in a whisper. “Griggs, look at this? Will you look at this? A message from DavLs, saying he can’t arrive until nine o’clock! Nine o’clock on opening night in New York, when I’ve doubled his salary to get him. It’s an insult—an outrage! What excuse has he? What excuse can he have?” “He says a railroad accident," softly murmured the stage manager, whose nervousness was of the quiet, deadly kind. “That’s no excuse! He ought to have got here some way.” Griggs re-read the message. “He has chartered an automobile— “Then he should have chartered an airship. Does he think I’m going to postpone raising my curtain till nine, and have every critic here tired out and ready to roast the show to-morrow. I wont do it—not if we put on the play without any leading man at all. W here s Edwards ?”594 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM “In his dressing-room, making up. Of course he suspects nothing so far, but I think we’d make a mistake to trust the part to him. He’s an absolute non- entity.” “Well, Davies is an It,” roared the Old Man, who on ordinary occasions admired Davies exceedingly. Griggs dry-washed his clammy hands. “Even so, he’ll get the part over, and we know it. He doesn’t come on till the last half of the first act, and he says he’ll arrange his make-up in the machine. I think if we put off raising the curtain till eight-forty—” “Eight-thirty—not a minute later. It’s been a lifelong principle of mine never to wear out an audience by makin’ ’em wait, and I’m going to stick to that prin- ciple. Eight-thirty, never mind what comes of it. Do you understand ?’’ The Old Man rushed off the stage, and careened full against Mrs. Ed- wards, whom in the excitement of the moment he took for the leading lady, in her street make-up of the first act. “Miss Rowley, the curtain rises at eight-thirty, and that’s final. We’re hoping Davies will be here in time for his cue, but if he isn’t, Edwards goes on and plays. Thank Heaven, we haven’t given him his notice yet, and you may be able to pull him through some way, though of course we’re hoping Davies gets here. Eight-thirty. Now do you understand?” “Yes, sir,” murmured Clyde’s wife, fleeing from him. And indeed, she did understand only too well. In the dim entry way which led to her husband’s dressing-room, she paused and clutched her hand about the locket upon her neck, where rested Bimbi’s picture. “Oh, baby,” she murmured, as if to his little living, comforting pres- ence, “when you grow up, dear, be a lawyer or a doctor or a civil engineer, or anything like that if you can—be a hod carrier if you must, but never, never be an actor. They’re too cruel to you when you're that—they break your heart!” But she pulled herself together, and choked back the tears resolutely. Of course, she must carry a smiling face to Clyde’s door! Of course, he musn’t know, not as long as there was a chance, even a chance— “Is that you, Pets?” “Yes, Clyde, dear.” “Bully. I was afraid you wouldn’t get around before the curtain went up. Come in. The dresser’s gone.” He hugged her boyishly as she entered. He had always suffered less from stage fright than most actors, and now she saw that he was in the highest spirits. “Pets, dear, I’ve got a hunch that I’m going to make a big hit to-night.” “Have you, Clyde?” she forced her lips to say, with the stereotyped smile still upon them. “Yes. I’ve been thinking over this— this sort of failure of mine to make good, you know, and I can see just how it happened. It was that little soubrette’s laugh the first day that’s responsible for the whole thing.” “Do you think so, dear?” “I’m sure of it. After that, I got afraid of myself, and afraid of the part, for fear somebody else would laugh. Why, I didn’t do anything up in Connecticut — they wouldn’t have known I was on the stage. I’d toned it all down so, you understand. But to- night I just feel it’s in me to go out there and play up and get them, just as I used to get them in Dubuque. Laugh ? The audience wont laugh. W'hy should they? No one ever saw anything funny in my acting before, and perhaps that girl was laughing at some joke of her own, anyway. Oh, I’ll show 'em a little what I can do to-night.” “I hope so, Clvde.” “ ‘Hope so?’” I wUir He was sure of it. He gave his make-up a last, critical inspection, and then hurried her onto the stage, to watch the curtain go up. “Do you know, that kid from the Dra- matic School who plays the typewriter girl has the first speech ; only one she does have all the way through. But it’s enough to scare the wits out of her to open the play, isn’t it?” On the stage, the excitement had in- creased a hundred per cent, and the stage manager was having hard work to make the Old Man take any noticeTHE NEW LEADING MAN 595 whatever of a card which had just been handed in from the audience. “It’s from the author,” whispered Griggs, in an awe-stricken voice. “He says he returned from Australia sooner than he expected. He’s in front.” “Hey?” “The author of the play, you know. He landed in Boston at three this after- noon, and took the fast express. He’s out there in one of the orchestra seats now—” “Then let him stay there,” snapped out the Old Man, fiercely. “If we could get along without authors in this busi- ness, I’d pay double the royalties. Hang authors! They stay away from rehear- sals, get rid of all the worry of it, and then sit out in front and find fault be- cause it isn’t done to suit ’em. I’ll bet you a thousand dollars that if this play fails to-night that chap out there in the orchestra seat—” He stopped, because the stage mana- ger wasn’t listening to him. No one was listening to him. They were all listen- ing to the overture, and the overture was drawing to a close. “Oh, my Gawd,” said the character woman, her fat hand clutching her heart. The overture had ended, and there came a moment of deathlike silence. It was as if the entire three thousand people in the audience were holding their breath in a gasp of suspense. Then: “Ting-a-ling-a-ling-a-ling!” And the curtain had gone up. It was the proudest moment in the life of the girl from the Dramatic School when, after delivering her maiden speech in a voice which did not shake, and could be heard throughout the theatre, she walked off the stage, to be immediately swallowed up in the congratulatory embraces of a dozen excited fellow actors. The play went on, far too quickly for the frightened mummers waiting for their cues, but slowly, far too slowly, for Clyde’s wife. Twenty-five minutes later, the Old Man, watching the audience with a keen and experienced eye, believed that so far they were all to the good. The sou- brette had been kindly received. The low comedian and the character woman had scored individual hits. The scene between the leading lady and the heavy, which developed the plot, was being lis- tened to with close attention. The Old Man turned to find Griggs standing be- side him, and in the relief of the moment, he gave him a humorous dig with his elbow. “Well, Griggsy, boy, it looks to me as if we were holdin’ ’em all right.” “If Davies comes to save the leading man. But there’s only five minutes more,” almost whimpered Griggs, who was as white as a sheet. He dry-washed his hands again, as he listened for the sound of Davies’ voice at the stage door. Clyde’s wife was listening for the same sound, but she kept the smile on her lips. After all, her husband might get his chance—the time was so short now. “Well, Pets, it’s pretty near my cue.” “Yes, dear.” She was shaking like a leaf. “Nervous about me, eh? Forget it! I tell you I’m going to make good.” Indif- ferent to the grinning scene-shifters, he put his arms about her, and with un- wonted seriousness, kissed her full on the lips. “It would be a pretty sort of a chap that couldn’t make good, for you —and the little fellow at home,” he whispered tenderly. Her lithe form relaxed in his em- brace, then suddenly stiffened. She had heard the opening of the stage door, and a man’s breathless voice asking for Griggs. “Clyde,” she gasped, pushing him toward his entrance. "Go on—go on, now.” “Why, Pets, that isn’t my cue. Ihe cue is, ‘If I owned a fairy Godmother, I would ask her to give me— “Oh, don’t wait for that. You can tell them you made a mistake. Go now. i ou must, I tell you, you must!*’ - “But Pets, you’re crazy. I can t! A man in full stage make-up had appeared in the wing, and was being rushed toward them by Griggs. Clyde s wife turned faint. But at that instant came the leading woman’s voice:596 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM “if I owned a fairy Godmother. I would ask her to give me—” "Give you what?'’ cried the leading man, bounding onto the stage. In his make-up Edwards looked like a blond Viking prince, and a murmur of admiration nestled through the fem- inine portion of the audience. They clapped softly, while their escorts con- sulted their programs. “Clyde Ed- wards. A new name! One of the Old Man’s finds, doubtless. Well, Edwards looks all right, but the question is, can he act?” Then they settled back to pass judgment upon him. “By George, Griggs, there’s nothing the matter with that chap,” whispered the Old Man hoarsely, after Edwards’ first long speech. “Call him a nonentity? Why, he blazes.” But Griggs was clutching the scenery, a picture of helpless rage and despair. “The fool—the idiot.” he cried softly. “And to think that in one moment more, Davies could have got in.” “But isn’t Edwards playing this all right ?” “He’s not playing the part at all. He’s doing as he did that first day, making a burlesque of it. Oh, it doesn’t matter for a page or two, here at first, but when it comes to the serious work, the love scenes, they’ll laugh at him. You'll see!” Tears stood in the manager’s eyes. But all unconscious of danger, the leading man went blindly and hopefully on his way. And by and by— “I do not love you,” avowed the lead- ing woman. “But I love you—will always love you. And I’ll win your love in return. You may not believe it, but I will,” re- sponded the leading man. And a ripple of laughter ran through the audience. A look of stunned surprise came into the leading man’s eyes. At the corner of his mouth, the little muscle began to twitch. The leading woman bit her lip. “Tone it down! You’ll kill the scene,” she whispered, angrily. And then in her high, clear voice, “I’m sorry that our companionship this summer should have ended so.” Edwards knew that if the audience laughed again, both himself and the play were lost. He put all the ardor and emotion of which he was capable into the next speech. He thought of his wife, watching from the wings; he thought of little Bimbi, asleep in the cradle at home. He prayed, even as he was de- livering the lines, that he would be guided to give them aright. And the audience laughed again! After that, a sort of despairing dog- gedness took possession of him. He didn’t try to tone the part down. He told himself that as he had begun, so he would go through it to the end. The mischief was done; it was too late to change now. Besides, he couldn’t change! He wasn't saying those words. It was that other self of his, that inner voice, on which as an actor he had al- ways depended. Why, oh why, should it have played him false now ? And the audience continued to laugh. They alw'ays laughed—always, at every line. The other actors made way for him as he rushed off the stage, past them all, down to the friendly darkness of his dressing-room. But his wife was there before him. “Oh Clyde, dear! Oh, Honey Boy, I’m so sorry.” She put out her arms, and he buried his head on her breast as Bimbi might have done, hiding himself in her mother love, to shut out the cruelty of the world. “It’s all over. Pets, all over! I can never act again.’’ “Oh, don’t say that, Honey Boy.” From above there came the muffled clapping of many hands. “Curtain! All in first act on stage for curtain" shouted the call boy, and passed on. “It isn’t just failing in the part. I could stand that! But when those people out there began to laugh at me, they killed something in my soul—my belief in myself. If I live to be a thousand 1 11 never get it back again.” “Curtain! All in front for the cur- tain.” The call boy w-as pounding on the door. He clung to her closer. “I can’t do it, Pets. I can’t face that crowd out there again, not even to finish the play. It would kill me. Oh, Pets, I can’t.”T THE NEW LEADING MAN —— 597 '‘And you needn't, Honey Boy. I’ll tell them you’re ill, and they must put the other man in your place. Oh, he’s ready for it,” she said, bitterly. “He was ready when you went on the stage to-night.” She kissed him. “And listen, Clyde, dear. I don’t like New York. It’s so cold and cruel. To-morrow we’ll leave Fordham, and go back to Dubu- que, where they know us and love us. Clayborne wrote me yesterday that the new leading man wasn’t making good. He’ll be glad to take you on.- And the old crowd will all come down to the train to meet us, I’m sure they will. They were our friends there, you know. Oh, Clyde, wont it be good to see old Bill Harrock again, and funny little Tads—” Thus she crooned her husband com- fort, rocking him back and forth in her arms, w'hile the pounding outside grew to a perfect pandemonium of fists, which at last could not be disregarded, even by their all-absorbing misery. Ed- wards staggered to his feet, and threw open the door. “Go away,” he cried, fiercely. “Don’t come here with any kicks. Haven’t you got heart enough to let a man alone when he’s down?” But none of the excited group out- side heard a word of it. “Congratulations,” yelled the Old Man, in hilarious joy, working Clyde’s right hand up and down like a pump handle. “Boy, you’re made.” “Congratulations!” shouted a chorus back of him. Congratulations!” murmured a lit- erary individual with a Boston accent seizing Clyde’s left hand and treating it the same way. “As the author of the play, allow me to say that you are ful- filling my ideal, and more. Allow me to say that I can think of no other young; actor at present on the boards who could, without burlesque, bring out all the delicate and subtle humor of this difficult comedy part.” “Comedy part!” echoed Clyde. He clutched the side of the door for sup- port, and his eyes involuntarily sought those of the stage director, who was standing third in the line. Griggs hesi- tated for a moment, and then, because he was a gentleman, he came up and held out his hand. “Everything’s on me,” he said. “It was that line about earnestness and sin- cerity that started me wrong, and I kept right on. Mr. Edwards, you never take anything, I know7. But would that baby of yours prefer an opening night sou- venir of a silver rattle, or a teething ring?” And while Clyde’s dazed brain was still wrestling with this important ques- tion, the call boy pounced down upon the group, and in his frenzied excite- ment included the author, the stage manager, and even the Old Man him- self in one scathing condemnation: “What t’ell are youse all doin’, keep- in' de lead from his curtains? Don’t ye hear de audience goin’ wild out dere? Gee, does you want ’em to tear de theaytre down?”Vhr©imic;lcs OF Roadway & ^RENNOLD WOLF HERE is another bouquet of piquant anecdotes sonalities who have made Broadway famous. ON BROADWAY, this is the open season for ante-prandial cocktails and post-prandial ora- tory. He who really is of Broad- way, who gains admittance and wel- come to the innermost circles of the Rialto’s elect, may during the months of January, February and March keep his date book filled with appoint- ments that mean a “party” of some sort for every night in the week—in- cluding Sunday. As some one long ago remarked, the chief diversion of New Yorkers is eating. And immediately following the holidays there is scarcely an even- concerning a number of the interesting per- ing which has not its beefsteak sup- per, its “banquet” or its formal din- ner of some kind, at which the same faces are seen night after night. Indeed, a flawless digestion, an ex- tensive repertoire of dress shirts and a complacent and patient wife are es- sential to the complete enjoyment of a chronic Broadway diner-out. For example, during a period of four weeks immediately preceding the pen- ning of these Chronicles, there have come and gone the annual dinner of the American Dramatists Club at Del- monico’s, the Twelfth Night Club’s dinner and entertainment at theCHRONICLES OF BROADWAY Berkley Lyceum—also an annual affair—the Friars’ monster party and dinner to Sam H. Harris at the Hotel Astor, the annual banquet of the Association ^ of Theatre Managers at the Hotel Knickerbocker, [fit George M. Cohan’s midnight supper to William Col- lier, William Collier’s midnight supper to George M. f- Cohan, the Messrs. Cohan and Collier’s midnight sup- per to Nat C. Goodwin, Nat C. Goodwin’s midnight supper to the Rialto at large, the Lambs’ big Yuletide Gambol and supper, Donald Brian’s beefsteak party “under the rafters” at Reisenweber’s, James Bu- chanan Brady’s elaborate dinner at home, the New Year’s revel at the Players—and the big Jubilee Din- ner to Messrs. Weber and Fields in immediate pros- pect. Oh, there are many, many others, but loss of sleep has induced a loss of memory that renders a more prolonged recital too arduous a task. AUGUSTUS THOMAS NEVER MISSES AT NEARLY every one of these affairs one may count with certainty upon Augustus Thomas’ pres- ence. Mr. Thomas’ name always is the first one thought of in preparing a list of after-dinner speak- ers. He has no superior, and perhaps no equal, in that particular form of monologue rendering. Also he possesses a dignity and a pre-eminence that raise the K general average of the gatherings which he graces. Mr. Thomas always speaks. His method is sim- ple. Of the toastmaster or presiding officer he requests that he be placed “Number 4 on the bill”—to drift into vaudeville parlance. Upon what his predecessors have said he bases his remarks. While they are speak- ing he makes copious notes on the tablecloth, usually consuming the area allotted to himself and his neigh- bor on either side. Then he arises to pick flaws in the assertions of those who have gone before and to poke good-natured fun at them. Occasionally he repeats himself, but this is seldom— which is a remarkable thing, inasmuch as he is eter- nally at it and never seems at a loss for an apt retort. He is guilty of such a repetition but once this season, according to the score that is kept of these events, and, therefore, his batting average may be said to be considerably above .300. At the dinner of the American Dramatists Club where he presided, one of the speakers found much fault with the theatre, and stoutly urged radical re- forms. The speaker was not a man whose achieve- ments carried much weight, and his suggestions were not received seriously by his hearers.600 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM In reply Mr. Thomas spoke of Mark Twain’s de- , scription of the Sandwich Islands, which Mr. Twain had declared to be picturesque perfection, observing that he could think of but one improvement and that was to move the mountains nearer to the shore. ‘ And.’* added Mr. Twain, according to Mr. Thomas. “I don’t want to be obliged to speak of it again.'* It was this same joke that Mr. Thomas turned on himself at the dinner of the Managers’ Association. He had spoken with great earnestness of a needed reform in the theatrical business, and the assembled magnates had listened listlessly, and yawned. Where- upon Mr. Thomas, appreciating the humor of the situation, related again Mr. Twain’s comment on the Sandwich Islands. WHAT HAMMERSTEIN SMOKES AT THAT same dinner my nearest neighbor was Oscar Hammerstein, who had arrived from London that morning for a visit of three days in New York. Between courses we discussed at length Mr. Ham- merstein’s London opera season. He happened to re- mark during the conversation that he had taken apart- ments in the Hotel Savoy, perhaps London’s most luxurious hotel. Just then a waiter passed cigars—-of a brand so costly that they are not on sale except at the stands of a few leading hotels. Mr. Hammerstein shook his head, sighed, and took from his own cigar case a long, black cigar, which bore a general resemblance to a Pittsburg stogie. Remembering that the impresario always fancied a certain powerful weed of his own make, I said to him: ‘By the way, what do you do for your cigars in London ?” “I have them made special,” he replied. ‘‘But that is not entirely satisfactory, and I am having my cigar machinery installed in my apartments, and hereafter will make them myself.” There's versatility for you—a man who overcomes all traditions and establishes an opera house in oppo- sition to Covent Garden, and who also manufactures his own cigars in the gaudy apartments of the Savoy. WILDER MISSED A CHANCE AT THIS same gathering Mr. Hammerstein told how nearly he and Marshall P. Wilder, the misses’ size humorist, once came to being partners, and how it was that Wilder lost an opportunity of becoming half owner of the prosperous Victoria Theatre. »CHRONICLES OF BROADWAY 601 Wilder’s friendship with Hammerstein dates back fully twenty years. At the time to which Hammer- stein referred, the indomitable Oscar had just lost possession of the New York Theatre—then the Olym- pia—and if ostrich plumes had been selling at ten cents a bunch, it is doubtful if he could have pur- chased a pin feather. Wilder, always thrifty, usually had an abundance of ready money. To console and comfort his old friend after the loss of the biggest theatre in all Manhattan, Wilder called upon Hammerstein. They chatted on general topics for a while, and then Hammerstein said: “Marshall, if you have $10,000 you care to invest I can make you a rich man. Also it will help me out in a scheme.” “That’s too bad,” replied the little humorist, “for I haven’t a cent for investment. I put $30,000 yester- day into a watch company, and it is every penny I can spare at this time.” Wilder was telling the truth, but, fearing that his friend might doubt him, he called again the follow- ing day and showed the certificates of stock he had purchased. “That really is unfortunate,” declared Hammer- stein. “I intended to use your $10,000 to build another theatre, and,, of course, you would have owned one- half of it. As it is, I am going to build it anyhow.” “How much capital have you?” asked Wilder. “Seven dollars,” replied Hammerstein. And he, too, was telling the truth, for, with only seven dollars as his entire earthly possessions, he manipulated a scheme whereby the Victoria Theatre at Seventh Avenue and Forty-second Street was built, and which, as everyone knows, is now worth fully a million dollars, and as a vaudeville house clears annually $150,000. Wilder still holds his watch company stock, and it is a reasonably good investment. He often sighs, how- ever, when he thinks of the chance offered him by Hammerstein to be a real magnate. DOCKSTADER MEANT WELL IT WAS New Year’s day. Lew Dockstader, the minstrel, and Jean Havez, the man who has written so many of his songs, walked out of their hotel to- gether, and turned into Broadway. They had gone scarcely a block when they encoun- tered a comedian, whose name shall not be mentioned, but who is known wherever vaudeville flourishes as60 2 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM one of the most brilliant of monologue artists and the possessor of an insatiable thirst. The comedian was maudlin from liquor. Also he was unkempt, unshaven and generally soiled. He rec- ognized Dockstader and his companion, and demanded their attention. In his drunken way he muttered that he was concluding a protracted carouse, that he wished to reform, and that if he could go to Bridge- port, the hospitality of a friend’s home and a week’s vaudeville engagement awaited him. He appeared to be sincere. Certainly his condition was pitiable* and Dockstader and Havez decided to lend a helping hand. A programe of a bath, a shave, a visit to a manicure parlor and a complete change of clothing was outlined. In a cab the unfortunate man was taken to a Turk- ish bath. At first the attendant refused to accept the cargo. Dockstader pleaded. His eloquence and a sub- stantial tip prevailed. The comedian was carried into a room, stripped, bathed, rubbed vigorously and put to bed. The following day Dockstader and Havez called at the baths with a complete new outfit for the penitent. He came forth, looking like a new man. “I’ll never forget your kindness,” he said; and he seemed to mean it. “Now that I am straightened out again,” he con- tinued, “I will go to Bridgeport, remain with my friend until Monday, and then begin a week’s engage- ment at Poli’s. I have many bookings to follow. But I think I should have just one good drink to give me a little nerve. That’s the last, though. Never again for me.” Dockstader led him to a near by cafe. The three took a parting drink. Then Dockstader summoned a cab and the comedian was escorted to the Grand Cen- tral Station. Dockstader purchased a ticket for Bridge- port, thrust it into the comedian’s hand, together with a five-dollar bill, and personally saw him aboard the train. There were tears in the comedian’s eyes when he said farewell to his two friends. As the train slowly moved out of the station, he leaned far out of the win- dow and waved his hand. ‘This has all been a terrible nuisance,” remarked Dockstader to Havez, as they left the station and turned into Forty-second Street, “but it’s been worth the trouble. I feel better for it.” ' So do I,” replied Havez. “Let’s step into this cafe and have just one drink.” The one drink led to others, and it was perhaps anCHRONICLES OF BROADWAY 603 hour later when the two emerged and walked towards Broadway. They turned into Times Square and were just crossing Forty-third Street, when out of the door of the Hotel Cadillac’s cafe pitched their reformed friend headlong—beastly drunk. He had left the train at the 125th street station, taken the subway to Times Square and lost not a mo- ment in making for the nearest barroom. ABOUT “EVERY LITTLE MOVEMENT” The sudden death of Karl Hoschna, the composer, recalls the narrow margin of circumstance by which the song, “Every Little Movement Has a Meaning All Its Own,” and consequently “Madame Sherry,” attained their tremendous vogue. It is no reflection upon the judgment of George W. Lederer, the pro- ducer of “Madame Sherry,” that he did not foresee the popularity of the song. The man does not live who can recognize a “song hit” in advance of a pub- lic test. For that matter, Mr. Hoschna himself laid no great stress upon the melody of “Every Little Movement,” as I have excellent reason to know, since he played it for me long before “Madame Sherry” was written, and said merely that he hoped to find use for it some time. Therefore* Mr. Lederer is not to be blamed because he placed no reliance upon it during the rehearsals of “Madame Sherry.” The fact is that he had so little faith in the song that he made it the opening num- ber—almost certain death. Furthermore, he entrusted it to Frances Demarest, a young woman who still had her reputation to earn and whose ability Mr. Lederer regarded at that time as chiefly negative. Almost at the eleventh hour of the rehearsal period Joseph Smith was called in by Mr. Lederer to stage the musical numbers. Mr. Smith had not met Miss Demarest at that time. "I’ve got a song, entitled ‘Every Little Movement,’ ” explained Lederer, “that isn’t much good. At least, if it is any good its merits will never become known, for a black horse, named Demarest, is singing it. A dance should go with the song, because it concerns a dance, and perhaps you can teach that ice wagon to do it.” “I'll teach Miss Demarest a dance for that song," reported Smith after the first rehearsal. “And, unless I am greatly mistaken, you will be surprised in the way that song will go.” The outcome is now known in every city in thisTHE GREEN BOOK ALBUM country large enough to maintain a theatre. “Madame Sherry,” largely because of “Every Little Move ment,” has earned fortunes for everybody concernec • in its production. It established Mr. Hoschna ovei : night as a popular composer, and brought him more contracts than he could fulfill. Miss Demarest shared in the general success, and sang and danced the num- ber during the long Chicago and New York rung. And Mr. Smith fell in love with Miss Demarest and married her. WILLIAMS PAID HIS TRIBUTE AT THE dinner of the Theatre Managers’ Associa- tion, mentioned earlier in this installment of Chron- icles, Percy Williams, the vaudeville manager, took a final shot at a once celebrated institution which is now but a memory. On the menu cover was the picture of the interior of a theatre. The stage curtain was raised, and the musicians were in their pit, but not a seat in the audi- torium was occupied. “I think/’ remarked Mr. Wiliams, as he arose in response to President Charles Burnham’s introduction, “that our committee has paid a fine compliment to our fellow-member, Henry B. Harris. I see that on the menu cover they have printed a picture of the Folies Bergere on a busy night.” “JOHN, THE BARBER,” AGAIN I HAD thought never again to write in these Chronicles a chapter of “John, the Barber’s” life, but he has recently been the chief figure in an incident so extraordinary that to withhold it from readers of the Chronicles would be a breach of faith. To those who have not already made “John, the Barber’s” acquaintance in these pages it should be explained that he conducts the Rialto’s most popular tonsorial establishment,—an establishment financed by leading managers and actors,—that he is sportively in- clined by nature, that he has made several incursions into the theatrical field, to his sorrow, and that his real name is John J. Reisler. Not long ago Reisler presented to his wife a valu- able diamond necklace. On New Year’s eve, accom- panied by Mrs. Reisler and the necklace, he entered society by a route known as the Pekin Restaurant, located in the very heart of the Long Acre district. And in the Pekin Mrs. Reisler was stripped of her necklace. Reisler said it had been “frisked.”CHRONICLES OF BROADWAY 605 Great and profound was the grief that followed, persistent search brought no results, and Reisler finally was moved to advertise a reward of $500 for the return of the diamonds, and “no questions asked.” It was exactly like a heartless Rialto contingent to avail itself of this opportunity to play a cruel joke upon the disconsolate barber. A few days later, it must be told to the discredit of the perpetrators, Reis- ler was summoned to the telephone by a strange voice. The voice informed him that the necklace would be returned, provided he was sincere in the statement of “no questions asked.” To obtain the lost gems, continued the voice, Reis- ler must present himself at seven o’clock that evening at the cigar stand in the Hotel Plaza, and blow his nose three times in a red bandanna handkerchief. Also he must bring the reward. The possessor of the neck- lace, if Reisler appeared to be acting in good faith, would then exchange the property for the $500. With great care Reisler prepared for his visit to the Plaza, a hotel which he never before had entered. He was more than ordinarily careful about his toilet, dressing in evening clothes and adorning his shirt front with the chipped-diamond studs designed to rep- resent tiny shaving mugs, which he seldom wore ex- cept at the annual ball of the Larry Mulligan Outing and Literary Club. One minute before seven o’clock he entered the Plaza and walked directly to the cigar stand in the lobby. Leaning over the counter ostentatiously, he pulled a gaudy bandanna handkerchief from his pocket and blew vigorously on his nose three times. He waited. Then he repeated the operation. Again and again came the blasts, but the necklace seemed as far away as ever. “Pretty bad cold you have,” remarked the cigar clerk sympathetically. “Cold—nothin’!” retorted Reisler. “Say, young fel- low, is there another cigar stand in this hotel?” “Well, rather,” replied the clerk. “There are six others—one in the men’s restaurant, one in the cafe, one in the rathskeller—oh, all over the place.” Reisler started out on the rounds. From one cigar stand to another he journeyed, always pausing at each one long enough to give three vigorous blasts and dis- play the danger signal. To the various nooks and corners of the hotel he wandered, serenading each cigar stand in its turn, until finally his nose was the color of the bandanna. It was nearly ten o’clock when he became sus- picious and concluded the concert with one final burstr 606 9 '£> ■ THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM of snorts and explosions, designed to take in all the ,jU <, cigar stands at once. Then, with a glare in his eyes, he left the hotel and dashed for his barber shop. There he found awaiting his return a crowd of rois- terers who made no effort to conceal their mirth. Reisler daubed his nose with cold cream before he relieved his mind of his sufferings. His verbal on- slaught is said to have surpassed Ben Teal’s tirade the morning that Miss Hattie Forsythe accused that resolute stage manager of stifling her art by costum- ing her in a gown that reached below her knees. And when Reisler had ended his rebuke, Arthur Klein, one of the parlor’s regular patrons, stepped for- ward and solemnly announced that the customers had rechristened him “Little Boy Blew.” MME. SIMONE LIKES FIRES IF A choice must be made between her art and the spectacle of a big fire, give Mme. Simone the fire every time. The great French actress’ love of a fire amounts to a passion, and the only misunderstanding that has arisen between her and George C. Tyler, manager of her American tour, developed on the day of the burn- ing of the magnificent Equitable Building. The most important production of Mme. Simone’s American season—“The Return from Jerusalem”— was about to be launched, and a rehearsal had been called at the Hudson Theatre at ten o’clock in the morning. Mme. Simone, who is her own stage direc- tor and who is accustomed to the most rigid disci- pline as a result of her training in Paris, arose at eight o’clock, ordered her coffee and rolls and sat down to this light breakfast with a morning news- paper in her hand. The Equitable Building was by this time burning briskly, but the morning papers had gone to press too early to carry the news. As the actress was about to enter a cab in front of her hotel two hours later, a newsboy passed by, crying: “Terrible fire! Special! Extra!” Mme. Simone purchased a paper, glanced at the glar- ing headlines, and ordered the cabbie to take her direct- ly to the scene of conflagration. It was a bitterly cold morning, and, of course, Mme. Simone was not able to get within a block of the fire lines. Nevertheless, she hovered about the scene for more than an hour with her maid, catching glimpses of the firemen, the ambulances and the squads of policemen, and picking up news of the disaster as it was repeated by the crowd.CHRONICLES OF BROADWAY 607 She arrived at the Hudson Theatre shortly before noon, where she found an impatient company and a peevish manager awaiting her. Mr. Tyler addressed her somewhat frigidly, but he softened under the great (§' actress’ reply. "Why bother ourselves with drama of the imagina- tion,” she asked, “when such big, tremendous, vital drama is being enacted down there on lower Broad- way p»» JULIAN MITCHELL’S FAUX PAS OPPOSITE the name of Julian Mitchell, the stage director, must be set a black mark, denoting an error of judgment. His faux pas was committed at the New York Theatre on the occasion of the special New Year’s eve performance by the “Follies of 1911” organization. For this one Sunday night concert, members of the “Follies” company, which was playing in Philadel- phia, were brought to New York. A large gathering of player folk had assembled to avail themselves of this opportunity to observe brother and sister artists in action. Among them was Lillian Lorraine, formerly a member of the “Follies” organization, but now the leading woman in “Over the River.” She had come to New York from Boston to witness the performance, and, with a party of friends, sat in a stage box. As one after another of the “Follies” company stepped upon the stage they recognized Miss Lor- raine and smiled at her, and Mr. Mitchell, who was directing the performance from the first entrance, con- ceived the idea of interpolating her unannounced into the program. He waited until the big dancing num- ber from the “Follies” show, in which Miss Lorraine formerly had been the feature, and then, without a word of warning, instructed Leon Erol to jump into the stage box, seize Miss Lorraine, drag her upon the stage and perform her original dance with her. Miss Lorraine was startled, to say the least, when Erol sprang over the rail and lifted her, in her gor- geous evening raiment, upon the stage. But, alas, when Miss Lorraine raised her skirts to dance, an awful secret was disclosed. In packing her bag for the hurried trip from Boston, Miss Lorraine’s maid had committed an error in the selection of hosiery, and when the comedienne, blushing furiously, lifted the skirt of her handsome gown, she revealed two ankles, one of which was encased in a black stocking, the other in pink.- '* 51 PI !\V Spotty ^ James T Powercf. A REAL ROMANCE OF THE STAGE BY A WELL-KNOWN COMEDIAN ELSIE NORMAN, leading woman with the Boston Stock company, sat in her dressing room, all pow- dered and patched, waiting for the cur- tain to rise on the opening performance of “The Gallant Cavalier.” The leading man, John Hillerman, stood in the opened door, talking with her as she dabbed at her face with the rouge paw\ Both were young and both were nerv- ous. This was the first new play the company had produced since their ele- vation to the leading parts. It wras in the days when stock companies were the real aristocracy in theatrical circles, before the star system came into style! Also it was in the days when the spot- light was operated from the wings by a man using calcium lights. ‘Elsie,” said the leading man, "my nerves are all on the jump. Sometimes 1 think this Cavalier will prove a win- ner and sometimes I think he’ll be left 608 at the post. I wish I knew something about this Arthur Berson, the man who wrote it.” “I’ve wondered about him, too,” re- plied Miss Norman. “It seems strange no one knows anything about him. Who is he?” “Mason knows—but he wont tell. Mason says he and Berson robbed orchards together when they were kids, but he’s such a shy fellow he doesn’t want his identity kmnvn unless his play is a success.” “Well, Mr. Mason is pretty young himself,” the leading woman remarked between dabs, “but he's shown good judgment in picking winners, so far. Maybe he has found another.” “If Berson only had a name I wouldn’t feel so shaky,” Hillerman grumbled. “Now, John,” Elsie retorted, “sup- pose Mr. Mason had never given you aSWITCHING THE SPOTLIGHT leading part until after you had made J a name. Would you ever get it?” "Oh, well, you—er—you—see—” “Of course/’ she laughed' “I see. Real merit always will get to the top, eh? Perhaps this Berson has real merit.” “Don’t you feel shaky about the new piece ?” “No, I don’t!” Elsie was emphatic. “I’m sure the play is good and if it fails it will be mostly our fault. I’m a little nervous about myself, though.” “Get out,” Hillerman exclaimed in- credulously. “You nervous ? Why. that’s absurd!” “It isn’t, either. Perhaps you haven’t noticed how for the last two months that new spotlight man has been star- ing at me all during the performances.” “You mean Butler?” Hillerman asked. “I’ve noticed he seemed a bit cracked.” “Sometimes, John, it makes me feel creepy when I look up and see those dark eyes glaring at me.” “Forget it,” Hillerman laughed. “I should think you’d be used by this time to having men fall in love with you and look as if they wanted to devour you. Sometimes I get that bad about you, myself.” She evaded his admiring glance, ignored the compliment, and returned to the spotlight man, asking: “Do you know anything about him ?” “Not a thing, except that Mason lets him keep the job—and that he evidently has good taste.” “Please don’t be foolish, John,” she said simply. “I’m serious about this. I feel sorry for Butler. I’ve talked with him a few times and he seems like a gentleman. But I don’t like the way he stares at me, and if he does it to-night I’m afraid I’ll make some bad slip-ups in my work.” The call boy’s voice came to them, telling them to get ready for the curtain, and John spoke hurriedly as they 'eft the dressing room. “Don’t worry, Elsie. I’ll look after this Butler.” There was a threatening note in his voice that caused Elsie to drop her hand on his arm. Hillerman laughed curtly. “Don’t be afraid. There 609 wont be any row. Besides,” he added g ad that she was so concerned atom an right ” 1 ^ ‘ake Care 0f They separated, John hurrying to the other side of the stage. They did not see each other again until their first entrance, simultaneously, from opposite sides, Elsie as Lady Marie, rushing into tne arms of John as The Gallant Cava- lier upon his sudden return from a dan- gerous mission. The new play went with a rush from the very first moment, and the interest of the audience increased continually until the house was charged with en- thusiasm. This inspired every member of the company to try to put on more steam and get better results, and when the curtain went down at the end of the first act, Manager Mason—who also acted as stage director—assured them that it was the best work they had ever done. The last act brought the audience to their feet and the people were waving handkerchiefs and shouting when the final curtain was rung down, to go up and down repeatedly. While the mem- bers of the company were bowing and smiling, and the audience were clapping their hands and shouting. Butler stood in the wings, his eyes fastened greedily upon the leading woman, his fingers clenched, his feet beating a nervous tat- too on the floor. While the curtain was in midair, the spotlight man darted for- ward, grasped Elsie in his arms and kissed her several times, exclaiming: “God, how beautiful you are!” The audience gasped and quieted im- mediately. Hillerman and others sprang upon Butler and pulled him back into the wings as the curtain dropped. Elsie did not scream, but her face grew white and then reddened with shame and an- ger. Mason rushed to her side, but before he could speak she turned and cried to Hillerman: “Don’t hurt him, John! Hes mad- The audience were shouting for Miss Norman, and Manager Mason realized that another sight of her. unharme , would be necessary to avert a possible panic. He ordered the curtain raised and he and Elsie stood alone on the610 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM stage. As she, calling to her aid all her art. bowed and smiled as though nothing unpleasant had happened, the quick-witted manager addressed the audience: “You must pardon the impetuous joy of the author, over the success of his first plav and the wonderful man- ner in which Miss Norman contributed to that success.” The people cheered as Elsie turned and stared at Mason. He, with a depre- catory smile, explained: “There was no other way out of it, Miss Norman. Besides,” Mason grinned, “I think that little speech of mme will make this play live quite a bit longer 1 call it a good bit of quick thinking on my part.” “But the real author, Mr. Berson” she gasped, “what will he say?” “1 don’t care,” Mason laughed. “He brought it on himself for keeping in the background. False modesty. I’ve told him. I'll make it all right with him, though.” “What will you do with Butler?” she asked, with evident interest. “Don’t you think he ought to be fired bodily—if some one hasn't already done it?” “No, don’t do that!” Elsie stopped him as he started savagely away. “Let’s talk with him awhile. Perhaps he is in trouble.” “Well,” Mason laughed, “I would think 1 was in trouble if I stood in his place. Come along, we'll see what's left of him.” They found Butler, Hillerman and another member of the company in Ma- son’s office. The spotlight man was the calmest of the three, and seemed obliv- ious of the presence of the others as he gazed into space. The others were re- lieved when Miss Norman and Mason appeared. “Please let me throw him out, Elise.” Hillerman pleaded. She did not answer but turned and spoke quietly to the man: “Mr. Butler, don’t you think you owe me an apology ?” He laughed softly. “1 owe you more than an apology.” "Don’t be impudent,” Mason re- torted. “What explanation have you to give: “Very little,” Butler replied. “I just couldn't help it. That may he an expla- nation. I think it is a justification too. But I'm sorry—not sorry I did it, but sorry because it offended Miss Nor- man.” “Well, of all the nerve!” Hillerman was too indignant for more words and he stalked out, growling: “Excuse me, please. If I stay here another minute I’ll be tempted to do something rough.” "You’ll find me outside in a few min- utes,” Butler called to the leading man. “Here, stop that,” Mason interrupted. “No fighting around here. You expect to be discharged, Butler?” “I’d be surprised if I were not.” "Well, you’ll not get your surprise. You’re fired.” “Wait a moment, Mr. Mason.” Elsie, who had been examining Butler fur- tively, spoke nervously. “He doesn’t look like a bad man. Why not give him another chance?” “What!” Mason looked greatly sur- prised. “Why. Miss Norman, do you realize what you are saying?” “Yes,” her reply came softly, “I do, but I think Mr. Butler will promise to be good and not to do anything except his own work—and I believe he will keep his promise.” “You’ve got a lot more faith than I have then.” Mason retorted. “That's faith enough almost to move a whole mountain range.” “Wont you, Mr. Butler?” Elsie ignored Mason. The spotlight man’s face brightened. “Of course,” he said quickly, ‘TH promise and I’ll keep the promise—as long as you are here.” Elsie flushed, tossed her head and left. But Butler was retained, to the amazement of the players and the other employees and to the intense dis- gust of John Hillerman. Mason considered the opportunity too good to overlook. So the first stories that appeared in the newspapers about Berson and Miss Norman on the open- ing performance, were followed by ottiers, inspired by Mason and founded upon just as much fact. It was “good’SWITCHING THE SPOTLIGHT 611 for pages in the Boston papers and col- umns in outside papers. The press all over the country was soon telling how Berson, the young playwright, had be- come so smitten by Miss Norman’s charms that he had written “The Gal- lant Cavalier” especially for her; and it was rumored that the play would result in a w'edding. Hillerman was wild and Miss Nor- man put her foot down firmly as soon as she learned what wras being done. It was too late then, Mason explained. “We can’t stop the other papers from copying what has appeared,” he said. The fame of Elsie Norman and “The Gallant Cavalier” and its author spread rapidly. Miss Norman was bombarded with offers from other theatrical man- agers. The producers of plays started a frantic, but vain search for Berson. The author persistently refused to be known except through his play, and through his friend, Mason, who also attended to all of his theatrical business for him. “It’s a nuisance,” Mason explained to Elsie one night as they stood in the wings near the spotlight, “and if it wasn’t on account of our old friend- ship, I’d make Arthur come out and do his own work.” “But why doesn’t he ?” “Oh,” Mason laughed, “he’s still a bit shy. You see, he’s still wondering whether this piece has succeeded be- cause of its own merit or because of you. He wants to write another and see if he can repeat.” “The Gallant Cavalier” ran for ten weeks in Boston, a long run in those days. No further trouble was experi- enced from the vagaries of the spot- light man, who faithfully kept his prom- ise, although he continued to devour Miss Norman with his eyes. Hillerman, road with jealousy on account of Miss Norman’s increasing interest in the un- known Berson, vented his spite on But- ler. Miss Norman had grown so accus- tomed to the silent admiration of the spotlight man that it did not trouble her. When he was absent one night and Hillerman commented on the fact, she aroused the fury of the leading man by answering. “It’s funny, isn’t it, but I seem to act better when Butler is here. I miss V? ^ s absent.” d	• IJIll,erman replied shortly, “I a wav and	*Jad t0 have him f y* and ashamed to look him in the fa«erZ°rUS—a,fter 'yhat has happened.” he?n has behayed since then, hasn’t “Maybe you think so,” the leading man retorted. “Some people don’t seem to care who admires them.” “Mr Butler is at least a gentleman,” she replied with quiet dignity. Then Hillerman apologized and tried to win back the ground he thought he had lost, but when the company went to New York there existed a coolness between these two that became more and more noticeable as time wore on. When the company returned to Boston, Miss Norman remained in New’ York. This was an excuse for the newspapers to publish a story of another “shattered stage romance” on account of profes- sional jealousy. That both Miss Nor- man and Hillerman denied it seemed to make the papers more firm in their assurance that it was true. “The Gallant Cavalier” remained in New York until the end of the season and during the summer vacation Miss Norman was offered the principal role in a new play, “The Right Woman,” written, Mason informed her, by Ber- son especially for her. During the re- hearsals she frequently wished that she might consult with the author about certain points, but he persisted in keep- ing hidden, and communicated his ideas to her either through Mason or by let- ter, the letter route gradually being given the preference. That fall, “The Right Woman” was produced and was as big a success as “The Gallant Cavalier.” both the play and Miss Norman’s personal work. It ran until after the holidays, and at the first of the year Mason decided to take the company, headed by Miss Norman, on a tour of the country, to play both of the Berson pieces. It was a triumphal tour, but when the Pacific coast was reached, the leading man. Tom Mar- shall, became ill. He struggled bravely to continue his work but the strain was too great. When Mason saw that Mai-612 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM shall could not keep going he began a frantic search for a man to take his place. Just before they reached San Francisco, he received a telegram from Berson, which partly reassured him and at the same time gave him more cause for worry. Berson wired: Am still looking for another leading man, but in the meantime 1 will play the part. Will be on hand Monday right. Keep Tom going until then. Elsie’s excitement spread to the rest of the company and became more tense as the hour for Berson’s appearance drew nearer. He could not reach San Francisco before six o’clock Monday evening and would be forced to hurry in order not to delay the performance, Mason left the stage manager in charge of things and went to the station to meet Berson; he left orders that every- thing should proceed exactly as usual, with Tom's substitute ready to play the part of The Cavalier in case Berson failed to appear on time Half an hour before time for the cur- tain to be rung up, Elsie, her make-up complete except for a few little touches, opened the door of her dressing room and asked the stage manager if Mr. Berson had arrived. “No,” he replied curtly. “Train must have been late. Now, don’t get excited, Miss Norman. This play will go right along, even if Tom is too sick to work and even if Berson does fail to show up.” Five minutes later, Mason, accom- panied by a stranger, rushed through the stage door and hurried to Tom’s dressing room. In another thirty seconds everyone about the stage knew that Berson had arrived. At ten min- utes after eight, Mason went to Miss Norman to reassure her. “Keep calm, Elsie,” he said, “every- thing's all right. You’ll not be disap- pointed in Berson. I’m sure, but you musn’t get so excited that you will dis- appoint him.” “How can I keep from being excited ? Who could, under the circumstances?” “Well,” Mason laughed, “get just as excited as you want to, but for Heav- en's sake don’t lose your head.” The call boy passed, crying “First act, first act,” and Miss Norman started to her feet, peered at the half darkened stage and shook her head. Then she saw a figure emerge from Tom’s dress- ing room and come and stand in the wings. Dressed in the gay costume of The Cavalier, she could not determine at that distance and in the dim light, how he looked. The bell tingled; the orchestra struck up the opening eight bars and she tapped the floor with the toe of her shoe. The stage was flooded with light; the curtain went up and she started on, keeping step with The Ca- valier, coming from the opposite direc- tion. The action of the play demanded that she should not look up until within a pace of The Cavalier, and that then she should utter a startled cry of love and surprise, but she had great difficulty in adhering to this course. Twice as she walked toward the center of the stage she tried to glance up through her eye- lashes at the approaching author-actor, but could see no higher than his chin. When she came within a step of him she stopped, looked up, gave a gasp of genuine surprise and joy and fell into the outstretched arms of—Butler, the spotlight man. When the performance was over, Mason and all the other members of the company assured Elsie that she had never played so well, with such bril- liancy and life and buoyancy, that she had never seemed so thoroughly carried away by love for her art. But an hour later, after the author had explained, for the tenth time, that lie had taken the position of spotlight man in order to study the technique of the stage—so that he could write a play especially for her, she admitted, smiling through her tears, that her good work had not been due entirely to love for her art alone. Mason was the best man—with a grin.MyJfort Successful Pay ^ Henry BIo^oiil IT IS difficult sometimes, for a play- wright to decide just which is his best production, for the reason that so many things enter into the equa- tion that he has to think for a while before making up his mind. The box- office is considered the best judge, of course, and yet many authors have felt that their most deserving efforts have not had justice at that supreme and final court. However, in my case I would not dispute its decision, and quite agree that “Mile. Modiste” is the best stage product of which I have so far been guilty as author. It was written five years ago. and followed “Checkers” and “The Yan- kee Consul.” At that time, I was liv- ing in a little bachelor apartment on Thirtieth Street, New York City. The play and the musical comedy just mentioned had both been very suc- cessful. and it was only natural that something else should follow. The 613614 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM playwright who succeeds in one ef- fort, does not have to go about look- ing for managers: they come to him. And so it was in my case. One day I received a call from Mr. Charles Dil- lingham. who asked if I would write the book and lyrics for another mu- sical comedy. He told me that Mad- am Fritzi Scheff was under con- tract to him and that he wanted a starring vehicle for her. I agreed to do the work, and after talking the matter over with Mr. Dillingham and Madam Scheff, we decided to take a trip to Europe together, for the pur- pose of gathering the right material and putting it in shape in circum- stances that would make it agreeable to all. Madam Scheff wanted the scenes laid in Paris as she preferred the modern atmosphere and gowns; and so to Paris we went. In the meantime, I had outlined the plot in my mind, and as we traveled about, I began to fill it in. The situa- tion, by the way, in which the poor working girl is loved by the man of rank and wealth, is always a good one for the stage, particularly when the man of high degree, in the end, has to get down on his knees and be- seech the girl to marry him. It never fails to get the gallery, and of course if you can get them, you’ve got the house. In “Mile. Modiste,” this idea was used, and it proved a very suc- cessful situation. At that time, Mad- am Scheff did not speak English very fluently, and I had to use lan- guage to which her vocabulary was suited. This is very evident in the manuscript, where the words, and also the sentences, are noticeably short. I wrote the lines as we went along, and after I had finished a bit of dialogue or a verse meant for her, would submit it to her to read ,* and if there was anything in it that she did not like, or to which her articulation was not equal, it was cut out or changed. In that way, the greater part of the book was written while we were in Paris. The balance—with the lyrics—was finished at Saratoga, where I went to collaborate with Victor Herbert on the musical num- bers. I do not wish to give the impres- sion that all of my dramatic efforts have been as easily placed as was “Mile. Modiste.” “Checkers,” my first attempt at stage work, was not in that class. It was written while I was in my father’s insurance office in St, Louis, and afterward, when I began the business of trying to interest a manager in it, I hawked it around Broadway for three years, before find- ing one who was willing to give it a trial. Then this manager wanted to put an actor in the title role who was under contract to him, but as I did not think he was the right one for the part, I refused the offer. I remember telling George Broadhurst about it at the time. “What’s the matter with you?” said he. “Are you crazy? Do you mean to tell me that you have re- fused an offer to have your play pro- duced?” “What’s the use,” I argued, “if it will only be a failure? Better far, have no production.” Then I went back to the business of ped- dling it again, until it got to be a joke in the Lambs’ Club. Whenever I went in,, they would laugh and say: “Here’s Blossom with ‘Checkers’ un- der his arm, as usual.” But the wait- ing was not in vain, for when Kirk LaShelle finally did produce the play, it was an instantaneous success. Then came “The Yankee Consul.” That, by the way, was not the orig- inal name. I had intended the hero to be a big, bluff, manly naval officer who went about everywhere setting things straight, and I had named it “The Lieutenant Commander.” But when Mr. Savage saw it, he said he wanted it for a starring vehicle for Raymond Hitchcock, and that the part of the Consul, which at that timeMY MOST SUCCESSFUL PLAY 615 was a secondary part, was the one in which he wanted him to appear, and asked if I could build it up so as to make it the principal role. This was done, and the name changed from “The Lieutenant Commander,” to “The Yankee Consul.” I had got the idea in the first place, from looking through a Rand, McNally guide- book. I was after some location re- mote and different in atmosphere from any that had hitherto been used in comic opera, and finally hit on Hayti. Then I remembered that the inhabitants there were colored, and knew that wouldn’t do, so I looked a little further and found San Do- mingo. That had a Spanish ring and so it was decided on. The choice proved a good one, for “The Yankee Consul” was successful and is still playing. This is aside from the subject of my best play, but it has to do with the process of building a comic opera, and is an instance of the changes that are made before it reaches the pub- lic. The writer of musical comedy has anything but his own way in the con- struction of the piece, and for that reason it is the most unsatisfactory kind of effort. Personally, I have been very fortunate—not having had any failures. But at that, the work is disappointing for the reason that so many practical things necessary to the production interfere with the au- thor’s preferred idea of the book. In the first place, everyone concerned with the piece has something to do with its construction. Possibly the manager likes it and says he will produce it, but he has a few stipula- tions : he wants the second act laid in Palm Beach instead of the North Pole, as you had originally written it, because he has an expensive setting of Palm Beach left over from some- thing that has just failed, and he wants to use it instead of buying new. Then possibly he will say to you: “Now I have engaged So and So because he does a wonderfully funny fall that always makes a hit with the audience, and I want him in the piece.” It may be that “So and bo can neither act nor sing, but just the same you have got to put in something for him to do. And so it goes. There may be others on the manager’s pay-roll who must be looked after; he has contracts with them, and must supply them with something to do, and it is only nat- ural, of course, that he should expect your vehicle to cover their wants as much as possible. And so it is neces- sary to make it over to suit their various specialties and requirements. Then, after you have rearranged the book to suit all the stipulated re- quirements, the time comes for re- hearsal. After having made so many changes, you feel that you would like to have the piece appear as you had finally got it together, and you have hopes. Not for long, though. The manager is sitting down in front, the book in hand. Suddenly he decides that the pages between eight and eighteen must be cut out. The author attempts to protest, but it is of no use. The manager doesn’t even stop to use a pencil. “Where’s a pin—give me a pin!” he cries. “There!" And be- fore you have time to mention your contract, ten pages of your book have gone to oblivion; the leaves are pinned together—“cut”—and that’s an end to them. It’s of no use to pro- test. Of course you can take your manuscript and go home, but then you don’t. You remember that you have spent six months of your time on the piece and that after all. the ob- ject is to see it on the stage, and so you let it go as the manager wants it. Then there is the stage manager and the leading woman. Possibly they will not like your favorite verses, and what’s the answer? They are cut out. Finally you come to the616 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM opening night. The leading woman is thinking of her voice; the stage manager is wondering if his choruses are going to work properly, and, well, maybe the composer is in the house, and then the orchestra puts on double steam, and the lines are the last things that get any attention. So. I say, the making of a musical com- edy is both complex and heart-break- ing, for the librettist, and the best he gets is the worst of it. The writing of “Mile. Modiste” took about six months’ time. I usual- ly write the book, which takes about three months, and leave holes for the lyrics. That allows three months for the verses. The lyrics are usually written before the music, though this is not always the case. Sometimes Mr. Herbert will say: “I have a little air that I think a good deal of, and would like to have you work it in somewhere if you can." and then I go ahead and write the jingles to it. Some of my most successful songs have been written in this way. “Mile. Modiste” was written first in pencil, as that is the way all of my writing is done. And after comple- tion in this way, it was dictated to a stenographer. I do not make out a regular scenario, but have a play clearly mapped out in my mind be- fore beginning to write. Once I neg- lected to do this, and the result is, that the play has never been finished. Apropos of the disappointments that a librettist has in seeing his work produced, one very important point was not mentioned. It is this: those who take part successfully in musical comedy, must be unusually accomplished—they must be able to sing, dance, and act; to find all of this ability well developed in one person, is, of course, expecting a good deal, and those who are so fortunately pos- sessed, command such high salaries that if the entire cast of a musical comedy were of this class, the cost would be prohibitive. However, I am not complaining, as I have been un- usually fortunate, in the interpreters of my work. “Mile. Modiste” played to capacity for more than two years at the Knickerbocker Theatre in New York, and is still playing on the road. An elaborate production of it is to be made in London, this fall, by Mr. F. C. Whitney, who has had such a great success there with "The Chocolate Soldier.” It is his purpose, also, to produce “The Red Mill,” later, in London. This piece, by the way, was the second musical play that I wrote for Mr. Dillingham, in collaboration with Victor Herbert, and I had been near to naming it as my most suc- cessful work, for with the able aid of Montgomery & Stone it was a tre- mendous hit from every standpoint —popular, artistic, financial. But “Mile. Modiste”—well, if I am to be remembered by just one libretto, let it be that!STERN, the manager of the show, suddenly grew tired of leaning up against the iron railing around the entrance to the auditorium. Wallace Stern was only a little man, yet that iron railing swayed and trembled under the weight of his ninety pounds. For five minutes more, he sat on the long tin box where the tickets of the incom- ing audience were deposited (providing there were any audience or tickets) but he soon tired of that too and shuffled along the cheap, dusty, imitation marble floor, starred with tobacco juice. Extremely restless seemed the afore- said Wallace Stern, manager, advance- agent, press representative and, more often than not, ticket-taker for the “Darton Repertoire Company.” He leaned now against the door jamb, looking out into the night. Out of the semi-blackness, a lurid red glow shone, far ahead of him, ac- companied by the far away buzz of voices, the muffled beating of drums and the blare of brass instruments. "Humph!” he growled. "Just like old Richards to book us here in opposition to a County Fair. We get Prescott, Canada, on Washington’s Birthday and Orangeburg, South Carolina, on Lin- coln’s. Where do we get off!” He continued to stare towards the of- fending fair grounds in question, his parchment-like face, seared with many lines, drawn into no pleasant expres- sion. Footsteps along the board side- walk had made him think that "Some- body had nerve enough to come to the show,” when those footsteps developed into a trimly built, exaggeratedly dressed woman. She jumped at sight of him and called, out of breath: "Oh Lord, Wally! You scared me stiff standing there like that!” “How so, Milly?” Stern grunted. Don’t I alius stand like this in front o’ the house? Gee, by the look of it, 1 11 be the only one standing, take it from me 1” "No,” she answered vaguely. “You looked like you did that other time.’* Stern jumped as though he had seen a ghost. 617618 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM “Gee Milly!” he whispered. “I was thinkin’ o’ him all day." He looked up and down the dark street, although he knew there was not a soul there— looked, as if he feared some shadow would take on human form and spring out at him. “How long is it, Milly?” “A year to-day Wally—yes, an’ it was near here, too.” There was a long pause while nothing was heard but their own deep breathing and the far away drums, voices and blares of brass. With a weird sputter, the arc lamp over their heads burst into light. Each was frightened by the sight of the other’s face. Another pause; then: “So long, Wally—I gotta make up.” “So long Milly—see you after the show." She smiled at him, turned the corner of the brick building and was gone. Stern thrust his hands deep into his trousers pockets, jingling the twenty- seven cents therein. That smile of Milly’s made it seem like that many dol- lars. Heigho! There were many smiles like that for him—but no more. He kicked a shoe heel with the toe of the other. “Gee!” he murmured, half aloud, “it’s funny I’m thinking of her old man all day an’ she should be too. A year to- day—how' I wish somethin’ would turn up.” Something did—but not what Mr. Stern had reference to. A long-armed “Rube” with his “Sally” on his arm, sidled up to the box-office and purchased two orchestra seats—for thirty cents. In his wake came two more pleasure- seeking farm hands and it was not long before Wallace Stern was mechanically “takin’ tickets” before the afore-men- tioned iron railing and thrusting them into the aforesaid long tin box. But his mind was far from his task. Try as he might, the thought process always reverted to that night a year ago, when the husband of Mildred Kim- ball went out of sight of all mankind— or all that was theatrical of mankind. Where was he? Was he dead? Was he crazed ? Surely no man could very well withstand such a shock without it af- fecting him. No one had heard of him— no one had seen him. A year ago to- day ! Wasn’t there some law that after a husband had been gone for a year, the wife could divorce him? Was there—or had he dreamed it? He—by gad—he would marry Milly Kimball to-morrow —to-night, if she’d so much as give him a hint. Why—but there was w'ork now. Two blanketed Indians with flannel shirts and trousers underneath, were standing impressively before him. One held out a greasy, grimy hand, palm up- ward. “Lord,” remarked Stern to himself, “I thought they were wooden. I was looking for the cigar store.” Ninety- pound Mr. Stern must be indeed rattled to lose his sense of humor. Aloud now, to the staring, grim-visaged aboriginal: “What’s the matter, Chief—what d’ye want?” The Indian drew himself to his full height, pulled his blanket closer and answered with much dignity: “Give money—show heap rotten!” The other copper-faced fellow nod- ded his head. “Looka here, Chief,” said Stern au- thoritatively. “You haven’t seen all of it. There’s shootin’ in the next act. Go on in and sit down.” The Indians grunted and drew down their mouth corners, but allowed Stem to push them back through the door. He knew very well there was to be no shooting to delight them. Still, sixty cents was—sixty cents, these troublous times. Stern looked long at the stage. The curtain was up and Milly had just made her entrance. He thought she looked “swell” in her lavender dress, al- though he had seen her make it and knew it to be made of paper muslin and second-hand chiffon. Still her Lady Isa- bel was ideal to him. He had seen many —“East Lynne” had followed him far and wide—he had seen this one thou- sands of times. It is doubtful if the au- thor of the play knew it half so well as he did. Yet he stood there watching this one for the thousandth and first time, his thin little hand holding the door be- hind him half open, his ideal Lady Isa- bel—yea, his ideal woman! When the first act was almost over,KIMBALL’S COME BACK he turned about to go into the box- otnce. Business was business and though he knew the receipts would be meager enough, they must be counted and a "statement" sent in. He had gone but half way across the floor of the dirty lobby, when his hand came to his throat and a horrible in- take of his breath went quivering through his parched lips. For there, in the flickering, sput- tering light of the arc lamp, a puzzled expression on his face, he stood—Milly, Kimball’s husband! For fully two minutes they stood staring at each other, the little man- ager’s face still expressing infinite ter- ror. The other man’s eyes were still puzzled; then he tilted back a battered slouch hat. The manager saw his hair was white, a new thing in that year. The man smiled. “Hello Stern/'’ he said in a far away voice. “Am I in time?5’ As if it worked on a rusty hinge, Stern’s head went up and down, nod- ding assent. The man turned the corner of the brick building and was gone in the darkness beyond. For a moment Wallace Stern stood there in the identical position he had assumed on seeing Kimball. Then, like a stopped machine that has suddenly been set agoing with double power, he darted by the wall and down the long, dim alley. Kimball had just reached the stage door. It had hardly banged behind him when Stem opened it again and was on the stage. They were “setting” the stage for the second act. There was the usual raucous shouting, swearing and bustle, the usual swirling of dust clouds. Kimball was standing by the switch- board, sniffing. Stern saw him smile again, turn and mount the rickety wooden stairs. On stealthy feet, Stern followed him. The man turned to the right, pushed open a door and went in- to the dressing-room. For a moment the little manager hesi- tated again. Quickly swallowing the lump that swelled to his throat, he opened the door. If it were possible, the face pf the 619 actor in the chair was almost the coun- terpart of Stern’s in wild-eyed terror Me was gazing open-eyed at Kimball— who, m a business-like manner, was taking off coat, waistcoat, collar and tie. .rn caught the actor’s eve and motioned him outside. There on the landingthey whispered: My God Stern! Is it Jimmy Kim- ball or his ghost?” "I dunno—search me—I dunno!” “What’s he goin’ to do?” “I dunno!” The actor peeked through the crack in the door. “Say, Stern,” he whispered, turning again to the little manager, “What d’ye think? He’s makin’ up!” “Let him alone—that’s all,” Stern answered thickly. “Let him alone.” “But see here, old man,” the actor .whined, “I gotta change for this next act—what—” “Borrow somebody else’s stuff,” Stern replied. “What’ll she say? Let ’im alone, I tell yer, or you’ll queer it!” Poor little Stone had to hold on to the balustrade on his way down the stairs. They swayed beneath him as if he were drunk. He kept on though, till he came to a door with a rude star daubed on it. With a trembling hand he knocked. “Who is it?” came Milly’s voice. “I’m hookin’ up my dress.” “It’s—it’s on’y me!” Stern was frightened by the sound of his own voice. A few agonizing moments and Milly Kimball opened the door. She was smiling as she did so; but the sight of Stem’s face changed her expression. The little manager came trembling into the dingy, draughty room, closing the door after him. Without the prelimina- ries of either removing his hat or sit- ting down, he croaked hoarsely: “He’s here I” There was no need for explanation. That “He’s here” was fraught with every emotion the pent up soul of the little manager was capable of. The make-up on Milly Kimball s face hid the sudden whiteness that came there. “When did he come ?” she asked with terrible calmness.620 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM “ 'Bout fifteen minutes ago/’ replied Stern. ‘•What's lie doin' ? ' “Makin’-up.” “Where ?" “Up 'n Tommy’s room.” The orchestra was already playing the strain that she knew took up the curtain. She caught hold of Stern by the arm and whispered: “Find out what he’s makin' up for—- keep him in the dressin’ room, Wally.” The trouble with most people, Wal- lace Stern found, was that they didn’t realize how hard was the task they were imposing on him. It was one thing to wait in the cold, bleak station to make sleeper arrangements, another to beat down a landlord two dollars a day on a hotel bill. But this—to help a man that had come, as if from the tomb, to rob him of all he held dearest. But he did it! He didn’t remember how, yet it was done somehow. One thing that puzzled him was Kimball’s answer to one of his questions. The question was: “Where’ve you been keepin’ yerself, Jim?” To which, the returned Kimball had replied: “Where—why I left you this afternoon at the station.” So that was it—the whole year was a blank and Jim Kimball thought the whole thing was taking place, this day, a year back! After the next act he told this to Milly. She seemed to ignore it, or as if she already knew it, and asked: “What’s he makin’ up for, Wally, answer me that?” “It looks like Mon’seer Duval t’ me.” She caught her lip in her finger a moment, then glanced up at him quick- ly, saying: “What scene was it, Wally?” “I don't get you, Milly,” he answered vaguely. “Don’t stand there starin’ at me,” she went on with a stamp of her foot. “What scene was it?” “What scene when?” “When it happened?” “I—I—dunno, Milly.” She caught him by both shoulders and shook him. “Tell me the scene,” she almost screamed. “Tell me the scene" “The one in the second act,” he man- aged to blurt out at last. “The big one ’tween you an’ him.” “All right—set the stage for it.” “Now? Gee, Milly. there’s an act o’ this to run yet.” “But after, you bonehead—you can set it after, can’t you ?” As usual, Wallace Stern complied. He spent the remainder of that act keeping a puzzled Kimball in his dress- ing-room and bribing unwilling stage hands to stay another half hour and set. Like all else that wras disagreeable to him, he did it. The last “Rube” had filed out through the iron railing. The orchestra had blared out the exit march and had begun now to pack up their instru- ments. The last curtain had fallen and the front doors banged shut. Yet slow- ly that curtain rose again, revealing an “interior set,” with a woman seated on a cheap divan. That woman was Milly Kimball. She read a few lines and then there stalked upon the stage, a tall man in a frock coat, high hat and complete afternoon dress. He wore the conven- tional “sideboards" and glasses of the road Monsieur Duval. His manner, though nervous, was impressive. Then followed as strange a scene as has ever been played within the walls of a theatre. There was the woman, reading her lines, while her soul was in a turmoil, for she knew she was fight- ing for the return of a man’s memory. The man was fighting for that mem- or3' too. though he knew it not. And the single auditor, torn by love on one side, by duty and former friendship on the other—poor little W'allace Stern! Suddenly Kimball stopped dead. His wife was watching him and Stem saw she was trembling. This was the cru- cial test then! Kimball threw out his anus and cried out: “Tell them to play the orchestra— don’t crowd, gentlemen—women and children first. God—the smoke! Get her out, Stern. Don’t mind me—look out for Milly!” He stopped again. What thoughtsKIMBALL’S COME BACK must have run riot through the brain of a little man and a woman 1 Kimball looked at his wife; then, with an ani- mal-like cry, he rushed over and caught her in his arms. Wallace Stern, manager, advance- agent, press representative and, more often than not, ticket-taker for the ‘‘Darton Repertoire Company,” did not stay long watching that sobbing, laugh- ing, hysterical pair. All he knew was that there had been a fire in a theatre and everyone had been saved but Jim 621 Kimball. Where Kimball had been what he had done, didn't matter, .through this simple ruse, he had re- gained both memory and identity—aye and the wife who feared he was dead’ All that was a year ago. Now they were together again, while he— He knew what he, Wallace Stern, had to do. There was the scenery to be put aboard the car; and Danny, the car- penter, was sick. He was only a little man, but he had to help. And he did it. LCmbl?y W DONALD MORRIS JONES MY FAT FRIEND GETS A BAD ATTACK OF FOOT-LIGHT; ’TIS AFTER SEEING A FORTUNE TELLER HIS fat face aglow with the royal flush that comes from contact with a good stiff wind, Gabby blew into my office. It was just after the big snow fall. I make mention of the snow because my pleated-bosom friend brought in with him considerable of the chocolate mixture that parades as beau- tiful snow along the principal thorough- fares in New York. Gabby brought it in with him, clinging to his shoes. He pro- ceeded to spread the mixture of mud and snow over our nice green rug, stamping his Trilbies with great vigor. He unwrapped a thick, near-wool muf- fler from around his alabaster throat, divested himself of the horse blanket, called by courtesy an overcoat, and waved me a “good morning.” The ease and nonchalance with which my heavy-weight friend takes possession of a place, or assumes full charge of a conversation, are two of the things that certainly get upon my nerves. But, after an effort, I stifled my inclination to bounce a book off his head, and asked: “Where have you been the last cou- ple of weeks, Mr. Boob?” “I was over in Philadelphia, learning to play draw poker in the art school,” he retorted flippantly. “Say, nix on that ancient comedy about the Quaker vil- lage being anchored to the Delaware River. It is one fussy little burg, and don’t you go to sleep thinking the streets will be covered with moss when you awaken.” “You said the same sort of thing, aft- er you came back from Cohoes," I re- minded Gabby. “As nearly as I can 622GABBY GOES ON TI'lE STAGE 623 figure out your system, it amounts to just this. If some come-on falls for an invitation to have you spend a week or **0 in his company, you think the place he lives in is a sort of earthly paradise. You’re a sure thing guy, you are.” "Slow up, Steve,” exclaimed Gabby. •'I didn’t honor you with a call to have you give me an illustrated lecture on my personal weaknesses. “You’ve been talking so fast and say- ing- so much, that I’ve almost forgotten what I blew in to tell you.” "Then you have something to say?” “Sure I have. I came in to tip you oft* to the big tidings.” “I suppose you have got in Dutch with the cops again?” “Oh, no, fair friend, nothing so harsh as that. But you’ll never guess what is going to happen.” “All right, spill the beans,” I suggest- ed. “What is it? I suppose some one died and left you a bunch of cigar cou- pons.” Gabby looked at me for half a min- ute ;then: “I went and had my fortune told.” “You went and did what?” I de- manded. “Had my fortune told,” he replied, calmly, puffing away. “Well, Mr. Mutton, I always did think your mainspring was on the bias. Now, I'm sure of it. You must be going dips. So Old Lumber Top had his cute little fortune told, did he?” “Yes,” snapped Gabby. “But if you think you’re going to make a hippo- drome out of this, there’s no good rea- son for me telling you anything about it.” “Oh, go on and recite your piece. I might as well hear the rest of your harrowing tale.” And I forthwith set- tled back in my chair. “Coming back from Philadelphia a couple of days ago,” he began, “I un- wrapped fifty centimes extra for the privilege of resting my feet on the cush- ions in the palace car, with the rest of the bloated bondholders.” “Certainly is some class to you, little one,” I murmured. “The coupon they slipped me called for chair number twelve. I rolled aboard the luxury wagon and permitted the sunburned gent to slap my benny and bonnet in the gilt rack, and then planted myself m the plush seat.” “You were acting almost like a hu- man being/ I suggested. He went on. “We were beginning to hit only the high places, before I got my bearings and began taking a squint around.” “Trying to do a little flirting?” “No, nothing like that. I just wanted to get a line on the sort of mob that was stabled in the car with me. In the chair next to me, I piped a queen.” “A good looker, eh? I suppose you are going to tell me you made a play for her, and just as things were begin- ning to look real chummy, her husband blew in from the smoker and bounced a suit-case off your dome?” “Nix. There wasn’t no husband. She was a nice, friendly dame, and before we had gone very many miles, we were buzzing together just as though I had been raised in the same family as her. She was some dainty pippin,” sighed Gabby. “Well, what are you going to tell me ? Did you take her to dinner and find out that you didn’t have the price of the pork and beans with you, and had to leave your Waterbury to make good on the food check?” “No, but after we had been chatter- ing for about fifteen minutes, I dis- covered she was a fortune teller.” “Ah! The plot thickens. I suppose she was ducking the Phillie cops and was hunting a new tent for her talent and skill on Manhattan Isle?” “For Heaven’s sake, clamp down your lever. Throw off the gears and give me .a listen, will you. This dame was some class. She was clever. She told my fortune, down to a dot. She told me I should go on the stage.’ “What?” I demanded, incredulously. “Go on the stage? You?” This was too much for me. I let out a yell that must have been heard a block away. I had never, m my wildest imaginings, pictured my old trouble- fiuder as a budding Hamlet. It seemed too foolish.	. rf-oMw “Yep,” sturdily persisted uabD>.624 THE GREEK BOOK ALBUM “She said the lines in my hand clearly indicated I would be a great success as an actor. In fact, she said she couldn't believe that I wasn’t already on, and that she thought I was some famous comedian, whose name she couldn’t remember.” “And you believed all this?” “And why not? I’m human, aint I? I don’t see that these other guys behind the footlights have any more right than I have to believe they can act.” “And so you’re going to be a little actor ?” “That’s the ticket, and that’s the rea- son I came down here to see you.” “Where am 1 supposed to come in?” “I want you to help me get started,” he replied. “You know a whole raft of these vaudeville agents. I am rehearsing my act now, and all you’ll have to do will be to get me a date at one of the small houses, to break the act in. It will be easy sailing after that, and then we can go out and grab the big time.” “Are you completely nuts? It seems to me your brains must be leaking away by the minute.” But just the same I was beginning to realize that the Stout Per- son was evidently very much in earnest. “I've had a go at about everything else. Now, I might as well have a ses- sion at elevating the drammer.” And he smiled broadly. “All right, Gabby,” I said. “If you’ve really got your mind made up. I’ll help you get off to a fast start. What man- ner of dazzling exhibition do you pro- pose giving? A tight-rope walking act, an exhibition of the black art, or bari- tone selections from grand opera?” “You’re kidding yourself now," grunted Gabby. “I’m going to do noth- ing more or less than a single talking and singing act, to run about twelve minutes—and believe me, pal, it is going to be some act, even if I do say so my- self, as shouldn’t.” “I see; you are going to tell comical stories that will make the audience fall out of their seats? I dare say, it will be a riot. Well, if you’re in earnest, I'll run over and see Joe McMasters. He books a flock of these small time dumps and I guess he’ll be able to fix you up. When will you be ready to go on?” “I’m about ready now, but we’d bet- ter start off on a Monday. Let’s see, this is Wednesday, isn’t it?” Well, then, suppose \.e say next Monday.” “Right you are, actor,” I replied, smilingly. “And I’m to tell Joe that you w'ill do twelve minutes of song and story. Am I right?” “Yep, that’s the dope. Tell him, too, that I’ve got a monologue that will have them cheering for more. And, as for songs, why, I’ve got a couple—well, there’s absolutely nothing to it—every one of them is a sure-fire hit.” “You talk like a vaudeville guy al- ready,” I remarked, as I arose, put on my overcoat and hat, and made a bee line for Joe McMasters’ office. The upshot of my visit was that Joe readily agreed with me that the best way in which to cure Gabby, was to let him try himself out before an audi- ence. If he made good, all right; if not, then curtain! Often I have sat in a theatre and wit- nessed the humiliation of some trusting amateur aspirant, endeavoring to con- vince an audience of wisenheimers that he was the real all-wool-and-a- yard-wide comical cuss. However, I de- termined to wait until Young Beefo had had a chance to show what he could do, before deciding whether I must order a mourning band to wear on my arm. You know there are someGABBx GOES ON THE STAGE	6?5 mighty strange tilings happen in the show world. Not the least strange are the accidental and unexpected hits made by ginks who have been pre-judged dubs without a chance to get by. Joe arranged a three day tryout for Gabby at the Arctic Music Hall. This Giggle Temple was formerly an iron foundry, but, by indulging in a wild campaign of plaster cast and staff work, the lessees managed to convert it into a veritable Palace of Aladdin. During the remaining days of prepa- ration, Gabby had little to say. On the Big Monday I met him. He was calm- ness personified. His own confidence began working on me and I found my- self wondering whether, at that, lie might not have a good act and surprise us all. But my better judgment told me that it was only his own superlative gall and egotism that was holding him up. Gabby is certainly the Original Car- amel when it simmers down to a ques- tion of self-esteem. On the stage manager’s copy, Gabby was down to go on in the number three position. I had an early lunch and started up the White Alley to the Arctic Music Hall. I walked around the lobby, glancing casually over the pictures plastered about. I took a good long look at the frame wherein reposed the ro- tund and affable map of my adventur- ous pal. He seemed to look out of the frame with a glance that said, as plain as anything could be: “Watch me, kid ; I’m a bear.” They had billed Gabby something after this style: FIRST APPEARANCE of THE REAL GABBY Presenting a Clever Conceit of Mirth and Melody. Broadway's Beau Brummel Engaged At a Gigantic Salary! “I’ll bet Gabby wrote that billing himself,” I murmured to myself, as I dug and prepared to separate myself from the ten pennies required to gain legal admittance. If there is one particular thing in life that I confess to liking, it is moving pictures. I sure do dote on fighting the films and watching the shadow dramas. There is a sense of relief in knowing that the actors in the various picture plays are not going to assail your ears with bad diction, muffled enunciation, to say nothing to up-stage conversa- tion, that is rarely to be heard, and, when it is heard, is never to be under- stood. The only serious drawback to per- fect enjoyment at a picture show, is to be found in the presence of the persist- ent and inevitable musician. He or she is usually a ragtime pianist, who in- sists upon accompanying each picture, as it is shown on the screen, with a selected selection. Now, this arrangement probably would be O.K. were it not that the piano-teasing genius, as often as not. fails to fit the music to the picture. It is a common occurrence to hear Men- delssohn’s “Spring Song” badly macer- ated as the ever-willing keyboard-me- chanic pounds it out as his or her idea of a proper musical motif for a rough and tumtjle comedy scene, in which a film actor falls head first into a barrel of flour. Or. better still, or worse, as you may decide, an inspiring march tune is the ultimate word as the friend and companion of a picture depicting a group of people waltzing. Such de- tails of treatment may be unique, but they certainly are disconcerting. Out-626 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM side of such minor matters, however, the music that goes with moving pic- tures is generally all right. Once inside the Tent of Fun, I set- tled myself to await the coming of the Noblest Roman of Them All. First on the program was Mile. Muffler, a soubrette of good intentions but faulty execution. She just managed to get off the stage without inciting the gathering to a display of violence. Following Mile. Muffler, came the Re- nowned Professor Dogwalk, introduc- ing Ilis Group of Siberian Musk Oxen. There wasn’t much class to the Siberian Musk Cows, and they left, unhonored and unsung. After the cows had dis- appeared, the Management tossed off a batch of pictures that pleased the fancy of the multitude. Number Three! This magic numeral was put on the card by the budding back president who was acting as card boy. The piano-pounder played a late song over about a dozen times, but there was no indication that Gabby was about to burst into view. I began to wonder if the Stout Youth had lost his nerve and had backed out. I didn’t like to permit myself to think that he had been suddenly seized with a mad desire to see the Old Folks away down South in the State of Maine, and had grabbed the first train out. As a matter of fact, very unwillingly I was beginning to feel rather uncom- fortable and nervous about the welfare of the Mastodon. The audience, like- wise, even though they did not enjoy the advantage of personal acquaintance with my Pal, were beginning to give indications of dissatisfaction. Feet were beginning to pound the floor in heavy- soled, monotonous rhythm. Audible re- quests that the management produce the goods came from various quarters of the house, and there was a distinctly restless feeling that all was not well with Number Three! Just when it was beginning to look as though there would be a small sized riot unless something happened, and happened quickly, the Genial Stage Manager, Mr. Luke Tureen, walked on the stage. Luke raised his hand for silence. When the rumbling and chatter had died down sufficiently to permit his being heard, he addressed the assembled boobs, including the one who is penning these immortal lines. “Ladies and Gentlemen: I am goin* to ast you to be patient fer a minute or two. Mr. Gabby, who is Number T’ree on this all-star program, will positively appear. The delay was caused owin’ to him havin’ had a accident, owin’ to his galluses, or I should say, his suspenders breakin* down just as he wuz about to come on. However, the stage crew is helpin' him out, by tyin’ up his trousers with a piece of rope. Thankin’ you one and all fer your kind attention, I re- main.” And with this masterly finish to his oration, Luke bowed himself off as gracefully as a steam roller taking a sharp curve on a slippery street. He managed to hit the edge of the prosce- nium cn route, but did manage to dis- appear from view before anything seri- ous happened. The ^tiano lammer once more trailed off into Gabby’s opening number. Then, Presto! Our sterling athlete became visible to the naked eye. The fact that his trousers had tem- porarily suspended doing their regula- tion stunt, earned for him a demonstra- tion of approval and applause that fair- ly lived up to the regulation stock phrase of “raising the rafters.” As we have discussed Gabby’s gen- eral personal demeanor at length, on other occasions, it is hardly necessary that we go into details at this time. Let it suffice to say that Modest is not Gab- by’s middle name. He does not believe that you can paint the lily, or that any- one has anything on him. He is a strik- ing specimen of the genus Ego, and is always willing and ready to stand or fall of himself. But notwithstanding all this, it did not require the services of an expert to be able to detect that our Hearty Eater was flabbergasted. For once that easy confidence had gone a-glimmering. He stood, elephantine, in the center of the stage, shifting his feet and aimlessly flapping his pudgy arms. His chubby face had lost its usual human expres- sion and turned a dull pea green, asGABBY GOES ON THE STAGE could be seen with half an eye, even through the mass of make-up. And, as we are on the subject, permit us to direct attention to this make-up. As iii everything else, Gabby refuses to acknowledge that even the inventor of the process for applying grease paint could show him anything along those lines. And, as a result of this buoyant confidence, he had succeeded in so dis- figuring his face that even I had diffi- culty in recognizing him in his new disguise. But in spite of the fact that he was disguised—and believe me, it was a disguise—Gabby had turned pea green. The gentlemanly anvil expert who was acting as pianist, kept repeating the opening bars of Gabby’s first song. He played it for perhaps a full minute before the noise of Gabby’s reception died down and Our Plunging Vaude- villian had an opportunity to show, his gait. Finally, however, things did quiet down, and the operator of the ivories gave Gabby his cue to break into song. It would be far better and more char- itable could we draw the veil of sym- pathetic obscurity over what followed. But, jealous of our reputation as an accurate and truth-telling chronicler, we must proceed to dip deep the foun- tain pen and set down all that came forth on that day. During your lifetime, you have prob- ably noticed the manner of a child, about to enter a room, to have a session with a stern parent and a strap. If you have, then you know just how Gabby appeared at this momentous crisis in his career. And undoubtedly he felt the same way. I have said that the' piano man gave Gabby the cue to break into song. He did. And, gathering himself together with a superhuman effort, the Man Whale opened the generous aperture in his rotund face, and emitted certain sounds. I cannot say truthfully that he started in to sing. No, gentle reader, he merely emitted sounds. For about six bars he was two or three notes behind the pianist and about five tones flat. Then, through one of those lucky accidents that sometimes 627 !iesPas the re b? reSulated of fami- nes, as the Grouch remarked when his T u' miStook the tabasco for °™at° ketcl™P, Gabby’s vocal appa- ratus managed to harmonize with the strmgs of the piano, and he hit the right av t,SO!lg was entitled "Don't fV <r	a,.d of &reat physic- al effort, mental strain, and tonal riot he managed to wade through three verses and choruses without a violent assault being committed upon his person. In fact, not only did he manage to get through without damage, but a small and select group of people in the audi- ence, possessing more than the average sense of humor, applauded. This in- jected sufficient nerve and backbone in- to the budding monologist to permit him to start off on his spiel. Rubbing his freshly laundered vest and depositing nice stripes of pink face coloring along the line of his expansive bay window, Gabby stepped forward and addressed the multitude: “Ladies and gentlemen: I am going to tell you a couple of little stories. I hope you like them. If you do, that will be nice. If you don’t, then it wont be nice. One Tuesday afternoon a chicken was walking down Broadway. It was a bright, sunshiny sort of afternoon. The chicken hadn’t had a nibble of com since the day before. She was mighty hungry, but lacked the price of a bag of corn. Suddenly she saw one of the nicest roosters of her acquaintance beat- ing it down on the other side of the street. Did she cross the road ? She did. For why? To get on the other side? Not on your life. She crossed over to make a little speech to the prize corn merchant, and probably grab oft a tree lunch. Simple, isn’t it?” This story was about as bad a tlung as I have ever listened to 011 the stage. Likewise, the audience, who had paid their collective tolls in order to be counted among those present, reiusec to get cheerful. Not only did they re- frain from any indications of encour- agement, but they decidedly and unmis- takably showed that in the.r opm.on .t was very poor stuft. There was not as much as a chirp of applause. Some of628 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM the audience grunted, a few booed, and a big bunch of them snorted dismally. Gabby, who had thought out this dainty little story all by his lonesome, was somewhat abashed at the lack of appreciation. He gave every evidence of becoming panic stricken. He did not know whether to grin, or to close up his features until a later date. He shuf- fled uneasily from one ponderous foot to another. He sucked in his dry lips and then stuck them out; then he blinked his owl-like eyes, rubbed his fat digits nervously against his hips, and gave other and sundry unmistak- able evidences that he was all at sea, and that his goat was on a rampage. All this that we have just referred to so feelingly, took place within a few seconds. To Gabby it must have seemed like an eon. One young and hopeful citizen in the audience delivered the following helpful suggestion, which tended to put Gabby at his ease: “Aw, come on in out of the snow, or you'll be caught in a drift.” This tactful hint, coming as it did just when the knees of our Gladiator were threatening to give way under the strain, acted like a tonic. He came out of his trance. Disregarding the wave of merriment that was sweeping over the audience, following the snowdrift ad- vice, he pulled himself together. Advancing to the footlights, he gazed sternly at the mob in front, and held up his hand, as if to command attention. He then proceeded to give expression to a bit of speechifying. As far as I could get what he was saving, having a due regard for the fact that it was al- most impossible to hear what he was driving at, Gabby’s remarks were some- what along these lines: “Just a moment, ladies and gentle- men. Your well meant and thoroughly appreciated demonstration reminds me of another story I heard a few days ago." And, then and there, and not- withstanding the fact that he must have called upon all his reserve stock of nervo, he recited the following anec- dote, which the audience, stunned into silence, by his sublime brass, accepted in a spirit of helplessness. “An old Irishman, whom we will call Patrick, was delighted one morning recently, when his wife, Norah, pre- sented him with a baby daughter. Noth- ing would do Patrick, hut that he must rush around and see his spiritual ad- viser, a charming man, with a sense of humor. This is a!>out the conversation that ensued between Patrick and the churchman. Said Patrick: “ ‘Good morning, Your Grace. I've got a favor to ask of you.’ “ ‘And what is the favor, Patrick?’ “ ‘We’ve got a new baby girl around at the house and I was thinking as how I’d like to have you christen her.’. “ ‘I’ll he delighted to do so, Patrick. And what were you thinking of calling her ?’ “ ‘Well, we were thinking we'd call her Hazel/ “The churchman looked at Patrick for a -yinute, in silence, then spoke: “‘Hazel, is it? Sure, and with the names of all the Saints to select from, why do you go and pick out the name of a nut ?’ ” This story really got a laugh and lots of applause. I verily believe that if Gab- by had been satisfied to exit on this story, he would have gotten away with his “act,” and there would have been no necessity for our recording this gloom)' history. But, with his usual tact and skill, he decided, that inasmuch as this one had gone so well, he would try another song. Boldly, almost defiantly, he an- nounced. he w'ould favor us with that screamingly funny song, “I Care Not Who Makes the Dough, Boys; It’s Bis- cuits for Mine.” If his first number was a tragedy, this one was a massacre. He had hardly be- gun, when he pulled up short. The poor, deluded nut had forgotten the words of the song. Flushed with his success in the story-telling line, he had dashed into the song, without knowing it. For the life of him, he could not recall the lyric. He spluttered, stuttered, stumbled, choked, gagged, coughed, and inhaled like the exhaust on a steam engine. All in vain. He could not produce anything in the way of a melody. It was evident he was through, fin-GABBY GOES ON THE STAGE 629 ished, done, and exhausted. He ap- peared like a broken-down aeroplane, wabbling about. The audience, quick to scent his dilemma, was indulging in the refined cruelties to which moving-pic- ture audiences are prone. Grunts, groans, cat-calls, whistles, hisses, and stamping of feet, all helped to put Gab- by at his complete ease. Just when it appeared that nothing but a miracle could save the despairing songster, a large hook wfas shoved out from the wings. It was a generous hook, wide enough to encircle the waist of the fat youth. And the hook did that very thing. It hooked the aspirant none too gently. Then, some unseen hands gave it a yank and Our Friend disappeared from view, with more speed than grace. Never have I heard such wild screams of delight as that audience in- dulged in as my friend melted from our gaze. The operator hurriedly slipped over another moving picture, and the noise died down as the bunch of talent- killers settled back to have a peek at the film. I slipped quietly out of my seat and hurried up the aisle. As I reached the back of the orchestra I bumped into Joe McMasters. He looked at me, smiled grimly, and remarked: “The tub is some actor, isn’t he ?” I could only laugh. Without a word, I hooked McMasters' arm in mine and together we went back stage. Directed by a grinning stage hand, we located Gabby’s dressing-room. The door was not entirely closed, and peeping in, we espied Gabby, sitting disconsolately on a chair, in front of his make-up mirror slowly applying the cold crearTas * to rem°ving the make-un He turned around as we entered But not a word did he utter; after to me86601 an agC’ my prot*S* turned “How was it—pretty rotten, eh ?” Yes, it was, Gabby,” I answered, figuring it out that it would be best to tell him the truth, no matter how much it hurt. “Wen, I guess it was,” he agreed, ruefully, his fat face gradually finding itself in a wide, expansive grin. “But I’ll try anything once. It’s the oniy way to find out how bad you are.’' “Are you cured ?” butted in Joe. “Yes, plenty. I’m no stockyards’ product. I know when the bell has rung. I’m 110 actor.” As the Stout Person and Yours Truly were wending our way down Broad- way, a dodger was thrust into Gabby’s hand. He glanced at it and handed it over to me with a sickly grin. I	looked at it and burst out laughing. It was the announcement of Madame Jara, the Psychic Wonder, who agreed to tell your past, present and future for fifty cents. “Are you going to look her up?” I inquired, smiling at him. “Nixey! No! Indeed not! They’re the bunk!” And then, with a whimsical glance at me, he added: “But the other one sure was a peacherino. I wonder where she lives.”LITTLE STORIES OF THE NEW PLAYS By GEORGE JEAN NATHAN HERE you will find a brief resume, written by	one of our most eminent theatrical journalists, of each of the more important new plays which	have been produced during the pa6t month. “THE GRAIN OF DUST”	sort of dollar activity, a man of great (By Louis Evan Shipman and David Graham Phillips)	gust day, finally lodges its teeth in the T FAiuNr. Char u-tfr's	scandal region of society and Norman Frederick Norman... .James K. Hackett	is presently confronted by his close William Tctlozv........E. M. Holland	friend Tetlow with the fact that his at- Isaac Burroughs ........Frazer Coulter	tention to Dorothy Hallovvell. the type- Josephme Burroughs .....Pauline Neff	writer girl> llas reached the stage where Dorothy Hallowell ........Uena Jewel	Norman had better take himself by the FREDERICK NORMAN, of the	ear and lead himself into a study of law firm of Lockyer, Benchley,	the situation. Norman dismisses Tet- Sanders, and Norman, one of	low’s warning with a smile, but he be- ihe thirty-two candle-power lights of	gins to realize in his heart of hearts the metropolitan legal profession, a	that the spell Dorothy is weaving about man of muscular brain, unassailable	him is beginning to get in its deadly social status and unbending will, is	work. He cannot explain, even to him- fascinated by an inconsequent bit of	self, the strange love-power, the attrac- a blonde who works as a stenog-	tion, this human grain of dust holds rapher in the offices of the firm. Nor-	over him. All he knows is that what- man is engaged—has been for some	ever the quality of the attraction may ^me *° Josephine, daughter of Isaac	be, it is present in a profound degree. Burroughs. 1 he latter is of the jay-	He cannot resist it. pierpontmorganatic species of finan- Josephine, his fiancee, comes to see cier, a man wedded to more than one	him, questions him about the tattle of 630LITTLE STORIES OF THE NEW PLAYS Lady Grundy and ends by demanding that he desist in his attentions to the stenographer. Norman refuses and Josephine breaks her engagement to him. A week later, things in the Nor- man-Hallowell case have reached a crisis. Norman’s business associates try to show him what a fool he is making of himself and insinuate to him that unless-he acts differently his resignation from the firm will be asked. He anticipates this move, however, and draws up his resignation before the resignation is drawn up for him. Tetlow, hoping to get Norman out of the muddle, endeavors to get Dor- othy to go away from the city on “a vacation trip,” but the girl refuses. Norman’s resignation is accepted and a moment later Burroughs, who has just learned of Norman’s break with his daughter, enters and demands an explanation. Norman declares he has no explanation to make. Burroughs shouts that Miss Hallowell is Norman’s mistress. Norman gives the financier the lie. Hot words follow, the climax coming when Burroughs tells the law- 3rer that he will have his revenge by ruining him. The battle between the two men is on. Norman calls in Dorothy. “Gentle- men,” he says, “I have asked Miss Hal- lowell to be my wife. She has accepted me.” Eighteen months pass. Burroughs has succeeded in breaking Norman. Dorothy, unhappy in her prison-home, as she refers to it, leaves Norman. Save for Tetlow, he stands alone, destitute, a broken man. But only temporarily! A proposition comes to him to take up the fight against Burroughs then being waged by certain Chicago interests. He accepts. A stubborn conflict gets under way and in six months' time Norman has turned the tables on the financier. Dor- othy, still the enigma she has always been, comes back to Norman with the confession that she has regretted her action day and night and that she loves him. Josephine implores Dorothy to take up her father’s cause and ask Norman to cease his persecution of the aged man. Dorothy is won over and begs her husband to be lenient with the 631 beaten enemy. And Norman, by virtue of the love he bears the girl, relents. (Produced by Mr. Hackett.) “JUST TO GET MARRIED” (By Cicely Hamilton) Leading Characters Sir Theodore Grayle......F. O. Baxter Lady Catherine Grayle. .. Emily Fitzroy Emmchne Vicary ........Grace George Adam Lankcstcr .........Lyn Harding Emmeline Yicary, the niece of Lady Catherine, has been taken in by the Grayles after her mother’s death, brought up and supported by them for twenty-seven years. She is now twenty-nine years old and, while not unattractive, has been in no great demand so far as the marriage altar is concerned. The Grayles, who are not over-endowed with funds, view the ap- proach of Emmeline’s thirtieth unasked year vvith as much horror as she re- gards it herself. Their one ambition is to get the girl married and off their hands and they are not backward in telling her so. Emmeline looks upon their attitude with sympathy, but— cherchez Vhommel He is not to be found. One day, there comes to the Grayles on a visit, Adam Lankester, a rough Canadian; and forthwith begins the sly campaign against the young man’s marital inclinations. The Grayles buy Emmeline expensive frocks and hats and seek in every way to increase her attractiveness, with one object in view —a match with Adam. Adam, howrever, is a slow individual and, while he looks upon Emmeline with much favor, can- not be brought down to a direct declar- ation. Emmeline does not give up hope and shoots every feminine arrow in her quiver in Adam’s direction. In time, these arrow's hit the mark and Adam asks her to be his wife. With arch co- quetry, Emmeline says yes and the Grayles, with magnificent hypocrisy, are duly “surprised” and bless the young couple.	* The preparations for the wedding go on apace and the Grayles do not stint themselves for this final, God-sent632 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM occasion. Emmeline is showered with gifts by her future husband, who is intensely in love with her. As the time for the wedding comes near, however, Emeline becomes thoroughly ashamed of herself for having played the part she did and finally brings herself to tell Adam that she does not feel that she can marry him. “I thought I could see it through to the end,” she tells him, “but I can’t. It has been a nasty plot and you’ve been too good to me to be deceived. My family just wanted me to get married— to whom didn't matter. You were the first man who asked me and I accepted you. I didn’t love you—I was just go- ing to sell myself to you. I had to have some one to support me, that’s all.” Adam, disgusted, leaves the house. The Grayles enter, find Emmeline in tears and hear what she has done. They are red with wrath. Emmeline turns on them and shows them up for the cold, gold-blooded souls they are and ends by grabbing her hat and coat and rushing for the door. “Where are you going?’’ asks Lady Catherine. “To London,” calls back Emmeline, “to make my own living.” Emmeline arrives at the railway station in a downpour, bedraggled in gown and spirit. The family follow her and beg her to return to them, but she declines. Adam enters, sees Emmeline and starts back. "Don’t go,” says Em- meline. Adam looks at her doubtfully, his eyebrows arched in troubled inter- rogation. “I know you'll never propose to me again,” says she with a smile, “and 1 really love you too much to go on through life without you. so—so I’m going to propose to you.” Adam, still amazingly infatuated with her, gives a shout of joy, “accepts” Emmeline and asks her whither she was bound. “Lon- don,” repeats Emmeline. The locomo- tive is heard in the distance. “Hurry.” admonishes Adam, “get into this over- coat of mine; we’ve only a minute be- fore—” “Before what?” she asks. ‘Before we go to London together.” he answers. (Produced by William A. Brady) “KISMET” (By Edward Knoblauch) Leading Characters Hajj .....................Otis Skinner Jawan ...............Sheridan Block The Caliph .................Fred Eric The Wasir Mansur... Hamilton Revelle Marsinah ..................Rita Jolivet In the city of Baghdad, “one thou- sand and one years ago,” so the tale goes, there was a beggar, Hajj by name. Before the Mosque of the Car- penters sat he, asking alms in the name of Allah. It is of Hajj we tell—Hajj and his enemy unto death, the villain- ous Sheik Jawan. Many years ago, Jawan had stolen Hajj’s wife and killed his babe—and Hajj had dreamed of Jawan’s throat with his fingers twined around it. The years passed and lo!—Hajj and Jawan came face to face. The sheik spat upon the beggar and in derision threw to him a purse of gold. Hajj's eyes caught the gold and the power it held before his hands grasped the treasure—a treasure tnat brought with it the pos- sibility of vengeance. With this gold did Hajj go into the bazaar of the tailors and did he deck himself out in satins and silks and gauds, albeit he stole a portion of these. Then did he embrace his daughter Marsinah and promise her happiness bought out of his newly acquired purse still fat with change. Marsinah was beloved by a hand- some young stranger whose identity she knew not—the gardener's son, she believed him to be. In their sun dream, Hajj was arrested at the instance of the merchants whose wares he stole, was brought before the Wazir Mansur, was sentenced to suffer the removal of his thieving hand, and was pardoned— but for fell purpose. The whisper of the Wazir was in his ears. “You are pardoned,” so it went, “in order that you may kill the Caliph.” Hajj, per- plexed, stood still. “To kill the Caliph,” insisted the whisper. "To kill the Ca- liph,” repeated Hajj. “The wicked Ca- liph dead,” said the Wazir, “and I shall be supreme and you, Hajj, shall be vice-wazir.”LITTLE STORIES OF THE NEW PLAYS	533 It is the diwan of the Caliph’s pal-	“KTMTit ace tliat we next behold, the Caliph holding audience. Disguised as a ma-	(By Charles Kenyon) gician Hajj enters and wins the	T plaudits with rare feats. Suddenly—a	Heinrirh t'HARA<?Hls movement, a flashing sword, the Caliph	Maggie Schulte “..' ‘ * Mar^r^Tinin^ falls—and then rises, saved by his coat Steve Bates ......W.	Srt of mail!	Allce Burke-Smith .....Anne Meredith Hajj is forthwith tumbled into the	Heinie Schultz, a sturdy German dungeon. Through the blackness, he	lives with his wife Maggie in a cheao’ spies something white. His chains pre-	unsanitary tenement in New York vent his drawing closer to inspect it.	Maggie’s longing, hoping, yearning am - It is a robe. V\ ho is in it ? His eyes be-	bition centers upon motherhood but come brighter. Jawan! At last!	her husband forbids her even to think The chains which bind Hajj are now	of having a baby. “It’s a crime to somehow broken; Jawan lies throttled	bring a kid into the world in a dump in the place where Hajj lay a moment	like this—that’s what it is, a crime. It before;Hajj is in the white robe. Comes	probably wouldn't live and if it did, it Jawan’s pardon—and Haji is carried	would only grow up diseased to curse out into the free light of day in his dead	us who gave it life.” But Maggie will foe s place.	not believe. She hopes against hope But all is not yet done. Enemy sup-	that her baby, when it comes, will be plants enemy. It is now the Wazir	strong; and every hour, every minute whom Hajj longs to hold tight in his	of her day and night clusters about this fingers, the W'azir who once had been	dream. She buys a cradle out of her looked upon by Hajj as the future hus-	meager living money and hides it in the band of Marsinah. The Wazir did hire	room, scheming all the while to do the fair Marsinah into his hammatn, or	something that will improve the way in harem as you say, and did reckon thus	which she and Heinie live, so that the to avenge himself that night for his be-	child that is to be born to them will trayal by Hajj when Hajj’s sword	not grow up an ailing, lungless weak- failed to run through the Caliph’s em-	ling with its eyes 011 the grave from broidered stomach. Then Hajj ap-	birth. pears.	Alice Burke-Smith, a settlement Hajj liberates his daughter—and	worker who has been interested in the confronts the Wazir. “You die?” says	case of Maggie and her husband, gets Hajj. “No,” says the Wazir. “You	her family to offer Maggie a job as die!” repeats Hajj. And even then are	seamstress in their home. Schultz tells his fingers on the Wazir’s throat and is	his wife not to listen to the proposition, his lifeless body sent into the swim-	but Steve, the personified voice from ming pool, this Wazir who—strange	the streets, whispers to her that here is though it be—was none other, by that	her chance. Her chance! Steal! That locket on his chest, than Jawan’s own	will give her and Heinie the money to son.	leave the tenement and go out to the Hajj is again in chains Marsinah's	Wyoming about which she had heard lover, who is he? The Caliph himself,	so much, the land where the air is clean They are to wed. Hajj, what of him?	and where her baby may be born Exile.	strong. Heinie, a stevedore, and his fel- And so our story ends. The mor-	k>w-workers, go out 011 strike. Maggie row will see the beggar Hajj on pil-	makes up her mind to accept the job grimage to Mecca, where he will walk	at the Burke-Smiths when dire want thrice around the marble tomb and	is thus brought up to the door of their give his prayers to Allah and contem-	room. plate the strange workings of Kismet.	A week passes. The Burke-Smith (Produced by Klaw & Erlanger and	house has been robbed. Detectives have Harrison Grey Fiske.)	been put on the case. Circumstances634 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM make Heinie suspicious of his wife. He accuses her; she denies. He forces her arguments against her one by one. “Why, for God’s sake, why did you steal?” he shouts at her in anger. “You put the idea into my head.” answers Maggie. “Me?” questions Heinie in surprise. “Yes, you,” goes on Maggie. “You showed me the game we was up against. I finally woke up to what I had cornin’ to me. Them people owned our home; they owned us, and if I dared to bring a life into the world they’d own that too. Well, they went too far, so I went up there and took what I needed—what was mine. I had a right to, I tell ye.” “A right?” sneers Heinie. “Yes, a right,” declares his wife. “A right to my share of life, just as they have, just as any animal has. I didn’t ask fer comfort, I didn’t ask fer happiness— that's fer their kind uptown, that’s the law—but there’s some things they’ve got to let me have; me, and the lowest animal livin’. You’re a man, an’ you’re goin’ to have food and drink, aint ye? Ye got a right to live and ye’ll steal and ye'll murder to do it. Well, I’m a wom- an, and God gave me a greater right than that. He gave me the power to give life—and there’s no want of my body or soul so loud. It will be satis- fied, my greatest want of all. Them people come down here and warn me. warn me if I brought a life into the world it would be smothered out, burned up like so much kindling—and fer what? Their pleasure. Think of it 1 I stole; I am a thief; I’m rotten; I lowered myself in their eyes. Well, let them think so. I stole for what I need, and in my own eyes I raised myself far above ’em, way far above ’em.” Heinie looks at her steadily. “And how about this junk? Ye didn’t swipe that to get yer needs of life, did ye? Will ye tell me why ye steal baby rib- bon, baby pins, baby—” His voice breaks as he suddenly realizes. “Why didn’t ye tell me, Maggie,” he sobs. “Why didn’t ye tell me?” “I was scared," she answers. “God bless ye, little girl,” cries Heinie as he takes her in his arms; “I love ye for it!” But the fact remains that the detec- tives are after Maggie. Aided by Alice, who understands the reason Maggie stole—or at least believes she does_ Heinie succeeds gradually in putting the police off the track. Just as he seems about to succeed entirely, some of the stolen silverware is found in the room. In this crisis, Alice wins her family over to the girl’s cause and they order that the police withdraw from the case. Maggie goes to Heinie’s open arms. “Maybe, Heinie,” she says, “Maybe too there’s roses in Wyoming.” (Produced by E. J. Bowes.) “THE WEDDING TRIP” (By H. B. Smith, Fred De Gresac and Reginald De Koven) Leading Characters Frit si ...............Christine Nielsen Felix .................John McCloskey Captain Josef .....Arthur Cunningham Aca................... Dorothy Jardon Lotta -r*.............Fritzi Von Busing Basilic ................. Gwen Dubary Mafta ............. Edward Martindel The scene is laid in Dalmatia; the opening act is in the courtyard of the house of the family of Fritzi, a young peasant girl betrothed to Felix, an in- nocent. perpetually-afraid lad whose bolder twin brother Francois is a mem- ber of the Dalmatian army. The prep- arations for the wedding ceremony are progressing swiftly and the happy event is about to be set in motion when Captain Josef of the military intrudes his presence into the assemblage and in- terrupts the marriage. It develops that Frangois has absented himself from the arm)’ without the necessary formal- ities and that Felix, to save his brother, must take his place. “You look so much alike,” says Josef, “that no one will know the difference.” Felix hesitates; Fritzi insists that her future husband cannot be a coward ; Felix is forced against his inclination to don his brother’s uniform—and away goes the bridegroom to join the forces of gun and sword. The soldiery have been ordered to gather in the public square at Ragusa. The plan is to march against Mafta in his mountain lair. Mafta is a brigand who has been in theLITTLE STORIES OF THE NEW PLAYS 635 habit of stealing the women of Dal- matia away from their firesides and carrying them to his mountain retreat. Fntzi and her family travel with Felix to'Ragusa to see the soldiers march away. The women gather to bid their husbands and sweethearts farewell. Basilie, the wife of Felix’s twin broth- er. spies Felix, mistakes him for her husband and insists, to Fritzi’s horror, that he make love to her. So, too, does Lotta, a tavern keeper, upon whom the wild Francois has cast amorous eyes. Fritzi’s friends urge her to conceal her feelings, because, as they assure her, this show of affection that Felix must simulate for the other women is neces- sary to the plot to save Francois from disgrace. Fritzi refuses at the last mo- ment to permit Felix to go away with the soldiers. “You will be killed,” she sobs. Felix is dragged along by Josef, however, and Fritzi follows him up in- to the mountains. In the wooded re- treat, Mafta, the supposed brigand, is discovered to be a philanthropist. He operates an excellent hotel and treats ail the women whom he has kidnaped with such courteousness that they are loath to return home. “They call me a brigand,” he laughs. “Well, I may be a hotel-keeper, but when it comes to being a real brigand—beyond that—I am no match for the bellboys and coat- check vultures.” Mafta greets Fritzi, Felix, the sol- diers and their followers with friendly arms and makes every preparation to further their comfort while they are “visiting” him. He '--ets aside the best rooms in his hotel for their use and gives them rare wines to drink and rare foods to eat. With Aza, the gypsy whom he loves, Mafta plans to go away, get married and quit the brigand-hotel- keeper business. An American who is among Mafta’s “guests” declares he is ready to negotiate for the place; Felix and Fritzi are ready for the ceremony that was interrupted; Dalmatia re- joices over the enforced return of the vvives whom Mafta had stolen; Fran- cois, too, is saved—and then the curtain falls. (Produced by the Shuberts.) “BIRTHRIGHT” (By T. C. Murray) Leading Characters USX M°rrifSey........J M- KerrigS Hugh Mornssey ......Fred O’Donovan The scene is laid in an Irish cottage Bat Morrissey, his wife Maura, and their two sons Shane and Hugh live there m chilled poverty. Hugh, the el- der son, incurs the hatred of his father because of his predilection for sports of all kinds, a natural predilection in- deed, but one which old Bat views with the keenest displeasure. He tells his wife that Hugh is worthless, that he wastes his time and neglects his people to spend his days in playing, and de- clares that despite the fact that his lit- tle farm should go to the elder son after his death, he is determined that Hugh shall inherit none of the property. Bat tells Shane that the land shall be his. Shane’s trunk is packed and he is ready to leave for America. Bat rips the tag from the lad’s trunk, affixes Hugh’s name to it, and asserts he will punish the elder son by exiling him from his home-land. Hugh is away with his companions celebrating an athletic victory. Although Maura tells her husband that the priest wished Hugh to go to the celebration, so that he might keep it within bounds, Bat re- fuses to believe her. He’s a worthless son, he repeats and repeats—and troops off to bed with a curse for Hugh on his trembling lips. Maura, because she has realized that Hugh will not be back until late, only pretends to go to sleep. When the house becomes quiet, she steals into the outer room to wait for her son and warn him of his father’s anger. Hugh enters. He promises to heed his mother’s plea. Bat enters and confronts Hugh. He calls him every vile name, refuses to still his curses before Maura’s tears and, banging his way out of the door, shouts to Hugh that he will have no more of him, that he must prepare to leave the place at the earliest possible moment.TIIE GREEN BOOK ALBUM 636 For a minute—a long, silent minute —Hugh is mute. He is awakened from his stunned condition by the entrance of his brother Shane, the pet of the family. Hugh turns on Shane, charges him with having prejudiced their father against him and ends by calling Shane a land-grabber. Shane jumps at Hugh’s throat. Maura enters and at- tempts wildly to drag Shane from Hugh. Shane insults Maura and the insult gives Hugh added strength. He pulls Shane’s fingers from their clutch. The lamp on the table is overturned and smashed in the struggle and the room is plunged into darkness. Only the sounds of the scuffle and the mother’s wail can be heard; the play of the mov- ing, fighting, tossing bodies is not to be seen in the room’s jet black. Sud- denly, the boys fall in a heap far across the room near the dim grate glow. One stands up and peers into the other’s white face. The face of death is the face of Hugh. (Produced by Lady Gregory.) “SPREADING THE NEWS” (By Lady Gregory) Leading Characters Mrs. Tarpey .........Eileen O'Doherty James Ryan ............J. M. Kerrigan Mrs. Fallon ............ Sara Allgood Bartley Fallon ........ Arthur Sinclair Jack Smith .............S. J. Morgan Tim Casey ................,U Wright Mrs. Tully ............Kathleen Drago Shaunt Early..........J. A. O'Rourke The scene shows the outskirts of a fair in Ireland. Mrs. Tarpey, a deaf old apple wom- an, who is selling her wares to the pass- ers-by, indistinctly overhears a remark made by Bartley Fallon, a magnificent pessimist and eternal grumbler. Bart- ley has accidentally upset his wife’s market basket while trying to get out of the way of a pitchfork that some careless soul has left lying by the way- side, and Bartley, with a conventional grumble on his tongue, has picked up the fork and started down the road with it to return it to Jack Smith—who, he learns, is its owner. The deaf wom- an’s ears cause her to believe that Bart- ley has gone after Smith to kill him with the pitchfork and she whispers this news to various folk who are near her. The ball of gossip is thus started. Why does Bartley want to kill Smith? Aha, the overturned market basket! Bartley must have had an argument with his wife. Why? Put two and two together, say the gossips, and you will appreciate that if Bartley had a quar- rel with his wife and then made after Jack Smith with a pitchfork to kill him, it must have been because Smith and Bartley’s wife had been guilty of some- thing. “She promised to elope to Amer- ica with him, I’ll wager,” says this one. That one repeats the sentence to an- other, leaving off the “I'll wager,” thus making it a fact. The news spreads, grows more and more sanguinary and becomes further and further embellished. Bartley has Killed Jack Smith by this time, they figure, and Jack’s body is lying in the mud of the road. The people are hor- rified, startled, completely upset by the tragedy they have created with their own gossips- imaginations. Mrs. Fallon enters. The lady is accused. She denies. But why all this talk? She becomes suspicious. Her husband is brought in, having been apprehended by the police and put in chains. Mrs. Fallon accuses him not only of the crime, but also of having been unfaithful to her. Bartley, influenced by the attitude of the people, comes to believe he is guilty of Smith’s murder and confesses. No sooner is the confession out of his mouth than Smith comes in, alive and well. The good people, believing it is a ghost, shrink back. They are convinced that he is no ghost and then charge him with trying to impersonate the dead Jack Smith. The police are called upon to arrest him as an impostor. And Jack Smith and his supposed murderer are marched away to the jail, until rea- son shall dawn again and gossip be slain. (Produced by the author.)LITTLE STORIES OF THE NEW PLAYS	537 “THE OPERA BALL”	gelc, and declare tl (Adapted by Sydney Rosenfeld from	thrown herself at his f«t Wei? the German of H. von Wald-	mg George kiss Celeste, believe? Mar- berg. Music by Richard	guente is the one who is trying- to Heuberger.)	steal her husband. Leading Characters	Diication^^n^c^ 3re	co,P- Gecrge D time nil ......Harry Fairleigh	and Angele are iSterl ^	?TUerite Paul Aubier ......... George Lytlecker	, ,e b,tlt^1y angry with each Theophilus Beaubisson... .Harry Conor	mer, and iheophilus is suffering all Angele ...................Olive Ulrich	after effects of a big night Hi< Marguerite ............. Alice Gentle	gloom is crowned by the arrival of ? Celeste Deremy ..........Mane Cahill	bevy of young women whom he ha* Celeste Deremy, a widow of wealth,	engaged for his fictitious friend, with is a guest at the home of her friend	whom he was supposed to have' spent Marguerite in Paris. Celeste, from her	the night. Celeste confesses to the wives own personal experiences with her hus-	that it was she who was kissed, and band, maintains the only reason men	they all make up their quarrels. Celeste, marry is so that “they may be untrue	moreover, saves Theophilus from his to one woman.” Her hostess, Mar-	wife’s wrath by pretending the young guerite, and another guest, Angele, an	women are from a cooking class, which old time chum of Marguerite, contest	she has started. this point vigorously. Marguerite main-	(Produced by Messrs. Sam S. and tains that her husband Paul is perfect,	Lee Shubert.'i and Angele that her husband George is at least that. They are so determined in their championship of their respec-	"SHORTY McCABE" tive husbands dial Celeste wagers that	(Dramatized by Owen Davis, from she can open the,r eyes. She wntes to	Sewe]1 £ rf> g . } each of the husbands a letter making	' an engagement for that night at “The	Leading Chail\cteks Opera Ball/’ Each man is told that his	Shorty McCabe .........Victor JVIoore admirer will be dressed in a lilac	$adie ............----- Maidel Turner j,-,	Lionel Ogden Pmckncy Bruce..... domino	................Ha-rry L FrankHn Celeste has good reason to know	Mary Dexter .......Katherine LaSalle that Angele’s husband George was not	"Swifty” Joe Gallagher----Sam Collins disinclined to a flirtation, for when she	Miriam Ramey .......Emma Littlefield met him by accident, he engaged in one	er ru ‘ ............... n >rajt l with her. They part without his learn-	Shorty McCabe is an ex-champion mg her name, but she has seen him	middle-weight boxer, now retired from before and knows him. Both men ma’.a	the ring, and running a studio of what excuses to leave their wives so that	he calls “physical torture." in which they may go to the ball. Celeste also	“fat persons are reduced, in body—and has invited Captain Henry Beaubisson,	pocket-book.” brother of Angele, and in addition to	The play opens in front of Mr?, him, she finds at the ball, Theophilus	Mawson’s summer home in Primrose Beaubisson, father of Angele, and a	Park, Westchester—a rendezvous for gay old philanderer. Angele meets	a gilt-edged society set—where Lionel Marguerite’s husband, and Marguerite	Ogden Pinckney Bruce, called Pinck- meets Angele s husband. Each of the	ney for short and Mrs.. Mawson s pet- men makes violent love to his com-	ted nephew, has invited Shorty Mc- panion. At a signal agreed upon by the	Cabe to pay him a visit. The ex-prize wives, each man is called from the pri-	fighter is much amazed to find among vate dining-room and each, mistaking	the guests a young lady whom he had Celeste for his clandestine companion,	known on the East Side as Sadie .. ui- kisses her. Marguerite, observing Paul	livan, and who had cruelly rejected the kiss Celeste, thinks he is kissing An-	offer of his heart and hand. Sadie ha-THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM married Dipworthy, Junior, scion of the house which manufactured Dipwor- thy s Drowsy Drops; and upon the un- timely death of that worthless youth, who had neglected the paternal Drops in favor of “pints and quarts, ’ she came into several million. She started to break into society, but although a guest of Mrs. Mawson when discovered by Shorty, she wasn’t making much headway. Pinckney, Shorty’s social sponsor, was so lazy that he had to have his valet breathe for him. Read his letters? Oh dear, no! “My man attends to all that.” So when a cablegram came, stat- ing that “Jack and Jill were coming on the Lusitania, as per letter/’ he hadn’t the slightest idea what Jack and I ill would be. Shorty said they sounded like a couple of Shetland ponies, and Pinckney agreed with him. Shorty was touched by Sadie's tale of social snobbery, and “put her in right” by fixing it with Pinckney to in- troduce her all around. Straightway Sadie got an invitation to spend a week in Newport, and she called Shorty blessed—though she did not encourage his sentimental advances. Enter, then, Jack and Jill—not a pair of Shetland ponies, but a couple of lively “kids" of tender years. They had been left orphans in London, and their dying father had wished them on Pinckney. “Nowr will you read your own letters,” says Shorty, when Jack and Jill leap upon the embarrassed Pinckney and mess him up with sticky kisses. Jack and Jill prove to be the most terrible of all infants, and proceed to tear the household of Pinckney and his aunt up by the roots. The duty of hir- ing a governess is delegated to Shorty, and he picks out a wistful English girl named Mary Dexter, who immediately tames the terrors with kindness and fairy tales. Sadie is now receiving the attentions of the Baron Patchouli, alleged to be of the French aristocracy, and Captain Kenwoodie, who says he is the brother of the Earl of Abercorn. Shorty makes the baron ridiculous by sending him to the dog-license window when he asks how to get a wedding permit, and also by revealing his antecedents as a waiter. It isn't the Baron about whom Shorty has to worry, however, so much as the Captain, who has persuaded Sadie to marry him. On a visit to the cottage where Shorty has his summer train- ing camp, Captain Kenwoodie tells Sa- die to prepare for a departure to Eng- land the next day—important mes- sages from home, don’t you know. Sadie consents; and even after Shorty shows the Captain up as a black sheep who had been passing bad checks at the Waldorf-Astoria, she is game to marry him just for the sake of the title. But when Mary Dexter, the governess, con- fronts the Captain, and tells how she had sent him all her ,rnoney from abroad, following to get married as per schedule only to find herself alone and stranded in a strange country, Sadie gives the Captain his passport. In the last act Pinckney marries Miss Gertrude, who had come over on the same boat with Jack and Jill. It is on the eve of the wedding, and Shorty, attired in his glad raiment, is unhappy, because he, too, would like to have a girl. Enter Sadie, who had retired from society after her disappointment with the Captain. A few' words, and all is o’er. Shorty calls the Bishop and every- one else out of the house, just as the wedding is about to begin, tucks Sadie under his arm. gets into the proper po- sition, and says, “Now let it go double, Bish r (Produced by Frazee and Lederer.) “OVER THE RIVER” (By H. A. Du Souchet) Leading Characters Madison Parke .............Eddie Foy Hudson Rivers ...... Melville Stewart Timothy Caok ........William Sellery Mrs. Madison Parke .. Maude Lambert Sarah Parke ............Edna Hunter Myrtle Billtopper .... Lillian Lorraine At the Cafe Cabaret, in New York, Madison Parke sets out to make a night of it. He is a droll and convivial old soul; and aided by “The Berlin Madcaps” and other gay spirits ofLITTLE STORIES OF THE NEW PLAYS 639 Bright Light Land, he succeeds in hav- ing a most prodigious jamboree. He goes one whirl too far, however, and the cold gray dawn of the morning after the night before finds him deep in a dungeon cell. He is sentenced to thirty days “Over the River” on Black- well’s Island. We next find the melancholy Madi- son in durance vile on “The Island.” Alas—where are the joys of yester- night?” he asks dolefully, and then comforts himself with the reflection that after all “that was some big night, last night!” Yet poor Parke finds his captivity most painful. “Bars all around me,” he laments, “and yet I’m perishing for want of a drink.” “What are you working at?" inquires Warden Vokes, coming upon the scene. “Shoveling coal,” answers Parke. “Hard work?” asks the warden. “Nope,” returns Parke solemnly. “It’s soft coal. Say,” he adds, a little later, glancing in disgust at the zebra pattern of his garments, *T like this suit all right, except that I get tired of it—I just can t wear it out.” Well, cheered on by the onlv living male chorus safely jailed, the thirty days of Madison Parke's incarceration at last are ended. Meanwhile he has sent word to Mrs. Parke, and explained his strange absence by an elaborately embroidered fabric of lies: he has sud- denly been called away on important business to Mexico, he has informed her, and will be back in a month. So on returning home after his suspiciously exact absence of thirty days, Parke finds no group of sad but forgiving relatives awaiting him; instead, Mrs. Parke has arranged a party to celebrate her husband’s return from his foreign journey. Besides the Parke family, Myrtle Billtopper, Bismarck Herring, Hudson Rivers and other friends assist at the glad occasion; a troupe of pro- fessional dancers add their specialties to the entertainment; and in a madcap riot of music and merriment, Parke drowns the bitter recollection of his sojourn “Over the River.”Hipft \ sfiort Ptory oP C—x A Vaudeville Life1 By WILLIAM CAREY OUTSIDE of the theatre in electric letters a foot high, her name twinkled and dazzled and beck- oned by turns, and on the billboards and in the programs “Lila Elsa” was printed in heavy black type. She was the headliner, the star of a lengthy bill; yet, judging from the applause that fol- lowed her first song one would never have thought so. In the parlance of vaudeville, she had failed to “deliver the goods.” The Three Dancing Graces stood in the wings and watched her struggle bravely through a second song with even less success than had been meted out to its predecessor. The Graces, two men and a girl, followed Miss Elsa, and with an Eddie Foy imitation, a George Cohan finish, waving American flags, and an Apache number, they deserved the excellent position on the bill given them by a discriminating manager. “They’re worth a dozen Lila Elsas and only half the salary,” he grumbled, watching the headliner. “Little Effie there, may not be able to snatch high C and hold it for five minutes without takin’ a swallow, but vaudeville patrons don’t want high C’s, heavens knows! Elsa is punk!” The Three Graces thought exactly the same thing, although Effie tried her hardest to scrape an acquaintance with her. and Dave watched her each time he got a chance as if she were a god- dess just come down to earth. Even Jack, while he laughed at her to Effie, looked upon her as a creature out of their own world. 640ACE HIGH 641 “She got the frozen mitten to-night all right," he said in an aside, as she finished her second song. “Honest, if she goes out there again and begins another song I’m afraid the gallery will start something.” “I hope not,’' said Dave quickly. “Oh. Dave, j^ou’re that sympathetic," giggled Effie. “As Jack says, she’s got a punk act, and you can’t expect a classy, show-me audience to stand for her sort o' stuff when they know we are on the bill. But your heart’s in the right place, Davy; aint it, Jack?” Dave only frowned and listened at- tentively as Lila walked out on the stage again and began a charming waltz-song from one of the light operas in her sweet, bell-like soprano. “That’s singing,” he said presently, with a little nod of his head. “Think so?” shrugged Effie. “Well, you’re welcome to it because nobody ’round here seems to want it. What she ought to do, if she wants to make a hit, is to get some swell clothes and sing that ‘Don’t Forget Me’ song to a man in a box. That would get ’em— audiences like to hear a girl sing to a man in a box, especially a bald-headed man—te-he!” “Good Lord, Effie, I’ll bet you Miss Elsa would fall dead if you’d suggest such a thing to her!” cried Dave, wrinkling his forehead thoughtfully. “She—she aint that kind, you know.” “Listen to him. will you?” pouted Effie. “Why, I did it! Aint I as good as her—or anybody?” “Sure!” emphasized Jack. Dave took her hand and pressed it softly. “I didn’t mean that, honey,” he told her, a tender light creeping in his eyes. “There’s nobody going any better than you are—whiter, prettier, neater. I only meant that Lila Elsa wasn’t the kind of actress to sing to a man in the box— that’s all.” “She is right hefty,” declared the petite Effie, somewhat satisfied. “I can’t see her dancing my Apache stuff, can you ?” At that moment Lila finished her last song and walked off the stage. The applause that followed her was none warmth,’ "ST did !t carr>- much warmth. Lila Elsa, in an opera bv Broad*1 °+t DC IS°ven» cou,d fill a Broadway theatre for six months, but nl?fi tw£"a~day patrons appreciated neither her voice nor her methods She seemed to realize this. With a little sigh she drew the heavy, fur-lined cloak around her shoulders, and telling her maid to go ahead to her dressing- room, waited in the wings, thoughtfully watching the Three Dancing Graces From the moment the annunciators flashed their letter, the house had ap- plauded until the rafters rang. When Dave" did his Eddie Foy imitation the audience rocked with merriment; Effie and Jack’s Apache dance brought squeals of delight from the galleries; while the George Cohan finale, with the three singing the “Yankee Doodle Rag” and waving American flags at the people, literally “brought down the house.” And Lila wondered. She would be in vaudeville only four weeks, just long enough for the libret- tist to “Americanize” the book of her new Viennese opera-comique. Because of her name and position she had been able to secure the choicest booking for the short time she would be idle, and while it mattered little to her following what these patrons of the varieties thought of her, still it hurt, it rankled, to think that she had not been able to please them. Her choicest notes had not brought forth one half the appiause that had greeted Effie’s “danse Paris- ienne” “I’ll do it!” she decided. The Three Dancing Graces had finished their turn, and after six bows were reluctantly allowed to depart. Lila, still in the wings, knew they would be obliged to pass her on their way to their dressing-room. As Effie came off the stage with the set smile still on her pretty features, the prima donna went out to meet her. “Miss Grace, may I ask you a ques- tion?” she said. Effie was overwhelmed with joy. in her heart of hearts she secretly envied and respected this Broadway star. “Why, certain’y,” she dimpled. Ask a hundred.”642 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM Lila drew the girl to one side and out of the way of the stage-hands. Dave and Jack, moving away a few paces, were still in hearing distance. “It's just this,” began Lila, with an embarrassed smile. “I don’t seem able to reach my audiences, somehow. I haven’t made a hit, and I must, you know—the management, the people, everybody expects it. I’ve worn my prettiest gowns and sung my favorite songs and yet I can’t win them. What is the secret of your success, may I ask, Miss Grace?” “Well, we give ’em what they want, and you don’t,” Effie returned simply. “That’s all there is to it.” “You mean ?” inquired the puzzled Lila. “She means your act is over their heads; they can’t appreciate it, Miss Elsa,” put in Dave eagerly, his face flushing under its grease-paint. “It’s no use for you to try to got the audience here up to your songs. You’ve got to come down to them if j’ou want to make good.” “I do,” nodded Lila, flashing him a grateful smile. “Your singing’s grand, understand. Miss Elsa,” he said again, a ring of eagerness in his voice. “It’s singing; ours isn't. But—it doesn't strike a pop- ular chord—somehow.” “You’re right,” she said slowly. Effie tilted her head on one side like a pert sparrow, and very earnestly caught and held the star’s attention. “I was saying to the boys, when we were watching your act, that what you wanted was classy, up-to-date stuff,” Effie declared. “Askin’ your pardon, your songs sound like the ones my gran’mother used to put me to sleep with ! I’m not saying they’re not good—- Dave and all of us know they are swell! But they’re not good for here—vaude- ville. The only one that's not a joy-kill- er is ‘Don't Forget Me,’ and again ask- in’ your pardon, you sing that like the audience was at a wake, with the hearse outside the stage-door waitin’ for the corpse. What you want is ginger ” “Ginger?” gasped Lila. “Good heav- ens, what for?” "I mean you want to put a little gin- ger in your work,” said Effie, unruffled. “Take ‘Don’t Forget Me’ now. Get a swell red dress, to come just lielow the knees, and make ’em fit you—you’ve got a good figure, why not show it? j hen get a big black and red hat with a bunch o’ gold lace on it I think that would make a stunt tin' costume. Then hire a man to sit in one o’ the boxes and sing ‘Don’t Forget Me’ to him. Let him do a little comedy business, you know, and you put a little warmth in your work, and I guarantee the house '11 go mad! Now you go out and sing ‘Don't Forget Me’ and yet you don’t give ’em nothing to remember. Of course, that’s only what / think. Still—” She shrugged her shoulders and tried not to look too conscious. “O’ course that's only my way o’ thinking,” she added. “She’s right,” nodded Jack. “I—believe she is myself,” sjsoke up Dave. “Although I don't see, myself, how an audience could forget your fine voice. Miss Elsa.” Lila gave him a grateful nod of thanks. She couldn’t just see herself in the costume Effie had sketched, and yet she wanted to make a hit. “So you all think that if I got another gown, and sang to a man in a box. I'd make out better?” she asked presently. “Yes,” they chorused together. “But I have no man,” she hesitated. “Dave's got a grand voice,” Effie said eagerly. “He’ll do it for you, Miss Elsa. Wont you. Dave? And he can sing the last chorus with you, too. That's alwaya good for an encore, you know.” “Oh, I couldn't,” cried Lila. “Now Dave wants to, don't you, Dave?” flashed Effie. “My dear Miss Grace—” “He'd like to do it!” said Effie tri- umphantly. “I would indeed,” added Dave, with an admiring glance. “It aint 110 trouble.’* Lila turned helplessly away. “This is too much, you are all too good,” she murmured. “I’ll never for- get your kindness, but I can’t allow Mr.—Mr.—to do this for me, I just can’t!” “Now, Miss Elsa, you let Dave do it,” said Jack quickly. “It will help y^ur act, and wont be any trouble to him.”ACE HIGH 643 And so it was settled. Or rather Miss Elsa was to meet the Three Dancing piut differemh^and ^ co,stumed her Graces in the hotel dining-room in half	new “popular^ sones with rT° an hour and they were to make the final	was all about “Moonlight " *nd t ‘W arrangements for the new act. For Lila	named Rnv" ’ Z..2 31 had decided to accept Dave’s services and Effie’s advice. Only she was afraid of what her maid of . vv:- might say when she heard about the change. Effie hurried away to her dress- ing-room with her head held high, and a rosy flush of excitement prettily coloring her cheeks. “Them Sisters Astoria saw me talking intimately with Lila Elsa star, all rig h t, boys,” she cooed, with a satisfied smile. “I guess they’ll try to lord it over me again— not!” “Yes, it does feel kind of good to bask in the light of the star, doesn’t it?” said Dave thoughtfully. It soon became a regular thing, for Lila to have sup- per with the Graces each night after the show. Sometimes they had dinner together before the evening performance, and once she went shopping with Effie. It seemed to her that no matter which way she turned there was always one of them near to suggest this or propose that, and while they were not people she would have ever picked out for com- panions, much less friends, matters drifted along by degrees until at least a fair show of friendliness was pre- sented to the outside world. That they had helped her with her act was an undisputed truth. Following tLtdKit4?	t^sr named Roy who loved a goil named -Pearl, and was declared to be the gem the collection by the zealous Effie. Lila felt like apol- ogizing, at least through the press, the first time she sang it. But, Io and behold! She took six bows after the second verse. The Three Dancing Graces counted them on their fingers. Dave Grace, who clowned for laughs in a box when she sang her famous waltz-song, “Don't Forget Me,” was a tall, slim, clean-cut man, with a bari- tone voice which he handled almost artistically, consid- ering that he had had little or no training. Of the three, he was the least vulgar, the most tactful. He was quiet, but he was never stupid. Often at supper, w h i 1 e Effie and Jack were loudly discussing the mer- its of the various performers in the din- ing-room. Lila and Dave would sit and discuss some book she had given him to read. She found that he had read little because they “had no time for reading,” but he was intelligent and lie quickly grasped the meanings which she pointed out to him through the books. When it was learned, on Thursday, that both the Three Dancing Graces and Lila Elsa were to play the same city the following week, Effie’s joy was outspoken and unmistakable.644 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM “We’ve all got to be such good friends; 1 guess we'd miss each other if we went separate ways now, eh r she smiled affectedly. •‘It will be nice,” said Jack. “And we can work up a good finish for your new song, you know, Dave put in. Lila protested feebly. “You know 1 can’t let you do this for me any longer,” she cried. “You have been too kind, and 1 have pre- sumed on your kindness as it is, and now I must get a man to work with me regularly.” “Oh! Now just listen to her, will you?” cried Effie, airily. “You’ll do nothing of the kind, will she, boys? Of course, Dave will do that for you just as long as he can—it’s such a little thing!” “But its unprofessional,” hazarded the star, hoping that this would bear weight with Effie. “Between friends—” shrugged Effie, and so the matter was allowed to stand, Lila comforted herself with the re- minder that her new opera would be ready for rehearsal earlier than she ex- pected and th^n, without wounding their feelings, or without seeming un- grateful for their help in shaping her act for her, she could turn her back on the Three Dancing Graces and say good-by to them forever. “They’re not our kind, Miss Lila,” her maid had insisted more than once. “You’d be ashamed to ask them to your house to dinner some Sunday night and have all your friends meet them, now wouldn’t you? They may be nice, yes, Miss Lila, but so is a Spanish mackerel with drawn butter. The young woman, Miss Effie, they call her, is grating! She sets a body’s nerves all on edge. She’s forever fixing things. And that Mr. Jack! He’s worse—if possible. Only Mr. Dave, Miss Lila—” “Yes,” said the star quietly, as the woman hesitated. “What about Mr. Dave, Martha?” "Well, if he’d ever get away from the other two I guess he might have a fight- ing chance, Miss Lila,” Martha an- swered grimly. “He hasn’t got a fussy look about him, and he talks more as you talk than the others. He’s almost presentable. Still they’re not your sort. It’s kinder to drop them now, Miss Lila.” While she recognized the truth of the woman’s remarks, Lila silenced her gently but firmly—only the old crea- ture's long and faithful service saved her from a scolding. For somehow Lila Elsa, star, did not like to hear the truth a!>out handsome Dave Grace. But Martha’s words left their mark, and she found herself wondering how she could break with the dancing act with- out hurting their feelings. “Is it possible that people are watch- ing, perhaps laughing?” she frowned at herself in the mirror. “I, Lila Elsa, fall- ing in love with a cheap vaudevillian! Ridiculous! I’ll show them all!” That night, when her song, “Don't Forget Me,” with Dave sittingv in a lower box and clowning for laughs, had brought her out on the stage again and again in answer to the applause of the audience, and the house-manager had complimented her on the v^st improve- ment of her work, Lila Elsa was re- minded of what she owed to the Graces. She would never have thought of sing- ing her song in such a fashion but for them. The applause she received they had given her. And they were so genu- inely glad that she had “made good," and had been so sincere in their efforts to help her that she called herself an ungrateful beast and promised to go to supper with them as usual. Effie, dressed for the street and with that ever restless, over-anxious air that so irritated poor Martha, peeped into the star’s room while Lila was ‘chang- ing.” “Kin I help you? Martha, is there anything I kin do?” she asked. “Now don’t hesitate to say so if there is." “There’s nothing, Effie, thank you, nodded Lila, with a smile, while Martha tossed her gray head in fine indignation. The girl opened the door, and step- ping inside, sank down on the huge theatre trunk. From the tips of her brown sudde shoes to the huge black hat with its scarlet plumes, set rakishly on her blonde curls, she was the picture of unadorned vulgarity. Lila blushedACE HIGH 645 for her. And yet Effie was pretty be- neath this mass of cheap, tasteless finery. And she was still in her first youth. Lila sighed. As soon as Martha had gone, Effie went over and taking Lila by the shoul- ders, turned her face to the light. There was a smile on her lips, but a puzzled look in her eyes, which Lila didn’t un- derstand. “Honest now,” said the girl at last. “Do >rou love Jack?” Lila stared at her, saying nothing. “I think Jack is in love with you,” Effie rattled on. “He told me just now to take Dave and go on ahead ’cause he wanted to walk home with you and tell you something. He never seemed to notice a woman before. It got me guess- ing. Do you? Jack’s a dear, good boy!” Before the cruel, cutting words which came rushing in answer to Effie’s ques- tion were spoken, Dave called her name, knuckling sharply on the door. But she was tingling with indignation when she joined them in the corridor, and the look of mingled pity and contempt she threw at Jack would have frightened off a less determined person. With a gay laugh, Dave drew Effie’s arm through his and hurried her out of the stage-door, leaving Lila alone with Jack. She turned upon him like a perfect fury, her dark eyes gleaming black in her anger. “What is it you wanted to say to me? Quickly! I can give you only a moment. But weigh your words before you speak, and remember that I loath the very sight—” “It’ll only take a minute,” he said quietly, interrupting her. “It’s just this: You’ve got to quit your love-makin’ with Dave Grace!” She could have struck him, but she didn’t; white, breathless, she gazed with fascinated eyes at the unruffled, deadlv- in-eamest little man. “Why?” she almost whispered. “Because,” came the answer, “Effie loves him.” “Effie!” she laughed. “Yes. Funny, aint it?” he said. “You laugh at them things in your world, on Broadway, don’t you ? But strange as it may seem to you for a wife to love her husband, little Effie loves Dave. I think —she worships him! Why, she loves him so, believes in him, blindly, without questions, that she hasn’t seen yet what everybody else sees and laughs at—you and Dave! You’re in love with him! Dont deny it; anybody kin see it in your eyes when you talk to him! It’s got to be stopped, do y’ hear? Why it would kill Effie if she knew!” I* or a second there was a brief si- lence. Then, when she spoke, her beau- tiful voice was a-quiver with emotion. “I didn’t know—I didn’t know,” she said. “Didn’t know—what?” “That Effie was—his wife.” Jack laughed shrilly. “You didn’t know? You didn’t care! That’s the Broadway idea! I know. Thank God, we aint got there yet if them’s the mor- als that street is paved with! Oh, you knew—everybody knows that they are married—six years and two months to a day. I know. You didn’t care! You liked Dave’s handsome face, his way. He’s got a way with the women—they all like him. I don’t make any comment there; he’s good company and handy with the blarney. You’re not the first I’ve seen, nor the last either, I guess, but he always came back to Effie. Still you seemed so determined—” “Determined!” she repeated, flushing cruelly. “Yes. You seemed to hang on so tight,” he nodded. “You were a long time making up your mind that he was good enough for you, but once you did—” “Don’t! Stop!” She put out her hand with an imploring gesture. ‘‘You are cruel,” she sobbed. “You are saving things which no man would say to a woman.” “I’m playing the game as you play it. Miss Elsa,” he returned, a trifle wearily. “What do you think would have happened to Effie if you had walked off, taking Dave with you to sing on your new show ?” “I didn’t ask him,” she whispered guiltily. “No, but )rou were thinking about it.” He nodded. “Oh, 1 know; I've watched you—watched all three of you.646 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM Effie don’t suspect anything yet, thank God. She’s only proud as Punch of Dave because you let him sing your choruses. Miss Elsa, she aint like you in looks and talk, maybe—she was a cash-girl in a department store over in Brooklyn once—but she aint got a mean bone in her body, and she’s true-blue all through. She's—ace-high!” Then Lila leaned over and said very distinctly: “If Dave went with me—granting I want him, of course!—wouldn’t it be better for you? It would give you a chance to win her then.” He turned a brick-red. miserable, heart-sick; his thin lips twitched nerv- ously. “1 aint never said that, even to my- self,” he told her, "but it’s true. I think I’ve always—loved Effie, even before she married Dave. I seen her first. But when Dave came along—Just look at him and then at me—there’s your an- swer. But I do love her—I do! And I’ll watch out for her, protect her, bring Dave back each time he runs away to play. I’ll move heaven and earth to keep them together! I aint thinking of my- self—why, even if anything should happen to Dave, she wouldn’t look at me—except the way she does now, as a good old pal. That’s what I am, you know—a pal!” Lila Elsa drew the folds of her cloak more closely around her. She was sud- denly cold. “I’m going back to New York—to- night,” she said gently. “Never mind the management here; a few hundred will fix it with them. And I’ll never, never see Dave again if I can help it. You believe me, don’t you? And as for their being married, I just never— thought. Such things don’t seem to count for much on Broadway; you’re right. I must be years older than Dave, too. But never mind. You go and tell them I am ill—don't let Effie come to me, please. 1—couldn’t stand it, j:**?c now. Good-by. Will you shake lianas with me? I’d like to, because you are so—fine!” He shook hands silently. “Good-by,” he said. "1 think you are ace-high, too.”PROTECTING PLAYS LITTLE UNDERSTOOD FACTS ABOUT THE COPYRIGHT OFFICE, EXPLAINED BY THE REGISTRAR OF COPYRIGHTS ONE morning last spring, a well known theatrical manager in New York issued an item to various papers, announcing the name of a new play which he had purchased for early production. In his mail the following day were five letters of protest, all reading prac- tically the same, from five different un- known authors objecting to the use of the name he had announced. “I beg to inform you,” wrote one of the unknowns, “that you cannot use the name you have selected, because five years ago I copyrighted this same title for a melodrama which I now own. Of course, if you see fit to pro- duce my own play with this title, I would like to make arrangements with you, or I will consider a reasonable of- fer for the purchase of the title. Other- wise I will be compelled to apply for an injunction to prevent infringement of my copyright.” Now, if five different people laid claim to the same title, and each offered it for sale to this manager, it was evi- dent some one was laboring under a misapprehension. The manager there- fore undertook to obtain a little light upon just how it was possible for five different authors to lay claim to a cer- tain title, each asserting that he owned the copyright on the name selected. And here the manager made a dis- covery. The information came direct from Thorvald Solberg. the official Registrar of Copyrights at the Library of Congress in Washington, and as the decision might possibly save many au- thors and managers much worry and letter-writing, it is here given briefly: You Cannot Copyright a Title WHEN Emerson Smith-Jones, the eminent or aspiring playwright, com- pletes a drama, has it neatly typewrit- ten to conform to certain copyright rules, and finally selects his title, he for- wards it to Washington with one dol- lar, to the Registrar of Copyrights, and leans back with a satisfied air, saying to himself: “Now let anyone steal my play. 'It is copyrighted, and the United States government will protect me against any infringement.” 647648 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM In «Iue time Emerson Smith-Jones receives a neatly printed card notifying him that the Registrar of Copyrights has received his manuscript, entitled “A Bird in the Hand,” and that certificate of copyright No. 174435 Class D, has been issued to him, certifying to the de- posit in the Library archives of one typewritten manuscript of said play, on such and such a date, according to law. Apparently this is final and absolute, as the copyright statutes give an author of a dramatic or musical composition exclusive rights for a period of 28 years, with a further extension of 14 years, if applied for at the end of the original period. After a Few Years MR. EMERSON SMITH-JONES congratulates himself upon his happy selection of the title, '‘A Bird in the Hand/’ and undertakes to sell his play. Ultimately it comes back to him from 42 managers and is laid away in his desk. Years afterwards he picks up the Morning Telegraph and reads that Charles Frohman or Klaw & Erlanger propose to produce a play called “A Bird in the Hand,” by Augustus Thom- as or Eugene Walter. Emerson Smith - Jones vigorously protests. He has copyrighted the title, he asserts, and his lawyer writes threat- ening letters of the fearful facts that follow infringement. Emerson Smith- Jones wakes up when he receives a lit- tle light on what constitutes copyright, according to our laws. “The copyright office is a mere office of record,” perhaps Mr. Solberg will write, as he has so often explained verbally to anxious authors. “The cer- tificate issued simply states that there has been received for entry and deposit, a certain manuscript with such and such a title. There is nothing in the copyright laws to prohibit us from re- ceiving fifty manuscripts with exactly similar titles. As far as we know, the material of these fifty plays with the same title, may be the same, or it may be different. The duty of the Librarian of Congress is to receive all manu- scripts accompanied by the necessary legal fees, enter them according to cer- tain forms, and acknowledge the re- ceipt by issuing a certificate of copy- right. It is not only possible to issue fifty certificates for manuscripts with similar titles, but cases have actually been called to the Librarian’s attention where perhaps a dozen titles have been recorded, all the same, for manuscripts which had no bearing whatever upon each other, and no features of resem- blance. “The important point is that the copyright law grants protection to the material, that is, the dialogue and story, while no reference whatever is made to the titles.” Merely an Office of Record “FL'RTHERMORE, any case of in- fringement cannot concern the Library of Congress. All disputes must be set* tied in court, where the copyright laws must be interpreted by the legal author- ities. It is not within our province to settle any case of alleged infringement. Our office is merely one of record. If an author thinks some one else has ap- propriated his ideas, he can prove by his copyright certificate that he depos- ited his own manuscript with our office, and the possession of his certificate is accepted as prima facie evidence that he has complied with the law. By com- paring a certified copy of his own manuscript with the alleged infringe- ment, the truth or falsity of the allega- tion can be established, but this must be done in the courts and not here.” This matter of titles is most prolific of promised law-suits which, of course, never materialize when the authors learn the real law on the subject. Even large publishing houses occa- sionally fall into error. A case in point which apparently presented a new ques- tion, arose when a New York manager announced that he intended to produce a play called “The Worldlings.” One of the big publishing firms had issued a novel called “Worldlings,” a book which had not attained very great suc- cess, and concerning which the author of the drama knew nothing at all. The publishing firm threatened suit, on thePROTECTING PLAYS 649 ground that the title of the book had been appropriated for the play, and that the intention was to mislead the pub- lic into the belief that the play was a dramatization of the novel. As a mat- ter of fact, there was no actual resem- blance between the two stories and when “The Worldlings” proved a fail- ure, nothing more was heard of the suit. Many Titles are Changed TO AVOID litigation, many man- agers often change the titles slightly. One manager produced a play called “Told in the Hills,” but when he learned this was the title of a novel, he changed his play to “As Told in the Hills.” Because the title “The Wife” had been used years ago, Eugene Wal- ter changed the title of a recent play to “Just a Wife.” Countless other in- stances of slight changes to avoid threatened suits could be mentioned, but as a matter of fact all of these changes were not necessary. Last spring many stock companies played a farce called “The Circus Girl,” and a music publishing house spent a lot of money frightening man- agers by dire threats because they we re using the title of a Daly musical com- edy of fifteen years ago. One man- ager actually changed the title to “The Girl from the Circus/’ to avoid a threatened suit. A sharp letter to the music publishing concern would have convinced that corporation that its complaint was not justified. “But,” I can fancy some one asking, “how is it that there have been fights in the courts over titles, and that some managers have prevented other man- agers from using the titles of big suc- cesses? If what you say is true, why cannot I send out a small company to plav small towns with any old show, and call it ‘The Pink Lady?’ Klaw & Erlanger might object, but how could they stop me? And what about Froh- man’s well remembered suit which he won, about the title ‘L’Aiglon?’ And how did Henry W. Savage prevent anyone else from using the title, ‘The Merry Widow,’ even going so far as to stop a company from presenting a dramatic version of that musical com- edy ?” "1 hese questions can all be answered, and they show how you can protect a title under certain conditions. You can protect a title if you bring suit in equity, alleging that other parties are endeavoring to impose upon the pub- lic by false pretences, and that the use of the title is intended to mislead the public into the belief that it is getting the original and not the imitation. Here it is within the discretion of the trial judge to decide whether or not you have advertised a certain article suffi- ciently long to give you common rights, and whether or not the alleged appro- priation of your title is made with an attempt to deceive and mislead. In such a case, an injunction preventing such imposture could be issued, but the plaintiff would have no ground for financial damages. The Way It Works TO ILLUSTRATE: Suppose Klaw & Erlanger produce “The Pink Lady-' on a certain night. Suppose a rival manager produces another play, mu- sical or dramatic, entitled “The Pink Lady,” at approximately the same time, in a theatre right across the street from the Klaw & Erlanger “Pink Lady.” The Klaw & Erlanger forces might apply for an injunction to prevent the other “Pink Lady” title from being used, on the ground that the opposition was en- deavoring to trade upon the reputation of the real “Pink Lady.” But if the op- position could show that they planned to produce an entirely different play, and that the title had' been chosen in good faith with no intention to decen e, the injunction would undoubtedly be denied. But if the second “Pink Lady an- nouncement were made after the origi- nal “Pink Lady” had scored a sensa- tional success, the intent to deceive would be so plain, that an injunction would undoubtedly be granted. I his, bear in mind, would have nothing whatever to do with the question ot copyright.	,	. „ It was by this process of reasoning650 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM that Mr. Savage protected “The Merry Widow.” The case of “L’Aiglon” was a trifle different, and illustrates one other method of protecting a title—and an excellent one. Mr. Frohman had the title “L’Aig- lon” registered as a trade-mark at the United States Patent Office in Wash- ington. Trade-marks are registered as brands or identifying marks, to firms and manufacturers, to be used in ad- vertising their products and goods. Obviously they are intended primarily for manufactured articles, and not for plays. But there is nothing to prohibit the use of a word as a trade-mark. In fact, perhaps half of the trade-marks regis- tered are unusual words or combina- tions of words. It costs $25 to register a trade-mark at the Patent Office, and Mr. Frohman paid this cheerfully for a trade-mark on the word L’Aiglon.” Thereafter he was able to prevent any- one from selling “L’Aiglon” corsets or “L’Aiglon” underwear, and incident- ally from presenting “L’Aiglon” plays. What the Law Does THE vagaries of the copyright law have been straightened out gradually. Without going into the history of all the movements to afford dramatic writers protection for their wares, it can be stated that until the last few years, play piracy was quite common. Until quite recently, such offences were punishable only by the expenditure of much time and money on the part of the plaintiffs, and then the best they could obtain was an injunction and stipulated damages which were hard to collect. Recent statutes, and court decisions, however, have established these conditions: Play piracy or willful infringement of copyright, is a penal offense. '1 he author of a novel retains owner- ship of the dramatic rights. You can copyright dialogue and “stage business,” in a play or vaude- ville sketch, but you cannot copyright acrobatic acts, stage tricks, lighting effects, scenic effects, etc. Any part of a stage performance, singing dialogue or music, cannot be reproduced upon phonographic records without the permission of the author or owner. And—under the recent sweeping de- cision of the Supreme Court in the “Ben Hur” case—moving pictures are an infringement upon the copyright of a book or play, no matter if a complete new scenario of the story is written and only parts of the original are util- ized. Readers of theatrical weekly trade papers, may often read large announce- ments from such mythical acts as the “Bulldog Brothers,” the “Three Sweet- Singing Sirens,” or the “Marvelous Madcaps,stating that “our act is fully protected by copyright, and any in- fringements will be prosecuted to the limit of the law.” As a matter of fact, such advertisers may be violating the copyright law by claiming protection, for one provision of the law expressly provides a penalty for anyone claiming copyright without complying with the Copyright law. Furthermore, the Bulldog Brothers probably do a neat song and dance act, with a little bit of dialogue stolen from Puck or Judge, and wear eccentric cos- tumes. It sounds great to claim that their act is copyrighted, and such asser- tions probably scare off many would-be imitators. But you cannot obtain pro- tection for a clog dance, an acrobatic tumble, a bundle of stage tricks, or con- certed effects. When Ned Wavburn produced a vaudeville sketch called “The Minstrel Misses,” showing 20 girls in black-face, he widely announced that he had copy- righted “Ned Wayburn’s Minstrel Misses,” and that any act doing a black-face scene with girls would be prosecuted to the limit of the law. And amazing as it may seem, he scared off several other vaudeville managers from producing similar acts, though how his act could possibly interest the Library of Congress is not quite clear. He Scared Them Off WHEN Bert Whitney produced “A Broken Idol” in New York, he hadPROTECTING PLAYS pretty Alice Yorke swing out over the heads of the audience sitting in a bas- ket of an illuminated balloon, while the auditorium was in darkness. The effect was striking and novel and made a lot of talk. It was a trick done with wires. Yet when some one tried to imi- tate the act, Mr. Whitney announced that it was copyrighted, and published large advertisements intended to scare off imitators. A certain stage director, Gus Sohlke, devised several new chorus evolutions for a new Shubert musical production two or three years ago. He is an inge- nious and resourceful producer, who succeeded in getting some very pretty and novel effects. And the program bore the announcement: “Stage effects and chorus evolutions designed and copyrighted by Gus Sohlke. All in- fringements will be strictly prose- cuted.” This general ignorance concerning copyright has cost stage folk a lot of money, and incidentally it has produced a rich harvest for a certain class of un- scrupulous lawyers in Washington. Several young chaps who might other- wise starve, have obtained good in- comes by catering especially to players, vaudeville acts, and unknown authors. They advertise in the theatrical papers, and send out circulars, pointing out the infinite advantages of getting protec- tion for your play, sketch, or act. Vaudeville players—those who prob- ably claim in good faith that their acts are copyrighted—are the easiest vic- tims. For the sum of $1, so the circu- lars and ad’s read, you can have your manuscript copyrighted, and then of course there is the attorney’s fee, which may be anywhere from $25 to $100. according to the gullibility or affluence of the person addressed. Inexperienced people who know lit- tle of the workings of the government at Washington are easily led into en- gaging one of these attorneys to handle the matter. Perhaps they live at remote distances from Washington, or are on tour and do not know the proper meth- od of procedure. A letter from an at- torney with aii embossed letter-head reading “Copyright business a spe- 651 cialty,” seems impressive. So the manu- onVi 1S11Sent °u- t0 the lawyer’ who not y collects his own fee in advance but may even write back that the manu- script must be newly typewritten upon fresh heavy paper. This will cost $5 or $10 more. All the attorney does for this fee is to walk up Capitol Hill in Washington deposit the copy, and pay one dollar to the Registrar of Copyrights. Then he receives a certificate which he mails to the author. The attorney does nothing which the author himself cannot do by mail for two cents. For one postage stamp and a letter of inquiry, the author will receive from the Library of Congress a com- plete set of blank forms which any school boy could fill out, and a large official envelope, franked, in which the manuscript can be sent postage free to the copyright office. The fee of $1 must be sent at the same time. Within ten days you will receive your copyright certificate. In the case of vaudeville actors, who are no doubt misled into the belief that their act is copyrighted, the attorney will advise them to have a fresh type- written copy made of all dialogue and stage business, with description of their act, and the title under which they play it. This can easily be elaborated into ten or twelve typewritten pages. This is neatly bound with a stiff cover, and presented as a play to be copyrighted. I have known cases where “one act plays” presented by these attorneys for copyright were mere scenarios and de- scriptions of acrobatic performances, comedy pantomime, parlor tricks, and even of such an act as a bicycle evolu- tion, without a dozen spoken words. Yet if this is presented as a one act comedy or playlet, and looks like a play, the Library of Congress is bound to accept the manuscript, even though the courts might afterwards decide that no real protection can be granted to such an act. The important point is that the attorney collects a fee of perhaps $25 for services absolutely useless, (or at any rate unnecessary), and the vaudeville artist is misled into thinking he has gained protection.By WILLIAM COLLIER WILLIAM COLLIER is, above all else, an actor of personality. That is the principal secret of his success. In that article he tells how absolutely essential a factor it is in "making good" on the stage. IT IS not my intention to write a ponderous article on the subject of Personality. Our public libraries are filled with books, old and new, many of which take you through the labyrinths of philosophy and meta- physics. They discuss at great length the question of man’s personality in the abstract and give you concrete examples galore. But, in so far as the writer knows, they have but little to say along the particular line of the personality of the actor. And that is what we intend talking about. What would you think, if you ever took the trouble to think about it at all. the average actor likes best to do? To hunt? To fish? To mow his lawn in summer, providing he has one to mow, or to shovel the snowPERSONALITY 653 from his sidewalks in winter, provid- ing he owns sidewalks on which to ply a shovel? To collect rare books? To chase his pet hobby, whether it be rattlesnakes or old stamps, to the limit? He may like to do any one or more of these things, but it is not the thing he likes best to do. No indeed. Above everything else, aside from actually appearing before an audi- ence, the average actor likes best of all to go to the theatre and be “audi- ence.” All of which has but little to do with what I am about to write in this story. But, being an actor myself, it may explain why I like to visit the playhouses when not actually appear- ing with my own company. ♦ On one of those rare occasions when my playhouse was “dark” and I had an opportunity to go to the theatre and be a regular fellow, I looked up a doctor friend of mine. He is just as expert in diagnosing the ills that affect plays as he is those that beset humans. It was decided that a musical comedy offered the best promise of a panacea for our particular state of mind. So to a mu- sical comedy we hied ourselves. The piece was just an average, up- to-date musical show. It had the usual elaborate cast of high salaried principals, and an immense chorus, all of which tended to bring down the batting average of the producer's net receipts. It proceeded along the even tenor of its way, with bright spots and low spots to hold your in- terest and depress you into a condi- tion where you wondered how on earth such things could be. I remember I was indulging in the most beautiful yawn imaginable, when my companion nudged me, and accompanied the dig in the side with the suggestion that I have a look. Without any rhyme or reason, and having nothing whatever to do with the story, a group of pony dancers had burst into view. The producer probably figured that it was a good “spot” into which to inject the dancers, seeing he had them under contract and must make them do something to earn their salaries. * There were eight girls, none of them older than she had made up to be, and possibly none of them mar- ried. They danced well in unison. Their mechanical skill was of a high order of excellence. Each of the dancers was dressed in the same style of dress. But there was some- thing distinctive about this group. There was one who stood out, head and shoulders, above the other seven. She was not visibly more comely; did not have a finer figure; neither was she a better dancer than any one of her mates. Yet she was dis- tinctly different. She instinctively appealed to you as being of a higher and better grade as an artist. And this brings us right down to what we want to talk about. This dancing girl, without possessing any extraordinary amount of talent, was able to project her individuality over the footlights so that we practically lost sight of the other seven. The reason was simple. She possessed that rare and most necessary quality, Personality. Personality! Just what is it? If you care to take the definition of the erudite individuals who compiled the dictionary, it consists of the “attri- butes that make up the character and nature of an individual; that which distinguishes and characterizes an in- dividual.” This definition, while comprehen- sive enough in itself, hardly conveysTHE GREEN BOOK ALBUM 654 the idea as to what personality, in so far as it refers to the actor, really means. Let us endeavor to illustrate just what it means. You have, we will say, a favorite actor. You like to go to the theatre in which he appears. Whether his play be good or bad, you enjoy listening to him speak his lines, portray emotions, and go through the action designated for the character he may be assuming. Just why do you like this particu- lar actor? Is it because he is good looking? Possibly, to a certain extent. But, let me remind you, other good looking actors have not succeeded in winning your championship. Just what is it, then, that accounts for your liking and admiration? Nothing more or less than his personality. * Personality means vastly more than the possession of good looks, a hand- some figure, talent, a pleasant man- ner or technical training in the pro- fession of the actor. Strictly speak- ing, we cannot define personality. It is intangible. Gustave LeBon, a noted writer on the subject, in commenting on the fact that it is difficult to de- fine personality in set terms, says that “the fundamental characteristic of personality is self-consciousness— or, literally, an object saying to itself —‘I am I.’ ” This writer evidently had in mind the idea that it is a characteristic that belongs to an individual that makes him in his own person an object of interest. If you are particularly in- terested in some actor, it is because the personality of that actor as shown in his individuality, has appealed to your senses. If you were asked, point blank, to say why Mr. So-and-So is popular with the play-going public. you would probably be at a loss. All you know, or have ever taken the trouble to find out, is that this favor- ite actor of yours seems to be differ- ent from other men of about the same methods and stamp. * I recall vividly the days when I was a call-boy in the company of Augustin Daly, at Daly’s Theatre, in New York. Those were historic days in American dramatics. Many men and women, who afterwards achieved distinction and even fame as actors, were members of our company. I know that I was impressed, as a youngster, by the personalities of some members of the company to a far greater extent than others. A striking example of personality in an actor is to be found in the case of Mr John Drew, undoubtedly oae of the best known stars now appear- ing before the public. Mr. Drew was a member of the Daly company. He had a very marked personality and was popular, not alone with the pub- lic. who loved him for his talents and skill as an actor, and were attracted by his personal charm, but with th* other members of the group. * During late years, Mr. Drew has confined his attention to what are popularly known as “straight parts.” It has been said by some unthinking people that Mr. Drew does not essay the difficult parts he did when ap- pearing at Daly’s and during other earlier periods of his career. One of the finest tributes I have ever heard paid to an actor, was in overhearing a worthy citizen declare, during a conversation, that “John Drew does not act; he just plays him- self.” Unwittingly, the worthy citizen had placed his finger on the vitalPERSONALITY 655 spot. The fact that such an actor as John Drew can go on season after season, essaying “straight parts,” proves that he is not only a master technician but the possessor of a won- derful personality. That it is more difficult, by far, to play "straight parts” as compared with what are known as "character parts” is best shown in the salaries that are paid to the two classes of actors. Any manager, or actor, will tell you that it is a comparatively simple matter to find character ac- tors, while it is difficult, sometimes extremely so, to secure the services of adequate actors for "straight parts.” Touching upon this question of parts, perhaps a word or two in ex- planation of the professional under- standing of the two terms may not be amiss. A "straight part” is one that presents no sharp outlines, which does not depart from normal stand- ards, which represents what is, for the audience, the average man or woman. A "character part,” on the other hand, is one that not alone calls for a greater or less disguising of the ac- tor’s form and features, a sharp con- trast between his actual appearance and his stage appearance—in short a physical impersonation—but is a part that is sharply defined as a type, and departs widely from the accepted standards of the audience. * One of the most glaring and com- mon errors into which people fall in their judgment of acting, is their failure to realize the greater dif- ficulty of playing a "straight part” over playing a "character part.” A "character part” offers a player a far more definite outline on which to build his idea of the character he may be called upon to portray. The most difficult part of his work has already been done for him by the playwright. On the other hand, a straight part” offers the actor little more than the opportunity to create a character. To what extent he may realize and develop the playwright’s conception of the character is largely a question of his own ability and skill. The majority of leading roles in modern plays are written as “straight parts.” The modern star selects a role that fits him and his personality. This practice has its bad features, however. Frequently, an actor essay- ing a “straight role,” will go through the play, making clear each of the points in the dialogue and bringing out the full value of the situations, and defining just what the author had in mind; yet one-half your audience will declare that he was not acting at all. * On the other hand, let some player of a small character part give you a passable imitation of the character he is supposed to be essaying and your audience will grow enthusiastic in declaring him to be a clever actor. This is one of the superficial hin- drances of devoting your time and talents to “straight parts.” So important a thing is personality, when bearing upon the work of an actor, that it is of interest to note that many of the world’s most famous dramatists, from the early Greek days, have written some of their big- gest roles around the personality of some popular actor or actress, or with certain actors in mind for par- ticular parts. If you have read any of the plays of Sophocles, you will discover that the part of CEdipus, which appears in three successive plays, was prepared656 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM for a certain star performer on the stage of Dionysus. * William Shakespeare himself of- ten wrote parts with a certain actor in his mind's eye. For example, the parts of “Launce” in “Two Gentle- men of Verona,” and “Launcelot Gobbo” in “Merchant of Venice,” evi- dently were written for the same co- median. They are strikingly similar in characterization and temperament. It is likewise obvious that the parts of “Mercutio” and “Gratiano” were written for and entrusted to the same actor. Moliere, the famous French writer for the stage, was himself an actor. A reading of his printed works will fail of perfect understanding if you do not discover that his entire scheme of character creation was based on the idea that he wrote many of his plays for the same group of players. Being a player himself, it was an im- portant part of Moliere’s concern that he fit himself and his associated play- ers with suitable parts. Analysis of his plays readily proves this to be so. % To modernize the idea and illus- trate exactly what is meant, suppose that our own Augustus Thomas, in writing his great play “The Witching Hour” had named his principal char- acter John Mason instead of Jack Brookfield. It is evident that Mr. Thomas had Mr. Mason in mind when he wrote the part. He appre- ciated that the suave reserve of Mr. Mason’s acting and his personality were fitted for such a role. In Queen Anne’s day, the dram- atists in writing their plays, wrote many characters with Colley Cibber, the foremost actor of his day, in mind. Victorien Sardou, the modern French writer, has become best known as the dramatist of Sarah Bernhardt. Such well-known parts as “Fedora.” “Gismonda,” “La Tosca,” and “Zoraya” were all written by Sardou with the divine Sarah In mind. * Edmond Rostand, it is said, wrote Cyrano de Bergerac with the famous comedian, Coquelin, as the model on which he based the part. “L’Aiglon,” it is said, was also originally intended for Coquelin’s use, but in the writing of the play this was changed. They tell a story in this connection that may be of interest. Coquelin, who was a friend of the dramatist, asked Rostand to write a play, in which Coquelin could play the part of one of those tremendous grenadiers of Napoleon’s army. Ros- tand pointed out to Coquelin that if they wrote the play around events during the lifetime of the great gen- eral, the part of Napoleon would overshadow that of the grenadier. So Rostand proposed that they take the period in history immediately fol- lowing Napoleon and concern them- selves with the life of the feeble Due de Reichstadt. * Rostand set to work, but before he had proceeded far he found that whether he wished it or no, his theme was developing so that the little Due became the dominating figure of the drama, making the part of the grena- dier of secondary importance. The dramatist told Coquelin of this, and the actor, readily enough, suggested that inasmuch as Bernhardt wanted to play a boy, the piece be turned' over to her. And so it was that the play which was started for Coquelin became one of the greatest triumphs of Bernhardt.PERSONALITY 657 Coquelin did not appear in “L’Aig- lon” in France. His firot appearance in the role of the grenadier was made in America, when the piece was pre- sented at the Garden Theatre in New York. Sir Arthur Wing Pinero is said to have written the part of Paula Tan- queray with Mrs. Patrick Campbell in mind. It is a certainty that the per- sonality of the character closely fol- lowed the personality of Mrs. Camp- bell, and that the role fitted her better than anything she had ever done. To refer to a contemporary Eng- lish dramatist, Mr. Henry Arthur Jones has undoubtedly written many of the parts in his plays with the per- sonality of Sir Charles Wyndham in mind. Mr. Jones has written many parts, those of well-bred, clean-cut men of the world, who have experi- enced all that the world has to give them, and who are at home in any so- ciety. It is in such parts that Sir Charles has been most successful, for he is of that type of man, and his personality fits the parts, or the parts fit his personality, whichever way you prefer having it. * Who is there that questions the truth of the statement that “Beau Brummel” was written with a due re- gard to the personality of the late Mr. Richard Mansfield. If there was ever a part that was written for a particular individual, it was “Beau Brummel.” Joseph Jefferson was so identified with the part of Rip in “Rip Van Winkle” that there cannot pos- sibly be two opinions that it was a question of the actor’s personality, allied with a role that in itself was weak and lacking in dramatic value. Yet through the exercise of sheer personality, Mr. Jefferson made this role one of the most notable on our stage. If such famous dramatists as those found it advisable to write their char- acters with the personality of some particular individual in mind, it is fair to assume that the personality of the actor is what makes him notable in his day and generation. % We have mentioned that it is a dif- ficult matter to play “straight parts” and that it is a comparatively easy matter to play “character parts.” This is true. But it is also true that the wonderful character acting of many of our famous stars is a dif- ficult task. No one would be brash enough to place the abilities of such noted actors as James A. Herne, Rob- ert B. Mantell and Richard Mans- field on the same plane as those of the average work-a-day actor who essays the “character parts” that come along in the course of the aver- age play. These men were essentially creators of character. They did not play them. But notwithstanding all this, it was because of their dominant personalities that they were able to so identify themselves with these roles that each became known as the particular actor who was best known in a particular part. * Clyde Fitch was always famous for the number of small character parts he wrote in his plays. So many and so clever were these parts, known as “bits” in the language of the stage, that many obscure actors have gained recognition through appear- ing in only one part. But a following up of the professional careers of such “hits” developed the surprising fact that the actor who was so success- ful in the character part of So-and-658 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM So in Such-and-Such a play, dropped out of sight and back into the pond of mediocrity. They were accidents of a good part and because they lacked personality, they did not ad- vance. It is the same with many worthy actors who become stars because of the hit they have made in some part. But, once they assume stardom, and have a different and vastly more dif- ficult part to play, they cannot “make good” and are set down as one more of the army of failures. The chances are, the part in which they made their acidental “hit” just happened to suit their individual physical and mental make-up. But they made the mistake of thinking that one swallow makes a summer—that one good part makes an actor. * In discussing personality, it is well to remember that we do not judge a person as we would a statue, by lines and curves, but primarily by the power to do and to impress him- self upon other people. On this basis, it is quite likely that we would have to rule out the charming, ver- satile actress, or the graceful, mod- ern woman of the stage, who can read lines well and wear becoming gowns, and put in her place the quiet mother of a family, who is gifted with personality—a personality that would make her unique and distinc- tive. * In the writer’s own experience, he has often heard it said that he does not act. It is true that I always ap- pear in my own person. It has been said that I have personality. If I have, I am mighty thankful. The critics of my work have probably made the same criticism of me that they have of such actors as John Drew—that I merely play myself. I consider that I am doing fairly well if I am able to appear in new plays, year after year, and entertain audiences for two hours, in parts that do not require me to attempt to hide my identity behind a set of bushy whiskers, or make-up as an old man of the sea, and come on the stage, leaning on a staff. Inasmuch as women go to make up by far the greater proportion of our theatre audiences, it is evident that the actor who is most success- ful in impressing his personality up- on the feminine contingent, is the one who will be the most successful. Women, by nature, are more in- clined to be inattentive in the theatre. They go to the theatre not so much to see this play or that play, but rather to relax and be en- tertained. Audiences do not want to be edified. They seek true amuse- ment—laughter, sympathy, terror and tears. The mo6t successful actors are those who give their audiences these things in the best measure. # Have you ever stopped to consider that the drama is the only art, ex- cepting oratory and certain forms of music, that is designed to appeal to a crowd instead of to the individual? I might appear in my play, before an audience consisting of my one best friend, and I would fail in my pur- pose. A play requires a crowd of peo- ple for its perfect understanding and enjoyment. There is a bond between the man behind the footlights and the people in the auditorium. There- fore, a play must have a crowd. The poet writes for himself and for such other selected individuals throughout the world as may be sympathetic enough to understand his musings. The novelist and essay- ist write for a single reader, sitting alone. It is the same with paintingPERSONALITY 659 and sculpture. Though a painting or a picture may be seen by thousands, its appeal is always made to an in- dividual mind. A play is essentially a story, to be presented by actors on a stage, be- fore an audience, so it must necessa- rily be designed to appeal at once to a multitude of people. You have to sit alone to appreciate the Venus of Melos, or the Sistine Madonna, or “The Egoist,” but, carrying out my previous thought, who could sit alone in a theatre and enjoy a performance of “Cyrano de Bergerac.” This being so, it seems simple enough to hold that the actor who appeals to a crowd, must be gifted with personality. It is the possession of personality that makes possible the definition I once heard applied to the two types of theatrical stars. One type is the star for a season—probably the re- sult of a good part, or of sufficient money to exploit himself; the other type is the well-seasoned star—the actor who has in himself the person- ality and ability that rises above the limitations of any one particular role. The well-seasoned star is the one who visits your city, season after season, and, generally, without re- gard to the play he may have, enlists your interest and support. Before you can achieve much in the drama, you must have those at- tributes that give character and in- dividuality to the actor, so that he, in his own person, is different and distinguished from all others. Without it, you are nil. With it, other things being equal, everything is possible to the earnest man.THE FUR-LINED OVERCOAT By WILL A. PAGE OR, HOW HAROLD DOGSTORY, THE PRESS-AGENT, WAS DEC- ORATED WITH THE INSIGNIA OF HIS CALLING CHAPTER I WITH HIS BACK TO TTIE WALL THERE is no alternative, Harold. You must pawn your fur-lined overcoat.” These dread words fell from the pal- lid lips of Katherine Dogstory, the wife of the famous theatrical pres’s-agent, as she faced her husband in the privacy of their little Harlem flat, a chill day in October. The lines of her countenance were tense and drawn; she faltered in her speech, but bravely continued, while Harold staggered against the wall and gasped. ‘‘Impossible—” “What else can we do?” demanded Katherine, tenderly nursing the little Pomeranian pup which shared their flat with them, and which, alas, was even then whining with hunger. "The butcher has cut off all credit; the rent is long since due, and even the bologna 660THE FUR-LINED OVERCOAT 661 sausage which you quietly appropriated at the free lunch counter of the Friars last night, has been exhausted. What else can we do?” Harold Dogstory, pale, emaciated, out of work, forced a sickly smile as he strove to encourage his devoted wife. ‘T have been intending to go on a diet, anyhow,” he murmured. ‘‘True, it is a bad theatrical season so far. Com- panies have busted in every direction, and I haven’t found even one chorus girl who can afford to pay to get her pictures in the papers. But never mind, something is sure to turn up soon, and then I will be on Easy Street.” “And meanwhile—?” “We must endure every privation, sooner than part with my celebrated fur-lined overcoat. Why, that is the badge of my trade—my uniform ? What sort of a press-agent would I be if I failed to own a fur-lined overcoat? The boys at the Friars Club would laugh at me in scorn, and then I should never get a real engagement as a press-agent. Still, as the w'eather is quite warm now, it might be possible to hock the benny for a few days, and hope for the best. Katherine Dogstory’s eyes lit up with pleasure in anticipation of seeing a few dollars of real money, for times had in- deed been hard in the Dogstory estab- lishment, and clients for the press bu- reau had shown a regular delinquency regarding money matters, though will- ing to promise fabulous sums in advance for publicity they desired through Har- old. Tenderly she turned toward the closet. An odor of moth-balls permeated the atmosphere as she opened the door. With loving hands she lifted the old fur overcoat from the hanger, shook out the moth-balls, and held it toward the light. “A trifle worn, in spots,” she re- marked, “showing the good service it has rendered. It needs a curry-comb badly, and I am afraid it is threatened with the mange. Still, I dare say you can borrow a few dollars on it from the worthy pawn-broker.” Harold sighed sadly as he threw the overcoat over his arm and started to- ward the door. “Good-by, old friend,” he murmured affectionately. “You have been through many campaigns with me. You have been in the forefront of the battle line, when all the press-agents in their fur coats stormed the citadels of the editors You have never failed me vet. Come, and well see if I can soak you for ten dollars. ’ CHAPTER II THE GREAT ENGLISH ACTRESS “You sent for me, Madame?” The speaker is Harold Dogstory, the press-agent, and the time is three days after the events narrated in our last chapter. The scene is the boudoir of Olga Oversoul, the great English actress, who only the day before had; landed upon these shores to begin her farewell tour of America. Miss Oversoul, proudly patrician, in- tensely aesthetic, keenly artistic, subtly temperamental, reclined in her great easy chair and calmly surveyed our hero through half-closed eyelids. “Yes,” she whispered, after an embar- rassing pause. “Be seated, Mr. Dog- story. Madge, ring for some tea and marmalade.” she added, turning to her faithful attendant and secretary. Harold seated himself opposite the beautiful actress, and put his hat under the chair. Ah. how he regretted the ab- sence of that fur-lined overcoat with which to make a stunning impression upon this haughty beauty who had sum- moned him for a business talk. “With a real fur coat. I could boost my salary fifty a week,” he murmured sadly. But hush—the great actress is speak- ing. “You have been highly recommended to me. Mr. Dogstory,” said Miss Over- soul, “as a keen and brilliant press- agent, who can devise new stories even' day. T want sensational things, yet not a line must be printed that is not dig- nified. Always remember that you are representing Miss Oversoul, whom the critics have kindly called the Sarah Bernhardt of the English stage.’ “I shall never forget it. even in my sleep.” bowed Harold.662 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM “With a few notes of interest which my secretary will hand you,” continued the great actress, “you should be able to do very well. You are therefore en- gaged at a salary of—shall we say a hundred ?” “I had thought of a hundred and twenty-five—began Harold, but a warning look in the great lady’s eyes caused him to add, hastily, “but I will accept the hundred.” A few instructions from the vigilant secretary, a pleasant chat with the ac- tress about stories which must not be used under any circumstances, and our hero rose and prepared to take his departure. “You will leave for ( hicago to-mor- row,” added Miss Oversoul, rising as if to terminate the interview. “My sec- retary will furnish your transportation and—Merciful Heavens !” Harold stood transfixed as the actress suddenly cried out in alarm: “You have no overcoat,” she de- clared, “yet it is snowing.” “1—I—that is—” stammered Harold uneasily. The actress stopped him with an im- perious gesture. “Of course, you have a fur-lined overcoat?” she demanded. “I never yet had a press-agent who didn’t possess at least one.” “Of course—” Harold struggled manfully to explain. “Oh, then that’s all right. I could never think of beginning my engage- ment in a city unless my press-agent stood in the lobby wearing a fur-lined overcoat, to make an impression upon people. As he is my courier, my ad- vance agent, so he must make an im- pression upon people worthy of myself. However, I am pleased to learn that you have this very necessary requisite for the distinguished calling which you are now following. And now. Mr. Dog- story, good-morning.” Outside, Harold reeled against a lamp-post, and clutched it for support. He felt dizzy. “I put the bluff through all right,” he said to himself. “But how in thunder can I get the coat out of hock until I draw my first week’s salary?” CHAPTER III WIIERE THE LAKE BREEZES BLOW "Take in my card to the dramatic editor, please.” These words were uttered in a calm, commanding voice by a pale, slender young man, neatly attired in a dark business suit which was evidently left over from year before last. Under his arm he carried a large bundle carefully wrapped in brown paper. It might have contained photographs, but the office boy in the ante-room of the great Chi- cago daily eyed it suspiciously. “Aw, yer gotter write yer name and business on this card.” Harold Dogstory drew himself up proudly beneath the studied insolence of the menial. “My card to the editor at once,” he repeated. “I am Harold Dogstory, the press-agent for Miss Oversoul, the great English actress, and I am here on business with your dramatic editor.” The boy looked at the young man, so inconspicuously dressed, and not even boasting an overcoat, though the day was one of winter’s worst. Then he laughed. “Aw, g’wan. You aint no press- agent,” he sneered. “Youse a book agent or some cheap skate, but you aint no press-agent. Why, all the press- agents from the theatres always wears fur overcoats.” Stung to the quick by this truthful retort, indignant at being taunted by a mere hireling, Harold Dogstory was about to make an angry answer when the elevator stopped, and a pompous, some- what stout individual, clad in a great fur-lined overcoat of expensive appear- ance, stepped out. Harold turned his head quickly to avoid being seen, for he instantly recognized the face and fur overcoat of Philip Bungle, the rotund press-agent who was in Chicago in the interests of Trixie Lightfoot, the music- al comedy star, who was also scheduled to open her Chicago engagement on the same night Miss Oversoul planned to inaugurate her American tour. So then, the two rivals were face to face. Now mark how easily the tide of battle could be turned.THE FUR-LINED OVERCOAT 663 “My card to Mr. Uplift, the dramatic editor,*’ said Philip Bungle easily, hand- ing- the urchin a card. *‘I believe he is expecting me.” “Yassir,” grinned the office boy. “Come right in. sir. First door to the right.” And as Philip Bungle, the rival press- agent, walked into the editorial sanctum and greeted Uriah Uplift, the dramatic editor, Harold Dogstory cowered in the corner, thanking his lucky stars that he had not been humiliated by being recog- nized. For in happier days gone by, he had put Philip Bungle’s best efforts to shame, and there was a deadly rivalry between these two soldiers of publicity. To be seen without his much-prized fur overcoat, and by a rival wearing a gor- geous new outer garment, was too great a humiliation, and Harold was glad he had not been seen. As he turned toward the elevator, the office boy cried out: “A press-agent? Huh—that was a real theatrical press-agent who just went in—the guy wid de fur overcoat.” CHAPTER IV A THIEF IN THE NIGHT “Time to make the rounds, Smith.” The clerk of the Hotel Windy in Chi- cago sleepily nodded to the night watch- man, who looked at the clock, saw that it was three in the morning, and obe- diently started toward the elevator. From floor to floor the faithful night watchman patrolled the corridors, ring- ing in his call boxes to record his tour. On the ninth floor, crouching behind a door which was only opened a hair’s- breadth, was a tense, eager figure. As the watchman passed, the waiting, crouching form almost stopped breath- ing. Then, as all danger disappeared and the watchman turned the corner of the corridor, the door opened. Harold Dogstory stepped forth. In one hand, he held a bundle of skel- eton keys—in the other, a small bottle of chloroform, and a handkerchief. Stealthily he tip-toed down the cor- ridor to a room which he had marked with a piece of chalk earlier in the day. Trying one key after another, mean- while glancing furtively up and down the corridor to make sure he was not being observed, he trembled with nerv- ous anxiety, until at last a kev turned in the lock. Noiselessly, slowlv, he opened the door. From within came the sounds of heavy breathing, and at intervals a snore. Whoever occupied the room was asleep. Quickly adjusting the handkerchief over the bottle of chloroform, the in- truder saturated the bit of cambric with the deadly drug. Then, in three seconds, he was at the bedside of the sleeper. In another moment, the chloroform had done its work. The victim slept without snoring. There was a relaxa- tion of the muscles, and Harold Dog- story quickly placed the handkerchief and bottle in his pocket. He had no wish to kill his victim. Flashing a pocket electric lamp around the room, the intruder quickly saw what he was after. With a sudden plunge he grabbed a fur-lined overcoat from a clothes-tree, and threw it over his arm. “Sleep, Philip Bungle," he murmured in adieu at the door. “Sleep well to- night, for to-morrow something may worry you so that you cannot sleep at all.” Alone in his room, Harold Dogstory held aloft with both hands the precious treasure for which he had become a thief in the night. And then as he fondly caressed the great fur coat which had been Philip Bungle’s, he cried, a la Monte Cristo: “The world is mine!” CHAPTER V TURNING THE TABLES “A trifle loose, but it will do." So saying, Harold Dogstory surveyed himself in the stolen fur overcoat, as he stood before the cheval glass in his room, and felt the warm, heavy folds of the glossy fur cling to his slender frame. “And now, to work, and undo all that Philip Bungle accomplished yesterday.”664 THE GREEK BOOK ALBUM In the office where on the day before, he hail been treated with such contempt, he faced an obsequious office boy, who did not recognize in this splendid rai- ment the man whom he had ejected from the office the day before. “Yessir, I'll take your card in right away, sir,” he cried, in awe. “Come right with me, sir—Mr. Uplift will sure be glad to see you, sir.” Uriah Uplift, dramatic editor and first aid to every new movement in the dramatic world, greeted our hero cor- dially. On his desk was a bundle of photo’s of Trixie Light foot, and these Harold cleverly contrived to knock into the wastebasket, as he spread out his own wares before the dramatic editor. “Yes. I am a great admirer of Miss Oversoul,” admitted the dramatic edi- tor. “I had intended to use pictures of Miss Lightfoot, brought in by your able confrere, Mr. Bungle, only yesterday, but as he has failed to keep a luncheon engagement he made with me for one o'clock to-day, I shall leave his pictures in the wastebasket where they have so providentially fallen.” Harold, ever ready to grasp an op- portunity, was not slow to realize on this one. “If you will lunch with me at my ho- tel, Mr. Uplift,” he said grandly, “we can talk matters over more leisurely. May I have the honor?” As the dramatic editor and the press- agent passed into the ante-room, the elevator paused, and a stout individual, minus an overcoat, stepped out hurried- ly. Scarcely noticing them, the new- comer, who was none other than Philip Bungle, dashed to the office boy. “I am a trifle late,” he gasped. “Tell Mr. Uplift I am here.” “Mr. Uplift aint in,” retorted the of- fice boy sullenly. “There he goes down in the elevator now—he’s going out to lunch with a theatrical press-agent— that guy in the fur overcoat.” And even as the car descended, Philip Bungle recognized our hero, resplen- dent in a gray fur coat, and heard him say casually to the dramatic editor: “Awful bore, isn’t it, to have to meet so many of these advance agents in your office? So much nicer to have a little lunch, away from such pests. There I can tell you all about Miss Oversoul and her new and wonderful play.” CHAPTER VI OUR HERO GETS HIS REWARD “Harold, you have done splendid work.” So spoke Olga Oversoul in her pri- vate suite at her hotel, the day after she had so successfuly inaugurated her Am- erican tour. "And what a splendid fur overcoat you are wearing. Really, I am quite proud of you.” Olga Oversoul had good reason to be proud of her press-agent. Not only had he landed pictures galore in all the pa- pers through the magic talisman of his fur overcoat, which had been the “Open Sesame" to all editorial sanctuaries, but the very success scored by him had been the death-blow to the struggles of Phil- ip Bungle. For without a fur-lined overcoat, Philip Bungle had been unable to obtain the entree to any of the newspaper of- fices. Year after year the real press- agents had come to these offices in an endless procession, all wearing expen- sive fur coats. For an agent to attempt to scale these newspaper Gibraltars without a fur coat, was as futile as to shoot an arrow against the great Rock itself. And so Philip Bungle had failed, hopelessly and ignominiously, anti Trixie Lightfoot had opened in her mu- sical comedy without any newspa- per showing in advance, and to only ■half a house, while across the street Olga Oversoul had scored a triumph before a capacity audience. Small wonder, then, that in her gen- erous heart of hearts, she was willing to concede some of the credit to her press-agent. “What a splendid fur coat. But isn't it too large for you ?” Harold turned toward her suddenly. She smiled. Something in her eyes told him that he dared to tell the truth —an innovation a press-agent seldom ventures to introduce. And then, as the full realization of hisTHE FUR-LINED OVERCOAT 665 trickery came over him, he confessed. At first seriously, then as the humor of the affair struck him, with variations. He described his own sad fur coat still in hock in New York, the envy aroused by this other coat and the keen rivalry between the two press-agents, and, final- ly, his theft. “And now,” he said, dramatically, “now that I have attained the purpose for which I stole the coat, I shall re- turn it to its rightful owner. Calling a messenger boy, Harold wrote a brief note, unsigned, to Philip Bungle, and dispatched the faithful benny to its owner. Olga Oversoul, touched to the quick by this spirit of honesty, proud and happy in her own success, was filled with a feeling of admiration for our hero. “Go forth at once to the leading fur- rier of the town,” she cried, imperiously, “and pick out for yourself the best fur- lined overcoat they have in stock. Bid the tradesmen send the bill to me, Har- old Dogstory, for you are too good a press-agent to be handicapped by the absence of a press-agent’s chief tool of trade. Quick, Harold, so the reporters will be sure to see you in a fur overcoat in the lobby to-night.” “It was a good old dog,” mused Har- old Dogstory, as he thought of the fur coat of his enemy, and rubbed his own mink-lined garment proudly. “His was only made from the skin of a shaggy- brute, but it made a great impression. These cheap coats like Philip Bungle’s are made from St. Bernard dog skins. They are the dogs that go forth in storms to rescue Alpine travelers who have fainted from weariness. I surely was down and out and ready to quit when Philip Bungle's St. Bernard dog came along just in time to rescue me. Yes, it was a good dog.” HOPPER’S SUGGESTION MARGUERITE CLARK, who isn’t very tall, wanted to use the theatre tele- phone one day. “Ob, dear!” she complained. “I wish this telephone weTe a little lower” DeWolf Hopper was standing near. “Try raising your voice, ’ he sug- gested.WE WERE doing the Common- wealth stunt. Our Manager having “flew the coop” in the last town, leaving us stranded, we decided to go on to the next town, which had been billed, announcing the coming of the “Metropolitan Stock Company in a repertoire of high-class modern plays,” and play it on the Commonwealth plan. None of us ever remembered having heard of the town, much less seen it, however. This particular Monday morning, a few years ago, found us and our trunks dumped off at a little two-by- four station, called Warren, Maine. Geographically it is a very few miles inland from Rockland, but really (that is, as far as we were concerned), it is several hundred miles from any- where. At one end of the platform stood a ramshackle old carry-all, attached to which was a pair of seedy-looking mules; driving it, was a red-whisk- 666“OPERA HOUSE TO-NIGHT’ 667 ered, dried up, wizened looking man with a skin for all the world like parchment. As we approached him, something resembling a human voice said, “Carry yawl up fer quarter apiece.” “How far is it?” asked “Lando,” our heavy man. “Little better’n three mile,” croaked the red whiskers. Now we knew, every one of us, men and women, that all we had in the treas- ury, the same being the character man’s (Wilson’s) pocket, was one dollar and sixty cents. After pooling all our money, and buying the trans- portation and paying the hotel bills, that’s all we had. If experience counted for anything we were all millionaires. Now it doesn’t take much knowl- edge of high finance to know that it is utterly impossible to carry nine people and five trunks at a “quarter a-piece” on one dollar-sixty. So, after a very brief consultation, we decided, loud enough for the red whiskers to hear, that we’d rather walk; we needed the exercise any- how, and picking up our suit-cases, we started, leaving Wilson, who has the most persuasive tongue in the world, to dicker with the red whisk- ers about hauling the trunks. The red whiskers agreed to haul them up to the “Opry House” for a dollar. Well, we struggled into the village, (Who- ever called it a town! Why, the total population didn’t exceed four hun- dred !) and made for the hotel, at least that’s what folks called it there- abouts, and indeed was not “Comraer- mercial Hotel” painted the whole length of it? It was one of those New England frame buildings in which you climb up a flight of stairs to reach the ground floor. We trooped into the “office” and turned to the left into the “Ladies’ Parlor.” We could have done that with our eyes shut; we had been in scores like it. Everybody dropped grips, and the ladies dropped into di- lapidated old-fashioned chairs, while the men went out to register. But nary a register did we find. Cause why ? There was no register to regis- ter in. In a few moments the landlord oozed into the “office.” Oozed is right, for it was a sweltering hot day. and the landlord was a man of enor- mous girth. Our three-mile walk along a dusty road had done its work well with us. The landlord evidently sized us up right, for between asth- matic gasps he exploded these kind words. “Be you show folks? You don’t look it. Look more like gyp- sies. Want to stay here? How long?” Somebody ventured something about “a week.” “You do, eh; well ye’ll hev to pay in advance. Show troupe here last fall and they didn’t make enough ter buy stamps to send home fer money—couldn’t pay their board. No siree! Yer can’t stay here ’thout yer pay in advance.” Of course, this was absolutely out of the question and we told him so. Mind you, we didn’t say we couldn’t- We simply said we wouldn’t. How- ever, no amount of argument would move him, so the heavy man sug- gested we go to the Opera House land lay out our stuff for the night show. This was not only a good idea, but it was the best and only thing we could do. So, the landlord being good enough to direct us, we picked up our grips and walked off to the Opera House. It was little more than a bam from the outside, and from the inside, it was a little less. At one end was the stage, with a dressing room each side. The stage was built about three feet from the floor. The dressing rooms were on a level with the floor, with three narrow little steps on the down stage side for the actors’ use when they made an entrance. If,668 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM when you made an exit, you were not very careful, you would drop into the dressing room very suddenly. The stage was equipped with a front curtain—one of those that roll up from the bottom—a set of reversi- ble wings, painted kitchen on one side and pea-green foliage on the other, and on the back wall was painted a window and a door. That and the kitchen wings formed the only interior set; back stage near the wall, hung a wood drop. This and the wood wings represented the one and only exterior set. Hanging from the ceiling, in the center, was a Roches- ter lamp. That stood for border lights. Along the front of the stage set a half-dozen bracket lamps with tin re- flectors. These were the footlights, and many a time in similar places, have I seen the swish of a woman’s gown put out the whole business. In front of the stage stood an old organ with two stops, neither of which had the slightest control over its wheezy interior. This was the orchestra. The seats—there were twelve rows—were just plain, ordinary pine benches. The first four rows were the reserved; they had backs to them, while the rest were just plain seats. Back of these, and above the front entrance, in fact, the only entrance, was the gallery. This was reached by means of a sort of Jacob’s ladder, and was only used by boys. When you got up there you discovered one long bench —in fact, the whole gallery was just a narrow shelf. The one man about the place was manager, carpenter, light-man, props, and everything else. His daughter, a girl of about fifteen, was the musical director (no apologies to Will Cressy and his “Town Hall To-night.”) The manager, etc., informed us that with a couple of passes for the show he could get us a table and chairs, and *‘mebbe a sofy.” “Fine,” said Wilson, who was also our stage manager. “Get us four cups and saucers and four plates and knives and forks, and I’ll give you four passes.” “Gosh,” says the Manager, etc., etc., “be ye goin* ter eat real meals on the stage?” “Sure!” says Wilson, “here’s your passes, and hurry up with the stuff ’cause we’ve got a rehearsal before the show.” This talk about eating had its effect on us all. We hadn’t eaten anything since early morning, so we looked at Wilson. We knew he had sixty cents left after paying for haul- ing the trunks, so the heavy woman (and she was that in more ways than one) said, “What’s the matter with eating now? I’m hungry. Can’t we get something to eat in this God-forsaken burg with that sixty cents?” “Not a whole lot, you can bank on that,” said Wilson. “But anyhow I’ll get what I can. In the meantime”— speaking to the men—"you fellows better get out and dodger the town.” We had a few hundred dodgers left over from the last town, printed like this OPERA HOUSE TO-NIGHT An Actor’s Romance 10 20 and 30 Up-to-Date Specialties You see. they could be used in any town, as they were absolutely non- committal as to place or date. These we dug out of the prop trunk, and started out—Lando, the heavy, Corthell, the comedian, Wal- lace, the old man, and myself. We split up at the post-office, each go- ing in a different direction, pushing the bills into the hands of everyone we passed, and slipping them under front doors. It didn’t take long. One man could have done the whole town in a half hour. In much less time than that, we were all back again at the Opera House, where we found Wil-“OPERA HOUSE TO-NIGHT” 669 son dishing out canned salmon and dry bread to the ladies. After filling ourselves up with these delicacies we felt ready for anything —that is, we all did except Lando’s wife, the heavy woman. She wanted to know where we slept that night if the show didn’t make enough money to pay the hotel bill in advance. Here’s where I got in my fine work. “Say!” said I, “what’s the mat- ter with camping out? There’s a dandy spot right across the river— big pine trees, and the needles thick on the ground, a regular natural car- pet. Let’s go over there and make wigwams. I’ll show you how to make ’em.” I had had some experience in the Canadian woods, having attached myself to a Government survey party when I was a youngster, and having learned quite a few of the woodman’s tricks. “That listens fine,” says Wilson, “but can the women stand it?” “Sure,” I said, “why not? You’re all four married couples, and I’m the only single one of the bunch, but if I was married, I think I’d try and make it comfortable for the girl, even if I couldn’t do any better than a shack in the woods. Come on, there’s no reason why we shouldn’t have a bully time.” I felt it in my bones that we wouldn’t get much money out of this town, and to walk home with four women trailing along was out of the question, so there was nothing to it but camp out. So, while everybody else took an after-dinner snooze in whichever posi- tion he or she felt most comfortable, I took a walk along the river. I hadn’t gone far before I spied a man sitting in a flat-bottomed boat. He was leis- urely filling the cracks with pine tar to keep it from leaking. “Gee!” I said to myself, “if we can borrow that old scow to take us across, the camp thing’s a cinch.” So I walked down to the river-bank and said “Hello.” Howdy,” said he. “Demed hot, aint it?” I agreed with him that it was, but I didn t care to talk about the weather. I couldn’t alter that. I was scouting around in my mind as to how I could get the use of that boat. I finally determined to broach the subject anyway, so I started with, “Are you going to the show to- night?” “Nope,” he answered. “Costs too demed much.” Considering that our prices were ten, twenty and thirty cents, I began to wonder just how much this son of the soil would think ought to be the price of admission. I guess about nothing. “Well,” I said, “I guess I could get you a pass in to see the show free, if—” That “if” just narrowly saved him from jumping clean out of the boat in his delight at the thought of get- ting something for nothing, for if there’s anything in the world that will bring joy to the New England rural soul, it is getting something for noth- ing. “If you will let me have your boat for a little while this evening,” I said, “I’ll get you a pass. It wont cost you a cent to see the best show that ever struck this town. How about it?” “Gosh dern it. It’s a go. When do yer want it?” “To-night. Where do you keep it?” “Right here. It’s alius tied to that pine stump. All yer got ter do is un- tie it and pull it in ter shore.” “Fine! If you come up to-night I’ll get you a pass—or never mind. Here’s a bit of paper. I’ll write one now.” I tore the back off an envelope and began to write, when in chimed my friend. “Say! kin yer make it fer two? My mother’s stuck on show-actin’.”670 THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM “Sure!” I said. Something told me mother might be useful. I gave him the pass for two and turned back toward the Opera House, and as it was getting dusk I guessed it must be pretty nearly time for me to get into my make-up, as I was on soon after the opening. Well, the night came, and we gave as good a performance as we could under the circumstances, but as far as the audience was concerned, you could have fired a cannon up the cen- ter of the house, and you wouldn’t hit a soul. Our total receipts were four dollars and ten cents. After split- ting that seventy-thirty, our share was something like two eighty-seven. Of course, we all realized we “were up against it” and “up against it” good and hard, but nevertheless it was not altogether without humor. Everybody in the company laughed. They couldn’t help it. It was grim humor, but still, it was funny; hence the laugh. Herby Corthell shouted through his cold-creamy face, “Say Rex! what about that camp thing? Does it come off?” “Sure!” I said, “I’ve got it all fixed. I	knew it was up to me to make good now. “Whenever you fellows are ready we’ll make for it right away. You, Lando, borrow that axe from the woodbox over there in the corner. We’ll need that, and Wallace, you and Wilson commandeer a couple of those footlights. We’ll need those too.” In a few minutes we were all head- ing for the place where I knew the boat was tied, and sure enough, there it was, but there was also about twenty feet of mud space between us and the boat, and more beyond that. It was low tide, and—well, there was a laugh on me that echoed and re- echoed across that dinky river. But I wasn’t stuck, even if the boat was. I took off my shoes and socks and rolled my pants up over my knees, untied the rope, and waded out through that mud to the boat, then pushed it on out to clear water. “Now you fellows,” I shouted back, “you take off your shoes and carry the girls pick-a-back out here and I’ll row them over two at a time.” After a lot of guying and laughing, we all got across, but, believe me, it was as near hard work as you would want to get. Lando would never believe his wife was a “heavy woman” until that night. He always thought she ought to be playing leads, but now, he guessed “heavies” was right. I started at work on the wigwams right away. For the benefit of those who don't quite “get me” I will explain how they are made. Who knows, it might come in handy for you to understand the art of making wigwams. You commence by drawing the tops of three young saplings toward each other and tie them fast. There you have the frame of your wigwam all ready. Then top off a lot of hemlock branches and lay them, shingle fash- ion, with the butts up, against the saplings, until two sides are com- pletely covered, and there you have a roof that it will take some rain- storm to beat through. Then cut the ends off some more branches and pile them inside on the ground, about a foot deep, and there you have a bed that for sleeping purposes can’t be beaten in the world. We were just about to start on the second one, after having given Lan- do and his wife a clear title to their new home, when all of a sudden— “Holy sufferin’! Look there!” We all looked in the direction indicated by Corthell’s fat finger. “If that aint the Opera House burning up, I’m a liar,” said he. “It looks like it,” said Wilson, “and our trunks in it. Can you beat that for luck!” “Well! what’s the use of standing“OPERA HOUSE TO-NIGHT” 671 here looking at it?” I said. “We’ve got to do something. Maybe we can get our trunks out of it, anyway. We might be able to save them all right. Come on, Wilson, let’s go.” And Wil- son and I waded back through that mud to the boat, and maybe we didn’t do some tall rowing up that river. We were “going some,” believe me. As we got nearer, what little breath we had came easier anyhow, for in- stead of it being the Opera House, it was a house that stood near it. "Well, we might as well stick for the big show,” says Wilson. “Let’s go and see if we can’t do something.” So we landed and went on up to the fire. By this time the fire-bell, which, by the way, wasn’t a bell at all, but an old steel rim off a locomotive wheel, being struck with a sledge- hammer, had brought out every soul in the town, all yelling for the fire engine, and presently it came. I wish you could have seen it—an antiquated affair that bad long handles running along each side which, manned by twenty or thirty men and boys, con- stituted the pumping apparatus. Somehow or other the hose refused to become untangled, so Wilson, who loudly proclaimed having been a fire- man at home in Roxbury, Mass., be- gan to stage-manage the whole thing. He got on top of that old engine, and without coat or hat, with bare feet and legs, he looked a sight. In fact, we were a couple of sights. Between us we managed to get the intake hose down into the river and Wilson yelled, “Now pump, you sons of guns!” And they did, for all they were worth. I had command of the nozzle, directing the stream where it could do the most good, and in a very short time we had the fire out. All this had its effect on the people, for you could hear: “Say! them show fellers are all right!”—“Them show fellers are the beatenest!”—“That fel- ler on the engine’s been a fireman all right!”—“Say, if 'twasn’t fer them acter fellers, Jim Hopkin’s place would ’a’ burned clean up.” And so on, ad lib, the men and women crowded around us, patting us on the back, and Wilson says, though I don’t believe it, that several of the girls kissed him—be that as it may. However, one man, who afterwards proved to be the mayor and practical owner of the town, asked us, “What do you play to-morrow night?” We didn t know that we were going to play anything, but fatheaded Wilson had to say “Ingomar.” Can you imagine “Ingomar” on that stage? “All right,” says the mayor, “Where are you staying?” “In those pine trees over there,” I said, point- ing across the river. “Oh, that wont do,” said the mayor. “Why don’t you come up to my house? I’ve got plenty of room. I’ll send up and get Jenny (meaning his housekeeper) to get some supper ready. Will you come?” Would we come? During the prog- ress of the invitation Wilson looked as if he had suddenly become an apoplectic. Would we come? It didn’t take long to convince the mayor that we were more than willing, but “we must go across the river and get the rest of the company.” I	told him “how we were sort of up against it, how our manager had skipped, etc. etc.” Well, the upshot of it was that three other boats were pressed into service by our new- found friend, and in a short time we were all sitting around a real table, on real chairs, in a regular house, having the feast of our lives. The mayor’s larder suffered that night, believe me. We slept that night in feather beds, although I am primitive enough to prefer the hemlock. Next morning, while Wilson and I were walking down to the postoffice, a red- headed boy pushed a hand-bill to-THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM ward us. We each took one and read: OPERA HOUSE TO-NIGHT Fire Heroes in A Sensational Comedy-Drama “INGOMAR” Come one. come all Prices 25c and 50c Under the personal patronage of John -, Mayor Well, Wilson looked at me and I looked at Wilson. Then we both stood there and laughed like a couple of blithering idiots. “What’s the sen- sational comedy-drama, Rex.” said he. “Why ‘Ingomar!’ you fathead,” I replied. “What the devil did you say that for? You know we couldn’t put that on, even if we were up in it. which we’re not.” “Oh, well!” said Wilson, “We'll give them ‘An Actor’s Romance,* again. They wont know the differ- ence.” This was really the only play in our repertoire that we could put on with the stuff we had, as all the rest of the six plays required either “Cen- ter door fancies” or “set rocks” or “prison scene.” so we concluded that the theatre-going public of Warren. Maine, would have to put up with what we could give them, “An Ac- tor’s Romance.” That night the Opera House was packed; even the dinky little gallery was full. I believe every one of War- ren’s four hundred inhabitants were there. Everything we did was re- ceived uproariously. The manager, carpenter, props and lights donated the house, and when Wilson counted up, there was a hun- dred and thirty-seven dollars and twenty-five cents, more money than we had played to for at least two moons. We stayed at the house of our friend, the mayor, that night, and the next morning saw us and our bag- gage on a train bound for New York with through tickets and eight dol- lars apiece in our pockets. Almost the entire village population were there to see us off—which they did with three cheers for the “acter fellers.” This all happened some years ago. Since then Wilson. Lando, Corthell and myself have climbed to more or less dizzy heights on the theatrical ladder of fame, but if you ever want to get a laugh out of any one of us when we meet, just say, “Warren, Maine.”THE- GRE.E.N BOOK ALBUM—THE. GRLAT STORE. WINDOW OF AMERICA Heating hopes realized Mothers of the last gen- eration, sitting at their drafty fire-places, dreamed of better things to come for their grand - daughters. They knew much was lacking in home-warming devices, and that improve- ments would come. And in the fulness of time their visions have taken form in American * Ideal l\Radiators '-^IBoiixrs Nothing better has been brought out in the forward steps from fireplace, bed-warmer and foot-stove—from uncertainty to certainty—than warming a home by IDEAL Boilers and AMERICAN Radiators. They put the glow of dependable comfort in every room, and give the women of to-day more time to realize their highest ideals. Because (unlike old-fashioned heating methods) they bring no smoke, gases, soot or dust into the rooms, cleaning work is enormously reduced. Not only do they insure a clean home, but AMERICAN Radiators are themselves easy to clean. You have no rusty stove-pipes to put up and take down; no stoves to “black;” no registers to throw out dust or soot. Our Radiators can be easily brush-cleaned, and all patterns for kitchens, laundries, bath-rooms, etc., can be scrubbed like a kitchen floor. They make for the “clean and simple life.” IDEAL Boilers are self-acting. Kindle the fire once a year, put in coal once or twice a day, take up ashes every other day, and your rooms are automatically kept evenly warm. No parts to wear or burn out, warp or loosen—will outlast your building. Our immense annual sales in America and Europe enable us to offer IDEAL Boilers and AMERICAN Radiators at a cost no greater than asked for inferior apparatus—at prices now easily	Sil23Si^ within reach of all. Our several factories are so located that they save heavily in freight on raw materials and on finished outfits from factory to user. We therefore offer the greatest	J| possible value in heating- outfits. Accept no substitute. Start in to-day to realize your "heating hopes” by writing for our 'Ideal Heating" catalog (free). It is full of facts you ought to know. large cities AmericanKadiator Company Avenue, Chicago In writing lo advertisers it ia of advantage to mention THE GREEN BOOK A LB til. A No. 1-25-W IDEAL Boiler and S75 It. ol 38 In. AMERICAN Radi- ators, costing the owner $230. were used to beat this cottage. At this price the goods can be bought ol any re putable, com- petent Fitter. This did not In- clude cost ol labor, pipe, valves. Ireight, etc.. which are extra, and vary according to climatic and other conditions.THE. GRE.LN BOOK ALBUM-THE, GRE.AT STORE, WINDOW OF AMERICA r No-Rim-Cut Tires Proved Average Oversize, 16.7% Goodyear No-Rim-Cut lires are advertised as "10 per cent oversize.” We claim that this oversize adds 25 per cent to the tire mileage. The actual oversize, over five leading makes, was lately found to average 16.7 per cent. Note the table below. Oversize is not measured by calipers. It is measured by air capacity. Air carries the load. Note that only three tires in these 20 com- parisons came within 10 per cent of our size. That's because No-Rim-Cut tires have the hookless base. Your removable rim flanges, with these tires, turn outward instead of inward. Thus the tire has an extra flare. Each one per cent oversize means one per cent extra carrying capacity. Oversize means to save blow-outs—to increase tire mileage—to cut down tire expense. Yet these oversize tires which can’t rim-cut now cost no more than other standard tires. Last Year The sale of Good year tires exceeded the pre- vious 12 year* put together. We sold enough last year to completely equip 102,000 cart. No-Rim-Cut tires now far outsell any other type of tire. Just because these two features—No-Rim-Cut and oversize—cut tire bills right in two. And tens of thousands of lasers have proved it. Comparison of Sizes Between Six Leading Makes of Tires Rated        Make        Cubic   Riro-Cut Rated       Make        Cubic    Rim-Cut Size                     Cap'ty  O'ersize Size                    Cap'ty  O'ersize 30x3    1---No-Rim-Cut   ♦89 in. 21.5%    34x4   1---No-Rim-Cut   858 in.    12.5% 2 ---............. 402 "                                    762 ” »»                       381 ”   29.4 ^   M     3---............. 760 ’•     12.7% i»                       371 ”   *»    4---............  733 ”      17.0% 3*3 "   27.5%                            822 ”       4.3% •l    6---.............  365 ”   34.0%                            794 ”       8.0% 32x34   1---No-Rim-Cut   637 "   5.5%     36x44  1---No-Rim-Cut   1190 ’’    23.0% 2 ---............. 603 ”   10.4%                            966 ”      11.8% •»    3---.............  577 "   *•    9---              1064 M 4---.............  586 ”   18.6%                            1025 ”     16.0% ti    5---.............  577 ”   10.4<7o  •»    5---              1055 ’•    12.6% fr---...........   546 ”    • "  6---............  1080 ”     10.3% Average No-Rim-Cut. Oversize, 16.7% In writing to advertisers it is ol advantage to mention THE GREEN BOOK AI.ni M.THU GRE.HN BOOK ALBUM—THE. GRLAT STORE. WINDOW OF AMLRiCA No-Rim-Cut Tires 127 Leading Makers Adopt Them For the year igio, 44 leading motor car makers contracted for Goodyear tires. For the year 1911, 64 makers came to them. For this year vve have contracts from the makers of 127 leading cars. That shows how car makers—the shrewdest of experts—have come to the Goodyear tires. Tires can never be made, in our estimation, better than Goodyear tires of today. As for users, the demand in the past two years has multiplied six times over. Tens of thousands of users have told tens of thousands of others how their tire bills were cut in two. Now more motor car owners buy these patented tires than any other tires in ex- istence. The Saving No-Rim-Cut tires are the final result of 13 years spent in tire making. Year after year we have been constantly learning by wearing out tires on tire-test- ing machines. We have compared in this way hundreds of fabrics and formu- las, methods and proc- esses, until we knew what was best. Then No-Rim-Cut tires make rim-cutting im- possible. With old-type tires—clincher tires—23 per cent of all ruined tires are rim-cut. All that ruin is saved—all that worry avoided —by the use of No-Rim-Cut tires. Even 10 per cent oversize, under average conditions, add S25 per cent to the tire mileage. And our oversize, as shown by the table, averages 16.7 per cent These two features together—No-Rim-Cut and oversize—under average conditions cut tire bills in two. No Extra Cost * YEAR No-Rim-Cut Tires With or Without Double-Thick Non-Skid Treads No-Rim-Cut tires, when first brought out, cost one-fifth more than other stan- dard tires. Now they cost but an equal price. So the saving they make is entirely clear. That's why every tire user who knows the facts insists on No-Rim-Cut tires. OurTire Book,based on 13 years of tire making, is filled with facts you should know. Ask us to mail it to you. THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY, AKRON, OHIO Branches and Agencies in 103 Principal Cities We Make All Kinds of Rubber Tires. Tire Accessories and Repair Outfits Main Canadian Office, Toronto, Ont.	Canadian Factory, Bowmanville, Ont. In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THE GREEN BOOK ALBl M.THE GRLLN BOOK ALBUM—THE. GRE.AT STORE. WINDOW OF AMERICA Has Endorsed CuticuraSoap A generation of mothers has found no soap so well suited for cleansing and purifying the skin and hair of infants and children as Cuticura Soap. Its absolute purity and refreshing fragrance alone are enough to recommend it above ordinary skin soaps, but there is added to these qualities a delicate yet effective medication, derived from Cuticura Ointment, which renders it most valuable in overcoming a tendency to distress- ing eruptions, irritations and chaf- ings, and in promoting a normal condition of skin and hair health. Cuticura Snap and Ointment sold everywhere. 8am- ;.leof ouch free; address 'Cuticura,' dept. 038. Boston. TENDER-FACED MEN Should shave with Cuticura 8oap Shaving Stick. Makes shaving n luxury Instead of a torture. In Nickeled Box. at stores or by mail, post-paid, 25c. The Ideal Sight Restorer Sent on 10 days Free Trial If your eyes ore affected in any way whatever, waste no time. Today, without a min- ute’s delay, Bvail yourself ol this 10 days' free trial offer. At our expense teat the cur- ative powers of this wonderful apparatus. Eyestrain, near sight, far sight, astigmatism and kin dred defects are always benefited, often cured without the expense or pain of an operation—and without the use of glasses. Thousands of people whose eyes were failing have successfully used the Ideal Sight Restorer and now enjoy perfect sight. In some cases it has even cured people who were actually thought to be blind. Yon can safely use it in your own home without the aid or knowledge of anyone. It is simple and easy to operate. Five minutes manipulation twice a day is all Lhat is need- ed. You notice the marvelous effect of this treatment almost immediately. Without touching the eye itself, this wonderful device helps nature to stimulate the weakened vision to new strength by restoring to the delicate optic organ its normal blood supply. Old people m» well aa young are benefited by the Ideal Sight Restorer, and no matter what your age you can have a full 10 days' trial at our expense. This trial obligates you n no way and is absolutely free. Write for "The Eye." an illustrated booklet that tells all about eye troubles and further explains the Ideal treat- ment. Sent free. THE IDEAL CO., Dept. 31, 134 West 65th St., H. T. AGeneration of Mothers Stain Your Hair A BEAUTIFUL RICH BROWN “You'd never think I stained my hair, after I See Mrs. Potter’s Walnut-Tint Hair Stain. The tain doesn't hurt the hair as dyes do, hut leaves it nice and fluffy, with a beautiful rich brown color.’• SEND FOR A TRIAL PACKACE It only taken yon n few mi nil ton once n month to Apply Mru. Pot- ter'* Walnut-Tint Huir Stain with your comb. Doesn’t rub off, it i* free from lead. *ulphur, Nilrer. and all metallic compound*. Hn* no odor, no pediment, no Kreatfe. One bottle of Mr*. iptter'B Walnut-T|nt. Hair Stain should liwt yon a year. Bell* for 91.00	per bottle at first-clasn drusKieifH. We guarantee natUfnct ion. bend your name and addre** and enclose 25 cent* (stamps or coin) uud wewill mail you, charee* prepaid, a trial packaue. in plain, sealed wrapper, with valuable booklet on hair. Mr*. Potter'* Hygienic Supply Go., 1490 Groton BId«., Cincinnati. Ohio. In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THT. CURES HOOK ALBl'M.THL GRLLN BOOK ALBUM THL ORLAT .STORE. WINDOW OF AMLR1CA Patent processes wffl never put PATIENT processes out of fashion. There's no patent on the long two years given up to the mellow- ing of those Burley leaves until they are ready to be called VELVET. It's patience that matures the ripe, rich, smooth good- ness of Velvet. You don’t have to have patience—Velvet has it alL Just mention it to your dealer. He has lots of exercise reaching for it. THE SMOOTHEST TOBACCO DIAMON DS ON CREDIT 20% DOWN—10% PER MONTH Why wait for your Diamond until you have saved the price? Pay for it by the Lyon Method. Lyon’s Diamonds are guar- anteed perfect blue-white. A written guarantee accompanies each Diamond. All goods sent prepaid for inspection. 10$) discount for cash. Send now for catalogue No. 8	Established 1843 J.M.LY0N& CO., 71-73 Nassau St., N.Y, (HU/ In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM.THE. GRE.E.N BOOK ALBUM-THE. GRLAT STORE- WINDOW OF AME.RJCA Success Awaits You Opportunity Knocks at Your Door! WILL YOU ANSWER? Would you realize your ambitions? Would you attain lolty ideals and gain vour heart's noblest desires? You possibly love the consciousness of power and wish to win greater honor. Perhaps you desire to mount higher in youi accepted calling, or long lor a better social position. You may want to turn lailurc into success—seek love—happiness—friendship. The secret force th.it will enable you to accomplish all these things LIES DORMANT WITHIN YOU. It only nerds developing All that is attractive in man; all that is powerful for good in his nature; all those qualities which make man capable ol rising in the world, spring from his PERSONAL MAG- NETISM. You can develop this great force itt a few days, at your home, without the knowledge o! your nearest friends. You can become acquainted with the science that pertains so intimately to yoursell—that ib so lull ol startling surprises—that shapes the path of the human will—THAT HOLDS THE MINDS 6f MEN. There is a book that gives you the key to Personal Magnetism; that unveils the secrets of Hypnotism; that lays bare the science of Personal Influence. It is Iroui the pen ol the World’s greatest authority, Dr. X. La Motte Sage. It is sent absolutely free to all who ask for it. It is a comprehensive treatment of one hundred pages. Mail a request lor the book today; you will receive it by RETURN MAIL. A postal card...... I	..... it to your very door. Address, dropped in the box at the corner will NEW YORK INSTITUTE OF SCIENCE Dept. 8, Rochester, N. Y. MEMORY the BASIS of ALL KNOWLEDGE Yno trtno rrvittr int*H«*(uiUy than TOUrraMnorT 72 **5 Sri.""0*T',’ pobllo Spnl 'DC. InrmKi Inccma. g.ni abtoluulj FRgE_Addnaa, OICKSQW MEMORY SCHOOL, 608 auditorium Bldo.. Chle.nB 1912_YALE SERVICE Is the natural result of YALE quality, which is based on correct design, highest grade materials, skilled workmanship and special automatic machinery. There are more drop forgings used in the YALE than in any other motorcycle built. , All four 11J2 models—4 H. P. to 7 H. P. Twin—have 2)1 in. Studded Tires. Eclipse .. Free Engine Clutch. Eccentric Yoke and Muffler Cut-Out. Write today for advance information about these real 1912 models, so that you can sec-, by comparison, the superiority of the YAI.E. THE CONSOLIDATED MFG. CO. 1723 Fernwood Ave. -	... Toledo, Ohio A Happy Marriage Depends largely on a knowl’ edge of the whole truth about self and sex and their relation to life and health. This knowl- edge does not come intellicent- ly ol itself, nor correctly from ordinary every day sources. SEXOLOGY {Illustrated) by William H. Walling. A. M..M. D.. imparts in a clear, wholesome way. in one volume: Knowledge a Young Man Should Have. Knowledge a Young Hucband Should Have. Knowledge a Father Should Have. Knowledge a Father Should Impart to Hi* Son. Medical Knowledge a Husband Should Have. Knowledge a Young Woman Should Have. Knowledge a Young Wife Should Have. Knowledge a Mother Should Have. Knowledge a Mother Should Impart to Her Daughter. Medical Knowledge a Wife Should Have. All in one volume. Illustrated. $2 postpaid Write lor '* Other People's Opin'nns'* and Tahle of Contents. PURITAN PUB. CO.. 789 Perry Bids., PHILA. PA. Magnificent Steel Launch $QC Complete With Engine, Ready to Run	V 18-20»23 and 27 ft. boats at proportionate prices. All launches tested aud fitted with Detroit two-cycle reversible enginrs with speed controlling lever—simplest engin. mude—starts without cranking—has only 13 moving pans—anyone can run it. The Safe Launch—abso- lutely non-sinkable—need* no boathouse. All bof.ts fitted with air-tight compartments—can- not sink, leak or rust. We are sole owners of the patents for tht manufacture of rolled steel- lock.seamed steel boats. Orders filled the day they arc received. Boats shipped to evay part SLl2£Z2*ld‘. Free Catalog. Steel Rowboats $20.	(83) MICHIGAN STF.F.l, BOAT CO 1244 Jefferson Avenue. Detroit. Mich.,U.S.A. In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM.THE. GRLLN BOOK ALBUM—THE. GRLAT STORE. WINDOW OF AMLRICA This Is the New Model No. 24 FOX Free to Try - Easy to Buy This is a show me” age and we want you to find out for yourself — at our expense — just how much better the Fox Typewriter is than any other. Send us your name and we will arrange for a ten days Free Trial. You are to make no payment — no deposit pay no express — assume no obliga- tion. We pay the express— we take all the risk- After trial, if you wish to purchase the typewriter, pay us a little down and a little monthly. Will you do it? Briefly described our new perfected Fox Visible Type- writer, model No. 24, is a Visible Writer having a carriage to accommodate paper 10 I -2 inches wide — Double Forward Carriage Release—New Patented Removable Ribbon Spools, automatically reversing and oscillating the ribbon — Tabulator—Back Space Key — Two-Color Ribbon — Stencil Cutting Device — Card Holder—Interchangeable Carriages and Platens—Indestructible Key Tops — Light Touch — Easy Action — Noiseless — Durable. Sign the coupon and try the typewriter — Send for catalog, anyway. FOX TYPEWRITER CO. 6303-6313 FRONT ST. GRAND RAPIDS - - MICHIGAN GREEN BOOK COUPON Name- City_ State . A Great Horse Story “KATE ana QUEEN” By Prof. Jesse Beery King of Horse T rainers Equals "Black Beauty " in human interest — surpasses it in practicability. "Kate" a victim of poor handling is vividly contrasted with "Queen” who wais more fortunate. You sympathize with one —re- jocc with the other—even as you sieh for the slum waif and laugh with the child of fortune. Prof. Beery has skillfully woven into this intense- ly interesting and true story, many valuable sugges- tions for handling horses —a result of a lifetime’s experience. Special Offer to Horsemen Prof. Beery desires that every horse owner, train- er, breeder—everyone interested in horses —men or women — should read this great story. To make it possible, for a short time he offers every interested person a copy worth $1.00 for the remarkably low price of 25c Postpaid If yon have oven ii passing interest, in horses; if yon own. train or bread them you will Rather from it a fond of knowledge worth ninny times the *mall price. Send for a copy today. Enclose U. 8. stamps or coin. CDpr With each book we send FREE a beautiful col* r IxI-aC. oreil picture of Queen — oil painting effect— suitable for fruminu. Order today. PROF. JESSE BEERY, Box 569. Pleasant Hill, O DIAMOND ON CREDIT BIG BARGAINS These handsome Diamond Rings are our Great Leaders, meeting: the popular demand in Style. Quality, Price and Easy Terms of Payment. We have cut prices to the lowest notch—some almost in half. We are heavy buy- ers and direct importers, and get lowest rock-bottom prices in all foreign Diamond centers. You get all the benefit. 453—TifTnny	- - - - S1SO 454—Lof	tis Belcher - ■ JO 455—Heavy	6-prong Tooth * X25 456—Flat	Belcher	SO 457—Round	Belcher . . 60 Finest Quality pure white Dia- monds, perfect in cut and full of fieri’ brilliancy. Mountings are all 14k Solid Gold. CREDIT TERMS: One-Fifth Down. Balance in 8 Equal Monthly Amounts. .11 eluws	If LOFTIS BROS. & CO- Diamond Merchants* Dept.L853, 108 N. Stat« Street P	CHICAGO, ILL. Branch Stores: Pitt>hor«h.P^. St. Lmua.Mo- 4ST S60 In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THE CREEJi BOOK ALBUM.THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM-THE GREAT STORE WINDOW OF AMERICA EXCESS WEIGHT           Classified REDUCED By New Drugiess Method.  Advertising TRUE SUCCESS AT LAST   1 ^ O vf v-\ f Double Chin Vanishes.     i^eparimeni During the Last Two Months, Over Fifty Thousand Women Have Sent to Me for a Copy of This Remarkable Booklet, “WEICHT REDUCTION WITHOUT DRUGS." Isn't This Convinc- ing Evidence As to Its Value ? I Will Send This Booklet to You at My Expense. THE JOY OF LIVING IS THE HERITACE OF THE LEAN. I WAS STOUT,-AND I KNOW. My friend* worn charitable and they culled it OBKSITY; others referred In me us being STOUT, lint I know, it was just plain bulky weight. 1 was miserable, — you too. are equally miserable if yon are too ntniit- To red lire your weight you must find the cause, you must net at th*» very reason. I FOUND THE CAUSE.-THE REST WAS EASY. Before I succeeded, I tried everything within reason and some things beyond rnnwn. It wo* maddening,—disgust inn. All I had to do was to remove the cause, nnd I swear under Oath, that by my simple method, without drugB, medicine, harmful exercises, or starvation diet, 1 reduced my weight 37 pound* in live weeks, nnd guarantee that 1 ran do the same for you. 1 (to not use medicine of any kind nr worthless stuff to rub on the body, but aslmidehome treatment: even a child can use It without harm Through t his mjrveloiiR combination home treatment, 1 succeeded because 1 had found the right way, t cnil now climb to the m mm It of Pike’s Peak with ease 1 could not do that until 1 had taken off 37 pounds of my ponderous weight. If you are interested in your own happiness, health and figure, you will permit me to tell you how to reduce your weight nature’s wav. I have printed a booklet for you entitled. “Weight Reduction Without, Drugs,” which 1 am giving away w ithout charge, prepaid to you, so that yon may know of my successful method and be able to permanently reduce your weight any amount up to 70 ponnds, without harmful exercises or starvation diet, drugs or medicines. Bend for my booklet, "Weight Reduction Without. Drugs." It is yours for the asking, and I will be glad to send it to you, postage prepaid. I have found that Ihe best way to know happiness is to give It Sincerely your friend, MARJORIE HAMILTON, Suite 2600.	Central Bank Bldg.	Denver. Colo. RATE:—50 cents per line—cash with order. No advertisement of less than 4 lines or more than 12 lines acccpted. The April issue will appear on March 12th. Forms close in Chicago on February 27th. by which time order, copy and remittance must be in our hands. THE STORY-PRESS CORPORATION Heyworth Bldg.	Chicago, IIL GAMES AND ENTERTAINMENTS PLAYS, VAUDEVILLE Sketches, Monologues. Dialogues, Speakers, Minstrel Material, Jokes, Recitations, Paotomimeg. Tableaux. Drills, Musical Pieces, Entertainments. Make Dp Goods, Large Catalog t ree. T. S. Denison ft Co.. Dept. 30. Chicago. HELP WANTED LAMP—200 HOORS OF LIGBT for 1 cent Makes and burns its own gas from kerosene oil, which is vaporized by a glass bulb burner. Scientific wonder of the world. Lump* used where people have eloctric lights. Makes it possible to sell to every household. Lamp made entirely of bras*. Riches awaiting you. Bush 8L5Q. Complete lamp will be eent, charge* paid. We guarantee lamp as above stated, or your money returned. Town, county and state agents wanted- Lamp a whirlwind seller. Pat. 0.8. A. and foreign countries. New Process Mfg. Co., _Lamp Room 9, Baling. Kansas. BIG MONEY WRITING SUNOS. Thousands of dollars for any one who can write successful words or music. Post experience unnecessary. Send us your song poems, with or without music, or write for free particulars. ACCEPTANCE GUARANTEED IF AVAILABLE. Washington only place to secure copyright. JL Ktrkns Dugdnle Co. Dept. !)9, Washington. D- C. WANT A FINE TAILOR-MADE SUIT' Show our samples to three friends, take two orders easy and make enough to get your suit free. Young men’s styles; very low prices; your profits im- mense. Shipped on approval, express prepaid. |ierfect fit guaran- teed. Good agents wanted everywhere: no monev or experience needed. Write for free sample outfit and great offer. _BANNER TAILORING CO.. D«|’t. 393, Chicago. INVESTMENTS FREE-"INVESTING FOR PROFIT” Magazine. Send me Eour name and I will mail you this magazine absolutely EKEE. iefore you invest a dollar anywhere—get this- magazine—it is wort h 810 a copy to imy man who intends to invest or more tier month. Tells von how 51,000 Can grow to 922.000—how to judge different classes of investments, the REAL EARNING POWER of jour money. This magazine six months FREE if you write ‘Vi. L. BARKER, Pnb.,R. 409. 20 W, Jackson Bout.. Chicago STAMPS AND COINS CANCELED POSTAGE STAMPS WANTED. 815 c.ish paid per 1,000	for certain canceled postage stamps. Send 10 cents for price list paid. Acme Stamp A Coin House, 170i> E. Cold Spring Ave.. Milwaukee, W is. We Ship on Approval eHikeut ct rent d,posit. prepay the freight and allow .10 DAYS FREE TRIAL on every bicycle. IT ONLY COSTS one cent to learn our unheard of pruts ana rrtu rv./ous efftrs on highest grade 1911 models. CKPThDV DRIPPQ Do not buy a bicycle of rAw I Uni rlflUCO a pair of tires from any- one at any frict until you write for our new larpe Aft Catalog and I cam our w?*\d<rful proposition on the hr* sample bicycle goinjf to your town. RIDER AGENTS our bicycles. W« Sell cheaper than any other factory. TIRES, Coaster - Brake rear wheels, lamp*, repairs auJ sundries at ha.’j urua!/•nets. Do Not wait, write today for our latest special offer on "Ranger" bicycle. MEAD CYCLE CO. Dept. B 14 CHICAGO In writing to advertisers it is ol advantage to mention THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM.THE GRE.F-N BOOK ALBUM—THF. GREAT STORE. WINDOW OF AMERICA Bright’s Disease and Diabetes Under the Auspices of the Cincinnati Evening Post Five Test Cases Were Selected and Treated Publicly by Dr. Irvine K. Mott, Free of Charge. Irvine K. Mott, M. D., of Cincinnati, Ohio, well and (avor ably known in that city as a learned physician—a graduate ol the Cincinnati I’ulte Medical College, and alterward received clinical instructions abroad, believes he has discovered a remedy to successfully treat Bright's Disease, Diabetes and other Kidney troubles, either in their first, interniidate or last stages. Dr. Mott says: “My method aims to arrest the disease, even though it has de- stroyed most ol the kidneys,and there- by preserves intact that portion not yet destroyed. The medicines 1 use are intended to neutralize the poisons that form a toxin that destroys the cells in the tubes in the kidneys." The Evening Post, one of the lead- ing daily papers ol Cincinnnati, Ohio, hearing oi Dr. Mott's success, asked il he would be willing to give a public test to demonstrate his faith in his treatment and prove its merit by treating five persons suffering from Bright's Disease and Diabetes, free of charge, the Post to select the cases. Dr. Mott accepted the conditions, and twelve persons were selected. Altera most critical chemical analysis and micro- scopic examination had been made, five out ol the twelve were decided upon. These cases were placed under Dr. Mott's care and reports published each week in the Post. In three months all were discharged by Dr. Mott as cured. The persons treated gained their normal weight, strength and appetite, and were able to resume their usual work. Anyone who desires to read the details ol this public test can obtain copies by sending to Dr. Mott for them. This public demonstration gave Dr. Mott an international reputation that has brought him into correspondence with people all over the world, and several noted Europeans are numbered among those who have taken his treatment and been cured, as treatment can be administered effectively by mail. The Doctor will correspond with those who are sutfering with Bright s Disease, Diabetes, or any kidney trouble what- ever, and will be pleased to give his opinion free to those who will send him a description of their symptoms. An essav which the doctor has prepared about kidney trouble, ana describing his new method ol treatment, will also be mailed by him. Correspondence lor this purpose should be addressed to IRVINE K. MOTT. M. D„ 578 Mitchell Bldg., Cincinnati.O. Develop Your BustJ 50c Package FREE For 10c stamps or silver to help pay distribution expenses wc will send you a 50c package of Dr. Catherine E. Kelly's won- derful treatment for making the bust plump and firm, also our booklet, "The Perfect Figure.” She used this treat- ment. herself and it increased her own aud her patients’ bnst measurements from 4 to 7 inches. Write today. Dr. Kelly Company. Dept. 310 CB. Buffalo. N. Y. jir-aStetorS Kj 1 Come to Florida and Live Like a Prince amonir the grapefruit and die palms and the perpetual snnsliir.e of beautiful North Tampa. On one of these rich 10-acre fruit or truck farms, you can build up a real bank account, for your harvest is not merely an annual crop, but several crop* a year. And the cost is only VA cents a day on each acrc less than a single carfare up in the shivering North! Year after year you’ve envied your wealthier neighbors their winter trip to balmy Florida. Here’8 your chance to go them one better to make your money under smiling skies instead of just run- nine down here to spend it. North Tampa at a G lance: This one county alone, as shown by the O. S. Government re- ports, produces over £680,000.00 worth of grapefruit in a year. Fruit and vegetables thrive amazingly here: several big crops every year. The highest priced markets in the world lie at your very door, ready and waiting for your crops of fruit, truck and poultry. Demand ex- ceeds supply. The hustling city of Tampa, within easy walking distance, give* you the advantages of the metropolis with the comfort of the country. Merchandise in the local store* is cheaper than in the North. 5 im- portant railroads cross the property. 8 railroad stations adjoin il. Schools, churches, soil, water, clitnatc—you must read our free book on Florida tothoroughly grasp all these advantages. Ask for specimen letters from those who have bought in this tract—they’rechuck full of inspiration. Your money back if you want it. Take ample time for investigation, but make your reservation now. Don't let your chance slip by you this tine! Send us’today (pro- tected by our broad, straightforward Money-Back Guarantee) your re- mittance for gl per acre on as many acres as you think you waul. Or fill in and mail the attached coupon;it entitles you. as a reader of THE RED BOOK, to one of the most accurate and interesting books on Florida ever published. NORTH TAMPA LAND COMPANY	G-B. 1128Com’l. Nat'I.Bk. Bldg.	NORTH CHICAGO	TAMPA LAND COMPANY, Commercial Nat'I. Bank Bide-. Chicago. Ills. Send me fRfl your interesting book about flORIDA Uf.D. NAME...............................-.....— 4 ........ TOWN..................................................... STATE...........................................-......... STREET.................................................... In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM.THE. GREEN BOOK ALBUM-THE GREAT STORE WINDOW OF AMERICA This Wife and Mother Wishes to tell you FREE How She Stopped Her Husband’s Drinking By all Means Write to Her and Learn how She did it For over 20 years James Anderson of 213 Elm Ave., Hillbum, N. Y., was a very hard drinker. His case seemed a hopeless one, but ten years ago his wife in their own little home, gave him a simple remedy which, much to her delight, stopped his drinking entirely. To make sure that the rem- edy was responsible for this happy result she also tried it on her brother and several of her neighbors. It was successful in every case. None of them has touched a drop of intoxicating liquor since. She now wishes everyone who has drunkenness in their homesto try this simple remedy forshe feels sure that it will do as much for others as it has for her. It can be given secretly if desired, and without cost she will gladly and willingly tell you what it is. All you have to do is write her a letter asking her how she cured her husband of drinking and she will reply by return mail in a sealed envelope. As she has nothing to sell do not send her money. Simply send a letter with all confidence to Mrs. Margaret Anderson at the address given above, taking care to write your name and full address plainly. (Everyone who wishes lo cure a dear one of drunkenness should take advan- tage of this sincere offer.) DON’T STAY FAT. Obesity Quickly and Safely Cured. No Charge to try the NEW KRESSLIN TREATMENT. Just Send Your Address and n Supply will bo Sent. You FlitK—Do It To-day. Fut people need no tonuer despair, for there Is a home remedy to l>« hod that wUl quickly ami »ufely reduce their weight, and iu order to |>rove thiit it <loi« tuke off annerfluoua flexh rapidly nnd without harm. « trial treatment will be sent (roe of charge Thi* represents the eft'ect the Kresslin Treatment has had in hundreds of cases to those who apply for it by simply Bending name ami address. It is called the KKKSKLIS TREATMENT, aud m.,i,} people who have used it have been reduced as couch a* n pnuud a duy, often forty pounds a month when hi rue quantities of fnt were to be taken off. No person is no fut but what it will Imre the de>ired effect, and no matter where the excess fat is located- stomach, bum. hipg, cheeks, neck—it will quickly vanish without exercis iriE, dieting, or in any way interfering with yonr customary hubitf. Rheumatism. Asthma. Kidney and Heart Troubles leave as far is reduced It does it iu ABSOLUTELY HARMLESS way. for there it) not an atom in the treatment that it not ben- eficial to all the organs. So send name nnd address to Dr. J. Spillenger. l>ept. 2056 E ~'l Madison Ave . New York City, and you will receive n large trial treatment free, together with an illustrated book on the auhject and lettersof endorsement from those who have taken the treatment at home and reduced them- selves to uormul All till* will be sent without one cent to pay in any shape or form. Let him hear from you promptly. RIDER AGENTS WANTED In each town to ride and exhibit sample 1912 model. H’ritt /or SftciaJ Offer. Finest	S?07 Guaranteed 1912 Models V *0	i with Coaster-Brakes and Puncture-Proof Tires. 1910 and 1911 MODELS * "J ALL OF BEST MAKES..—. * fo IOO Second-Hand Whmcla All mutes a*d mrJc.s, good as nrsu Q m 4tO Great Factory Clearing Sale. *0 <po We Ship on Approval without a cent 10 Days’ Free Trial TIDFC Coaster-braRe w heels, lamps, and » /■■to sundries. half usual friers. I>0 NOT et our catalogue and offer. Write n<rw. Dept. 15 14 CHICAGO BUY oil you get our c: MEAD CYCLE CO. Don’t Wear A TRUSS! Brooks’ Appliance, the mod- ern scientific invention, the wonderful new discovery that cures rupture, will be sent on trial. No obnoxious springs or pads. Has Automatic Air Cushions. Binds and draws (he broken parts together as you would a broken limb. No C. f.. brooks, the ui.riirnrrr sal\es. No lies. Durable, cheap. Pat. Sept. 10, ’01. Sent on trial lo prove it. Catalogue and measure blanks mailed free. Send name and address today.	C. E. BROOKS. I 7 A STATE ST.. Marshall. Mich. In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM.THE. GREEN BOOK ALBUM—THL GREAT STORE WINDOW OF AMERICA ILLINOIS ’- the BestW^fcch on Earth-Now Sold on CREDIT For the first time in history the great genuine Illinois Watch is now sold by mail on the easy pay- ment plan. No man or woman need be, nor should be, Without a famous Illinois Watch. , This is the greatest public triumph of a decade—a believed impossibility made possible. It will revolution- ize the watch business. Just think of owning the world-renowned Illinois, and paying for it as you please! For over 40 years the Illinois has been acknowledged the standard—the one great conspicuous watch value—the one watch chosen and worn by the great men and women of oar nation, A Guarantee that Means Something Part for part—in accuracy, in wear, finish, beauty, quality of material and workmanship, and every other feature, the Illinois is superior to any other watch at any price. Both the makers and we stand back of this remarkable time-piece with an ironclad, legal, broad guarantee—a guarantee that means something —that protects you in every respect—that assures you of the best watch on earth. Largest Watch Distributors In The World We are one of the largest direct, easy-payment, de- pendable watch houses in the world. For ooer3Syears we have sold all kinds of watches, and honestly can say that we have never seen a watch—at any price—equal in quality to the marvelous Illinois. How We Save You Money This famous Illinois will cost you less than in- ferior makes, so why not get the best for your money? This is indeed a profit sharing plan. Nowhere else can you buy a genuine Illinois on credit— we are the ex- clusive credit distribu- tors. If you buy from a jeweler, you'llhavetopay cash. If you buy from us, you’ll get it on approval— youtakenorisfe—you have our guarantee and the maker’s and you can pay as you please. No dealer any- where can un- der-sell useven for all cash on delivery. Free Book Our free, beau- tiful, profit- eharing book, describing this great Illinois watch — repro- ducing many handsomestyles. It's worth own- ing. Got it at once and learn the truth about watches — learn why an Il- linois should be in your posses- eion — learn how you can own oneonyonrown credit terms. Send yonr address. The American Watch Company of St. Louis Dept. 201 St. Louis, Mo. IMPORTED from FRANCE SEE THEM BEFORE PAYING! These gems are chemical white sapphire, —LOOK like Diamonds. Stand acid and fire diamond tests. So hard they easily scrat;h a tile and will cut glass. Brilliancy guaranteed 23 years. All mounted iu UK solid Bold diamond mountings. Will send you any style ring, pin oi stud for examination — all charges prepaid — no money in advance. Write today lor Iree illustrated booklet, special prices and ring measure. "IIITE VAl.I.F.V GEM CO.. 0712 Saks Bldg„ Indianapolis Ind. JE3 BATH TUB Costs but little and will last for ‘ years. Weight only 15 pounds. _ Requires but little water, and no plumbing necessary. Folds into small roll and no more trouble to carry than a va- lise. Enjoy the delights of a full length bath in your Srivate room. Far superior to a tin tub. Write for escription and special offer to agents. ROBINSON MFG. CO., 252 Robinson Bldg-, Toledo, Ohio. Mfrs. Turkish Bath Cabinets. iHUG CHUG"ALONG a in„VOUR- _rqw-Boat: 1'ut oars aside —no more long, tedious, muscle straining rowing. Just slip onto the rear o£ your row boat an VINRUDE Motor 01T1CMABU I ROW BOAT and be “in the swim” with other motor boats and launches. Sot a toy. but a perfectly practical, strong lii H. P. engine. Will propel any row boat from 6 to 8 miles an hour. Weighs BO pounds, easily and quickly adjusted and works wonder- fully. Doesn't cost much. Everybody at the lakes will have one this summer. Guaranteed satisfactory or money back. Send for Illustrated booklet. EVINRUDE MOTOR COMPANY, 263 Reed Street - - - MILWAUKEE. WIS. New York Sales Room, 260 West Broadway. STRAIGHT Order UNEQUALED Kentucky’s Great Whiskey Express Prepaid from Distiller to You 9 riallnn^ for 8 for *7-50 or 1 for *3' cholce of Rye- Bourbon or^ral^ltonS^lght^lskey C ballOnS lor 'P',*cinal thoroughly matured. In Myers patent 1 gal. demijohns. To pro.r Hilton is send no money APDBKSS MYERS A COMPANY, Warehouse No. 453. Covington. Ky. Sou Owiraaa D. S. Run. Piit't Ho.6th Dist.. Ky. Order* from jjs	Wrlc^lfor«pre«» terms_ either 20 full quart bottle*, 6 galloon to demijohns, or a cask, for *10 jp P sealed	— Write for our book, “A Fair Customer," and price list- In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THE GREEN BOOK ALBLM.One man'* <>rd*r* $2600 one ■ month— pro III I16SU; Mctcbei LISTEN Get Your Share of this Easy Money Selling EASY WRINGER Mops. 150% PROFIT "Sulii 131 in 2 Jay*-" E. kruribtl. Miuu . “Canv»»»*tl I I tamUtaa, to.ik i I Ordvtl." John 1). IM.tu! mid 6 • Iter luppc-r in lc»» tlijn jii h-ur. IXin l uchJ experi- ence. aclla iiaell Tlui i the *»y It goes. Yuu can t tall. Y»u are U>uiul to wiu- Yuu can *ell 100 mopa a week. working only halftitnr "I don’t ace how a hot- ter seller could be manufactured.” says Firkri J. Townsend. Minn- "Took 16 orders lir»t morning. ‘ N. H. Toneme. New York- “Took »i* do*, orders in four day*." ->is'V. R. Hill. 111. Two turn* of crank wring* out every drop of water. Simple, practical. reliable, durable. never wears out. Every home buys Not-jllcing necessary. Show it. take the order. Get started now. don't wait. We will help you. We want Agent*, -Saleamen. Manager* in every countv to 611 onicrs, appoint, supply, control sub aifents. 150 percent profit. No Investment renuired. sample tree with first order. New catalog, instructions, »wom-to U.V'mOP CO,.'	I4*)4 Dorr St.. Toledo. O. l!=^i]WRITE US TODAY IL^BLJI Sent to anyone addicted to the use of morphine, opium, laudanum, or other drug habit. Hundreds of testimonials demonstrate the worth of our painless Home Remedy and prove that the vital principle which it contains restores the nervous and physical systems and removes the cause. Confi- dential correspondence invited from all, especially physicians having difficult and refractory cases. A full trial treatment alone often cures. Write for it today. ST. PAUL ASSOCIATION, Suite 820, 2IE Van Buren St., CHICAGO, ILL. THE. GRLE.N BOOK ALBUM-THL GRLAT STORE WINDOW Of AMLK1CA In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention TTtE GKEEN BOOK ALBI'M.DEALERS SELL THIS DINING TABLE FOR $4522 — and It is Worth It Constructed of the choicest quarter-sawed Oak, 54-inch top closed 90-inch extension. Massive, substantial—no furniture is better made and— Our Factory Price v.» 900 Saves You Over Half retail price. Your money back at once if you are not satisfied—Guaranteed. WRITE for our beautiful illustrated Furniture Book now. Many more attractive pieces at equally low prices for living room, den, dining room, library or bedroom. Every- thing shipped in complete sections. A few minutes with screw-driver and it is all ready for use. BROOKS MANUFACTURING CO.	6500 Rust Ave., Saginaw, Mich. THE. GRLLN BOOK ALBUM—THL GRE.AT 5TORL WINDOW OF AMERICA A Marvelous Synthetic Gem Thegreatesttriumph of the Oxy-Hydrogen Fur- nace. Will cut glass. Stands filing, fire and acid testa lik§ a diamond —guaranteed to contain no glass. Remoh Gems have no paste, foil or art- ificial backing—their brilliancy is guaranteed forever. One thirtieth the cost of diamonds. Set only in 14-karat, Solid Gold Mountings. Sent on approval—your money cheerfully refund- ed if not satisfactory. Boob In Colors Free Write for our De-Luxe Jewel Book, handsomest ever published. Remoh Jewelry Co., 439 N.BroadwAySt.Loaii,Mo. Reduce Your Flesh LET ME SEND YOU AUTO MASSEUR ON A 40 DAY FREE TRIAL SEXES So confident am I that simply wearing it will per- manently remove all superfluous flesh that I mail i! free, without deposit. When you see your shape- liness speedily returning I know you will buy it. Try It at my expense. Write to-day. _PROF, BURNS I>epV.39t 3^*cV> VorK Health? Take Turkish Batli~at Home —Only 2 Cents Physicians are abandoning drugs for this now treatment. If your mind or body is tirod, or you have rheumatism, blood, Btomach, liver, kidney and skin troubles, open your pores, and feel the rapid change lu your condition, ot costof 2c a bath. The Robinson Bath Cabinet is the Only scientifically constructed bath cabinet over made for thehomo Great 52 Book SonlJREE —“Tho Philosophy of Health and Beauty.” Writo today. Agents wnnt-d. ROBINSON MFG. CO., 262 Robinson Bldg., Toledo, O. 1 he aging of a cocktail is as nec- essary to perfect flavor as the agin^ of wine or whisky. The delicious flavor and aroma of Club Cocktails is due not alone to the precise blending of the choicest liquors obtainable, but to the fact that they are softened to mellowness by aging before bottling. Manhattan. Martini and other standard blendt. bottled, ready to serve through crocked ice. Refuse Substitutes AT ALL DEALERS G. F. HEUBLEIN & BRO., Sole Proprietors Hartford	New York	London Are You Going to Build? Send 25c (and 10c postage) for our big >1 book of plans, “Low Cost Modern Homes,” with houses from $1000 to $3000. "PALATIAL MODERN HOMES" from $3000 to *10,000, price 25cand 12c postage. "COTTAGES AND BUNGALOWS'* from 5300 to $9000, price 25c and 5c postage. J. H. DAVERMAN & SON, Architects 712 Murray Bldg., Grand Rapids. Mich. In writing to advertisers it Is of advantage tc mention TFTE GltTEN BOOK AT.TH XI.THE. GREEN BOOK ALBUM-THL GRLAT STORE WINDOW OF AMERICA Will You Try ftOHg^cifTl At Our Risk? Read THIS! Use Come-Packt Furniture in your home for a year give it the test of service—your money back any time you say. THAT'S the proof. Made from choicest of hardwood— Quarter Sawn White Oak—splendidly fashioned, built and handsomely finished. Exclusive that are simple, dignified, forever pleasing. Your choice of eight finishes. And You Save Over Half By buying direct from our taoloiles. Our new Toledo plant ill nkea util I greater economy and still prompter shipments po»> aible. Our llig "Munoy-Biu-k Catalog” ban ►!* money-saving dt»- i>,uiiiioitts. a Postpaid brings it wwtpaul, Writ*) TODAY to COME-PACKT FURNITURE CO. ( Formerly X »«» ytrmmud TOI.ElHt. OHIO 'Ann Arl..»r I I wood— ^W designs TfflpL —- 16. 18, 20, 23, 27, 28 and 35 footers at pronortlonatep rices, n 155 Family Lnanches. Speed Boats. Auto Boats and Hunting U Oabm OrDisers. We aro the world’s largest Power Boat Manufacturers. f a, $ JEW PROPOSITION TO DEMONSTRATING AGENTS r . mxty-rour different models in all sizes rendy to ship. equipped with the simplest motors made: start without cranking; only three moving parts; ™rV,S>,,,>r < « , ll,‘ Clin run them. Boats sad engines folly punrnnteed. 12.500 satisfied owners. Writ" today for large Free Illnstrnted Oatnlog. IH.THPir noat CO.. 1U3 .letfor-oii Ave.. DETROIT. MICH. Get One American Motorcycle At Wholesale Agent’s Price One man in each locality can secure at a big reduction the beet motorcyclc or bicycle ever made. am the only manufacturer today making motorcycles and bicycles by the _ xl old methods used 10 to 15 sears ago— hand construction of every part by skilled, perienced mechanics. The result is. I give you such a guarantee as no other manufacturer can anywhere near equal—my motorcycles guaranteed for 3 years, my bicycles guaranteed for life. American Motorcycles. like my bicy- cles. arc exdu- • ively band- made in every icular. Such E2 eutures a* thn br\i and Idler. A MF R1C A N motorcycles AMLKltAlN ANr, B,^1CC free engine, excellentmntrel, beautiful. dnrable finish in Oray enamel with Red panelling—distinguish my Motorcycles — backed with tie only 3-year Motorcycleguarantee mads. AMERICAN MOTORCYCLE—Only $139.65 Model No. 12-—PulM t»6 H. P. ball-hearing mntnr; free engine; spring frame: fist belt and idler; every up-to-date feature; this value illustrates the lug value of all American Motorcycle models. Full ilhi.tralinns and description of Model No. 12 sent f reeon request. Also write tuday for my 1M3 American iloiomrols Calalif. stw.inj all 1912 Amsrlran llol.lni„i(,i my special WbolMals PtIm Offrr. To „™r* ad- rsnta<r« of this offer-be sure yi«j writs toJay. Wtiso writing, state whsthsr you are Intensity In Motareyoio or Blcyels. ‘ Pres. Am. Motor Cycle Co., '*<12 Amerlean Rldg., ( hlrago ^ Complete Launch ZXtZ* *94J? RIEGER’S PURE OLD MONOGRAM WHISKEY Purity and age guarantee <i»«d Whiskey. Rlegere Moaograni is alwolutely pure and wholesome.	by us uedei the l‘oer ► mid Ij*i ItD exquisite, smooth, mellow flavor has made it a lusting fuvorile with o*>-r 100,4X10 cat infli-ii customers. We are C. 8. Rr-gietered l'istilier- ' Hist i Her j No. 60. 5th Dint of Ky.J. Why pay exorbi- tunt prices. *hen you can buy Bieger's Monogram Whiskey at the regular wholesale dealer’s prioe. and saTemt'oey by ordering your goods shipped direct WE PREPAY ALL EXPRESS CHARGES •Jta.Blep'-r'sMoiiocraui J |" .00 PR|T*TE STOCK Q I t^u-Ri'-rer's Honor ram $ A .00 f EXTRA USE 0 FREE WITH EACH 0EDER Two sample bottles of Rb-ger’s Fine Monogram Whiskey.Ciold- lipped Whiskey Glass und PhI- ent Corkscrew. Send us an order and when you get the Whiskey test it for flavor, smoothness ana all the essentials of COOK Whiskey. Compare it with other Whiskies (no matter what the price'; test it for medicinal purposes; let your friends try it; u-ehulfof it if necessary to sat- isfy yourself on these points— then if yon are not thoroughly convinced that “Sieger's Mono- gram” is as good or better than uny Whiskey you ever drank, re- turn the bulance to ub and we will pay return chnrgps and at once sendyou every cen tof your money. J. RIEGER & CO.. KANSAS^TY.MO. Men Who Shave with a Safety should send all their old blades to us to be sharpened. Our new process actually makes old blades better than new. Makes 'em sharp and smooth too. We take double the pains that other firms do. One trial is all we ask. 30c per doz. for all standard makes. Other makes at lowest prices. Special attention to mail orders. BUCK & RAYNER, Razor Dept. State and Madison, Chicago In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM.THE. OREE.N BOOK ALBUM -THE. GREAT STORE WINDOW OF AMERICA The drudge trail is the road the untrained working man trudges over every morning and every But, from the drudge trail there are so many branch roads leading to prosperity j and every day many trudgers turn into one of these roads and find success. On these roads the sign-board reads “I. C. S. Training. *’ If followed, as directed, here are neither forks nor cross- roads to confuse the traveler. The International Correspondence Schools are main- tained to help poorly-paid workers. They give such workers the training necessary to success in any occupation. They caiTy this training to the man. They ask of him that lie devote only a small part of his spare time in improving his knowledge. Some I. C. S. Successes There are on record thou- sands of testimonials volun- tarily sent in by men who have risen from almost abso- lute poverty to high salaried positions. Every worker who would like to be benefited in salary and position by I. C. S. train- ing should at once mark and mail this coupon as directed. In return he will receive free of charge invaluable information. INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS Box 830 SCRANTON. PA. Explain, without Wither oblip.it ion on my part, how I can qunlifv for the position U. fort- v I. h i. 1 n. . X. Antnmobile Ivnnniop Min* Superintendent Mine Foreman riumbinc, Steam Kitting Concrete fan-I run,on Civil Engineer Teitile M anntncturinjj Stat ionury Eugiueer Telephone Expert Meehan. Engineer Dlechnnical Ilrnfumnn Electrical Engineer Elec. Licit ting Supt. Agriculture Electric Hallways Structural Engineer II.	R. Construction Metal Minins English Branches Gas Engineer Foreman Plumber Civil Service Architect Chemist Languages Commercial Earli.h Building Coutractor Architectural Itrnti.mnn IndustrinlDealirning Commercial Illn.tratmc Window Trimming Show Card Writing Ad«erti»inpllnn Stenographer Bookkeeper Cotton Manufncturinf Woolen Manufaclorinj Toolmakinc Foundry \\ ork Pattern Making Blacks within s; Surveyor Poultry Fanning L Name- Present Occupation . Street and No-- City- _J In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THE GREEN BOOK ALBUM.THF- GRE.LN BOOK AUMJM THI GIU AT STORE WINDOW Of AMLRICA The Skedaddle (Question) What is it? (Answer) Something to make you laugh. In the February RED BOOK MAGAZINE Ellis Parker Butler has written the funniest cf his many funny stories for the February RED BOOK. “The Ske- daddle” is a droll comedy of a family of harassed suburbanites, written in Mr. Butler’s most diverting manner—a joy- ous carouse of merriment. In a different key, is James Oliver Curwood’s “The Blind God” — one of the most remarkable stories ever con- ceived. He imagines a little sheltered valley in the uninhabited far North, warmed by hot springs like those of the Yellowstone, and isolated from the rest of the world by the wide, frozen wastes of the Arctic. An officer of the North- west Mounted Police stumbles upon this ice-bound island of verdure; he meets a man and a woman who have wandered there before him; and from this situation is developed a romance of infinite power and charm. “Three Wise Men” is another of the February RED BOOK’S sixteen splen- did stories that deserves headline mention. It is the tale — told with Arthur Train’s most consummate skill of a doctor’s perilous voyage to a rocky island on the New England coast, and of the strange adventure which there befell him. In “Crushed Peaches,” Ralph Ber- gengren describes the delightfully amusing adventures of some Ameri- cans abroad. Onoto Watanna’s “The Marriage of Jinyo” narrates in an appealing fashion a conflict between the old and the new in Japan. “The Quarry” follows “Solid Ivory” —John A. Moroso’s really human detective—on another of his exciting adventures. “Father Watt’s Knitting” details an enchanting love-story of California. “Meat” is a vivid, virile story by George Allan England, of a man-hunt that led to the ends of the earth. Yes, the February RED BOOK con- tains the sixteen finest stories which money could buy, purchased by our editors at the great story markets of the vorld. There are fluctuations in these story markets; this season is one of unusual plenty and in consequence we are able to offer a magazine of the richest quality, replete with fiction of the deep- est dramatic and human interest. For fifteen cents you can buy a gold mine of fascinating fiction—the Feb- ruary RED BOOK MAGAZINE. The Red Book Magazine Chicago, 111. In writing to advertisers it is of advantage to mention THE GKEEN BOOK ALBUM.THU GREEN BOOK ALBUM-THE GREAT STORE. WINDOW OF AMERICA ! CRIMP CUT long burning pipe and CIGARETTE TOBACCO Life Size Portraits of the tobacco that revo- lutionized pipe smoking, made the jimmy pipe popu- lar and originated the joy smoke. Prince Albert the national joy smoke 10c If you haven’t smoked this wonderful tobacco, Mr. Man, you are missing the biggest thing in pipe tobacco ever was. Try it in your old jimmy pipe today. It can’t bite your tongue. P. A. has given millions of men a new joy in pipe smoking. It will do the same for you. That’s why it’s now the fastest selling pipe tobacco in the world. Made by exclusive, patented process, that takes out all the sting and bite, leaving mellow flavor and frag- rance. There is no other tobacco in the same class. It s easy to paint a tin and make claims, but P. A. quality is inimitable. Duck substitutes. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company Winston-Salem, N. C. 5c LONG BURNING PIPE AND CIGARETTE TOBACCO This bag is wrapped in weather-proof paper that keeps the tobacco frc;h and frajrant in any climate. In writing: to advertisers jt is of advantage to mention THE GKKEN UOQK AI.1SI M.toasted “"CORN 4 ,fUkes Geography up-to-date Corv 1 *'v **'**£ 0 «' Oi-"e »nd NM» -DR *> *l4e w*51 ,i\dr‘tV wvowfl^to“U » ?°?t ^I'lC *»<>'' ,nd	Ux6SWve\^eaiUc* O^^wAVWt c0 Ke\\og& ^'SJSkJS®* tSgSCSl ■Saws SS^^; As the State of Michigan Laoks to him THE ORIGINAL HAS THIS SIGNATURE Tf.ri.j&eP __.__^__