106 Two Bells "No, 'Poleon; the only thing to do now is save ourselves. . . ." - A pregnant dread was spreading through The Boy's body, a sensation of abysmal emptiness. The coral reefs; the Polynesian. Then they intended to- Now he could learn who stabbed Black Michael first! But did he want to know? Yes, the truth was far bet- ter than horrible uncertainty. Yet he dared not enter the fo'castle alone; he must go and bring Cardigan. As he turned to creep away a sud- den plunge of the vessel sent him flat upon the deck of the passage with a sound that seemed loud enough to be heard from stem to stern. He was almost on his feet when a lean figure appeared in the bulkhead door. Instantly he recognized Mon- crief. He made a dive toward the laz- arette, but the boatswain was too quick for him; he flung his lithe body upon him and bore him to the floor. The Boy opened his lips to cry out and the Creole's fist descended upon his mouth. The pain stung him to action. With a desperate wrench he freed him- self and fell against the bulkhead, but before he could move a second figure was momentarily silhouetted upon the light in the oblong aperture--a figure that hurled itself upon him, pinning him to the wall. Again he tried to scream--again a fist bruised his lips horribly. He felt blood dripping from his chin. "No, don't--" he cried, his mouth throbbing with. pain. Something crashed down upon his skull and as he fell, plunging into what seemed a depth- less abyss, a picture was photographed upon his brain--that of a dark, sinister figure silhouetted upon the glow in the bulkhead door. Then the world reeled, a drunken universe- IV. A knock on the door of his quar- ters brought Cardigan out of a light sleep. Sitting up on the edge of his bunk he called, "Come in!" The opening of the door admitted a wavering blade of light and in the frame, outlined upon the pale illumina- tion from the main cabin, was a form. "It's Stearns, sir," announced the man. "I'm sorry to wake you up,, but I have something queer to report." Cardigan rose. "Wait a second till I make a light." Then a moment later when the slush-lamp cast its ill light upon his nearly-clad form he added, "All right, Stearns, what is it?" The midshipman's sallow face seemed paler than ever; he shifted un- easily from one foot to the other. "I've seen something that I don't quite understand, sir," he began. "I had just been relieved by Wajo and was going toward the fo'castle when I happened to glance athwart the brig. I saw what looked like two shadows; then I realized they weren't shadows but men--two of them, moving along the port deck. They disappeared be- hind the after-cabin as soon as I saw them, but I got the impression that they were carrying something--or--or some- one. A minute later I could have sworn I heard a cry. It scared me a little, sir, after all that's happened on this brig, so I hurried down in the fo'c's'le. I didn't know what to do-- and after about an hour I deeided to tell you." "And you did right," commended Cardigan--for while the midshipman was telling his story something insid- ious had taken root in his brain, an alarming possibility that caused him no little apprehension. "I'm going on deck," he announced, removing his pea-jacket and cap from 