The Mystery of the Marseilles Express 119 and the agent pushed it open and went in. No one there. With his hand on the butt of his wea- pon, Bailey went up. Under his cautious step the ratty old stairway squeaked like an unoiled hinge. The place was dark as a well, and rank with the thousand odors of a cheap restaurant. Some- where above lay the key to the most puz- zling mystery that Bailey had ever inves- tigated. At the head of the second flight a gas jet burned blue in the foul air. Within the arc of its sickly radiance the portal of a room swung slightly ajar. He tip- toed forward, and urged the door open an inch or more. Every muscle in his body was tensed for the possible strug- gle. Peering into the room, he caught the darker hulk of a bed in the gloom. From the arrangement of the bed-clothing it looked as though someone were sprawled on it. But, strain his ears as he might, Bailey could not hear that per- son breathing. Moving with the greatest caution, the agent slipped through the door. A gas light, turned very low, was burning. His pistol clutched in his right hand, Bailey stretched out his left, and turned on the gas full blast. There on the, bed, its head slewed around until the throat-gash yawned like some horrid mouth, lay the body of the man who had been killed on the Mar- seilles express! IV Bailey went cold to the tips of his fingers at the horror of it. He was used to ghastly scenes, but none.had ever affected him as did the lonely fig- ure on the disordered bed. If it wasn't . Nash, who was it, and why had he been brought from his slab in the mortuary to this place? The agent stepped toward the bed, and then a strong hand reached over his shoulder and tore away the pistol. An- other was clapped over his mouth. So quickly was the attack made that before Bailey could shout or struggle he was on his back, his own handcuffs on his wrists, and a gag between his teeth. The apache who had accosted him in the square grinned down at him. "Ah, vieux cochon," he snorted, "you are the trapped and not the trapper now. Of course, you understand that we are going to kill you. But first, by order of Monsieur Nash, I am to explain some things to you. He thought it a shame that you should die without first touch- ing the edges of this mystery. Look." He walked to the bed, and Bailey's sidelong glance followed him. "This man's name is not unfamiliar to you, monsieur," said the apache. "It is John Sheppard, known as a cousin to Monsieur the Beau. The resemblance between the two is strong, but you will grant that the make-up is yet the work of a master-hand. The nose, see, it has been filled out with paraffin. The hair and mustache are dyed. This bluish scar at the angle of the jaw has been made with an electric needle." Of course, Bailey knew of Johnny Sheppard, who had been almost a% no- torious in his sphere as the Beau was in his. It . was more than probable that Sheppard had consented to this disguise to throw the police off his cousin's track. It accounted, anyway, for the widely varying reports of Nash's whereabouts that had come to the agent's ears. The apache continued. "Monsieur Nash intended dispatching you, of course, who is the. chief thorn in his side. He was afraid, however, that a more complete examination be made of Sheppard, with the consequent working back of your death to him. We were in- structed to get the body. It was ab- surdly simple. We drew the gendarmes 