122 The Mystery of the Marseilles Express chase, Bailey left him in charge of the apartment, and took Bertal to the pre- fecture of police. He had not commented on Denise's confession. He said, noth- ing concerning this one. Captain Goulet smiled grimly when the American explained that Bertal had shouldered responsibility for the mur- der. He shook his finger reprovingly, as though the old chemical engineer were a bad, bad boy. "It is strange, very strange, Monsieur Bailey," he said, "and, as you Yankees say, brisk business, eh. First Mademoi- selle Girard confesses, then Monsieur Bertal, and just five minutes ago Mon- sieur Robert, the blind man, sent for us, and said that he alone was responsible for Sheppard's death. Now, who is really telling the truth ?" V "Take Monsieur Bertal to a cell," the prefect directed a gendarme. "I would like to know, Monsieur Bailey, just where we stand in this matter. The Department of Justice man grunted. "So would I. As S. Holmes used to say, 'It is a capital mistake to theorize before we have all the data.' I am_ going out to get that data. Did you instruct the Chef de Gare to hold the murder car for my investigation, and also keep the entire train crew so I can interview them ?" "Yes." "All right. Now, we'll have the three confessors come out here one at a time, and tell us in detail just how they com- mitted the crime. After that I'll ex- amine the car and the crew, and if that doesn't get us some real infor- mation, I'll go back to kindergarten." Goulet nodded his approbation. "Bring in Mademoiselle Girard," he directed. Bailey promptly effaced himself from the scene by retiring behind a conve- nient screen, where he could see and hear without being observed himself. Denise came in presently, her beauti- ful face white and tear stained. There were blue circles beneath her eyes, and her slender shoulders drooped. Bailey's heart went out to her in a warm surge of love and pity. She was so young, and so much in need of help. "Now, Mademoiselle Girard," said the prefect in a normal conversational tone, "I want you to give me a straightfor- ward description of what happened on the Paris-Marseilles express last night." "I---I told you once." "It is necessary that it be repeated." He tapped his teeth with a pen- holder and looked at her quite calmly. "Before we started from Paris," she said hurriedly, "Sheppard, whom I knew, spoke to me insultingly. After we passed Lyons I thought I heard an exclamation of pain from the next com- partment. I rose and went into the cor- ridor. The door to the compartment was open; Sheppard seized me and drew me in. I--I knew what sort of a man he was, and, having a knife in my girdle, I pulled it out and struck blindly. He fell back on the seat, and I ran into my own compartment." "How is it that Madame Berthier and Monsieur Robert heard nothing of this?" "There were no words passed--little noise. They were both sleeping." "You assume full responsibility for this man's death ?" "I--I do," she whispered. "That is all," said Goulet, motioning the gendarme to take her away. "Bring in Monsieur Robert," he added. "He has nothing to do with it--truly, truly he hasn't," the girl cried desper- ately over her shoulder. When the blind man was led in the prefect addressed the same questions to him. "I had every reason to hate that man," 