118 The Mystery of the Marseilles Express apache's face; his lips tightened into a white gash, and there was such malig- nant hatred in his eyes that Bailey's hand involuntarily reached toward his hip. If ever murder was written in? a human expression it was there in the Frenchman's. Then the agent laughed, reached over and grasped the fellow's wrist and twisted it until he howled with pain. The others, being cowards at heart, surged back. Bailey hurried across the square. But in the moment the Parisians had engaged his attention, Nash and Denise had disappeared. Bailey was not a man to cry over spilt milk, but he was thoroughly dis- gusted at the turn affairs had taken. Much as he wanted to allow Nash fur- ther liberty so that he could discover the relationship between him and Denise it had become imperative to get the man under lock and key. He telephoned to Captain Goulet, the prefect. It was Bailey's plan to have a drag-net thrown around the city in the event of Nash's attempting to slip out, and also to have the Place Moreau quar- ter thoroughly searched at once. "Yes?" came Captain Goulet's voice over the wire. ' "This is Bailey." "Oh, Monsieur Bailey, I have the most--" "Just a moment, Captain. You re- member that I identified the man who was murdered on the Marseilles express as Beau Nash. Shortly after leaving your office I saw Nash on the street, but he gave me the slip--" "You--you saw Nash on the street?" asked the captain thickly. "Oh, mon Dieu! This matter is getting beyond our mortal bonds." "What do you mean?" "The body of the man you identified as Nash has disappeared from the table in the mortuary!" Bailey sucked in his breath In a gasp of surprise. "Disappeared ?" "Of a certainty." "And I saw Nash in the street five minutes afterward. I wonder--" "Did you--did you notice his throat, monsieur ?" "He wore a muffler," said Bailey im- patiently, "wrapped in two or three folds around his neck." "Then it was him," wailed the prefect. "I fear nothing human, monsieur, but this has gotten beyond our realm. The man who lay on this table was as dead as Pontius Pilate--to that I'll swear. Yet he disappears from my mortuary, and you meet him on the street. What can one do against a cadaver, monsieur ?" "Nonsense. Have all the stations and wharves watched, and send a dozen men down here to search the neighborhood, Dead or alive, we're going to get Beau Nash. And I think that he will be able to tell us a few things to clear up the mystery of the Marseilles express. Will you do as I ask ?" "At once, monsieur." Bailey thoughtfully hung up the re- ceiver, and walked again into the Place Moreau. The shadows had lengthened. The hucksters in the square were packing up their stands and wares. In ten minutes more the place would be deserted, and then the police would come down like the historic Assyrian wolves--probably with as small success. Looking up from his musings, Bailey saw Denise step out of a taverne on the farther side of the square. She looked around cautiously. Then, having recon- noitered the ground to her evident satis- faction, she went back into the house. Bailey ran across the street, shifting his revolver from his hip pocket to the side one of his coat. The entrance from which Denise had looked did not lead through the cafe, but directly up a flight of stairs to the second floor. Its door was unlocked, 