The Half-Asleep Girl 63 the watch another hundred. All told, she had netted close to a thousand dol- lars. "Not bad, for a half-asleep girl," he commented to himself. The thought occurred to him that the whole matter should be reported at po- lice headquarters, but in the instance he had strange scruples which he him- self could not explain. He tried to console his conscience by emphasizing the fact that the loss meant nothing to him. Then he happily remembered his friend, Simeon Dreer, of the murder squad, who was occasionally willing, if qaught in the mood, to aid his friends ; in working out their little problems. He promptly left the car and took another one cross-town. Half an hour later he found himself in Dreer's apartment. The little, weaz- ened man in huge green spectacles like twin railroad signals was talking on the telephone when Knibbs entered. "Very well. I shall go there imme- * diately," Fleming heard him say, and his disappointment was keen, for he knew the old fellow was being called out on a departmental case. Simeon Dreer replaced the receiver on its hook and came toward Knibbs, peering intently with his near-sighted eyes. "Ah, it's young Fleming Knibbs," he said at length in the tone of a discov- erer. "Hello, Knibbs. Hello. Sorry I can't entertain you; I'm called out. Drop in tomorrow, eh? I've a couple of new records. A serenade from Les Millions d'Arlequin, and--" Dreer was a musical enthusiast with a pronounced leaning toward the clas- sical.- "I've been robbed," announced Fleming, "and I thought perhaps--" "Robbed?" "Held up." "No! When ?" "Not an hour ago." "This is interesting. I should like to hear the details. As I said, I'm called out on a case: supposed suicide which may be a murder; but if you care to go along, we'll talk about it on the way over." "Good. Let's go." They were on the street in a jiffy. Knibbs hailed a taxi and leaped in while wrinkled old Simeon Dreer confided his destination to the chauffeur. Shortly they were bowling along at a good speed, with Dreer sitting quietly listen- ing to his guest's story. When it had been concluded, the murder squad man chuckled. By the weak light of the street lamps Fleming saw his green glasses bobbing up and down. "Very, very interesting, young Knibbs," he commented, when his mirth had subsided. "I shall look into it at the first opportunity. And on what street, by the way, did you meet this fair highwaywoman ?" The moneyed youjng man slapped his knee sharply. "By Jove, I'm an unob- servant idiot. I can't tell you the name of that street. I was too busy soaking up its atmosphere." "You would know it if you saw it?" "From a million-.- There's nothing like it in the Western world." "I believe I know the one you mean. In fact--" At that moment the taxi stopped jolt- ingly. Dreer threw open the door and clam- bered out. "In fact, young Knibbs," he called over his shoulder, "if you will look around, I think you will find that you are on it now." II Knibbs emerged hurriedly. The old fellow was right. They were on the very street in which his adventures had originated. They were facing the self-same rickety frame 