The Unbelievable By J. B. Hawley I DURING his world tour, under- taken at the behest and at the expense of the Chinese Govern- ment, Song Kee found much to admire. In this country, for ex- ample, he was impressed by a multi- tude of our ways and customs. And he frankly admitted their superiority over the Chinese equivalent or substitute of much that is distinctly American. In one respect, however, he contended that America was deficient in comparison with his own country. This was in the detection of crime. "The Occidental detective," he stated one night in his precise, smoothly- spoken English, "is quite competent to deal with crime of the ordinary variety. It is when he approaches the unusual, the delicately subtle, that he is lost." "And his inability," he went on, "to handle successfully the extraordinary crime is due for the most part, I think, to his inability to believe in the unbe- lievable." Police Commissioner Oglethorpe, who was one of the half dozen men lounging in the smoking room of the Travelers, smiled. "It would seem to me," he said, and his voice was mildly sarcastic, "that de- tection of crime depends less upon the detective's powers of belief than upon his powers of observation and his abil- ity to uncover facts." Song Kee shrugged his shoulders. "Facts, my dear Commissioner," he replied, "are the bane of your Western civilization. You are a very young peo- ple. It will be several centuries before you learn that facts are not necessarily truths. Had I a secret, I would hide it --not under a bushel of lies--but un- der a bushel of facts." The Commissioner turned away. "Yet Judges and juries have an odd predilection for facts," he murmured. "Which they, too, often mistake as sign posts towards T ruth," was Song Kee's parting shot. It was some weeks later that New York was startled by the murder of Irene Grenville. She was an actress who had attained an unusual prominence partly because of her real histrionic abil- ity and partly because of the strange tales of her private life which circulated throughout the city. Always there had been stories about her. Even in her early days, when she had played small parts in an uptown stock company, whispers about her wild- ness and depravity had crept to the ears, of those who knew her. As she climbed higher on the professional ladder the whispers had become louder and reached a greater audience. When at last she reached stardom she was known from the Battery to the Bronx as the wicked- est woman on Broadway, that street popularly supposed to be a cesspool of iniquity. Now she had been found dead in the public hall of the hotel she had called home. A knife had been thrust into her lovely bosom. And all New York clam- ored to know the identity of her mur- derer. The essential facts brought out at the coroner's inquest were as follows: Sophie Mallory, a chambermaid in the 27 