The Guerilla By Clinton Harcourt I HIS name was Joe Cragen. His family were poor but respect- able. Old man Cragen was a law-abiding citizen and Mother Cragen a benevolent, white-haired wom- an whose fondest recollections were of the County Mayo. Environment played a large role in the drama of Joe Cragen. His family lived on Tenth Avenue and before he was in long trousers he was running with a gang of pickpockets. Before he was nineteen Cragen was Shorty McCabe's first lieutenant. When a cop cut short the career of the McCabe with a half inch of lead, leadership of the dreaded Power House gang was Cragen's by right of inheritance. It was then that he became a Guerilla. Under his aggressive guidance the Power House band flourished and grew opulent. The strip of territory they commanded adjoined the waterfront of the Hudson River and existed in a state of terror. Timid citizens shunned it with a shudder; the policeman that patroled it walked in the center of the streets, directing cautious glances at the housetops. When gang fights were, in progress the quarter huddled in cellars, but battles were few. The Power House gang was seldom attacked. So long as Joe Cragen kept to his own district all went well. For a year he sat on the throne of the Power House band and ruled with a mailed fist. But there fell an evil day when in a bandit taxi he ventured into lower Manhattan. He had made plans to stick-up the paying teller of an east side bank. The plot worked easily, but the nerve of the bank employee had not been considered. In the pistol duel that resulted, Cragen feinted the teller out into the opent braved the man's fusillade, shot him four times from the doorway, leaped back into the pirate taxi and vanished. The same night Cragen crept through the meshes of far-flung police nets arid "rode the cushions" to Chicago, leaving the Power House gang to be broken up by the police. II On an August night four years after the bank stick-up, and the flight of Cragen, a lean, gray-haired individual in a rusty blue serge suit, cracked shoes and greasy.cap entered Wolger's West Street hotel, crossed the ypcarpeted lobby floor and moved to the desk that Abraham Wolger presided over, where he spoke briefly. "How much for a flop?" Wolger pulled the glasses up on his curved nose, rubbed a hairy ear and af- ter plumbing his inquisitor with a long stare frowned thoughtfully. "A quarter for the night," he replied slowly. The stranger produced two dimes and a nickel, wrote the name Andrew Hardy in a grimy register and was led off to one of the small, cot-adorned coops the hotel was honeycombed with, Wolger staring after him. In the room he had rented for the night, the man who called himself An- drew Hardy closed the door and sat down on the bed. For a time he stared at the floor with narrowed eyes. Finally 91 