78 The Tell-Tale Band of Yellow bestial, vengeful--the face of Duster Joe Masterman, gang leader and all- round crook, as he had last seen it on the day that Masterman had gone "up the river" to begin his ten-year term for loft burglary. It had been Sinsabaugh's testimony which had convicted the gangster, and Masterman had sworn to "get" him. "You damn double-crossing dick," Mas- terman had promised, "I'll get you--and it'll take me just ten years and a day-- and then-" But others had threatened Sinsa- baugh--there was nothing novel in it-- it was just a part of the day's work-- the vicious hatred of an underworld for all that typified the Law--an hereditary and accustomed hatred accepted and understood. Today, however, Duster Joe was out; no doubt he was even now showing himself in the haunts he had aforetime favored; Gaspipe Looie's, doubtless, for one. It may have been habit that caused the policeman to feel for his service pistol as he paused in the en- trance of the hallway. But as he reached behind him his groping fingers suddenly became rigid--a faint, hissing breath sounded from his lips as he felt his arm caught and held abruptly from be- hind. Sinsabaugh pivoted as a boxer ducks under his adversary's lead, whirling sidewise to face--the empty street. Then he grinned foolishly, clucked with his tongue, and released his coat-sleeve Where it had caught in the ornamental ironwork of the banister. But he hesitated on the threshold, glancing upward where, above the black well of the stairway, there hung a faint pinpoint of gas. Sinsabaugh was not imaginative, but --it was his last night as a bachelor-- almost it seemed as if that touch upon his coat-sleeve had been' a warning, a message, a summons laid upon him by the urgence of invisible fingers . . . nonsense! But the murky air continued heavy, lifeless--the unwinking eye of the gas- light somehow sinister, malevolent. As has been said, Sinsabaugh was not imaginative, but now, like a swimmer breasting a tide of impenetrable and soundless flood, he mounted with slow steps the narrow stair. And about him as he went forward the darkness closed in like a wall, sinister, threatening, above and beyond him that pinpoint of gas, like an evil star now curiously bluish, flat, unreal as a flickering, painted flame. Sinsabaugh loosened his pistol in its arm-holster, searching the thick-piled shadows massed beyond the fell circle of that brooding beacon. He! drew his Colt. If Masterman awaited him some- where upon that stair or upon the land- ing above, he would be ready for him. Hugging the wall, for the more silent footing there afforded, the policeman, one hand before him, feeling along the plaster, the other holding his gun, went upward steadily in the whispering gloom, eyes strained against the black- ness, ears attuned to the throb- bing silence, like the beating of a heart. The gas offered no illumination be- yond its flat nimbus of pale flame, but it seemed to Sinsabaugh that if he could see nothing, there yet lingered in that atmosphere an aura, a something felt yet unperceived. Something or some- one had been before him on that stair- way, if he or It had passed like the passing of a candle's breath in the mal- odorous dark. At the stairhead he crouched, swung up his arm, and the bright lance of his pocket flash clove the darkness in a dazzling arc to right and left. But there was nothing. He halted at the door of his cham- bers--shrugged--inserted the key in the 