Told in Glass 59 he was until his knees suddenly came in contact with something cold and hard and investigation caused him to expel a breath of relief. His exploring hands felt a mattress and a blanket. While he considered the next move, Blumfeld stiffened cautiously. The bed creaked with the weight of some one turning over in it. After what seemed an eternity, a thin, husky voice came out of the staring murk. "I have a fully loaded revolver cov- ering you! I will--" Blumfeld did not Wait to hear the rest of it. With a snarl he flung him- self forward. He crashed against a figure that fell back with a soft cry, a cry that was abruptly shut off by the grip of his fingers. Something hard clattered to the floor with a dull, metal- lic ring. Wisps of beard scratched Blumfeld's face. With his free hand he ripped a piece from the blanket, wadded it together and stuffed it into the man's mouth, forcing his jaws open and digging a knee into his stomach so that no scream might awake discordant echoes. When he had neatly gagged his victim he ended weak struggles with a vicious blow and using other strips of the blanket bound Johnson's wrists and ankles tightly together. Stepping away from the bed Blum- feld struck a match. He turned up the wick pf the oil lamp and lighted it. The room boasted two windows and both displayed drawn shades. It was sparsely furnished as a bedroom, containing a bureau with a mirror, table, chair and trunk. Blum- feld dropped down on the top of the trunk. He dug out the stub of a ciga- rette from his pocket and after kin- dling it looked casually at the trussed up man on the bed. He grinned when the faded blue eyes met his bravely' and steadily. "I came back," Blumfeld said. "I came back to get them ten thousand smackers you were bragging about. If you come clean with me you won't get hurt. If you try any funny stuff you'll never go to Rochester. You'll go to a place where money ain't no use. Nod your head if you understand."' The inventor nodded. Blumfeld picked up the revolver from the floor and pocketed it. "Are you ready to tell me where the money is at? Nod yes or nq." The old man inclined his head. Blumfeld crossed to him and leaned over. "I'm going to slip the gag out of your peep. If you open your trap to yell I'll cave in your conk!" He removed the makeshift gag and the inventor licked his lips. "C'mon, spit out the dope!" Blumr feld ordered impatiently. "I will tell you nothing!" the old man said huskily. "Wrhat it took me twenty years to earn I will share with no one ! No matter what you do to me no information will pass my lips! I will meet my fate unafraid! And I will know that you cannot escape ,the consequences of your crime! The work of my hand and the child of my brain will reach out, even from the grave, and overtake you!" With a snarl Blumfeld jammed the gag back into the inventor's mouth. He pushed the old man savagely back among the pillows and struck him again with his fist. For a few minutes he sat silent, his face dark with thought. At length he stood ' up, slapped his thigh with a exclamation and walked to the lamp. He opened the blade of his heavy knife and laid it across the mouth of the chimney, look- ing back at the cot with a wide grin. "Maybe a little burning on the soles of your feet will make you loosen up! I'll torture you before I croak you, and even if you don't tell me what I want to know I'll find out! I'll 