36 The Unbelievable what assistance he might require. "Tell me," he said, "who occupied the room four doors down the hall from Mr. Okawa on the night Miss Grenville was killed?" The clerk consulted the guests' list. "That will be room four-thirty-eight. The room was empty that night," he an- nounced. "And when rooms are empty are they left unlocked?" "As a rule, no. But the maids are sometimes careless. We cannot watch all the time." "And the room opposite?" Song Kee asked, "Let's see. That is Count Angellotti's bedroom." "Thank you," Song Kee said as he turned away. It was a smiling and somewhat excited Song Kee who stood at the entrance of the hotel and consulted his watch. He hurried to a little Chinese restau- rant on Fourth Avenue where he in- dulged in strange dishes with stranger names never printed on a Chinese- American menu. Then he dashed into the Subway and was borne swiftly southward. He came to the surface of the Bridge. He journeyed north on Park Row until it changed into the Bowery. Then he turned into a side street leading through a ravine of ill-kept tenements toward the East River. At a house not far from the corner he stopped. He descended into the basement and knocked vigorously on a black, greasy door. A minute or so later, the door was opened ever so slightly and from out of the darkness gleamed a pair of slanting eyes. Song Kee said a few words in a southern Chinese dialect and was ad- mitted to the house. "Take me to your most respected mas- ter," he said in the same tongue. His guide led him along an evil smell- ing hall, up a flight of rickety stairs end- ing in a sheet metal door. With a key which dangled at his waist the guide opened the door and drew aside for Song Kee to1 pass. The room Song Kee entered seemed only an ante-chamber to still another apartment. It was empty, but through a door at the rear could be heard the sound of many voices. "Wait here," the guide said with great respect, "and I will call my master." He disappeared into the inner room, returning shortly with another China- man. He was a man of many years whose emaciated frame was accentuated by the long plum-colored robe which hung in loose, rich folds from his shoul- ders. When he recognized his visitor he bowed almost to the floor. "You do my poor house great honor," he said in a thin, quavering voice. Song Kee drew near and spoke in low, peremptory tones. The aged Chinaman bowed again. Then he turned to the servant. "Go," he ordered, "to the barbarian they name the 'Rat* and say to him that I would borrow the tools of his trade for an evening." Fifteen minutes later Song Kee left the house carrying in his pocket a ring of strangely shaped keys. He returned to the Ralston Hotel. This time he did not enter through the main doorway which faced the Avenue but through a lesser entrance on the side street. Unconcernedly he strolled through the corridors until he reached a stairway leading to the upper floors. When he was quite certain that he was unnoticed by any of the hotel employees he ran quickly up this stairway until it curved around the elevator shaft and he was free from observation. Then he made his way more slowly until he reached the fourth floor. Down the hallway in which Irene Grenville had been killed he moved cau- 