52 The Georgetown Mystery "I'm going to tell you the whole truth, Will," Mrs. Lewis was saying. "I'm going to start at the beginning and bare my soul. And if I am to blame for anything I am rot going to ask for mercy. If I have done anything for which I should atone, I want to atone. I did not tell the whole truth last sum- mer, but there seemed to be no other way out. "You know, Will, about my marriage, and that Mr. Lewis was so much older. I didn't think I should marry him, but my parents urged me to. And, I'll be frank to say, Will, there did not seem to be another prospect for me. We were not happy; it was impossible for us to be. The difference in our ages was too great. "Then Mr. Harley came here to work in the bank. From Columbus, it was. Mr. Lewis had inquired of a bank there for'a competent man when his business got so heavy. I did not know anything much about Mr. Harley; neither did Mr. Lewis. But he was competent'/ likable and congenial--and he was young. There's no use of hiding any- thing now. I think it all must have had its beginning when Mr. Lewis invited him to the house. We became good friends. You can see how. it would be so--I had been .cooped up so long with- out proper associates. He was only here a few times. Once at dinner he told Mr. Lewis and myself about his sister. He was very careful in his at- tentions to me at the house, but when I would go to the bank I&gt;saw in his eyes what any woman could not fail to see. I felt sort of guilty, but--but it thrilled me, too. "Oh, I know it was not right, but I was so lonesome, so lonesome, Will. I was not in love with him, I am sure, or I would not have done what I did later. But I suppose his admiration en- thralled me. Perhaps you will under- stand that--I can't explain it more fully." She paused and showed Signs- of giving away to her emotions. Thornton and Dorgan gave her sym- pathetic attention and she proceeded. "One day he said to me at the bank, 'You are very unhappy, Helen,' and because it was true and because his voice and eyes were so tender, I began to cry. I was not used to tenderness. I hurried from the bank. "The next day I had a note from him through the mail. It simply said, 'Will you forgive me ?' "After that I stayed away from the bank, and one evening a week later he called me on the phone. " 'Did you. get my note ?' he asked. " 'Yes,' I said. " 'What is the answer ?' he wanted to know. " 'What could it be but yes,' I told him. " 'All right,' he said. 'Tonight.' "That was all. The- tenseness of his voice made me uneasy; the 'Tonight' worried me. But I told my- self I had misunderstood it for 'Good night.' "Mr. Lewis had driven over to Win- ton to attend to some business or other. He said he might not be back until the next day. I suppose Mr. Harley knew it. "I went to bed early. At eleven o'clock the doorbell rang. I slipped into my dressing gown and went down to answer it. It was--was him! "Well, he wanted to know why I was not ready as I had promised, and kept saying over and over the train went at twelve and we would miss it if we did not hurry. I was so amazed, so terror- stricken, that I made no remonstrance when he came in and closed the door. I told him I did not understand what he meant by such action, when I finally gathered my senses. " 'Aren't you going with me, Helen ?' he demanded. 