The Man in the Black Mask 7 She excused herself and, before we had completed our cigars, she danced into the room again attired in a natty motor- ing costume, her abstraction gone and gay as a butterfly, taking the wheel her- self. I took the front seat with her while Grimes lolled in the rear. ******* Workmen had already completed the job of cleaning away the debris in the office. A truck load of gravel and a pile of bricks gave evidence that, despite the threats of the mysterious blackmailer to destroy the entire plant, it was Grimes's intention to rush repairs as rapidly as possible. As we climbed out of the machine, Backus, who had been standing in the background, his round, red face wearing a puzzled expression, stepped forward and greeted us. "Find anything new, Chief?" Grimes demanded. The big man looked about him cau- tiously, then motioning us to one side, produced from his pocket a small, thin, slightly bent piece of metal. He handed it to the little president without a word. Grimes looked at it with a puzzled expression, then passed it on to me. "I'm danged if I know what it is," he admitted. "How about you, Lar- son?" I gave the bit of metal a cursory ex- amination then handed it to Joan. "I think that the Chief has struck oil the first shot," I replied. "In other words, that same piece of metal is a bit of the shell that kicked down your tower. Where did you find it, Chief?" "In the upper room just over the of- fice," replied the officer. "It wasn't there this morning, for I made a per- sonal inspection and locked the door my- self before stationing Mitchell at the foot of the stairs." "Shell?" jerked Grimes. "Non- sense !" "Nevertheless," I reiterated, "your tower was blown up with some kind of a shell. You can't get away from the evidence.". Backus wagged his head sagely as he replaced the metal in his pocket. I had already won him for a friend, I could readily see. "All right, we'll admit it's a shell, then, for the sake of argument," Grimes responded. "That doesn't put us any closer to the solution of the puzzle." "On the contrary," I interrupted, "it does. It stands to reason, as any one who is acquainted with explosives will tell you, that the shell was of small cali- bre and filled with but very little high explosive, else the damage would have been greater. It was fired from some- where, and by somebody, and from some sort of gun. Result: We have but to find where the shell came from and we have your 'Man in the Black Mask' by the heels." "As well look for a needle in a hay- stack. My opinion is that some sort of explosive was planted in the tower in spite of the chief's precautions, and de- tonated by electricity--possibly by wire- less. I've heard of such things. Don't you think that more probable than the idea you and Backus have of some won- derful gun and still more wonderful marksman ?" "Not at all. Although my Experience at the front taught me that, despite the high point of efficiency reached by the gunners, a direct hit is only scored acci- dentally--unless the range is almost point blank. I'll venture the assertion that the gun from which that shell was fired is located not over two miles away. In fact, a mile would be a closer guess." Backus agreed with me. For despite the fact that he was only a small town policeman, he was no fool. 