The Mystery of the Marseilles Express 121 to see Denise just then. He wanted time to get a clearer vision of the affair; to make a few investigations. So in com- pany with a gendarme, he hurried into the street, and caught a tram-car in the direction of the Cours Belsunce. A fog had settled down in earnest, wiping out the tops of the buildings, and making the street lights mere gray smudges iri the darkness. He found Monsieur Bertal's house with difficulty, posted his gendarme outside, and rang the bell. The Bertal apartment was on the ground floor, as the neat brass plate un- der the window testified. Monsieur him- self opened the door a crack, and looked rather suspiciously at his visitor. Then he bowed, and said: "Come in, Monsieur Bailey." Bailey had not the faintest idea of how Eugene Bertal knew him, but he kept his wonder hidden and he and the gendarme walked in. Old Bertal might just have stepped from a painting, with his high collar, white shirt front and neck cloth with its pleats and counterpleats. He made Bailey think of English inns, with roar- ing fire-places and guests thumping in from the lumbering coaches--of fat tur- keys, egg nogg, toddy and the rest. In appearance he was a man after Dickens' own heart--not the pursy French chemi- cal engineer he was supposed to be. The room itself furthered that impression. There was a huge four-poster bed, with chintz curtains; there was an an- cient mahogany bureau, quaint brass candelabra, fine old engravings on the walls, rows of leather bound books. There were also big, helpless looking wadded chairs. The host waved his guest toward one of them. Bailey sat down. "You know me ap- parently, monsieur, or else you are an extraordinarily good guesser. If that is the case, possibly you can guess why I am here." A bleak look came into the old man's face. He nodded. Bailey heard the creak of cautious footsteps in the next room. He knew that old Bertal lived alone, and that in all probability the newcomer was the messenger of death. It was pitch dark beyond the por- tieres, but Bill seemed to sense a black- er shape flattened against the opposite wall. Without an instant's hesitation, he flung himself, muscular hands out- stretched at the intruder, while he shouted to Monsieur Bertal to turn on the light. He crashed against an athletic body, and received a vicious blow in the "face. They clenched, and in the struggle tore a handkerchief from his opponent's face, but it was too dark for recognition. Ber- tal was taking an exasperatingly long time in reaching the electric switch. Then someone struck Bailey from be- hind. He reeled back, loosening his hold. The intruder tore himself free, flung open the door, and clattered out through the hallway. Bertal turned on the lights. There was no one in the room save these two. In the street the gendarme raised an enormous pother as he ran after the fellow, but Bailey did not aid him. He simply stood and looked at Bertal. "An explanation would not be. out of place," he said coldly. "I risked my neck for you, and then you try to break it." "That is my affair," said Bertal sul- lenly. "And now, we will get the prin- cipal business of your visit over and done with. I know why you--a detec- tive--are here, and I confess freely. I killed John Sheppard on the Paris-Mar- seilles express!" He opened a drawer in the table, and took out a knife, with a clotted blade. "This is what I did it with," he said. When the gendarme returned, pant- ing, and with nothing to show for his 