The Unbelievable 35 Kee said, "is of small importance--a question about a Mr. Grover whom'I believe you knew." Sito Okawa made a gesture of sad- ness. "Ah, that poor young man," he said in tone of deepest melancholy. "You believe him guilty then of the killing of this dancing woman ?" "I ?" Okawa shrugged his shoulders. "I believe nothing, really. How should I? All I know is what the papers print- ed about the unfortunate affair. But your question, my dear friend?" "Quite so," Song Kee answered briskly. "It is about the appointment he is said to have had with you on the night of the murder. Are you quite sure it was for eight-fifteen rather than seven- fifteen as he has stated?" * Okawa contemplated the end of his cigarette consideringly. "Sure, Mr. Song Kee?" he said at length. "How can we be sure of any- thing in this most remarkable world? Still, I have the distinct impression that the hour set for our meeting was eight- fifteen." "When did you make this appoint- ment ?" "That same day at luncheon." Song Kee sighed deeply. "The poor fellow," he said. "I'm afraid there is nothing one can do for him. I have tried, but--" he sighed again. Then he pulled himself together and extended his hand. "It is most good of you to. have re- ceived me so kindly. I will relieve you now of my troublesome presence, as I can see that you are busy." He pointed to the half-completed packing. "You are leaving town?" "Tomorrow or the next day," Okawa replied. "My duties at the legation will require my presence in Washington. And I prepare for the possibility of a sudden start." Song Kee made his adieux. He bowed low and still lower backing toward the door. In his passage he stumbled against the bundle of umbrellas and canes lean- ing against the chair and knocked them with a clatter to the floor. His apologies for his awkwardness were absurdly profuse. He picked up the things he had knocked down and stood fingering them nervously while he called himself several kinds of a clumsy, ungainly fool. Okawa smilingly waved the apologies aside and relieving him of the bundle ac- companied him to the door. Song Kee looked out into the hall. "It was just here in front of this door that the tragedy occurred, was it not?" he asked. Okawa shook his heaid. "No, my friend. A few feet further toward the elevator. There--just beneath that electric globe." Song Kee advanced to the spot in- dicated. Slowly Okawa followed him. The Chinaman stood silent for a mo- ment. "So," he said finally, "the dancing wo- man was about here, going in the direc- tion of the elevator?" "And Mr. Grover came along about here," Okawa turned around so that he faced Song Kee. The litle Chinaman seemed' to have forgotten Okawa's presence. His eyes traveled slowly, as though measuring distance, down the hall. They stopped at a point on the wall perhaps twenty feet away. Then he smiled contentedly as one quite satisfied with the progress of events. A discreet cough from Okawa brought him to himself. He turned and again thanking the Japanese for his courtesy, hurried off down the hall. At the desk downstairs he drew the clerk aside and presented a card bearing Delaney's name and a request to the hotel management to give the bearer 