    VELOCITY OF ESCAPE
    By Joe W. Skidmore

IN THE FOOTSTEPS OF THE
WASP

Stanton A. Coblentz
Concluding

LIFE EVERLASTING
By David H. Keller, M. D.
Whiter Teeth

                Good Housekeeping
SA, « Bureau

QUICK!

that’s even more important
than the 25^ price

LISTERIJNE

 TOOTH PASTE

NEW DOUBLE SIZE 40c

REGULAR SIZE

When you try Listerine Tooth Paste, you’ll
discover why so many people prefer it.
You’ll discover, for one thing, the speedy
way this dentifrice cleanses. We use a modern
polishing agent. It gets film and stains off
the teeth with surprisingly little brushing.
Teeth become whiter after only a few days’
use. Soft and gentle, this polishing agent
cannot possibly harm the teeth in any way.

  Then—this dentifrice certainly does
give teeth a handsome lustre and polish.
Again and again, people — particularly
women —remark upon the way it makes
teeth glisten.

  Also — Listerine Tooth Paste has an unusu-
ally refreshing effect upon the mouth and
gums —in this respect it is just what you’d
expect of a Listerine product. After you brush
your teeth with it, your mouth feels thor-*
oughly "washed” — assurance of a purer,
sweeter breath.

  Begin your test of Listerine Tooth Paste
soon. Results are what count! If you find
this tooth paste better than the one you are
using now, you'll welcome the saving it
brings you. Try either the 25^ size—or the
new 40f* size containing twice as much.
Lambert Pharmacal Company, St. Louis, Mo.

(top) FORMER LEAGUE BALL PLAYER

Curtiss W. Scoville is now a business man of Albany. N. Y. He
likes Listerine Tooth Paste because "it gets the stains off my
teeth quickly.”

(below) “KING KONG” AND “SON OF KONG”

 added to the reputation of Edward Linden, their chief cine-
 matographer. "I have used Listerine Tooth Paste in my travels
 and at home,” he says. "It has always satisfied me because it
 cleans quick.”
1

Banish Fear
Prevent Disease
End Self Denial

   Don’t be a tlavt to Ignorance and ftaf.
 Enjoy the ranrarous deiighta Of the per*
 feet physical love!

   Lost love... scandal... divorce... can
 often be prevented by knowledge. Only
 the igoorant pay the awful ptnaltitt of
 wrong iex practice*. Head the facts, dearly,
 ttardingly told . . . study these fllustta-
 tions and grope in darkness no longer.

   You want to know... and you shtuld
 know everything about sex. Sex is no longer
 a sin . . . a mystery ... it is -your greatest
 power for happiness. You owe it to yourself
 ...to the one you love, to tear aside the cor*
 tain of hypocrisy and learn the naked truth!

  It SEX IGNORANCE

  DWV1N0 THE ONE YOU
  IOVE INTO THE A*MS
  OF ANOTHER?

  Let *' S*x Hdimony “
  ttacb you how easy it h

  er/io and hold your
  vtd oael

KNO

 AB

 ijW'AYwttb hfse modesty! At last a fern-
 ous doctor his told all the secrets of

     ip frank,daring language. No prudish
 g about the bush, no veiled hints,
 RUTH, blaring through 576 pages
 of straightforward facts.

   love is the most magnifutnt ecstasy in
 the world ... know how to hold your
 loved one...don't glean half-truths from
 tto reliable sources. Now you cats knowhow
 to end ignorance...fear...and self denial)

 WHAT EVERY

 The Seinal Embrace
 Secrcts of l!i* Hcneymooo
 Mlitnkcn of Early Marriage
 HomoM«uoi;tr
 Vemreoi ClKOIM

man should know

        How to Sc join Virility
        $«iual Starvation
        Glands and Scu lmtirtef
        To Gnin Greater Delight
        The T ruth About A bun

 WHAT EVERY WOMAN SHOULD KNOW

  Jew oI Perfcet Mtrfttf	How to Attract ced HsM
  What to AMovr a Lortr Mm

 lo do	Setteal Slavery •I Woateti
 liitlmote Feminine HyftoM Essentials of Happy

 froitit'i'oa	_ Morrloue

 Birth Control Chart	The S?ie Oryonc

 KOMOSCXUAIITY...SCX ABNORMALITIES

 Do you know about the astounding world
 ©f "half sexes”? They crave the companion*

ML^ble^no^^d^yeVyoo ATTRACT THE OPPOSITI SIXI

 gbould understand them.

 MORE THAN 100 VIViO PICTURES

  The 106 illustration* leave nothing to
  the imagination .. . know bow to over-
  come physical mismating ... know what

 Sn^|y^urJfTgn^l5^°,VO,C,the	should understand them. Know how to the thrilling erperl-

  E-.tryMttB pertaining to sex is discussed	Monty back at once If you are not satisfied! «*»«« that are your birthright.. . know

 In daring language. All the things you	|76 CARING PAGES ®°^' *5 ,attract “*e opposite kx ... BOW

 have wanted to know about your sex life,	Co hold love.

 Information about which other books only	__^h"* ,s ,oa8ar *ny ». P*T

 vaguely hint, is your* at last.	a.ufuJ tru4. ,for on.e ®0?e,Jt °f bl,«-

 ’Some will be offended by the amaring	£■ scientific patholog»ol facts told to

 frankness of this book and its vivid illu£	bravely by Dr. Rubin. The chapter, oa

 Cations, but the world has no longer any	venerea^ disease are alone worth the

 use for prudery and false modesty.	of the book,

                 A SAMOU* JUDGE
                 SAY* THAT MOST
                 WVOP.CES ARE CAUSED
                 BY SEX IGMORANCEl
                 Normal. ■ e *-« ul ted

 youo* people ere torn
 •parr because they ItV
 »cx knowledge*

 - SOCX NOT SOLD TO MINORS

NEW BOOK
BIRTH CONTROl?"

FREE! „

Dept. $93,1270 Sixth Av«., New Yorlc, N.Y.

  flease send me. "Sea Harmony sod EuEenles" In plal#

  wrapper. I will p»y the pommsn S2.?S (praa po«t**e) oa
  tfelivery. If 1 sn not completely satisfied. 1 ean retara
  the book and tfce entire jurebaseDnee mil be refunded
  tcmeaiately. AI» send me i RoE OF CHA&GE, JOQf
  book cm "Why Birth Conurolt"

 Kami

  iddrtu

  Orieri trim Porefjm C<hm*U* IS t^cnin^e in oivjnM.

-=xz.: ;c XrwssTAXD Fictiok Usit when answering advertisements
Amazing Stories

Science Fiction

Vol. 9	AUGUST, 1934	No. 4
       CONTENTS

Editorial

   Old-Time Writing—Papyrus and Vellum

T. O’Conor Sloane, PhJ). 6

Serials

Life Everlasting.................David H. Keller, M.D. 10

         (Serial in Two Parts—Conclusion)

Measuring a Meridian......................Jules Verne 42

         (Serial in Four Parts—Conclusion)

Stories Complete in This Issue

The Velocity of Escape...............Joe W. Skidmore	55

In the Footsteps of the Wasp.......Stanton A. Coblentz	91

North God’s Temple...................Henry J. Kostkos	99

Shot Into Space.....................Isaac R. Nathanson	111

Photo Control.....................Bernard Brown, B.Sc.	121

Science Questionnaire................................... 98
Short Article

Otto von Guericke...............John W. Campbell, Jr. 110

Discussions............................................... 136

Our Cover

          illustrates the spirit of Dr. Keller’s heautiful narration concluded
          in this issue. We have never published a story with a more
          enlightened view of the real needs and longings of human nature.

Drawn by Morey

Published Monthly by
TECK PUBLICATIONS, INC.

4600 Diversey Avenue, Chicago, 111.

     Executive and Editorial Offices: 222 West 39th Street, New York, N. Y.

Lee Ellmaker, Pres, and Treas.	Abner Gennann, See’y

Copyright, 1934, by Teck Publications, Inc., in United States and Canada. Registered in U. S. Pat.
Office. All rights reserved. Entered as second-class matter Sept. 8, 1933, at the postoffice at Chicago,
Illinois, under the Act of March 3, 1879. 25c a copy, $2.50 a year. $3.00 in Canada. $3.50 in foreign
countries. Subscribers are notified that change ol address must reach us five weeks in advance of

the next date of issue.

2
ANY PHOTO ENLARGED

 bust term, sroap6. landvapee, pet
 animals, etc, or enlargements of any
 part ot group picture. 8ate return ot
 ori^iBAl photo jiiarantned.

SEND NO MONEYS23&55

and wttSsin a week yon will re-elra your beautiful

 ahanw. rarutad fedeleee. P»y poet roan «o
 pfe, i«Un—or wed «i wlti ordu and ire e«r [>o.tac«. Bta
 *r.lar*amaot lent C. 0. D. 73c pin poeteje ot send

b.“t3£5 SSSft^ilW1 '-h" °a,r

 STANDARD AST STUDIOS* 104 KJ*tI«r»on St. Dapt. S*4K. Chicago

STUDY AT HOME

Legrxlly trained men win high

 tKsitiona and bia encws» in
 business and pablle Ufa. Be in-
 Crp»T<i-rnt Great^ropportacltiesnew
 taan rra before. Bl* eprporatiooa aro
 beaded by men with ltfaJ training. Eva
 S3.000 to S 10.000 Aanually
 We anide you *tap by atop. Yoa tea train at km
 durin* spare thne. Decree of 1-L. B. contacted,
 du.itea In every a-cti-m of tie United. Statea. we

 extmatarlal, including (oarteen-Toinme Lew Library,
 at.eaar terma. Get our ealnabie M.paara 1 Law Training for
 1 Leadership*• end'•Erldenee" booke FREB/Ked f»r tkeo NOW.

 LaSalle Extension University, Dept. 17K-L, Chicago

BE TALL

 Your

 Increased

                                   Height
                            .	I In 14

                           cays or money
                           back! The

                                  amarioj Stebbing
 System scon bring* S-S Inches Increase, new
 pep” and energy. A valuable Hesitn course and
 "Success snd Popularity” Course Included FBEE
 With System, nnt complete for $2.00. Send for con-
 rlncing Free Book with testimonials and Guarantee
 In plain sealed envelope. WRITE NOW TO:—

STEBBING SYSTEM

Devt.F.G.F, F0RE8T HILLS. NEW Y08K

j FOLLOW THIS HAN
  Free

— — LllmhBi'
tzodoz 17 fssn of aat».

tasssi

INVEWTORS

  Tins count* in spptylng for patents. Don't risk dslty tn
  protecting your tdeai. Send sketch or model for instruc-
  tions or write for FBEE book, "How to Obtain a Patent,"
  snd "Becwd el Inrenttoa** form. No eharge for infor-
  mation on how to proceed. Communications strictly con-
  fidential. Prompt, oareful, efficient serrice. CLARENCE
  A, O'BRIEN, Registered Patent Attorney, 187-S Adam*
  Building. Washington, 0. C.

Learn PHOTOGRAPHY and have
a profitable VOCATION , , , , ,

 Opportanities are plentiful. Learn guide] y and easily by
 the famous K. Y. L method of instruction. Personal
 attendance or Home Study Course* in Commercial, News,
 Portrait, or Motion Picture photography. Established
 1910. Free booklet, How to Succeed in Photography.

       NEW YORK INSTITUTE OF PHOTOGRAPHY
 ie W**t J3 Stmt	(D<*t 8)	NEW YORK, N. Y.

A RAILWAY

 TRAFFIC INSPECTOR

WRITE

TODAY

■ US ANO RAILWAY LINKS ARK ASKINQ
UK FOR MKN

 TRAINtD MSN-IB to SO-
 Bu> Paaeangev Traffic

 SO— are wanted for Railway snd
 Inaoeetlon. Healthful <oetdoae«).
 «r Bear 6o®e. Our abart. b-.ni*.

’aw watka and oa son pledoo

I par iDonlfc pica opos.r. to

 interesting worlti tlv»e]___

 ■tody omine trajni you In a fi
 we win plsoa yog at

 atart, or refund U------

 found tor our nadoatM.
 bar Free Booklet aad Terrce

"w*"*™*-* «asK^.r.

 l«-yr. Tecord: pont^ni'e

L0UiPg!|3

 ifih School
 ourse in
 2 Years^

   You can complete oar sUn-.
   pllfied High School Course «

  ■ - eare. Woeta a:l TOoire

G3SySsfe

hetnetoJyeere.
fac (dtan

  aad the
  <J tarte
  Saver oie

 ■ Mae, wtd Edoea-
 BwUon which :

20 Other

Course#	Ch.

 I eocraa that iater'eete yooj'Sljl TokAY f« Free Bolletl»• »£«8 ■

 American School, Dapt. HC39, Drexel at Hth, Chicago

ic;

 SALARY
 TO START

 $105 to
 M7 5

 MONTHLY

MEN.

WOMEN

 A^e Pari^e
 ia+oso

 Ry. Man Clerk
 P. Q. Lab&rat

 B- F. D. Carrier

 Cuatoma Inspector
 City Mail Carrier
 P. O. Clark
 Metro*

  I m ml*'t Inspector
  Typiat

 POSTMASTBB

  Seamabresa

  Auditor
  Stenocrapher
  U.S. Border Petrol
  Telephone Opr.
  Wa';obronn

  ) Skilled Laborer
  ) 8tatUtlcal Clerk
  ) File Clerk

INSTRUCTION BUREAU,D»nL 1|?^L Louh, Ma.
tse FEES partka'arr "Bow te Qoalify f«

Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements
i	mj.-t t‘ion.'iy«ar.jrr. ."to l^•■^stntbot''cat-

'■:®*8®Ell?^^■^M	mentof diseases peculiar to women, I dc-
lr ^SbKSEhI veloped a simple home treatment which has

r	broosht new hope, health and happlneaa to
   . -*- rJrfTWwpliffl £=-£} t.-soworde. Hjr.y who had fceoo child

L ■&*. J:ffl?£WE3a8Eii?l !'t» fr years became prend and harp?

            'w'-waPW Mc:herf>. Ua'bar.ds have wr:tt<^i me tto
,	Xbl&HBESM c. ,pt glowing letters of gratiuJa ar.d row

•	■ I w»ot every woman wno ie mo-down or

% -	sc:!<rir(j fr-rn fejrale riisordEre to learn

Ife. ■	ab.iutti.'.stpkr.dldUTMitmuot.ssdbowehe

Sit 1 Jr'	tnay use .t lo the privacy of her own home.

Get This Knowledge FREE

                            In my two booklets, which will bs
            S&, ^gg-jssM sent in	wrapper, I Intimately dis-

             .MMifirnB ccsb many tmportaat subjects relating to
the female sex that are vitally interesting to awry woman. They tell
how you too may combat your troubles as thousands of others have and
often a Rain enjoy the desires and activities of Nature’s moBt wonder-
ful creation—a normal, fully developed vigorous woman. I will eladiy
6eud both books nostnaid free. Write today. DR. H. WILL ELDZRSi
8ult» 682-H. 7th and Felix Streets. St. Joseph. Mo.

TOBACCO HABIT

 BANISHED

    FOR THOUSANDS OF MEN
    QUICK, SURE, LASTING RESULTS

1 • “ '! / I I 1 I 1 * 1

cJfUmciWomm?

For hundreds of years men
and women have talked
with hushed voices about
“STRANGE PEOPLE”-
men who are not men—
women who are not women.
No one has ever dared to
talk out in the open about

THE THIRD SEX. Is it

any wonder that queer
nicknames are used to de-
scribe these people ?

THE TRUTH REVEALED!

                        _aes on among the men and
women of the Shadow Wcrfd? Do you know that their
number is constantly increasing? The strange power they
wield over normal people is almost unbelievable. Dr. Potter

Do you know what really goe

‘	......rid?

sing

     over normal people is almost unbeJieva
says, “NO MAN ON EARTH HAS A CHANCE
AGAINST A WOMAN ONCE SHE HAS SUCCUMBED
TO ANOTHER WOMAN.” Actual clinical cases reveal
the abnormal ties and the unnatural desires and actions
of these twilight mea and women! There are records that
actually prove that men have been MADE INTO SEX-
UAL ABNORMALS. For the first time a Doctor reveals
the facts about abnormalities; what they are—how they
may be corrected—information of absorbing, vital interest.

Must These Subjects be Clothed in Silence Forever?

Fearlessly, openly, the real meaning of many misunderstood
subjects is daringly revealed. Sadism—Necrophilia—Phallic
Worship — Sodomy — Pederasty — Tribadism — Saphism—
TJranism—the normal man and woman will refuse to believe
that such abnormalities exist and are practiced.

FOR MATURE, SOPHISTICATED READERS!

This book contains bewilder-
ing disclosures and discover-
ies of a subject that la sel-
dom, if ever, discussed, that
most people know little or
nothing about. A special edi-
tion has been prepared for
ADULTS ONLY, beautifully
bound in cloth, printed on
fine paper—for the book lover
and collector of rsre, eso-
teric literature. Reserve a
copy of this booS—at the new
reduced price of $1.98—by
mailing the coupon.

Robert Dodsley Co.

          Dept. H-45
110 West 42nd 6tre«t
New York, N. Y.

I""r0bert dodsley CO.,

I Dept. H-45, 110 W. 42nd St.,

I New York, N. Y.

I Please send IN PLAIN WRAPPER Dr. La Forest Potter’s I
1 book, "STRANGE LOVES—A Study In Sexual Abnormalities." ■
I I hereby affirm that I am an adult person.

J t ] I am enclosing $1.98. Send book postpaid.

I t 3 Ship C.O.D. I promise to pay postman $1.98, plus postaue. I

I Name....................................................... I

I Address.....................................................I

| Town......................................State.

I (We reserve the right to return all orders after this edition I
I is exhausted.) (Canadian and Foreign OTders must be secom- I

panled by remittance for $2.23.)

A Baby In Your Home

Scientists now state that "Complete unity fn life depends on
sex harmony" and that the lack of it is the one greatest cause
for unhappy marriages. Also that every woman haa the ca-
pacity for a ex expression” but too of t-
en she is undeveloped or suff ering wil
era! female disorders, which rob ner
normal desires. During an experie
agin the

in most cases Tobacco Redeemer relieves craving for
tobacco completely in a very few days. An absolutely safe,
dependable, and thoroughly reliable treatment. No matter
how long the habit, or in what form used, all craving for
tobacco usually vanishes when this pleasant, inexpensive
treatment is used according to simple directions. The treat-
ment has helped thousands and should help you. Your
money returned without argument or question if not satis-
fied. Write for free explanatory booklet and proof of what
Tobacco Redeemer has done for men addicted to the
tobacco habit. Send po6t card or letter today.

NEWELL PHARMACAL CO.

Dept. 600	Clayton Station St. Louis, Mo.

Kill Kidney
Acid New Way

  Thousands of sufferers from poorly functioning Kidneys
are winning freedom from Getting Up Nights, Leg Pains,
Nervousness, Stiffness, Rheumatic Pains, Burning, Smart-
ing, Itching Acidity, and loss of Vitality, caused by poor
Kidney and Bladder functions with a Doctor’s prescription
called Cystex (Siss-tex). It starts work in IS minutes
helping tie Kidneys flush out Acids and poisonous wastes.
Soothes, cleans and tones raw, sore membranes. Formula
in every package. It is helping millions and must fix vou up
or money back is guaranteed. Cystex is only 3c a dose at
druggists._

DIRECT FROM MOVIELAND

THRILLING LOVE LETTERS	LOVE’S PSYCHOLOGY

PERFUME	SECRET EXTRACT

LOVING DROPS

PERFUME	SECRET EXTRACT

A New Creation, an Enchanting powerful aroma
with an allurini blend with which to stir the
rich and poor, old and young with its charms.
$2.50 Value. $1.00 post paid, or $1.27 C.O.D.
with Instructions Including new book Love's
Psychology and Thrilling Love Letters.
WONSCO. Dept. N 52. Box 1250. Hollywood.
California.

■ ^ » Send lor FREE TRIAL Noxalco, •
guaranteed harmleas home treatment. Can be even

               (gently ill food or drink to snyone.who dnnka or erases Gin/
               Whiikgr Rome Brew. Wine. Moonshine, etc Yoor requeetl

Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements
p

0

50%TO 60T- MORE SERVICE

Tirestonc

Goodrich

U.S. and others

proven quclity . i . Increasing thousands of
satiafled motorists know by experience that /
standard brand tirea reconstrncted by tbe/'
roodcro teSeittlflo ATLAS procera ere baat. Chi-/ft
cnifn'e oldent, most reliable robber company/ ;
positively guarantees you i s nsotba' aarrtce Vr-4
oaaac aerereet road coodlUeoa.	Qvjft

54.40-21 s:

lit 1 f ! f!

III i i safe - §§s*

fcS MT7 £H 5-3

T«UCKBAU.OS« SoS ills 4.U n.bbiT^*1^
amw 20 S3'uw - *H Otser Sim- 1,1 * lTT-rS
7 00-30 ^i:»S *2M ALL TUBES NEW EOQ555j
7.60-18 e:»3 8.76 BUARANT£CD	j fl

Year'aeerrleeaoftranteed.ef replaceossotat K price. Offlar today.

ATLAS TIRE A RUBBER CO., Dept. 1*2*

8250-52 SOUTH MORGAN STREET. CHICAGO. tU-IMOIS

^How to Make It”                               
            A Book (or Handy Men               
             Tells How to Make:                
Fireplace Suite      iS.37 Enlarging Camera    
Rustic Ardk and Door Simple Draw Table         
Rejecting Telescope  Modern Sideboard          
Cedar Chest*         Colonial Fireplace Feader 
Alcohol Blow Torch   Buried Treasure Finder    
Revelation Counter   Home-made Fixture*        
Model Tug Boat       Simple Telegraphooe       
Garden Fountain      Breakfast Nook            
Iceleat Refrigerator Sun Camera                
Magazine Binding*    Illuminated Thermometer   
Celluloid Article*   Cigarette Cabinet         
Deaf Phone           Step Ladder Stool         
Simple Hall Stand    Mechanical Mixer          
Mystery Pendulum     Knock-dosru Settee        
Small Lathe          Garden Pottery            
      And Gives Over 100 Handy Wrinkles        
        Got a Copy Today 1 Prico 25c           
         Teek Publications, Ine., 8H           
222 W. 30th St.      New York, N. Y.           
FOREST JOBS

  easily available. $125-$200 per month.
  Permanent. Cabin, hunt, trap, patrol.

Get details immediately

S. J. JORGENSEN

 1064 Maritime Building	Seattle. Vuhlngtoa

U. S. GOVERNMENT JOBS

Start S12S0 to $2100 year

examinations expected. Write irani
ately for free 32-page book, with lUt
of position* and full particulars telling
how to get them.

    FRANKLIN INSTITUTE
Dept. F265	Rock#*ter, N. Y.

   and 10 ta 23 Inches solid rippling
   juper-muscl# la 80 day*—or your MONEY BACK!
   My world-famous Stabbing 4 in I Course guarantee*
   Dynamie Energy. Doubled Stamina. Vlrill Manhood,
   Robust Health, Norasal Weight, 2-5 InthM on Che-t
   * Aran. Iron Will. 100% Nerre Fon-e. Rigid Self
   Control. Persona] Magnetism—or no tost. Com-
   plete Course on'.y S2.00 or partlcultrs FREE.

          LIONEL STEBBING. 0e»t. F.G.«

Forest Hill*	New York

Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements
6

VOLUME

9

THE
MAGAZINE
OF

SCIENCE FICTION

August, 1934
No. 4

T. O’GONOR SLOANE, PhD., Editor

Editorial and General Offices: 222 West 39th Street, New York. N. Y.

Extravagant Fiction Today.....Cold Fact Tomorrow

Old-Time Writing—Papyrus
and Vellum

 By T. O’CONOR SLOANE, Ph.D.

IT is fair to say that the first ma-
terial used for writing was a
smooth surface of stone. Clay too,
may have been used, made into a paste
and to be subsequently hardened by fir-
ing. Tablets with some kind of wax on
them were employed for more or less
temporary inscriptions and memoranda.
Then came papyrus, vellum and paper.

  The most ancient inscriptions in char-
acters suggesting writing are what are
known as ideographic as far as the
Egyptian nation is concerned. These
were little pictures of human beings,
animals and other objects and they grad-
ually lost much of the pictorial charac-
ter and developed into a sort of letters.
In Asia Minor there originated another
type of writing, which seems purely
arbitrary in its characters, as much so
as our present day letters. This class
was formed by combinations of marks

each one resembling the cross-section of
a wedge and each one of the same size
as its neighbor; they were grouped in
various ways and the grouping gave
them individual values as words or
alphabetical characters. These are what
are called cuneiform hieroglyphics, the
Latin word for a wedge being cuneus.
The tendency to an alphabet can be
traced to Egyptian and Asian inscrip-
tions.

  The Egyptian remains became an ob-
ject of study before the middle of the
last century, and it certainly seems that
Champollion, the founder of the sci-
ence, had a very obscure path to fol-
low. His first deciphering goes back to
1821, so we have a little more than a
century to look back upon.

  The Egyptian hieroglyphs, being def-
initely pictorial in origin, it would seem
that the archaeologist who tried to de-
AMAZING STORIES

7

cipher them would have had an insoluble
problem, but in 1799 a stone slab, with a
three-language inscription was found
near the town of Rosetta at the mouth
of the Nile, and one of the inscriptions
was in Greek. This is the famous Ro-
setta stone, a heavy piece of basalt, and
this ancient monument gave the clew to
some of the ancient Eyptian words. One
of the inscriptions was in what is called
the demotic character, which had lost
or outlived the pictorial hieroglyphics.
Other such monuments have been found,
which have helped in the difficult work.
A number of students investigated the
subject, among others Thomas Young,
one of the most famous physicists of old
times, celebrated for his work on the un-
dulatory theory of light and on the in-
terference of light waves. The develop-
ment of Young’s work in physics has had
a profound influence on modem astron-
omy. Yet in his archaeological work he
only discovered four letters.

  The Egyptians made great use of
seals. These were made out of stone,
often in the shape of beetles and the
design or seal was engraved on the flat
base under the carving of the body of
the insect. These were hieroglyphs.
Rubbed over with coloring matter they
were used as our rubber stamps are to-
day. It may be taken as the first print-
ing unless the Chinese antedate it with
their block printing.

  The Egyptians had another type of
seal which was engraved on the surface
of a small cylinder one-half inch or
more in diameter and an inch or more in
length and this was used by rolling it
on the surface to be inscribed after the
cylinder had been coated with a coloring
pigment. Here the Egyptians really
seemed to be ahead of us, as it is fair to
say that this is the first attempt at
printing from a cylinder, and to-day cyl-
inder printing presses turn out newspa-
pers at the rate of many thousands per

hour from a single complicated machine.

  It would seem that the cylindrical seal
of the Egyptians could be modified so
as to be used for rubber stamps. The
rolling motion would be particularly ef-
fective as the pressure would be on such
a small element of the cylinder at a
time that a very excellent impression
could be looked for. Rubber stamp
printing is relief printing—the old Egyp-
tian seals probably may be called in-
taglio printers.

  One of the most characteristic plants
of Egypt is the papyrus. This is a large
reed which grows to a height of ten
feet and whose interior consists of a
very strong pith. Centuries before it
occurred to anybody to make paper, this
pith used to be divided by cutting into
very thin slices, which were placed to-
gether, the sides having been cut very
true, so as to give a very close joint
and they were crossed by other strips
similarly cut, so that the finished product
was two layers thick. How they were
made to adhere is not perfectly clear—
whether there was some mucilaginous or
other adhesive natural sap in them,
which held them together, or whether
some additional adhesive was used, is
not known.

  The stems as thick as a man's arm at
the base, are triangular with an outer
shell or bark. Within is the pith. This
is white and very strong. It can be cut
into slices of various thicknesses as de-
sired. So strong is it that boats can be
built with it. Moses’ mother, Jochebed,
in her despair at the legally imposed
slaughter of the male children of the
Hebrews, put the infant Moses into
what has been called an “arc of bul-
rushes,” which was a little box made of
papyrus, and set the little creature adrift
on the Nile. We read of larger papyrus-
built craft, but this little vessel carried
a more impressive load than any of
them.
8

AMAZING STORIES

  The area, where it was cultivated was
much larger than the region it now grows
in. Its “cuT‘fvation” may have better
deserved the name of “conservation.”
The manufacture of papyrus for literary
work was carried on for many centuries.
It is said that it is still made in Syracuse.

  The material is so strong and amenable
to shaping that it was often used for
mummy cases. From these, by careful
treatment and straightening, papyri
have been recovered. Papyrus has also
been found in Herculaneum, as rolled-up
documents, charred in the destruction of
the city, which have been unrolled and
preserved.

  The world to-day, is developing a
mania for collecting. Fabulous prices
are paid for different objects of the
virtuoso’s fashion—it may be an almost
unique postage stamp or a first edi-
tion of a book of no particular literary
value and it would be quite curious if
one could make up a list of the “fads”
of collectors. And now comes the sad
part of all this. Papyrus was very en-
during, far more so than our modern
news-press paper, and buried in ancient
ground in Egypt and elsewhere, there
were quantities of papyrus manuscripts,
which were well worth the attention of
the world. It is hard to believe that
it was not until the year 1870 or there-
abouts that collectors of the highest
class and students of Egyptology and
ancient literature including Greek and
Latin, awoke to the fact that there
were quantities of papyri still to be had
in a good state of preservation although
centuries old. They were perhaps buried
in the ruins of a building and after pres-
ervation for twenty centuries or more
were rapidly disappearing, not by the
forces of nature, but by the ignorance of
man. Thus we are told of one instance
where a number of papyri were found
by the ignorant Arabs in a compact roll,
and they amused themselves by burning

them on account of what they thought
was the pleasant odor which they pro-
duced, and of the entire roll one was
fortunately saved.

  The searching for papyri is now be-
ing systematically conducted by scientific
organizations. The rather primitive in-
habitants of some of the regions, where
excavations are being made, have awak-
ened to the fact that papyri have a mar-
ket value, and we are told of their “rob-
bing the grave” in a sense, by carrying
on private excavations of their own in
competition with the governmental and
university investigators.

  If anyone will go to a public libary
and see the condition to which the paper
on which newspapers are printed reverts
after a few years, he will acquire a
great respect for papyrus.

  Therefore, when we read of Moses
and the bulrushes, it is papyrus w-e
should be thinking of, the plant cut up
and made into a little boat carrying the
infant who was to be the writer and ex-
ponent of the law for mankind. And
the Pentateuch, the first five books of the
Bible, were probably written on papyrus.

  The last sixty years have brought to
light a quantity of papyrus manuscripts,
which have been buried for centuries,
showing the great endurance of the pa-
per of the ancient world as we may call
it and the good quality of the ink with
which the words were written. The an-
cient literature thus far recovered has
little literary value. If the lost books
of Livys history could be found in
the quest, the world would be awakened
in earnest.

  In connection with paper made al-
most directly from vegetable matter,
bark cloth or tapa should be men-
tioned. This is made from the bark of
several kinds of trees, the outer bark
being removed and the inner bark
beaten out with mallets. This is done
in Africa and in the islands of the Pa-
AMAZING STORIES

9

cific and very beautiful results are at-
tained. It might be called paper, but
was never used for writing because the
people who made it had no written lan-
guage. Very interesting ornamental
patterns were painted upon it, one of
the many examples of the fondness of
mankind for decoration.

  Parchment is made from the skin of
very young animals, sheep, goats, and
calves. The name vellum applies to the
finest kind of parchment, for some of
the latter is far from smooth and is
somewhat dark in color. The manufac-
ture of vellum starts with the skin of
fine quality and thin. Washing, liming,
dehairing, scraping and paring, repeated
as often as necessary in each case, gives
the final product. About the year 200
A. D. parchment began to make itself

felt as a rival to papyrus. One great
effort was to make it thin. The color
of the two sides differed, one from the
other, so the custom obtained of putting
hair side to hair side and the lighter col-
ored, inner sides next to and facing
each other.

  Here a curious thing may be noted.
Papyrus was a definite width before be-
ing made up; in wide or narrow pieces.
Parchment was completely sheeted and in
single pieces from the beginning. But
modern man when he makes paper first
reduces the material to the finest shreds,
almost to dust, wet or dry, and then
felts it together to an enormous area.
Papyrus was made up into rolls also,
sometimes of many feet in length, but
never of size to compare with rolls of
paper of the present time.

EXAMPLES OF CUNEIFORM WRITING

demotic	EGYPTIAN	hieroglyphic

T—?	_____________.	, ——<•« .1

APPROX. PRON. & KEAN? FORM HiERATIC --------        TRANSCRIPTION    
                                    ORIGINAL FORM                    
Perso{* PHARAOH ”)         fllffJPV mts>          Perso snk tsz, Snb 
ySt. “father”              JJl                                       
    The gradual transformation of hieroglyphics into simplified characters are shown above,
where the name of “Pharaoh” of Egypt and the word "father" are inscribed in the original
almost pictorial forms (on the right), which were gradually changed to the demotic characters
approximating to handwriting. The word "demotic’’ is from the Greek and expresses or
suggests "simplification” or “popular."

    The philologist, W. D. Whitney, gives this statement concerning demotic characters:

     “The demotic has lost all relics of a pictorial character, being composed of a limited, though
large and unwieldy, number of arbitrary signs, chiefly phonetic.”

?f ff! JET T«-l£ <ff 3

Persian

                  -ttk £=* in <*ftw

Sustan

SKI -IK! =s=Tf SH<

Babylonian

     These cuneiform inscriptions in the cuneiform alphabets of three regions give the name of
Darius the Great, the king of Persia. A number of bilingual and trilingual inscriptions have
been discovered; the above is trilingual. The ones illustrated go back to the era of “Darius
great and good,” as the poet Dryden terms him, to between 400 B. C. and 500 B. C. They are
from a very famous rock inscription at Behistun in Persia. A limestone mountain rises to the
height of 1700 feet, and on its face at a height of 300 feet from the ground is the famous
inscription in the three languages shown in the illustration. The inscription tells of some of
the achievements of Darius. The little notch in the wide end of the wedge is supposed to
have originated with the use of the metal stylus, on soft clay, which was afterward fired.
10

  Life Everlasting

By DAVID H. KELLER, M.D.

Conclusion

The second part of the story promises to hold the reader's interest to the
very end, and it would be interesting to know how many will have guessed
what the conclusion of the story is to be. There is a very important moral
in the narration, a good bit of psychology, and human nature comes out on
top, for the author never lets his readers be disappointed in this regard.

He is a great believer in mankind.

Illustrated by MOREY

What Has Gone Before:

  We are told of an altruistic scientist who has
discovered a serum which seems to be a cure
for “the thousand natural shocks that the flesh
is heir to." The serum not only removes bodily
infirmities, but gives a new cast to the mind as
well as new life to the body A poor rooming
house affords him admirable subjects for his ex-
periments, and the owner of a tabloid paper, who
has a crippled son, is deeply interested in his
work and has his son also treated. The result
is amaxing, a cripple is cured of his infirmities,
the morale of others is changed. The tabloid
expects to make a great hit when permitted to
publish the story, but which for the present
is to be kept a dead secret. The inventor,
who is the hero of the story, after all these
results, which include the curing of some four-
teen hundred prisoners in Farview Prison in
Ohio, meets the President of the United States
and his cabinet. We now will read of the
results of the discussion at this important
meeting, what was done, and the second and
concluding instalment will tell us the rest. It
bids fair to hold us in suspense to the very end.

Gentlemen, i am giving

you a secret wliich, unless
something is done soon, will
no longer be a secret. Grant
died of cancer, Cleveland was
operated on for cancer, and I have been
treated by radium for over a year for
cancer. It has been a discouraging
year. A week ago my medical advisers
told me that at the most I will die in
six months. At Farview I saw a case

similar to mine, a patient who was con-
sidered to be completely cured thirty
days after he received one dose of the
serum.

  “You are all sick men. I am not ask-
ing you to give the diagnosis. This
is going to be a gift to you and not a
cold-blooded experiment. You know
what is wrong and you will know if you
are benefited. I am suffering from can-
cer and I am going to ask Mr. Biddle
to give me the first injection. I am
going to have him give it to me in front
of all of you. There will not be, as
far as we are concerned, any secrecy.
After I am treated I am going to have
a dose given to my dear friend, the
Vice President. After that the line forms
on the left. You can take it or leave
it. Think it over, talk it over, come
to a decision. All I ask of you is a
gentleman’s promise of secrecy. It will
not help the stock market to know that
I have cancer and that the Vice Pres-
ident has angina pectoris and may die
at any moment. Mr. Biddle, will you
proceed? Which arm?”

  There was an air of resistance in the
group. Whisperings of disapproval and
negativism. Ignorance of medical mat-
LIFE EVERLASTING

11

On the little steamer chugged between high, precipitous cliffs of Laurentian
granite, till at last, a thousand feet above them, to the left, they saw a
Madonna holding in her arms the Christ Child.
12

AMAZING STORIES

ters made the average man fear the
procedure. The thought of allowing an
unknown drug to be introduced into the
veins was a difficult one to face. Biddle
had given the serum to the President
and Vice President and no one stepped
forward to be the third patient. Sud-
denly a little dog walked slowly up to
the table leading a blind man. The dog
was a seeing friend; the man, Goresome,
the sightless leader of Montana.

  “Was there a blind man among those
convicts?” he asked.

  “There was,” Biddle answered.

  “What happened to him?”

  “I will answer that,” interrupted the
President. “I saw the man. I talked
with the eye specialist who studied his
case. He had perfect vision by the end
of twenty days.”

  “That is enough,” replied Goresome.
“This little guide of mine kept urging
me to move. For twelve years he has
guided me and not made one mistake.
I was born blind. 1 would like to see
the sunshine before I die. Give me the
needle.”

 “No man from the West has any
more courage than a New Yorker,” ex-
claimed a Senator from that State.
“I have been only half a man since
I had my stroke. I want to be the
next man after Goresome.”

  That started a general movement. At
the end only six men remained untreated.
Silent, critical, cool, determined, they
refused to be swayed by the group move-
ment.

  “Come back to Washington at the end
of thirty days, gentlemen,” concluded
the President, “and let us at that time
determine what is best for the Nation.”

ME minute, Mr. President,” shout-
ed one of the untreated six.
“What does Mr. Biddle get out of this?”
“You answer that, Mr. Biddle,” whis-
pered the President.

 “Nothing!” said Biddle. “If the
serum is of any value, I am willing to
give it to the nation.”

  “Why are you doing this?”

  “I have a sick son.”

 “Have you given him the serum?
Have you taken it yourself?”

  “The answer to both questions is
NO.”

 “Why?”

  “I do not care to discuss that. It is
personal.”

 “Are you sure you know what the
serum will do?”

  “No.”

  “What do you mean by that?”

  “I mean that I am not sure of all it will
do. I only know a part of its power.”
“Be honest with us. You say it makes
the blind see, the criminal an honest
man, it cures cancer, heart disease, and
every disease man can have. You admit
that. If it can do all that, what else
can it be asked to do? What other pow-
ers do you think it might have?”

  “I do not know.”

  “Have you any suspicions?”

  “Yes; but I will not say what they
are. Anything else ?”

  “No. You have said enough.”

  “Just one word more, gentlemen,”
said the President. “If Congress, in the
special session, passes the legislation I
will ask for, Mr. Biddle has promised
to address a joint session of the Senate
and the House and at that time ex-
plain the theory of the serum and give
the formula to a selected group of sci-
entists and physicians. He tells me that
it is easily and cheaply made. He as-
sures me that he wishes to make a gift
of it to the nation. But he feels that
its general use must be safeguarded by
wise and effective laws. I want to thank
those of you who have helped me by
personally giving Mr. Biddle a chance
to demonstrate the merits of’ his serum.
I am not in any way blaming the six
LIFE EVERLASTING

13

gentlemen who refused to experiment
with an unknown drug. Good night
and good luck to all of you.”

CHAPTER X

The Six Conspirators

THE six who had refused to take
the serum that night met in a Bal-
timore hotel. It w’ould be interest-
ing, if it could be written into the record,
that these six were powerful but corrupt
politicians, that they were the recipients
of large sums from the racketeers of the
underworld, that they saw in the serum
of Biddle the destruction of all forms of
vice. But such was not the case.

  The six men were clean-cut, respec-
table, hard-headed business men, who
considered political office simply as a
necessary adjunct to their business. They
were the majority stockholders in some-
of the largest corporations in the United
States, and their main interests were life
insurance, accident insurance, drug man-
ufacturing, bonding, hospitals, and the
higher education of the youth of Amer-
ica. One of them was the president of
a large university.

  The reason for the meeting was not
too much disbelief in the experiments of
Biddle but too great a belief. They saw,
perhaps more clearly than any other six
men in America, what the general use
of his serum would result in. They
sat around a table with their coats off
and their shirt sleeves rolled up. They
wanted to think.

  The university man started the discus-
sion :

  “I will imagine that I represent the
higher education, not only of one uni-
versity, but of the nation. The income
on our endowments pays much of our
expenses. That money is invested mainly
in life insurance companies and rail-
roads. The railroads have been hard hit.
If the life insurance companies collapse,

every college in America will have to
close. There would hardly be enough
money to pay the janitors, let alone the
professors. I am not going to do your
thinking for you, but I am going to ask
each of you to imagine what effect the
general use of the Biddle Serum will
have on the business of the life insur-
ance companies! Also the companies who
are doing accident insurance!

  “And here is the second thing I ask
you to think about. What two depart-
ments of every university are the best
attended, after the plain A.B. or B.S.
groups? The answer is law and medi-
cine. Why do our young men study
law and medicine? Because they expect
to make a living. Now, one more ques-
tion. Suppose the Biddle serum works
the way the inventor thinks it will?
What will happen to the practice of
law and medicine?

  “I do not like to admit it, but the
practice of law depends on the weak-
nesses of men’s souls and the practice
of medicine depends on the weaknesses
of their bodies. That must be evident
to all of us. There are over one hun-
dred and twenty-five million persons in
the United States and every day mil-
lions of them break some law and have
to have the help of lawyers, and every
day millions of them break some law
of health and have to appeal to the
medical profession. I tell you that thirty
days after the Biddle Serum is given to
all of these people the income of these
two professions will cease and the law-
yers and doctors will be on the streets
selling apples and holding out the tincups
for sweet charity. No one will want to
be a student of these professions. Our
law and medical schools will close their
doors. Who will want to study medi-
cine for ten years, at a cost of fifteen
thousand dollars, when any disease can
be cured by a single injection of a
simple serum that can be made by the
14

AMAZING STORIES

barrel by any manufacturing chemist!
The millions invested in our hospitals
will not yield one cent of income; every
drug company in America will go out
of business over night. There will be
no more surgical instruments sold. It
looks bad to me.”

  The other five remained in stolid,
stodgy silence. At last Winston Man-
ning almost cracked the spell of quiet
thinking. He had been Secretary of the
Treasury under a former President. He
was said to be one of the ten richest
men in America.

  “I guess that is all true. At least, the
conclusions are correct, once the prem-
ises are granted. There is another thing
that is disturbing me more than the tot-
tering of our universities.

UR Government is essentially one
that is ruled by the Classes for
the Masses. It is highly political. Ever
since it was founded the Common Peo-
ple have supported it in taxes and the
rulers have lived on those taxes. At
times the farmer, the little laborer, the
poor, white-collar man have had a hard
time to get along, but, so far, they have
not done much, because they have had
no great and outstanding leadership.
If they had the right kind of leaders,
they would tear the present political
machinery to pieces and out of the ruins
they would build a government that was
sympathetic with the under man, the
forgotten man, who does little except
work like a dog. live as best he can and
pay taxes.

  “Keep that in mind. For the time
forget the cases of cancer and blindness
and kidney disease that are said to
have been cured by the Biddle Serum.
Think what it has done to the souls of
the people who have taken that serum;
think of the changes it has made in
their personality. Take the case of the
taxi dancer in New York City. Of

course, The Purple Flash did not give
her right name, but I am sure the facts
concerning her are absolutely true. Then,
consider the reports of the psychologists,
and sociologists who studied those four-
teen hundred convicts in Farview Prison.
Take the simple statement of the hard-
boiled Warden. Take the strong words
he gave to the press: 7 have known
many of these men for years. Since the
giving of the serum they have changed so
for the better that I would trust any of
them in any way. I am seriously con-
sidering approaching the Governor of
Ohio with the suggestion that these men
be released from prison and given one
more chance to rehabilitate themselves!
Does it not seem that in some way this
serum enables men to think more clearly,
to live more cleanly, to follow more ac-
curately the teaching of the Golden
Rule?

  “To-day you saw over a hundred of
the leading politicians in the United
States step up and take that serum.
I know those men. You know them
Outside of Welfare Watkins, who is
an emotional, idealistic, asinine sort of
a person, I would not trust one of that
bunch with a five-cent piece. They would
take the pennies from a dead man’s eyes
and rob a starving infant of his bottle
of milk. They have had charge of the
Government Cow for years and they
have milked that cow dry. They know
every trick to deceive and rob the public.
And in their way they are as criminal
as the men of Farview ever dreamed
of being, only they were too smart to be
caught.

  “They took the serum. The President
was smart. He wants to come up for
another term. He thinks that if he
gives the populace free health, they will
vote for him. He never said a w’ord
to those men about curing their souls,
but he was very anxious to give them
healthy bodies, so they could repay him
LIFE EVERLASTING

15

with their gratitude. Perhaps they will.
He may have overlooked what the
damned drug would do to their souls.
But I tell you this. If the serum works
on those politicians in the same way it
worked on those criminals, they will
come back to Congress representing the
common people and having the interests
of the forgotten man at heart and at the
next election both the Democratic and
the Republican party will be killed, and
the country will cease to have a political
rule but will be governed solely in the
interests of the people. And that will
mean the death of every large corpora-
tion in America. Laugh about that if
you can.”

  Again the sextette remained silent.
At last a Bishop broke the silence. He
was a combination of Priest and Politi-
cian, and once had swayed a national
election by an appeal to religious preju-
dice.

  “Biddle knows more about this serum
than he is telling,” the clergyman whis-
pered. “You have talked about the fall
of universities and of political parties,
but there is something more serious.
Suppose he is right in his claim of being
able to cure the bodies of mankind?
Suppose the sick become well and the
well stay well? How are people going
to die? Are they going to die? What
is going to happen if they don't die?
Every religion in the world is based on
the fear and hope of eternity, the fear
of Hell and the hope of Paradise. But
how can there be a future if there is
no end to the present?

  “Our religious life will smash, our
churches close, the contributions to the
support of the clergy come to an end.”

  “You take it too seriously, Bishop,”
laughed the university president. “Biddle
never said he could give the people im-
mortality. He does not think so and
no one else thinks so.”

  “I know he did not say so,” argued

the Bishop, “but he did say that he was
not sure of just what power the serum
held. Even suppose that death does
come. His serum robs the world of
sin and I cannot see how the Church
would function were it not for sin. I
understand his subconscious thought,
and it is one I have had to combat for
years; the idea that there is no sin, only
disease, and that all crimes are simply
symptoms of an abnormal body or mind
—that if the disease could be discovered
and cured, the symptoms would disap-
pear and the patient would cease to be
a criminal. I have had an army physi-
cian argue that a cocaine fiend was sim-
ply a sick man, just like a victim of
typhoid fever. Now, if all wickedness
in the world can be done away with just
by giving every person a dose of the
Biddle Serum, what is going to be the
future of my church? And every other
church ?”

T is growing late,” growled one of
the men. “What is the answer?
We cannot get anywhere by talking
about the immortality of the soul and
the philosophy of crime and religion.
What are we going to do about it?”
“We have to see Biddle and buy the
secret of the serum from him!” de-
manded the Bishop.

  “Suppose he won’t sell?”

  “He will if we find out his price.”
  ‘'But he may be honest.”

  “Then there is only one thing to do,”
sighed the university professor. “We
will talk to him kindly. We will show
him where he is wrong. We will per-
suade him that the best thing is to form
a company for the manufacture and dis-
tribution of the drug. We will tell him
that he can be president of the com-
pany. Tell him anything. Pay him
anything he asks. Money, power, rep-
utation, a trip to Europe to demonstrate
the drug.
16

AMAZING STORIES

  “We will do that little thing. If he
refuses to listen to us, we will have to
take him out for a ride!”

  “Why Professor!!” exclaimed the pol-
itician.

  “And,” continued the president of a
noted university, “Congress can then
meet. The blind Goresome may see, our
beloved President may be cured of his
cancer. They will wait, but they will
wait in vain for the arrival of Biddle,
the philanthropic inventor of the cureall
serum. There will be a lot of talk, and
then the people will laugh and call it
one of the greatest bluffs of the age and
say that Barnum died too soon, but left
worthy followers in Welfare Jones and
our great President.”

  And that was the final decision of the
six conspirators.

CHAPTER XI

Fate Intervenes

THE six lost no time in making
contact. It was thought best to
have the negotiations opened by
the Bishop. He went to Philadelphia,
located Biddle and called on him in his
laboratory. His name, his position in
society made the door to the scientist’s
office open rather easily, in spite of the
fact that the man and every move he
made was carefully guarded by Secret
Service Men. The President did not
want anything to happen to the maker
of the serum.

  The Bishop thought he knew his man.
He had an idea that honesty would be
the best policy; at least sufficient hon-
esty to convince his listener that he was
honest. So, without loss of a second,
he opened the conversation:

  “Mr. Biddle. I represent five other
men besides myself. When I name
those five you will recognize them as be-
ing leaders in everything that is tra-
ditionally great in America. They stand

for culture, education, stability, and the
best things of life. We have met
and given serious consideration to your
discovery. We believe in you, and the
value of your serum. But we are not
convinced that the plan of the President
of the United States is the wisest and
best one. To our mind, there are sev-
eral objections. As I understand it, you
propose to make this medicine available
to every one, rich and poor, wise and
ignorant, irrespective of color. Am I
right ?”

  “I really do not know. It may be
that there will be some restrictions. That
is up to Congress.”

  “Would it not be better to -have at
least an educational limit? You are giv-
ing unlimited health to the world; would
it be wise to give it to all? Should it
not be limited to those who can use and
appreciate such a blessing?”

  “You think that to those who have shall
be given and those who have little shall
lose their all?”

  “Not exactly.”

  “Then what do you think?”

  “Just this. The man who receives
your serum will be endowed with won-
derful health. He will have a great
advantage over his fellows. Now, to use
that advantage to the greatest good, he
should have a corresponding intelligence,
be of a good family, have a background
of culture. Your experiment with the
criminals was all right as an experi-
ment, but we cannot approve of it as
routine practice. Do you intend to re-
store healthy bodies to the underworld?
the insane? the mentally defective? and
turn them loose on society to continue to
be a burden, and an additional one be-
cause of their vigorous bodies?”

“ T HOPED that there would be a
 * change in their minds.”

  “That is impossible. Can a leopard
change his spots?”
LIFE EVERLASTING

17

  “Perhaps not. At least, even with liis
spots he will be a happier leopard if he
is a healthy one.”

  “All right But how about Europe?
Asia? Those nations owe us millions,
even billions of dollars. Are you going
to give them universal health? I feel
that they are waiting for the time to
come when they can crush us. If you
make a public announcement of the
formula, every country in Europe will
start making the serum at once.”

  “It will be a fine thing for their sick.”
“Oh! I admit that, but think of our
country! Would it not be better to keep
the formula a secret and sell them the
drug? If you do not want to profit, let
a corporation be formed with a large
percentage of profits going to the Gov-
ernment. That would lower taxes, and,
at the same time, keep the secret as a
national possession. Would you do
that?”

  “No.”

  “Will you sell it to us?”

  “No.”

  “What is your price ?”

  “I have none.”

  “What do you want? Wealth? Pow-
er? Fame? Office? Name it. We
are in a position to give you anything
you ask for if you go in with us.”

  “I do not want anything.”

  “One more question. Why did you
want to make a serum like this?1'

  “I have a son.”

  “Have you given him the serum?”
“No. Now Bishop, I feel that we
understand each other. My time is val-
uable. Will you excuse me?”

  “Five hundred million ?”

  “Go. If you do not, I will have to
have you removed.”

  The Bishop left.

BIDDLE sat down and, in long hand,
wrote a confidential report of the
entire conversation and sent it to the

President He felt it was important. So
did the President.

  The Bishop went back to the pow-
erful five.

  “I know a man,” said the politician,
“who can do this little thing for us.
He takes pride in his special abilities. Of
course his price for Biddle would be
high. The inventor has become a na-
tional personage. But this man would
do it for a million.”

  “Put him to work,” said the Bishop.
“I hope he has better luck than I had.”
That night a sleek, little man, nicely
dressed and carefully manicured, called,
by invitation, to see a powerful poli-
tician. He listened to the man’s story.

  “A million is a lot of cash,” he at
last commented, “and this guy Biddle is
worth it, and maybe more. It can be
done, but I do not want to take all the
grief. Who is back of this?”

  “Do you have to know?”

  “I should. I want to feel sure that
they have power enough to take care of
me. The matter need not be talked
about. Just have a supper in a quiet
place and invite me. I know most of
the big guys, and then, after I have a
chance to look them over, I will give
you my answer and my price.”

  "I am not sure they would come.”
  “Then I am sure I won’t do it.”

  “I’ll see them.”

  “Better make it to-night, and get a
quiet place, and a back room. How
about meeting at ‘Tony’s Place’ down on
the Avenue? He is a friend of mine
and knows how to keep him mouth shut.
Ten to-night, and the six of you had
better be there.”

  Seven men sat around a small table
at ‘Tony’s Place’ that night. Six of
them ate little and talked less. The
sleek little man ate and talked for the
rest. At last he wiped his mouth.

  “You want me to take this man Bid-
dle for a ride?”
18

AMAZING STORIES

  “Something like that,” whispered the
politician.

  “How about two million?”

  “We will pay it in coin,” said the
University President. “No bank notes
and no checks and no publicity.”

  “O. K. with me. But, with your ed-
ucation, you ought to know that two
million in coin is a lot of metal. You
had better arrange to give it to me in
negotiable government bonds. Suppose
one of you meets me here to-morrow
night with them? I’ll be going now. I
don’t want to be seen leaving here with
you. I have a reputation to preserve.”
He went out of the room. Ten min-
utes later the six men left ‘Tony’s
Place.’ On the sidewalk they were
greeted by a blast of machine bullets.
They were dead before they knew what
had happened to them; dead before the
auto with the closed curtains was a
block away.

CHAPTER XII

Biddle Has a Caller

TWO days after this Biddle had a
visitor. None other than the
President of the United States.
He came without notice and so secre%
that his arrival in Philadelphia did not
receive the attention of the papers, un-
til he was ready to return to Washing-
ton. He asked for a private interview
with the inventor.

  “I received your letter,” he said to the
scientist. “In a way I was not surprised.
Those six men have been persistent in
their efforts to block every effort of
mine to have legislation passed that
would in any way be of benefit to the
people. They were intelligent and felt
that they had a sacred trust, and that
was the preservation of Special Inter-
ests. They felt that in some way the
general use of your serum would be in-
jurious to the various corporations they

represented. In refusing to take the
serum themselves they paid you a high
compliment. They evidently wanted to
go the limit in blocking any plan leading
to its general use. Have you seen the
papers ?”

  “I have not seen a paper for four
days. I have been busy working out my
plans for the manufacture of the serum
in bulk.”

  “Then, you do not know what hap-
pened to the six?”

  “Oh! That? Yes, I heard about it.”
“Did you have anything to do with
it? I know that is a hard question for
you to answer, but I must know. Their
antagonism to my future plans must be
known, and their being killed in front of
a New York speakeasy has already
raised all kinds of gossip. I feel that
the Administration can weather the
storm, but I should like to know the
facts. Would you mind giving them to
me ?”

  “You do not think I killed them?”
“No. You do not impress me as a
gangster and the crime was that kind
of a murder. But you had every rea-
son to fear them, and I feel sure they
intended some harm to you. Probably
not murder, but certainly kidnapping, or
blackmail. As soon as I received your
letter I made arrangements for your
protection, but, evidently it was not
necessary ”

  “No. It was all taken care of.”

  “Do you know how it was done?
Who did it?”

  “Yes, but just within the last two
hours. In fact, I just said good-bye to
the source of my information about
thirty minutes before you arrived. My
visitor was none other than Silent Sin-
cox. Perhaps you have heard of him?
He is a rather powerful force in the
various rackets of New York. He came
to see me.

  “Life, Mr. President, is a rather
LIFE EVERLASTING

19

peculiar thing. Millions of people, act-
ing and interacting and reacting on each
other. Millions who are swayed this
way and that way by the tides of life,
with no clear perception of where they
are going or why they are going or
why they are doing what they are doing.

  “Something of all this happened in
regard to our six leaders. When they
found they could not bribe me, they de-
cided to kill me. I suppose they had
the right idea, and I am not sure tliat
we can blame them. They were a little
careful in the way they went at it; at
least they secured the services of a man
who was never known to double-cross a
customer and who never failed to earn
the price of taking a man for a ride.
He was so clever that the police so far
have absolutely failed to pin a single
murder on him. Of all the killers in
America they could not have selected one
who was more to be trusted in a matter
like that.

  “But Silent Sincox did not come from
Italy. He came from Shamokin, Pa.,
and his right name was Peter Casey.
He had a sister he loved dearly. Her
name was Mary. He tried to make her
behave, but he made a failure of it. She
came to New York, changed her name to
Valencia Moore and was one of my first
cases. The serum made a rather re-
markable change in her morals. The
case was one of those detailed in the
Purple Flash, but the name was changed.
Of course, the brother knew of the
change. He knew that in some way I
was the one who was responsible for it.
Rather a coincidence, was it not?”

“VT’OU would think that was enough.

     But it was not the only odd feature
of this story. Silent Sincox had a friend,
a boy he had known since childhood.
The friend committed murder, was
caught redhanded and sentenced to life
imprisonment in Farview Prison. Sin-

cox used to go and visit him. He was
dying from tuberculosis. Death was
just around the corner. He was one
of the convicts who received the first
injection. Sincox knew about that. He
was not sure of my name, but he made
it his business to do something for me.
He told me that his first thought was to
buy me a diamond ring. That was co-
incidence, number two.

  “Now, of all the killers in America,
these six men had to go to this man
and ask him to kill a person by the
name of Biddle. He knew there was
more than one Biddle; so, he did a lit-
tle stalling and learned that the specific
Biddle he was being hired to kill, was
the man who had reformed his sister
and cured his friend. He arranged mat-
ters, met the six men, walked out of the
speak-easy ahead of them, gave the sig-
nal to his helpers, and that was all there
was to it. There was no way at all to
show that he was at all connected with
the murder. He paid all the expenses
and the men who did it are now on
their way to Italy in a private seaplane.

  “But he felt that I ought to know
about it. If some men wanted to kill
me, there might be others. He wanted
me to be on my guard. So, he called on
me, and told me the story. He will
never kill another man.”

 “How do you know?”

  “I gave him a dose of serum just be-
fore he left.”

CHAPTER XIII

The President’s Message

THE Senate Chamber was filled
with Senators and Representa-
tatives. The visitors' galleries
were jammed with the aristocracy of
America and Ambassadors and Minis-
ters from foreign lands. The press-
boxes were filled to overflowing. The
President personally was going to open
20

AMAZING

STORIES

the special session of Congress and read
his message.

 The Chamber rocked with applause
as he walked in, followed by his Cab-
inet and Governors from over three-
quarters of the States. When the ap-
plause died away to silence he began to
read:

 “To the Senators and Representatives
of the Congress of the United States.

 “/ have Asked you to Meet in Spe-
cial Session to Consider a Matter of
Vital Importance to the Interests and
Welfare of Every Citizen of This
Country.

   “At a time when the economic
 foundations of our country are being
 shaken, when the deficit is growing
 and in spite of all our efforts to
 balance the budget the nation is rap-
 idly falling in bankruptcy and no
 system of taxation appears possible,
 new hope is given us by a scientific
 discovery that may be of such
 value that it will revive our entire
 economy and make us again a
 prosperous and happy people.

    “I refer, as you probably know,
 to the discovery of a serum by a
 scientist named Biddle. This serum
 has been given to five persons in
 New York City, to over fourteen
 hundred convicts in Farview Prison,
 Ohio, and, lastly, to over one hun-
 dred of the leading officials of this
 county, including your President
 and Vice President.

    “In every case the giving of the
 serum has been attended with
 changes so decisive; so far reach-
 ing in the healing of disease and the
 recovery of the patient that the
 medical experts feel that a new
 force has been isolated which will
 revolutionize the life of the human
 race.

   “For several decades the com-
 monwealths of our country have

been increasingly burdened with the
care of the abnormal. The care of
the insane, the mentally deficient,
the epileptic, the criminal, the psych-
opathic personalities has become one
of the main costs of our national
life.

   “In addition, there has been an in-
creasing demand that the states
or the nations care for the tubercu-
lous, the cancer cases, and other
forms of incurable disease. Add to
all this the hospitalization of our ex-
service men and the entire country
is loaded to the saturation point,
simply with discharging its respon-
sibility to its sick and disabled
citizens.

  “Crime also adds to the cost of
government. Remove crime and
you lessen the work of our judiciary
to a minus point and also empty our
prisons.

  The general use of the Biddle
serum promises all this and more to
our nation. Mr. Biddle has offered
it as a gift to the country if we can
assure him that it will be wisely and
properly used. He feels that its use
should be available to everyone in
this country, irrespective of race,
wealth or social position.

  “I have, therefore, prepared a law
to be known as the Serum Bill. I
am asking you to pass this law with
such amendments as you see fit. If
you can assure Mr. Biddle that the
main features of the law as we have
framed them will be preserved, he
has promised to address you at
once and give to the representatives
of the medical profession, who have
met writh us at my invitation the
formula of his serum, full direc-
tions as to its use and his opinion
as to just what benefits the country
will derive from his gift.”
LIFE EVERLASTING

21

  His message delivered, the President
turned and sat down. Instead of ap-
plause there was a buzz of conversa-
tion. The Vice President rapped for
order, and said:

  “I am going to call on Senator Gore-
some of Montana.”

  Down the crowded center aisle walked
a little dog, leading a man. The sight was
a familiar one. For years the blind
Senator had been led by his faithful
dog. Reaching the rostrum, the dog sat
down and looked up at his master and
friend. The man turned, bent over and
patted the animal on the head. The
dog wagged his tail.

Y friends,” began the Montana
Senator. “We have all re-
ceived printed copies of the legislation,
called the Serum Bill, which the Pres-
ident asks us to consider and, if we see
fit, to make it a law. We have read the
bill and approve of it. I have been in
conference with the leaders of both Re-
publican and Democratic parties, and
they assure me that action will be
taken as rapidly as is consistent with
the rules of our respective bodies. Mr.
Biddle need have no doubt as to our in-
tentions in this matter. Both the House
and Senate pledge themselves to sup-
port this legislation.

  “Now, I wish to say something that is
purely personal. I was born blind. For
the last twelve years my little dog has
led me through the dangers of this
world and has led me safely. We have
become inseparable friends. I think that
if he discovered that he was no longer a
necessity in my life, he would die of
grief. Some weeks ago I received an
injection of the Biddle serum. I re-
covered my sight, and now have perfect
vision. It may have been a coincidence,
but I feel that the serum gave me some-
thing I was sure I could never have.
But in gaining my sight I saw that I

might cause my little friend much suffer-
ing. He is growing old and will soon
die. For the little while he lives I am
going to pretend I am still blind. Just
to make a little dog happy.

  “Mr. Biddle, a man who was once
blind but who can now see wishes to
thank you for his sight The world
he now sees appears to be a very beau-
tiful one. W*hen I realize that the same
gift I received can become the heritage
of every blind person in the United
States I am filled with awe and won-
der. Sir, you are but a human being,
but in your invention of this serum, you
have been inspired by a power that is
Divine.

  “In your future you will receive due
praise for your work. Your name will
go down in the history of the Nation as
one of its greatest benefactors. But I
cannot wait for the future. I wish to
take this opportunity of voicing the
thought of a Nation that has not yet
awakened to the gift you have given
them. In the name of every man, woman
and child, every one who is sick or
afflicted, I thank you. If, at any future
time, a grateful Nation can do anything
for you, Mr. Biddle, all you have to do
is to come to this chamber and ask it
for help. Again a blind man who can
see thanks you for the blessing of that
sight."

  He turned to walk back to his seat,
the little dog leading him. There may
have been an uneasy murmur when the
President finished his message, but now
there was wild applause. The legisla-
tures, the audience, the press rose and
gave to an individual the greatest per-
sonal tribute that the Senate Chamber
had ever seen. Goresome and his little
dog and his simple speech had touched
the human heart more than any flight of
oratory could ever have done. The au-
dience was cheering Biddle, the inven-
tor of the serum, but they were also
22

AMAZING STORIES

adding their tribute to the great leader
who could, in his moment of happiness,
think of the happiness of his little dog.

 Biddle stood up and bowed, in re-
sponse to the insistent clamor of the
cheering throng. He went over to
Goresome and took his hand. Just that,
and not a word from either of them. Just
a handshake.

       CHAPTER XIV
       Biddle Explains

AN hour later the scientist met twelve
/A physicians in the President’s
^ ^ office at the White House. The
President was there, a stenographer, and
one representative of the press.

 The physicians had been carefully
selected by the American Medical Asso-
ciation. Each was a specialist, and one
was, in addition to being a physician, a
noted chemist. After introductions Bid-
dle began his explanation of the serum.
He talked at length concerning the one
celled animal, showed how man was
simply a collection of such cells. He
called their attention to the fact that
under favorable circumstances the
isolated cell could live indefinitely,
whereas, in large masses, as in the body
of a man, they rapidly died, could not
reproduce, starved from lack of proper
nourishment and .ultimately produced
such a poisoning of the system that the
entire mass died.

  He explained that his thought, years
ago, had been to improve the circulation
in such a way that the individual cell
would live longer. Later he found that
within the cell was a mass of energy,
capable of providing life indefinitely if
it could be liberated. He was not sure
what this energy was; it might be some
form of radiant vibration, it might be
energy obtained from the splitting Qf the
hydrogen atom. He had worked for
some years on the probleril of the re-

lease of this energy, and had finally
solved it. Even in the solution he was
very much in the dark. He simply knew
that the injection of a certain serum or
solution of chemicals gave an extra
function to the individual cell and en-
abled it to release this energy just as
well when it was in combination with
millions of cells of the human body, as
it could when it was isolated and de-
tached from all others

  Even there he was in doubt as to
whether he was simply restoring a lost
power to the cell or giving it a new
power.

  He had experimented with this solu-
tion on many forms of multicellular life.
In all instances the effect was the same.
It made a sick plant or animal well. Five
years ago he had started to experiment
with sick mammals and had cured vari-
ous diseases. His work with the higher
apes had been most interesting. At last
he had felt justified in beginning his
work with the human animal. The re-
sults had been identical with those he
had seen in the lower types of animal
life.

  It was more and more clear to him,
he explained, that all conduct that was
selfish and anti-social was simply the
result of sickness. He hoped that future
work with the serum would make this
thought a definite scientific fact. If it
were true, then all sin and evil in the
world could be wiped out, and man,
following the Golden Rule, would leap
upward toward the stars.

  In his work with animals he felt that
he had been able to prolong life. That
Would have to be considered. At pres-
ent all that could be said was that the
expectancy of life would be increased.
How much would be added to the span
of human existence would have to be
determined by years of observation. The
question of a second dose would also
have to be experimented with. Person-
LIFE EVERLASTING

23

ally, he felt that the maximum result
would be obtained from one dose of
ten cubic centimeters.

  He hoped that there would be an im-
provement in the intelligence of the
nation. He was sure there would be
some advance. Certain of the convicts
had shown a remarkable increase in their
intellectual quotient. That result also
would have to be studied.

  But, even if nothing more resulted than
the improvement of the physical health
of the nation, it would be worth while.
He advised that the serum be made in at
least a dozen laboratories and distributed
free to every reputable physician. He
understood that the Serum Bill would
provide for pensioning the medical pro-
fession in return for their services. They
would need some pension as, when the
entire population was treated, there
would be little or no work for either
physician or surgeon, except in accident
cases. Even in severe accidents a dose
of the serum would perhaps cure with-
out an operation.

  He ended by giving the compostion of
the serum and the manner of its prep-
aration. It was not a true serum, but,
rather, a watery compond of certain well
known chemicals. He had called it a
serum because that name was best ap-
preciated by the laity. When he fin-
ished he asked the chemist if he
understood and would be able to make it.

 “Understand? Make it?” asked the
chemist. “Why, it is so simple that
anyone could follow the directions and
make it. It is too simple. I wonder
why no one thought of it before?”

 COLUMBUS and the egg,” re-
marked the President. “And now,
gentlemen, have any of you any ques-
tions to ask Mr. Biddle? He is very
anxious to leave the city.”

  "How about the diet?"' asked one of
the doctors.

  “Anything at all, but the person will
eat less and less food and drink more and
more water. He may use the hydrogen
atom in the water. I am not sure.”

  “I think,” said the President of the
A. M. A., “that I have never met a
man who knew more about a thing and
was less sure of that knowledge. At
the same time, it is not necessary to
know how the drug works so long as
we are sure of the fact that it does. I
feel that Mr. Biddle has done his share.
It is now our duty, as members of the
greatest, most self-sacrificing profession
in the world, to begin the work that will
ultimately make us all hunt another job.
You are not sure, Mr. Biddle, how much
life will be prolonged?”

  “I cannot answer that. Certainly
some years.”

  “Do you think there is a cliance that
after a person lives a long time, he may
gain the impression that he cannot die?”
“I do not know.”

  “Have any of the animals you have
experimented with died?”

  “None of them have died a natural
death. Of course, I killed a number
of them for microscopic study.”

  “Have you considered the great in-
crease in population if the span of life is
greatly prolonged?”

  “Yes, but I do not think we need
worry about it. Wealth will greatly in-
crease. Life will be easier, happier. The
healthy man will find new methods of
socialization. In addition to all this
there will be a decrease in the birth
rate.”

  ‘ What makes you think so?”

  “I do not know. I just feel so. Per-
haps man will be wiser.”

  “You, evidently, do not want to dis-
cuss this point. Why not?”

  “Because I know so little about it.”
“Have you anything to tell us? To
advise us?”
24

AMAZING STORIES

“V7’ES. I would first concentrate on
the abnormals, those who are def-
inite charges on the State. Emptying
the hospitals and then see to it that
every citizen of the United States re-
ceives his dose. You will have to be
careful of the criminal class. They will
probably try to escape. There is one
thing in which I think, the medical pro-
fession should go on record. In regard
to the prisoners, we should feel that
every so-called bad man and bad wom-
an was a sick man and sick woman.
Once they have recovered from that
sickness, they should be given liberty.
You know my argument. The legal
profession, the penologists must accept
it. In fact, I had it written into the
Serum law, but you must educate the
public to the point where they will be
willing to follow out that provision.”
And, with that, he prepared to leave
the room. He went into the President’s
private office for a last word.

  “I forgot to ask you, but perhaps it
was not necessary. How is your throat ?”
The cancer?”

  “Cured! At least, that is what my
specialists tell me.”

  “Good! That is fine.”

  Just then one of the private secre-
taries came into the office.

  “The English Ambassador is here. He
is demanding an interview with the
President and Mr. Biddle.”

  “You know what he wants, Biddle?”
asked the President.

  “Certainly. He wants the formula
so he can send it over to his country.
He is just the first to ask for it. In
the next twenty-four hours the world
will be knocking at your door.”

  “I have been afraid of that. How
would it be to effect a compromise?
Tell them they can have the secret, if
they promise to disarm and sign a
treaty of everlasting peace?”

  Biddle smiled; it was a rather timid,
frightened smile.

  “I do not think that will be neces-
sary. I think we should tell them how-
to make it and advise them to give it
to their entire population. If the serum
works the way I think it will work, there
will never be any more wars, treaties or
no treaties. After all war is simply na-
tional insanity and a form of sickness.
The serum ought to help. I believe it
will. Of course, it is a big idea, Mr.
President, and it is so big I am afraid
of it, but I would advise you to talk
frankly with the various ambassadors
and give them the formula without re-
strictions. And, now, I must be going.”
“Won't you stay for supper? I should
like to give some of my friends a chance
to meet you.”

  “No. My work here is over. I have
a son. I want to go and see him.”

CHAPTER XV

The School for Unusual Children

THE Mary Gregory School for Un-
usual Children was one of the first
of its kind in America. The super-
rich in the past had built libraries,
endowed museums, financed founda-
tions for the eradication of disease, and
had even built monuments to their fam-
ily fame in the form of wide roads
across an entire state.

 But Mary Gregory, left more mil-
lions by her family than she or any
other woman would know what to do
with, built a school to care for fifteen
hundred unusual children, and after it
was built and completely furnished she
employed the best personnel in the coun-
try to go there and work, and set aside an
endowment sufficient to provide a thou-
sand dollars income for each child per
year. Then, and only then, she gave
the entire school to the State of Maine.
When she was criticized for giving it to
LIFE EVERLASTING

25

Maine rather than to New York, she
simply smiled and said she felt that the
children of Maine needed it.

  At the head of the schood she placed
a man who for years had worked with
the abnormal child. For twenty years
he had studied them, cared for them,
laughed and cried with them, and had
tried to make them happy. He was a
great man, who, in his simplicity, be-
lieved that after another twenty years
of study he would begin to understand
how to care for the unusual child.

  Dr. Bonchield’s motto for the entire
school was, “Happiness First." He be-
lieved that if the children were happy,
the other essentials of life would be
supplied them easily, provided, of
course, there was money and intelli-
gence.

  Slowly fifteen hundred children were
admitted to this school. They were all
mentally deficient, of all grades, from
the lowest idiot to the highest moron.
But each child, irrespective of his in-
tellectual quotient, was to be given an
opportunity to advance to the limit of
his ability. They were to be given aca-
demic education, occupational therapy,
moral instruction, athletic diversion and
emotional outlet.

  When Biddle left Washington he went
directly to this school. There he met,
by appointment, Mary Gregory and Dr.
Bonchield. Both of them knew him,
as he made occasional visits to the
school. Mary Gregory was growing
old, but was still alert mentally.

  “It appears,” she said as she greeted
Biddle, “that you have become a per-
sonage of international renown.”

  The scientist smiled.

  “It seems that way; and that was
the last thing I wanted; but certain
things had to be done and in my doing
them people had to find out who I was.
Now that it is all over, I want nothing
more than to sink back into obscurity.

I have a little work to do here and
then I intend to go to Canada. I have
a little country place up there that I
believe is safe from reporters.”

  “Up here in Maine,” interrupted Dr.
Bonchield,” we are very much in the
backwaters of life. Of course, we read,
the newspapers; Miss Gregory and I
have been talking about it, trying to
decide what it all means. Is it your
thought that the serum will actually
change our civilization? Or is that just
the dream of the newspapers?”

  “I do not believe that anyone knows
just what it will do,” was the scien-
tist’s serious reply. “We are too close
to it. I feel that it will take twenty-five
years at least before the final results
can be analyzed. But there is no doubt
that it will improve the health of the na-
tion, lower the tax rate, and, I hope, in-
crease the happiness of the individual.”
Mary Gregory sighed,

  “We received your letter and we
have given it serious thought. Of
course, we are going to help you to give
our children the serum. It is impossible
for us to refuse; but we feel that we
know more about these children than
you do, and we feel that we should
warn you not to be overconfident of
the results. You explain how we look
at it, Doctor Bonchield.”

T seems to us,” said the Doctor,
taking up the thread of the conver-
sation, “that you should realize that
mental deficiency is not a disease, but
a condition; not a unity, but a scrap-
basket. It arises from many causes.
Some cases are hereditary, but feeble-
mindedness can occur as a symptom of
a number of other diseases and surgi-
cal conditions. In many instances the
brain is so damaged that the intelligence
is completely destroyed. We feel that
there may be an improvement in the
general health of the children, follow-
26

AMAZING STORIES

mg the injection of your serum, but
there will not be any noticeable change
in their deficiency. They will remain
feeble minded.”

  “You may be right,” admitted the
scientist. “You certainly know a great
deal more about it than I do. Mental de-
fect was something I could not ex-
periment with in the lower forms of
life. Some of the convicts were rather
low, but there were not enough of them
to make any definite conclusion pos-
sible. All we can do is to give the serum
and wait thirty days. I know that the
maximum results will be reached in that
time. I feel sure your own physicians
will be able to do the work. There has
been so much notoriety that I hesitated
asking you to secure additional help.
Of course, there was another reason.”
"You mean the boy?” asked Mary
Gregory.

  “Yes. You see, I have been con-
siderably worried about him. The en-
tire work was done with him in mind. I
have tried to keep him in the background
as much as possible. Now, that I can
be a little selfish and devote some time
to my personal problems, I do not want
the matter a subject of world gos-
sip. How is the boy?”

  “As well as can be expected. You
know how those Mongolian cases are?
low vitality, poor resistance to infection,
always getting scratches and colds.”
“You have no idea of the cause of
Mongolianism ?”

  “No. Nothing new. It just hap-
pens.”

  Biddle stood up, placed a suitcase
oil the desk and opened it.

  “I brought the serum along with me.
Some of my own make; I wanted to be
sure of it. If you are ready, suppose
you call in the staff, explain matters to
them and start with the injections.”
“May I watch?” asked Mary Gregory.

  “Certainly! You should be very much
interested.”

  “I am. Fifteen million dollars worth.
You realize what this will do to the
School if it is successful? I shall have
to find some other use for it. Of course,
some of the children will have to be
cared for anyway; they have no families.
But if these children are given normal
minds by your serum, the Mary Gregory
School for Unusual Children will be
simply a historical memory.”

  “And I,” added Dr. Bonchield, “will
be a man without a job.”

  “I will take care of you,” said Mary
Gregory, “if you will let me do it. Are
you going to give us the serum, Mr.
Biddle?”

  “If you want me to. I thought we
might as w-ell give it to you and the
staff, so they can observe my exact tech-
nique.”

  “Do you want to take care of your
little boy yourself?”

  “No. I have rather definite plans
for him. I want you to give all of your
patients the serum. Then wait thirty
days. If, at the end of that time, you
feel that it is curative, if you are
pleased with the results, then give the
regular dose to my boy. I am going
up to Canada to rest and think. In
sixty days I will be back for the boy.

I am thinking of a trip to Europe with
him. If he is well, he will enjoy that.
How old is he now, Doctor?”

  “Nearly twelve.”

  “Just right to be a dandy companion
on a walking trip through the Black
Forest. Let’s get started. You know
my plan. Just wait thirty days and
then, if the other little boys and girls
are helped as much as I hope they will
be, give him his serum.”

  “Why not give it now, Mr. Biddle?”
asked the Doctor.

  “Because he is my son. I have to be
sure. All this work was done to restore
LIFE EVERLASTING

27

him to normal mental health. If I give
it to him and there are no results, life
will not mean very much to me. I
promised his Mother before she died
that I would try to help him. There
must be no failure. I must be sure. I
shall be able to pass the sixty days very
nicely. I have a lot to work over in
my mind. I know you people ,and I
trust you to make a correct decision.”
“Will you give us your address?”
asked the Doctor.

  “No. I am giving that to no one.
But I will be back in exactly thirty
days after you give the boy his injection,
sixty days from to-day, and, now, Miss
Gregory will you let me give you the
medicine ?**

SIXTY days later the scientist walked,
unannounced, into Dr. Bonchield’s
office.

  “Well, Doctor, how are the children?”
he, asked.

  The specialist looked up.

  “Oh! It is you, Mr. Biddle. The
The children? Why, they are all well.
In fact, the children are very well.”
“Did the serum work?”

  “Something did. Our boys and girls
are normal, physically and mentally.
The lame are walking, the blind seeing,
the dumb talking. The idiots are learn-
ing to read and write. You never saw
a healthier, happier, more intelligent, lot
of young people.”

  “That’s fine. Hurry and get the boy
ready. I want to go right back to Que-
bec and take the next boat for France.”
“Your boy? Oh! I forgot. You
see, we did not know where you were;
so, there was nothing to do; no way'to
let you know.”

  “Didn’t the serum help him ?”

  “He never received it. We had ar-
ranged to give it on the thirtieth day,
according to your orders. . The night
before he went into coma, and in a few

minutes he was gone. I saw him as

soon as I could, but it was too late.”
“Do you mean he is dead?” asked the
puzzled scientist.

  “Yes. I am terribly sorry.”

  “And you did not give him the
serum ?”

  “No. You see he was dead before I
could get to him.”

  “I wish you had given it to him any-
way.”

  “But I didn’t know— You surely do
not mean that the drug brings the dead
back to life?— Not that, Mr. Biddle?
Surely not that?”

  “I don’t know. Perhaps it would
have done no good.”

  “I am sorry.”

  “That is all right. But I wish you
had given it to him anyway, even if he
was dead, even though it would not have
helped him. Perhaps in some way he
would have known about it; known that
I had not forgotten him; known that I
wanted him to have his chance, like the
rest of the children. Perhaps his
Mother can explain it to him.”

  “Will you stay awhile with us? See
the children?”

  “No.” replied Mr. Biddle. “I’ll be
going, back to my place in Canada. You
see, I have a lot of things to think
about now.”

CHAPTER XVI

Life Is Different

THE Biddle Serum Bill, passed by
Congress in record time, provided
that every man, woman and child
in the United States should receive, free
of charge, one dose of the serum.
Where possible to do so, preference
should be given to the sick and aged
and the little children. After that
everyone should be cared for.

  It was anticipated that there would
be resistance from the antivivisectionists
28

AMAZING STORIES

and certain religious organizations. This
opposition was provided for in the bill.
No one had to take the serum but no one
could refuse and continue residence in
the United States. It was believed that
the greatest benefit could not be derived
from the drug if a residue of the pop-
ulation remained capable of contracting
disease, becoming insane, or remaining
social menaces.

  There was, therefore, an exodus of
conscientious objectors from the States.
Most of these were good citizens but
poor logicians. In addition, a large
number of the underworld made every
effort to escape the effect of the purify-
ing drug. They fared rather well, once
across the Mexican Border, but those
who tried the Canadian route fared
badly. Once caught and identified they
were injected with the Biddle Serum and
sent back to the States, better men, in
spite of themselves. For Canada, in
close spiritual sympathy with the United
States, had not neglected to avail her-
self of this new medical gift.

THE actual giving of the serum was
done by the members of the medical
profession. As rapidly as they were sup-
plied with the serum the one hundred
and eighty thousand physicians and sur-
geons in the country started their cam-
paign. Once it was made universally
available, the demand for the drug in-
creased dai]y. Long lines of rich and
poor stood in front of the office of every
physician. Not only the sick, but also the
well, not only the miserable, but those
fairly happy, who wished to stay happy.
Children brought their aged parents,
parents brought their little children. No
longer the question, IVOULD IT
WORK? was asked, but the questions,
HOW SOONr and FOR HOW
LONG?

  To the tens and hundreds of thou-
sands of hopeless cases in hospitals,

asylums and prisons the future that
opened was such a startling change
that there was, of necessity, a rather
difficult period of readjustment. Those
who had been insane for years recovered
perfect health and sanity- only to find
their families dead, scattered or lost.
Men discharged from prison after years
of servitude found their wives remar-
ried and their children almost strangers
to them. But these were minor inci-
dents; fortunately, the rejuvenates re-
entered a friendly, kindly world, where
the question was, HOW CAN I HELP
YOU? rather than, HOW MUCH CAN
YOU PAY FOR MY SERVICES?

  For the people of the United States
were growing richer and happier every
day. They were free from the need of
supporting the sick, the indigent, the
crippled, the abnormal, the epileptic, the
insane, the criminal and the psychopath.
There was neither drunkenness nor drug
addiction. The Courts closed for lack
of work, the police force of every dty
was decimated. Clear-eyed, steady-
handed, free from sickness, the laborer
was able to perform more work and
was willing to.

  There had always been enough wealth
in the United States. Now, with the
political leaders taking every opportu-
nity to secure an equal distribution of
the necessities of life to every one,
poverty ceased to exist. It cost less to
live. There was a gradual decrease in
food consumption. Hunger became un-
known. Work became joyous, amuse-
ments pleasurable and sleep a pleasant
pastime.

  While large masses of industries
ceased to exist, those who were thrown
out of work had no difficulty in finding
other fields of activity.

  The working day shortened. The
dollar was more easily earned and was
constantly increased in buying value.
Everyone had something to do, every-
LIFE EVERLASTING

29

one received a living wage for doing it
and all had lots of time for recreation.

  Before the end of eighteen months
the President was able to announce that
over ninety-nine percent of the populace
had been injected. Then began a con-
certed drive to force the remaining one
percent to fall into line and to receive
their serum. The work now was con-
siderably slower, but, at the end of the
second year, it was thought that every-
one in the United States had been pro-
tected against disease.

THE Biddle Serum Bill provided for
a Committee of Scientists who were
to make constant observations on the
efficacy of the new drug and from time
to time were to report to the President
of the United States and his Cabinet
concerning the changes resulting in the
social, economic, and hygienic life of the
people. It was provided in the bill
that the first report be made one year
after the serum had been given to every-
one. Thus, the first report was made
three years following the giving of the
first serum after the passage of the
bill.

  Biddle was supposed to be a member
of that committee, but Biddle had dis-
appeared. No one had the remotest idea
of where he was. Certain questions
would have been asked him had it been
possible to do so. The thinkers of the
nation were beginning to wonder. Other
factors were forcing their way into the
mental life of the nation, results of the
serum, that no one had foreseen clearly
during the months when the nation had
become free from disease. These prob-
lems had to be faced.

  In the first place, the death rate had
dropped to a vanishing point. Except
in cases of destructive accident people
had ceased to die. The senile had re-
juvenated to a healthy middle age, the
young appeared to grow no older and

the infants and adolescents simply con-
tinued to make the normal growth for
their age. But no one died.

  That fact, in itself, was not a cause
for instant alarm. It was considered
that finally the effect of the serum would
wear out and that death again would
appear as a friendly enemy of the
human race. Perhaps old age could be
deferred by repeated doses of the serum,
but eventually the human organism
would wear out and man would die,
maybe of no special disease, but simply
from a weariness of life.

  But the thing that was startling and
a little difficult to explain was the fact
that the birth rate was as rapidly
diminishing as was the death rate. For
a while after the giving of the serum
babies had been born, but as the months
passed there were fewer of them and
from the thirty-third to the thirty-sixth
month of the experiment there was not
a single birth reported in the entire
United States. There were still lots of
little children, growing up, beautiful
little bronzed darlings, learning to walk
and talk and do things, but there were
no additional babies.

  What did it mean? Was the cessation
of death to be compensated for by the
cessation of new life? Had Biddle
known this?

  The third factor that was causing in-
terest was the increasing efforts of the
human race to entertain itself. The
long hours of leisure had to be filled in
some way. Healthy, vigorous, active
men refused to become idlers simply
because they were not driven to effort
by the spur of necessity. The dominance
of production by machine power was
beginning to pall. Mankind began to
use their hands.

SOCIAL life became fuller and physi-
cally richer. With the increase of
health and wealth and leisure there came
30

AMAZING STORIES

greater opportunities for marriage. It
was no longer necessary to wait till
a man was thirty or more for him to
marry. Fewer women worked and more
devoted themselves to, the cultivation of
happiness. A life free of illness and
child-care made marriage an entirely
different factor in the life of the human
race than it had been in the pre-serum
years. One philosopher said that all
of its jobs had been amplified and
elaborated and all of its sorrows and
burdens minimized to the point of dis-
appearance. It seemed that the human
race was experiencing the co-relation
and contacts of angels rather than the
mere union of animals.

  All these facts should have gone
far to prolong the individual marriage
and cause divorce to disappear as a
social process. To the astonishment of
the students of human behavior, this
result did not follow. The percentage
of divorce increased in direct propor-
tion to the decrease in the death rate
and the cessation of childbirth. Every-
body was burden-free, everybody was
married, but nearly everyone divorced
his or her mate and tried again to make
a more favorable and happier union.
It really did not make much difference
to a woman who her husband was, so
long as she had one. All men were
much alike, all healthy, industrious,
vigorous and happily kind. All women
were beautiful, intelligent and true to
their husbands of the month. Every-
body acted in a gentlemanly and lady-
like manner, but the opposite sexes
just did not seem to be able to live to-
gether for any length of time.

  And the reason was not hard to find.
The family had disappeared.

  Husband and wife remained as ever,
but children had disappeared from the
picture.

  In married life there was no cement-
ing force.

CHAPTER XVII
Hiram Smith Takes a Trip

THE Purple Flash, more than any
other newspaper, had profited by
the changing social conditions.
From the first, under the insistent urging
of its secret owner, Hiram Smith, the
one time -Wolf of Wall Street, it had
been the leading proponent of the neces-
sity of the world’s rapidly adjusting it-
self to the new order of life.

  As a tabloid, it had ceased to exist.
The pabulum on which the tabloid pub-
lications fed, which made possible the
interest, fleeting and infantile, of the
adenoid moron, was now a thing of the
past. Gone were the days of murder,
scandal and disclosures of gross im-
morality. These conditions ceased to
exist with all other diseases. Of all pub-
lishers Smith was the first to see the
handwriting on the wall and the need
for a radical change. His daily was
now called The Rosey Daunt, a name
strikingly symbolic and suggestive of the
new era. It had become a paper for
the intelligentsia, the editorials of which
appealed only to the best interests of
the race.

  Smith saw, with ever increasing in-
terest and a growing concern, the
changes in the emotional life of the
country. Most people simply felt the
increasing comfort and happiness and
cared little for the profound biological
chances back of those changes. Smith
was interested. He was not sure that
all was well with the new cultural pat-
tern of life. .

  He wanted to talk things over with
Biddle. But Biddle was gone. Smith
thought about it for one day, talked
it over with his wife for another day,
and then issued his order. It was a
short command of three syllables,
find biddle!!

  As that order had back of it over a
LIFE EVERLASTING

31

hundred million dollars there could be
no doubt that Hiram Smith was in
earnest.

  Six months and five million were
spent in the search and there was noth-
ing to show for it except failure. It
was Sally Fanning, who, with her
womanly intuition, supplied the neces-
sary clue. She reminded Smith that
at one time Biddle had used the name
of Harry Ackerman. Was it possible
that he had reverted to the use of that
name? So, Smith issued another order,
FIND HARRY ACKERMAN1.!

  And that order brought results.

  Hiram took the night plane to Quebec,
and the first boat out of there for
Chicoutimi. He had to go down the
St. Lawrence River and up the Sague-
nay River. On the little steamer
chugged between high, precipitous cliffs
of Laurentian granite, till at last, a
thousand feet above them, to the left,
they saw a Madonna, holding in her
arms the Christ Child. Made out of
wood, painted white and eighty feet
high, it seemed little larger than a child
from the river below.

  “Go on to the next landing on the
left,” Smith told the Captain, “and let
me off there.”

  “I do not think there is anyone liv-
ing there now,” protested the Captain.
“Better go on to Chicoutimi.”

  “No. I know what I am doing.”

  So, he got off at the next landing. For
the next hour the rich man toiled up
the mountain path, arriving finally at
the top. There he found a little stone
house, with a little stone fence around
it, and smoke pouring out of the chim-
ney.

  Smith knew that he had come to the
end of the trail.

  He knocked at the door, and, hearing
no reply, opened it.

  At a table, looking through a micro-
scope, was Biddle.

“LJELLO, Biddle!” called Smith.

 n “Well! Well!!” replied the as-
tonished scientist. “How did you find
me?”

 “Cost me a lot of time and a lot
of money, but it was time and money
well spent. What are you doing here?
Your place is back in the world, receiv-
ing the well-earned applause of the
nation.”

 “I am not so sure about that. But
won’t you stay? Have you your bag-
gage? I have not heard from the world
for so long that I am interested, and
then, besides that, I want the news from
my friends. How are they? Mrs.
Smith and the boy? and Harry Wild and
Sally, and everybody?”

 “You would be surprised. And you
would not be asking that question if
you were back in the world. No one
ever says, ‘How Are You Feeling?’ be-
cause the answer is too obvious. The
nation is gloriously healthy, and wealthy
and perhaps, wise, though I am not so
sure about that. The Missus is fine; we
are still living together, and the boy is
almost a man, the finest lad you ever
saw. Harry Wild and Sally are mar-
ried, and they are still living together.
I guess we hold the record for lengthy
marriages. But I wanted to see you.
I just had to see you.”

 “I am glad you are here. How is

The Purple Flash?”

  “Has the largest circulation of any
paper in the world, a real money maker.
I changed the name to The Rosey Dawn
and, believe me, it is a real mental
hygiene, cultural sheet. You would not
know it if you saw it.”

  “And you are still the Wolf of Wall
Street?”

 “In memory only. Wall Street has
disappeared. When Congress passed the
Stabilization bill, trading in stocks and
bonds became a thing of the past. It
32

AMAZING

STORIES

was just like trading pennies, nothing
to it; it was not even good sport.”

“So the financial world has changed?”
“Everything has changed. You would
not know it for the same place. Come
on back with me on the next steamer.
You surely must be interested?”

  “Yes, and, No. I realize that I should
be, but I am working on a new problem.
You see, I have a lot of little animal
friends in the next room. I guess I was
always happier with unsolved problems
than with solved ones. If the world
is purged from disease, I feel that I
should be satisfied to leave it be that
way. So, I just came away and left it.
I would have had too many interrup-
tions if I had remained.”

  “Of course you had your own reasons
for isolating yourself?”

  “Certainly! Most hermits do. But
tell me about things. What are they
doing in little old New York?”

  “You mean the men or the women?”
  “Everybody.”

“TTTELL, they are all healthy and
W happy. Work about three hours
a day, four days a week and the rest
of the time amuse themselves in all
kinds of new ways. That question of
amusement would interest you. All the
old-fashioned cottage industries are
being revived, like weaving and metal-
working. Most women are doing their
own sewing and housekeeping. Not
much cooking; you see, people do not
eat the way they did, just drink lots of
water.

  “Everybody is married. All are just
as happy as they can be till they decide
to get a divorce and try somebody else.
It is all a perfectly lovely arrangement,
'and, so far, there seems to be no jeal-
ousy. I have talked to lots of the
divorcees and they simply say they just
want to live with somebody else; so,

they do it for two or three months and
then try it all over again.”

  “Seeking happiness ?”

  “No. Everybody is happy all the time.
Just want a change.”

  “How is the death rate?”

  “There isn't any. Nobody dies unless
there is some kind of a terrible acci-
dent. You see, there is no disease. Tell
me one thing, Biddle. How long are
we going to live?”

  “I do not know.”

  “Do you think it is going to be Life
Everlasting?'’

  “I really do not know ”

  “I hope not. You see, there is not
much excitement in life nowadays. For
some reason, the thrill has gone out of
it. It has too much precision and not
enough poker. Everybody lias enough
to eat, enough to w'ear, enough to
amuse himself with, enough money to
pay his simple expenses. There is noth-
ing to worry about. In fact, some of
my friends say that the young people
who were just growing up when they
received the serum cannot understand
what we older ones mean when we say
that we used to worry over the problems
of life. They cannot understand what
a life filled with sickness and debt and
struggle, birth and death means. Even
with the adults the memory is fast
fading.”

  “I guess that is natural,” said the
inventor.

  “Perhaps.”

  “What are the men doing with their
spare time?”

  “Oh! Various fads had their day.
Jigsaw puzzles, crossword puzzles, cross-
country walking, and all that sort
of thing. Lately a good many of the
men are whittling?”

 “What?”

  “Just making things out of a piece of
wood with a penknife. Did you ever
LIFE EVERLASTING

33

see a man do that? Take a nice soft
piece of white pine without any knots in
it and just make a lot of nice long shav-
ings? If you want to, you can do it
mechanically, without thinking. The men
were making all kinds of little things,
model rowboats, and napkin rings, and
little wooden birds and that sort of
thing. Keeps the women busy at that.”

  "In what way?”

“V7'OU see, wt>men always have been
sort of clean creatures, but since
they are free from disease and family
duties and various cares, they have a
lot of time on their hands. It seems
that the healthier they become the
cleaner they want their homes and sur-
roundings to be. So, every woman
spends a few hours a day out on the
streets of New York, making the town
tidy. It would be really comical if
it were not so serious. I bet that for
every whittler on the sidewalks of New
York there is a woman, and sometimes
two, waiting with a dust-pan and brush,
to sweep up the shavings when the man
gets through. Often they even hold a
little bag so the shavings can drop right
into the bag instead of on the street.
Makes the man nervous and he goes
somewhere else, but, wherever he goes,
a woman is after him, tidying up. I
hear there is an exclusive dub in the
Nineties just for whittlers, and they
brag that never a woman will enter to
disturb them or their shavings.”

 “Well, so long as everybody is
happy!”

 “Sure! What difference does it
make! *Let the chips fall where they
may,’ I said in an editorial. What dif-
ference does it make, so long as they
are clean chips! But the women are cer-
tainly keeping after us men. I don’t recall
when they have ever kept us cleaner.”

  “How do the men feel about it?”

  “Oh! Just about the way they always
have. You see, the sexes are rather
nice to each other; not like the old days
when there was so much bickering. I
suppose there is really very little to
quarrel about, the way things are.”
“Unpack your things,” suggested Bid-
dle, "and then we will take a walk. We
will go down as far as the Madonna.
You will be interested in that as a work
of art.”

  Two hours later they stood in the cold
chill of the afternoon in the shadow of
the giant Mother. Smith looked at the
scientist.

  “By the way,” he suddenly asked:
“How is your boy?”

  “I think that he is fine.”

  “Did he get better? You know what
I mean? You said you were working
on the serum for his sake.”

  “Yes. I remember I said that.”

  “And he is well and happy?”

  “Yes. I think so. I haven’t seen him
for some time. You see, he is with
his Mother.”

  Smith bent over, picked up a rock and
threw it over the cliff into the river, a
thousand feet below. He looked at the
inventor.

  “You are white, man!” he exclaimed.
“That’s odd! You must have been stay-
ing in the house too much. But all the
rest of us are brown, a golden brown, a
healthy beautiful hazel brown. The
Doctors said it was the effect of the
serum. You are not that way; you are
white.”

  Biddle smiled, as he replied,

  ‘You see, I never took the serum my-
self. With the wife and the boy away
from me, somehow, I thought I would
be happier if I went without it.”

  “But someday you will get sick, as we
used to; and die!”

  “That is why I never took it. It is
cold. We should go back.”
34

AMAZING STORIES

CHAPTER XVIII

The Robot Babies

ARY GREGORY had nothing
to do.

 Her School for Unusual
Children was closed. There were no more
unusual children.

  In fact, there were few children of
any kind and no babies.

  Her restless mind, her ability as a
philanthropist and her millions were all
idle for lack of opportunity. She felt
there should be something for her to do,
someway in which she could benefit her
nation. Deliberately seeking an oppor-
tunity for welfare, she went to New
York City. There she called on Hiram
Smith. Since her Father’s death he had
cared for the Gregory estate, and had
made a good job of it. He had just
come back from his trip to Canada, and
had come back doing a lot of hard and
difficult thinking.

  “I am glad to see you, Mary,” he
said. “I have a lot to do with the in-
vesting of your money, but it is not
often you spend the time to come and
see me. You look well!”

  “I am well. I guess we are all well,
since we took the serum. I came to New
York a week ago to see you, found you
were out of town and decided to visit
some of my old friends till your return.”
“How are they all? Happy, I sup-
pose ?”

  “Certainly! Everybody is happy; but
I will say this. So many of them have
developed the most peculiar way of
spending their time. Of course, that
seems to be the hardest thing to do, now-
adays, finding things to fill in the leisure.”

  “What are they doing, Mary?”
“Playing with toys, playhouses, little
sets of china, and taking care of pets. I
never saw so many different kinds of

animals and birds in my life, outside of
a zoo. One of the girls even had a de-
natured skunk.

  “And dolls! China, and rag, and
bisque, black, white and yellow, big and
little, pretty and ugly, fat dolls, dolls with
spider legs, dolls with hair and without
hair. Even- yvoman is collecting dolls.

  “Spending her time making dollie
clothes, and giving tea parties for them.
And that is not all. Some of them pre-
tend that they are just little girls instead
of big women. Found one of my friends
playing on a toy piano. Waits till her
husband goes to work and then starts
with one or two fingers playing,

‘Pony! Pony! Stepping high,

I will ride you bye and bye.’

  “And that woman can play by the
hour from Mozart and Beethoven. It
does not seem to affect the men the same
way. One of my old college chums, how-
ever, took me down into the cellar of
their home. They live in a house that
actually has a cellar. She said that her
husband developed the habit of spending
a good deal of time down there, and at
last she became so curious that she just
had to go down and see what he was
doing. The man had been whittling dolls,
out of wood, he put black shoe buttons
in for eyes, and made the mouth red with
red ink, or it might have been his blood,
she thought. He had bought pieces of
silk downtown and had tried to make
dresses for the dolls and had made little
beds for them to sleep in. She said that
in the old days she just knows she would
have cried, but, of course, nobody cries
now, because all are too happy. She never
told him she knew what he was doing,
only after that, when he went to work
she went down in the cellar and played
with his whittled dolls. She said that in
some way it made her feel that she was
closer to him. They were thinking of a
divorce, but, now, though they do not
LIFE EVERLASTING

35

talk about the dolls in the cellar, they
feel that they had better live on together
for a few more months.”

“QO, that is the way they are spending

  ^ their time?”

 “That is the way. I thought and
thought about it and finally I decided
what to do. All this fuss over dolls and
pets and childish pleasures is just a sub-
stitution. They are not honest with them-
selves, for what they really want is some-
thing alive, real babies.”

  "It seems that they cannot have them,”
answered Smith.

  “It seems that way, but, perhaps, they
will have them some-time, and if they
wait too long, they won’t know how to
care for them. If this condition of child-
less society keeps up, there will be mil-
lions of women who have never held a
little baby in their arras and would not
know what to do if they found one there.
You see, a lot of the knowledge of infant
care is transmitted by word of mouth and
actual practice from the older generation
of women to the younger. If we wait
fifty years before a new lot of babies are
born, they will suffer from lack of actual
knowledge on the part of their mothers
to care for them. Even the nurses won’t
know how. There won’t be any nurses
anyway and not many doctors.

  “So, I have an idea. I want you to take
some of my millions and start a school
for Mothers. Get the best physicians and
nurses you can hire to prepare lectures.
Buy a broadcasting station that will reach
every part of the country. Give regular
lectures on the care of the child at differ-
ent ages, from birth to the age of six-
I am sure that every woman will be glad
to listen to the broadcasting of these talks,
aiid will practice the various lessons on
her baby.”

  "But the woman will not have a baby,
Mary Gregory! That is what the whole
trouble is. There aren’t any babies."

  “I want j’ou to have some made!”
Hiram Smith threw up his hands in
despair.

 “How? Where? When? What do you
mean ?”

  “Silly! I mean robot babies. Start
your inventors to work. Fabricate babies
out of rubber. Put machinery inside of
them so they will cry and move their
arms and legs. I just have the general
idea, but any clever inventor will sup-
ply the details. Make babies that can
be washed and fed and dressed and put
to sleep. Make different sized babies, so
they can be exchanged when the time
comes for them to grow older. Put ton-
sils in them to be taken out, and adenoids
to make them snuffle and intestines to
give them colic. Start in and make twenty
million of them as fast as you can. Sell
them to the women who can pay and give
them away to the women who cannot pay
and send the bill to my estate. Do you
see my idea? Get the fathers interested
in it. Have lectures for them. Have such
talks as this, ‘What to do when your wife
is sick and the three-year-old daughter
complains of the earache.’ I wish Biddle
was available. There is a man who would
understand what I mean.”

  “Biddle is up in Canada. I have just
been visiting him.”

  “You have? Did you talk about the
disappeared birth rate?”

  “I did.5’

  “What did he say?”

  “Not much. Something about having
to pay a price for everything in life. That
nothing was ever given away. I suppose
he thought that the absence of death was
paid for by the absence of birth, or some-
thing like that He did not want to talk
about children. Do you know about his
having a boy? Told me the boy was do-
ing well and was with his Mother.”
“He said that?”

  “Something like that. Do you under-
stand it ?”
36

AMAZING STORIES

  “I do. That was just his way of saying
they were both dead.”

IRAM SMITH started the millions
of Mary Gregory to work. He
gave the new idea considerable space in
The Rosey Dawn. The novelty spread
like wildfire. Women discarded their pets
and their fantastic dolls and put in their
application for a robot baby. Factories
were opened, thousands of men put to
work. That was an odd thing. Every
invention making the robot babies possi-
ble, every minute of work done on them
in the factories was masculine. Men al-
most fought for the right to work in
those factories. Women were turned
away in disdain. This work, said the
men of the nation, was a purely mascu-
line one.

  Meantime, the series of lectures was
being prepared. Only the greatest ex-
perts were employed. Experiences were
exchanged, old books were read, elderly
women were consulted, and at last two
hundred lectures were written, covering
every possible situation up to the age of
six years. Then men and women were
carefully tested for their ability to broad-
cast those lectures. At the end of a year
everything was ready for the start of a
six hour daily programme. By that time
six million women had infant robots and
more were being fabricated at the rate of
a hundred thousand a week.

  And from the station the lectures went
to the waiting women in America. The
seven o’clock bedtime lecture was in-
stantly popular.

  Women once again learned how to care
for babies. But, cleverly built as they
were, they were, at their best, simply
well designed machines. They could be
cared for, but they could not respond to
that care; they could be loved, but they
could not love. More than ever the
women of America realized that their
lives were empty and would remain empty

till once again they were able to hold
little children, real little children, pitiful,
lovable, needful, helpless babies, in their
arms.

  Mary Gregory, she who had never
known what it was to be a mother, recog-
nized the need more and more clearly.
She told Smith so.

  “You have to find out whether Biddle
can and will do something to help us,”
she demanded. “He knows more about
the serum than any other living man. He
ought to know what it can do and what
it cannot do. If he will only tell us that
in twenty-five, fifty years from now the
American women can have children, we
will be satisfied. It seems that we are
all going to live a long time and we can
wait if there is hope during the waiting
and babies at the other end of the long
years. You have to see him and tell him
how we feel. See if he cannot help us
in some way. More women in America
now know how to take intelligent care of
babies than ever before in the history of
the world. What good is that knowledge
if there are no babies? What good is
living without babies! See him. If you
cannot convince him of the need let me
take a number of representative women
up to Canada and state our case to him.”
“I’ll go,” agreed Smith. “But I am
afraid that he will not see this the wav
you see it.”

  “He will have to see it our way,” ex-
claimed Mary Gregory.

CHAPTER XIX

The Women Decide

ARY GREGORY led a company
of women into Canada.

  At the last moment Hiram
Smith refused to undertake the negotia-
tions with Biddle, the inventor. He felt,
somehow, that it was none of his busi-
ness. He was not sure that he wanted
to tell where the scientist had his house
LIFE EVERLASTING

37

of refuge from the world. But, after
talking it over with his wife, he deter-
mined that he would throw the dice and
let Fate decide what was in store for the
future of the human race. So, he told
Mary Gregory where Biddle lived and
how to get there.

  Biddle was accustomed to have the un-
expected happen in his life, but he was
genuinely surprised when twenty-one
women suddenly came up to his stone
home and knocked at the door. He did
his best to be polite and tried to find
seats for all of his visitors. He made tea
for them and served it with some little
cakes, but they had to take turns drink-
ing the tea, because no lonely hermit ever
had twenty-one tea cups unless he had a
mania for collecting them, and not many
isolates even had twenty-one little cakes
at one time.

  But at last everyone had a little tea
and then the women asked Biddle to sit
down and listen to the reason for their
visit. Mary Gregory acted as the spokes-
man for the delegation.

  “We represent the Federated Women’s
Clubs of North America,” the rich
woman explained. “These women stand
for the best of womanhood in every walk
of life. We feel that we know what the
American woman thinks, how she feels,
what she wants. Our requests to you
come from fifty million mature women;
any action we take will be satisfactory to
all of our sisterhood. Now, that you
know who we are, may we ask you some
questions?”

  “You may ask them. I am not sure I
can answer them.”

  “We understand that,” said Miss
Gregory. “We know that some questions
may be hard, even impossible for you to
answer, but, at least, we know that you
will tell the truth First. How long will
the serum last? Will it have to be re-
newed? Wfll future doses be as power-

ful? Will the individual reach maturity
and remain there indefinitely?”

  “I am not sure. My opinion is that
the first dose of serum will last a very
long time. All that it did was to liberate
power, which power is evidently capable
of splitting the hydrogen atom to make
more power. Consequently, it may act
somewhat like perpetual motion.

  “If it acts the way I think, no one will
ever have to take the second dose. But
if he should take a second dose, he prob-
ably will receive the same effect as from
the first dose. Of course, I may be wrong.
It seems that when a person once has the
serum, he will live for a long time, a full
grown, healthy vigorous adult. He would
die by drowning, or by being cut in two
by an accident, but, unless something ter-
rible happened to him, he would live a
very long time.”

  “Why have the women of America be-
come childless?”

  “I am not sure. All I know is that all
the animals I experimented on became
sterile. Perhaps it is a provision of na-
ture to increase the power of the serum.
Perhaps there is somediing in the serum
that acts. But I knew it to be true in
the animals I experimented with, like
mice. I hoped that it would not be true
in the human race; that was one of the
things we had to gamble on.”

  “Do you believe that some time,
twenty-five years from now, or fifty
years, the conditions will change and
children will once again be born into the
world?”

  “Probably not I haw twelve mice who
have had the serum for nearly five years.
That is a long time for a mouse to live.
They have never had any little ones.”
"What is your thought in regard to
the problem ?”

“TT looks as though it was a kind of ar-
rangement, the only way things conld
happen. Suppose, with the help of the
38

AMAZING STORIES

serum, the average man and woman lives
to be a thousand years old. Suppose that
every three years each woman gave birth
to a child. Gloriously healthy herself,
fully realizing what the serum did for her,
she would insist that her children receive
the serum as soon after birth as possible.
In no time at all the world, large as it is,
would be overcrowded with humanity?
Now we have a population that can be
cared for. It will never grow any larger,
and only very slowly will it grow
smaller.”

  “Do you realize what it means to the
women of America to face those child-
less years, those barren centuries of
existence ?”

  “Perhaps. As much so as a lone man
can realize a woman’s feelings. But you
women have everything else; health, hap-
piness, ease, the love of your husbands,
every possible comfort. You have a life
that is incomparably easier than the old
life ever could be. It looks as though you
should be happy.”

  “Is there anything you can do for us
that will enable us to have families ?”

  "Perhaps. There again I am not sure.
But the principle of opposites is a very
strong one in nature. We have light and
darkness, strength and weakness, men
and women, heat and cold. We used to
have laughter and tears* happiness and
sorrow, health and sickness, sweet and
sour, pure living and 6in. And we have
serums and antiserums. After I discov-
ered the Biddle Serum, I started to dis-
cover the antidote, or antiserum. I did
not want to use it, but I wanted to see
if there was such a thing.”

  “Did you find it?'’

  “I think so. At least, this is what I did.
I found a mouse with cancer, and gave
her the serum. The cancer disappeared
and the mouse lived on, far past the
usual length of life for a mouse. I be-
came rather fond of her, and I guess
she liked me a little. But she never had

any babies. Two months ago I gave her
an injection of the antiserum. She pro-
duced a little family, raised them to inde-
pendence, started to grow the cancer and
died. In that case the antiserum did all
that could be expected of it.”

  “Could you give the antiserum to the
nation, as you gave the serum?”

  “Yes, if it became the right thing to
do.” .

  “And it is your opinion that if a
woman received the antiserum, she would
have children ?”

  “Yes. Of course, it would be neces-
sary for her husband to have the anti-
serum also. Perhaps not. I am not sure,
but I think so.”

  “Would you excuse us if we talked
this tiling over privately?”

ERTAINLY, I will walk over to
the Madonna. You can find me
there. It is only a few dty blocks from
here.”

  One hour later tbe women walked over
to where Biddle was standing in the
shadow of the Madonna.

  “We have decided,” announced Mary
Gregory. “The women of America ask
you for the formula of the antiserum?”
“For general distribution?”

  “No. But we feel that every man and
wife who really want to have a family
should be allowed to make the decision.
Those who wish to remain childless can
do so.”

  “Are you sure you know what you are
asking for ?”

  “We are.”

  “It cannot be,” declared Biddle.
“Never, in the history of the human race,
have w’omen been as free as they are
now. They can come and go, free from
the chains of a home and family. Their
love life is liberated from anxiety. There
is no longer sickness to fear, the death
of loved ones to dread. You are happy,
healthy and able to compete m every way
LIFE EVERLASTING

39

on equal terms with the male. Every-
thing woman has striven for in the past
you now have. Do you mean to say that
you are going to give it up? Deliber-
ately sacrifice all you have gained ?”

  "We want our babies!” cried the
women.

  "But in having them you lose your
immortality. Having them you no longer
are eternal. You will become sick, dis-
eased, crippled. Some of you will die in
childbirth. Some of your children will
die; others will live to become defectives,
epileptics, cripples. Some of the ones
who live to maturity -will cause you
shame; diey will become insane, crim-
inals. You will see children die in your
arms. In years to come you will wish
they had died while they were sweet
babies. Sickness will come, suffering, sor-
row. Your health will break, your hus-
bands will leave you for fresher women.
You will die with one hand on your
breaking heart and the other on the bro-
ken cross. That is what you are asking
for. Do you mean to tell me that you,
knowing what the old biological urge for
offspring meant to womankind, want to
change your glorious existence of to-day
for that?”

  “We must have our babies!” cried the
women.

“'V7’OU must remember what life was.

     Sickness, invalidism, the breaking
back that never lost its ache, etc., etc.
Mary Gregory stepped forward.

  “Give us the formula, Sidney Biddle.
We have decided. Nothing you can say
will make us change our minds. You
have not told us a thing we do not know.
We know that we speak for our sister-
hood. Give us the formula, Sidney Bid-
dle. Give us back our babies.”
Trembling, the scientist took out a note-
book and wrote slowly on a blank page.
At last he tore the page out and handed
it to the rich woman.

  “Here is what you are asking for. Any
chemist can make it; any physician give
it. Now, may I ask you to leave me here?
I want to be alone once more.”

  They all left except Mary Gregory.
“Why do you stay here in the shadow ?”
she asked.

  “Because that Woman knows how I
feel. She knows what it means to have
a son die and not be able to save him
Like her Son died and mine.”

  “Why did you not take the serum
Sidney Biddle?”

  “Because I did not want to live for-
ever,” he replied.

CHAPTER XX

Old Lives for New

BIDDLE lived alone for two more
years and then determined to go
back to civilization. The first per-
son he called on was Hiram Smith, the
secret owner of The Rosey Dawn. The
rich man was delighted to meet his friend
again.

  "You look a little older, a few more
white hairs, but still very fit. I guess that
arctic air agrees with you, Biddle.”

  “I guess so; clean living and hard work
are fine medicines. How are you? Not
quite as brown as when I saw you last.
Anything happen?”

  "Slightly. That boy of ours decided to
fall in love. Mighty nice girl, and we
were all in favor of their marriage. The
first thing we knew, after the wedding,
they went and took a dose of your anti-
serum, so they could have a child. That
just spoiled it all for the wife and me-
We had been making plans to live at
least for a thousand years but that would
mean that we would see our children and
our grandchildren grow old and die while
we were still m the vigorous golden ma-
turity of the Biddle Serum. So, what did
we do but go and get some of the anti-
serum ourselves! Now, when the grand-
40

AMAZING STORIES

children come to visit us, they will have
the old fashioned kind of grandparents,
just nice, old, white-haired people, who
can try to live their youth again in their
children’s children.”

   “So, you sacrificed everything, not for
the love of a child, but for the love of a
grandchild ?”

  “That's it. You would think it was
sacrifice if you had seen me with an at-
tack of rheumatism this last week."

   Biddle laughed, a friendly, sympathetic
tearful laugh.

   “Just an old fool, you were, Smith, just
an old fool. By the way. Where are my
old friends, Harry Wild ,and Sally
Fanning ?”

  “They are married. He is back at the
old news stand, and they have a little
apartment close to where they both lived
before you met them. Makes me worry
about the boy, seeing Harry nowadays."
“Give me the address.”

  “Sure; but I do not think I would go
and see them. You remember howr they
were the time you saw them on the lawn
in front of my home? Well, when you
remember them, just think of them the
way they were then.”

   “I shall have to see them the way they
are now,” replied Biddle. “I have to
find out something."

   He called at the little apartment late
that night. Harry Wild answered his
knock on the door.

  “It’s Ackerman! Sally, it’s Ackerman,
our old friend, and more than welcome.
Come right in, and sit down. Let me have
your hat, Sir. This is an honor to have
you come and see us.”

   “It is, indeed,” echoed Sally.

  “And how are all the mice?" asked
Biddle.

  “You should see them," replied Sally.
Dozens of them, into everything, but I
will say this, that the Baby is fond of
them. Keeps quiet for an hour at a time

when I am too busy to amuse her, just
watching them play around the floor.”
“So, there is a baby?”

  “Finest girl you ever saw,” said the
newsboy. “Looks just like her Mother.
Glad it was a girl, we should not have
known what to do with a boy.”

  “We are telling her that, so she won’t
think we were disappointed,” explained
Sally. “We are saying it now, before she
knows the meaning of words, so we shall
be sure to say it when she learns to talk.
We want her to be sure we loved her.”
They insisted that he come and see the
baby. They made him say that he had
never seen a finer baby; and they fed him
coffee and sandwiches, and made him
promise he would come often to see them.
When he left, Harry went down to the
front door with him.

AS they stood in the doorway, Biddle
looked at the little man curiously.
“You are lame, Harry,” he said. “Have
you hurt yourself?”

  “No. But my old trouble came back,
my bad leg is short again and my back is
slowly growing crooked.”

  “Well, well! That is too bad. But you
keep on smiling?”

  “Sure. I have everything to live for
now. Fine wife, sweet baby, good busi-
ness. Why shouldn’t I be happy.”

  “That is fine, Harry. Keep on smil-
ing."

  “I will, Mr. Biddle. Bye the way, do
you know of a good remedy for asthma?
Sally has had some real bad spells since
the baby came and I do wish someone
knew what to do for her.”

  “I am sorry. I'll send her some stra-
monium leaves. Burn them and inhale the
smoke. That will help her. Asthma is a
difficult thing to cure. Well, good night,
Harry, my boy. I am glad about the
baby.”

  “Good night, Mr. Biddle, and thanks
for looking us up. Send me your address.
LIFE EVERLASTING

41

Next week the old Purple Flash is going
to come back on the stands and I want
to send you some of the first copies. I
bet that the Wolf of Wall Street will
make it a real tabloid. It ought to go big.
The people are getting hungry for that
kind of a paper.”

  It was all too much for Biddle.

  He took the first train for Quebec and
the first boat for his mountain home. He
walked slowly up the mountain path. It
was a hard climb. He was not as young
as he had been. He found the house
open and a fire burning in the fireplace.
No one there.

  He put down his bag and walked across
the crest of the mountain to the Madonna.
Under the shadow a woman sat. As he
came near she walked over to meet him.

  “Mary Gregory!” he sighed, “What
are you doing here?”

  “I wanted to come,” she replied. “You
need a woman. If you had a woman in
the house with you, you might do some-
thing worth while, invent something that
wrould be of real help to mankind.”

  “But I am an old man, Mary,” he cried.
“An old man, growing older.

  “I have taken the antiserum,” she said.
“Now, I can grow old with you.”

The End.

        IN THE SEPTExMRER ISSUE

             Two new serials begin in this issue. The
           one is “Through the Andes,” by A. Hyatt
           Verrill, the eminent archaeologist, and the
           other is “The Moon Pirates,” by Neil R.
           Jones, a favorite author with our readers
           for many years.

            A complete story, “The Master Minds of
          Venus,” by William K. Sonneman, will be
          found most interesting.

            There will be a number of other good
          science fiction tales in this issue.
42

e.Measuring a Meridian

By JULES VERNE
Conclusion

The story of the measurement of a meridian of the earth is concluded in this
issue. Less of the science of the story appears here, as the earlier portions
have given a most interesting detail of the meaning of these measurements.
So now we see more of the wild life in Africa and finally the party separates

and breaks up.

      '■	Illustrated by MOREY

CHAPTER XXI
Let There Be Light

WE are no worse off,”
remarked the Colonel in
the course of the day to
his assembled compan-
ions, “than Arago, Biot
and Rodriguez were when they were
measuring the arc from Dunkirk to
Ivica; they were uniting the Spanish
coast and the island by a triangle of
which the sides were more than eighty
miles long. Rodriguez was installed on
an isloated peak, and kept up lighted
lamps at night, while the French as-
tronomers lived in tents a hundred
miles away in the desert of Las
Palmas. For sixty nights Arago and
Biot watched for the signal, and, dis-
couraged at last, were about to re-
nounce their labor, when, on the sixty-
first night, appeared a light, which it was
impossible to confound with a star.
Surely, gentlemen, if those French as-
tronomers could watch for sixty-one
nights in the interests of science, we
English and Russians must not give up
at the end of nine.”

  The Colonel’s companions most heart-
ily approved the sentiment; but they
could have said that Arago and Biot did
not endure the tortures of hunger dur-

ing their long vigil of some two months.

  In the course of the day Mokoum per-
ceived an unusual agitation in the Mak-
ololo camp. He thought at first that
they were about to raise the siege, but,
after some contemplation, he discovered
that their attentions were evidently hos-
tile, and that they would probably as-
sault the mountain in the course of the
night.

  Toward six o’clock, when the night
was coming on with its tropical celerity,
the engineer descended the mountian, and
proceeded to light the boiler fire of the
steamboat. It was still the Colonel’s in-
tention not to effect an escape until the
last extremity; moreover, he was firm in
his determination to abide until the night
was advanced, that he might give him-
self the last chance of observing the
signal from Mount Volquiria. The sail-
ors were placed at the foot of the ram-
part, with orders to defend the breaches
to the last. All arms were ready, and
the mitrailleuse, armed with the am-
munition that they had in store, spread
its formidable mouth across the em-
brasure.

  For several hours the Colonel and
Strux, posted in the narrow donjon, kept
a constant watch on the peak of Vol-
quiria. The horizon was dark, while the
finest of the southern constellations were
resplendent in the zenith. There was no
MEASURING A MERIDIAN

43

It was probable that the natives were about to make a last attack on the
fortress before retiring finally to Maketo.
44

AMAZING STORIES

wind, and not a sound broke the impos-
ing stillness of nature. The bushman,
however, posted on a projection of rock,
heard sounds which gradually became
more distinct. He was not mistaken;
the Makololos were at length commenc-
ing their assault on the mountain.

   Until ten o’clock the assailants did
not move; their fires were extinguished,
and camp and plain were alike wrapped
in obscurity. Suddenly Mokoum saw
shadows moving up the mountain, till
the besiegers seemed but a few hundred
feet from the plateau on which stood the
fort.

   “Now, then, quick and ready!” cried
Mokoum.

   The garrison immediately advanced to
the south side of the fort, and opened a
running fire on the assailants. The
Makololos answered by a war cry, and,
in spite of the firing, continued to ad-
vance. In the light caused by the flash
of the guns, the Europeans perceived
such swarms of natives that any resis-
tance seemed impossible. But still they
trusted that their well-directed balls were
doing considerable execution, and they
discerned that not a few of the natives
were rolling down the sides of the moun-
tain. Hitherto, however, nothing ar-
rested them. With savage cries they
continued to press on in compact order,
without even waiting to hurl a single
assegai. Colonel Everest put himself at
the head of his little troop, who seconded
him admirably, not excepting Palander,
who probably was handling a gun for al-
most the first time. Sir John, now on
one rock now on another, sometimes
kneeling, sometimes lying, did wonders,
and his gun, heated with the rapidity of
the repeated loading, began to burn his
hands. Mokoum, as ever, was patient,
bold, undaunted in his confidence.

   But the valor and precision of the be-
sieged could avail nothing against the
torrent of numbers. Where one native

fell, he was replaced by twenty more,
and, after a somewhat prolonged opposi-
tion, Colonel Everest felt that he must
be overpowered. Not only did the na-
tives swarm up the south slope of the
mountain, but they made an ascent also
by the side slopes. They did not hes-
itate to use the dead bodies of the fallen
as stepping stones, and then even lifted
them up, and sheltered themselves behind
them, as they mounted. The scene re-
vealed by the flash of the firearms was
appalling, and the Europeans saw enough
to make them fully aware that they could
expect no quarter, and that they were
being assaulted by barbarians as savage
as tigers.

  At half-past ten the foremost natives
had reached the plateau. The besieged,
who were still uninjured (the natives
not yet having employed their bows and
assegais), were thoroughly conscious
they were impotent to carry on a combat
hand to hand. The Colonel in a calm,
clear voice that could be heard above
the tumult, gave the order to retire.
With a last discharge the little band
withdrew behind the walls. Loud cries
greeted their retTeat, and the natives
immediately made a nearer approach in
their attempt to scale the central breach.

  A strange and unlooked for recep-
tion awaited them. Suddenly at first,
and subsequently repeated at intervals of
but a few minutes, there was a growling
reverberation as of rolling thunder. The
sinister sound was the report of the ex-
ploding mitrailleuse, which Sir John
had been prepared to employ, and now-
worked with all his energy. Its twenty-
five muzzles spread over a wide range,
and the balls, continually supplied by a
self-feeding arrangement, fell like hail
among the assailants. The natives, swept
down at each discharge, responded at
first with a howl and then with a harm-
less shower of arrows.

  “She plays well,” said the bushman,
MEASURING A MERIDIAN

45

approaching Sir John. “When you have
played your tune, let me play mine.”

  But there was no need for Sir John
to be relieved; the mitrailleuse was soon
silent. The Makololos were struck with
consternation, and had sought shelter
from the torrent of bullets, having re-
tired under the flanks of the fort, leav-
ing the plateau strewn with numbers of
their dead.

  In this instant of respite the Colonel
and Strux regained the donjon, and
there, collecting themselves in compos-
ure as complete as if they were under
the dome of an observatory, they , kept
a constant eye upon their telescope, and
scanned the peak of Volquiria. When,
after a short period of rest, the yells of
the Makalolos made them aware that
the combat was renewed, they only per-
severed in their determination, and re-
solved that they would alternately re-
main to guard their invaluable instru-
ment.

  The combat, in truth, had been re-
newed. The range of the mitrailleuse
was inadequate to reach all the natives,
who, uttering their cries of mortal ven-
geance, rallied again, and swarmed up
every opening. The besieged, protected
by their firearms, defended the breaches
foot by foot; they had only received a
few scratches from the points of the as-
segais, and were able to continue the
fight for half an hour with unabated
ardor.

  Toward half-past eleven, while the
Colonel was in the thick of the fray, in
the middle of an angry fusillade, Mat-
thew Strux appeared at his side. His
eye was wild and radiant; an arrow had
just pierced his hat and quivered above
his head.

  “The signal! the signal!” he cried.

  The colonel was incredulous, but as-
certaining the correctness of the welcome
announcement, discharged his rifle for
the last time, and with an exuberant

shout of rejoicing, rushed toward the
donjon, followed by the intrepid col-
league. There, kneeling down, he put
his eye to the telescope, and perceived
with the utmost delight the signal, so
long delayed and yet so patiently ex-
pected.

  It was truly a marvelous sight to see
these two astronomers work during the
tumult of the conflict. The natives had
by their numbers forced the enclosure,
antf Sir John and the bushman were
contending for every step. The Euro-
peans fought with their balls and hatch-
ets, while the Makololos responded with
their arrows and assegais.

  Meanwhile the Colonel and Strux in-
tently continued their observations, and
Palander, equally composed, noted down
their oft repeated readings. More than
once an arrow grazed their head, and
broke against the inner wall of the don-
jon. But their eye was ever fixed on the
signal, and reading the indications of the
vernier, they incessantly verified each
other’s calculations.

  “Only once more,” said Strux, slid-
ing the telescope along the graduated
scale. An instant later, and it would
have been too late for any observations,
but the direction of the light was cal-
culated to the minutest fraction of a
second; and at that very instant an enor-
mous stone, hurled by a native, sent the
register flying from Palander’s hands,
and smashed the repeating circle.

  They must now fly in order to save
the result which they obtained at the
cost of such continuous labor. The na-
tives had already penetrated the case-
mate, and might be at any moment ap-
pear in the donjon. The Colonel and
his colleagues caught up their guns, and
Palander his precious register, and all
escaped through one of the breaches.
Their several companions, some slightly
wounded, were ready to cover their re-
treat, but just as they were about to de-
46

AMAZING STORIES

scend the north side of the mountain,
Strux remembered that they had failed
to kindle the signal. In fact, for the
completion of the survey, it was neces-
sary that the two astronomers on Mount
Volquiria should in their turn observe
the summit of Mount Scorzef, and were
doubtless anxiously expecting the an-
swering light.

  The Colonel recognized the imperative
necessity for yet one more effort, and
whilst his companions, with almost su-
perhuman energy, repulsed the natives,
he re-entered the donjon. This donjon
was formed of an intricate frame work
of dry wood, which would readily ignite
by the application of a flame. The Col-
onel set it alight with the discharge from
the muzzle of his gun, and, rushing out,
rejoined his companions. In a few mo-
ments, rolling their mitrailleuse before
them, the Europeans under a shower of
arrows and various missies, were de-
scending the mountain, and, driving back
the natives with a deadly fire, reached
the steamboat. The engineer, according
to orders, had kept up the steam.

  The mooring was cast off, the screw
set in motion, and the Queen and Czar
advanced rapidly over the dark and quiet
waters. They were shortly far enough
out to see the summit of the mountain.
The donjon was blazing like a beacon,
and its light would be easily discerned
from the peak of Volquiria. A resound-
ing cheer of triumph from the English
and Russians greeted the bonfire they had
left behind.

  Emery and Zorn would have no cause
for complaint; they had exhibited the
twinkling of a star, and had been an-
swered by the glowing of a sun.

  There was no question that the con-
flagration they had started had given the
best possible indication of the position of
Mount Scorzef. The triangle was closed.
The work was completed at the last
moment.

CHAPTER XXII

Palander’s Last Escapade

WHEN daylight reappeared the
vessel was nearing the northern
shore of the lake. There was
no trace of natives, consequently the
Colonel and his companions, who had
been ready armed, laid aside their guns
as the Queen and Czar drew up in a
little bay in the rocky' shore. The bush-
man, Sir John and one of the sailors
set out at once to reconnoiter the neigh-
borhood. They could perceive no sign
of Makololos, and fortunately they found
game in abundance. Troops of antelopes
grazed in the long grass and in the shel-
ter of the thickets, and a number of
aquatic birds frequented the shores of
the lake. The hunters returned with
ample provision, and the whole party
could enjoy the savory antelope meat, a
supply of which was now unlikely to
fail them again.

 The camp was arranged under the
great willows near the lake, on the
banks of a small river. The Colonel
and Strux had arranged to meet on
the north shore with the pioneer s little
party, and the rest afforded by the
few days of expectation was gratefully
enjoyed by all. Palander employed him-
self in rectifying and adjusting the re-
sults of the latest observations, while
Mokoum and Sir John hunted most
vigorously over the fertile, well-watered
country, abounding in game, with which
the Englishman would have been de-
lighted, had it been in his power, to
complete a purchase, on behalf of the
British government. Three days after,
on the 8th of March, some gun-shots
announced the arrival of the remainder
of the party for whom they tarried.
Emery. Zorn, the two sailors, and the
pioneer, were all in perfect health. Their
theodolite, the only instrument remaining
MEASURING A MERIDIAN

47

to the Commission, was safe. The young
astronomers and their companions were
received with joyous congratulations.
In a few words they related that their
journey had not been devoid of diffi-
culty. For two days they had lost their
way in the forests that skirted the moun-
tainous district, and with only the vague
indication of the compass they would
never have reached Mount Volquiria,
if it had not been for the shrewd in-
telligence of the pioneer. The ascent
of the mountain was rough, and the de-
lay had caused the young astronomers
as much impatience as it had their col-
leagues on Mount Scorzef. They had
carefully, by barometrical observations,
calculated that the summit of Volquiria
was 3,200 feet above the level of the sea.
The light, increased by a strong reflector,
was first lighted on the night of the
4th; thus the observers on Mount
Scorzef had perceived it as soon as it
appeared. Emery and Zorn had easily
discerned the intense fire caused by the
burning fortress, and with the theodolite
had completed the measurement of the
triangle.

  “And did you determine the latitude
of the peak?” said the Colonel to Emery.

  “Yes, most accurately,” replied Em-
ery; “we found it to be 19° 37' 35.337*.”

  “Well, gentlemen,” said the Colonel,
“we may say that our task is ended. We
have measured, by means of sixty-three
triangles, an arc of more than eight
degrees in length; and when we have
rigidly corrected our results, we shall
know the exact value of the degree, and
consequently of the meter in this part
of the globe.”

  A cheer of satisfaction could not be
repressed amongst the others.

  “And now,” added the Colonel, “we
have only to descend the Zambesi in
order to reach the Indian Ocean; is it
not so, Mr. Strux?”

  “It is,” answered Strux, “but I think

we ought still to adopt some means of
testing our previous operations. Let us
continue our triangles until we find a
place suitable for the direct measure-
ment of a base. The agreement between
the lengths of the base, obtainind by the
calculations and by the direct measure-
ment, will alone tell what degree of ac-
curacy we ought to attribute to our
observations.”

  Strux’s proposition was unanimousl)
adopted. It was agreed to construct a
series of subsidiary triangles until a site
could be measured with the measuring
rods. The steamboat, descending the af-
fluents of the Zambesi, was to await the
travelers below the celebrated Victoria
Falls. Everything being arranged the,
little troop, with the exception of four
sailors on board the Queen and Czar,
started the next day at sunrise. Some
stations had been chosen to the east
and the angles measured, and, along
this favorable country, they hoped easily
to accomplish their auxiliary series. The
bushman had adroitly caught a quagga,
of which, willing or unwilling, he made
a beast of burden to carry the theodolite,
the measuring-rods, and some other lug-
gage of the caravan.

  The journey proceeded rapidly. The
undulating country afforded many points
of sight for the small accessory triangles.
The weather was fine, and it was not
needful to have recourse to nocturnal
observations. The travelers could near-
ly always find shelter in the woods, and,
besides, the heat was not insufferable,
since some vapors arose from the pools
and streams which tempered the sun’s
rays. Every want was supplied by the
hunters, and there was no longer any-
thing to be feared from the natives, who
seemed to be more to the south of Lake
Ngami.

  Matthew Strux and the Colonel
seemed to have forgotten all their per-
sonal rivalry, and although there was
48

AMAZING STORIES

no close intimacy between them, they
were on the most perfect terms of cour-
tesy.

  Day after day, during a period of
three weeks, the observations steadily
proceeded. For the measurement of a
base the astronomers required a tract of
land that should be level for several
miles, and the very undulations of the
soil that were desirable for the establish-
ment of points of sight were unfavorable
for that observation. They proceeded to
the northeast, sometimes following the
right bank of Cnobi, one of the principal
tributaries of the Upper Zambesi, in
order to avoid Maketo, the chief settle-
ment of the Makololos. They had now
every reason to anticipate that their re-
turn would be happily accomplished, and
that no further natural obstacles would
occur, and they hoped that their diffi-
culties were all at an end. The country
which they were traversing was com-
paratively well known, and they could
not be far from the villages of the Zam-
besi which Livingstone had lately visited.
Thus they thought with reason that all
the most arduous part of their task was
over, when an incident, of which the
consequences might have been serious,
almost compromised the result of the
whole expedition.

  Nicholas Palander was the hero, or
rather was near being the victim, of the
adventure.

  The intrepid but thoughtless calcu-
lator, unwarned by his escape from the
crocodiles, had still the habit of with-
drawing himself from his companions.
In an open country there was no great
danger in this, but in woods Palander’s
abstraction might lead to serious con-
sequences. Strux and the bushman gave
him many warnings, and Palander,
though much astonished at what he con-
sidered an excess of prudence, promised
to conform to their wishes.

  On the 27th, some hours had passed

  since Strux and Mokoum had seen any-
thing of Palander. The little troop were
traveling through thickets of low trees
and shrubs, extending as far as the hori-
zon. It was important to keep together,
as it would be difficult to discover the
track of any one lost in the wood. But
seeing and fearing nothing, Palander,
who had been posted, pencil in one hand,
the register in the other, on the left
flank of the troop, was not long in dis-
appearing.

  When, toward four o’clock, Strux and
his companions found that Palander was
no longer with them, they became ex-
tremely anxious. His former aberra-
tions were still fresh in their remem-
brance, and it was probably the ab-
stracted calculator alone by whom they
had been forgotten. The march was
stopped, and they all shouted in vain.
The bushman and the sailors dispersed
for a quarter of a mile in each direction,
beating the bushes, trampling through
the woods and long grass, firing off their
guns, but yet without success. They
became still more uneasy, especially Mat-
thew Strux, to whose anxiety was joined
an extreme irritation against his un-
lucky colleague. This was not the first
time that Palander had served them thus,
and if the Colonel had laid any blame
on him, Strux would not have known
what to say. Under the circumstances,
the only thing to be done was to en-
camp in the wood, and begin a more
careful search.

  The Colonel and his companions had
just arranaged to place their camp near
a glade of considerable extent, when a
cry, unlike anything human, resounded
at some distance to the left. Almost im-
mediately, running at full speed, ap-
peared Palander. His head was bare,
his hair disheveled, and his clothes tom
in some parts, almost to rags. His
companions plied him with questions;
but the unhappy man, with haggard and
MEASURING A MERIDIAN

49

  distended eye, whose compressed nostrils
still further hindered his short, jerking
respiration, could not bring out a word.

 What had happened? Wrhy had he
wandered away? And why did he ap-
pear so terrified? At last, to their re-
peated questions, he gasped out, in al-
most unintelligible accents, something
about the registers.

  The astronomers shuddered; the reg-
isters, on which was inscribed every re-
sult of their operations, and which the
calculator had never allowed out of his
possession, even when asleep, these reg-
isters were missing. No matter whether
Palander had lost them, or whether they
had been stolen from him; they were
gone, and all their labor was in vain!

  While his companions, mutely terri-
fied, only looked at each other, Matthew
Strux could no longer restrain his anger.
He burst forth into all manner of in-
vective against the miserable creature,
threatening him with the displeasure of
the Russian government, and adding,
that if he did not suffer under the knout
he should linger out his life in Siberia.

  To all this Palander answered but by
a movement of the head; he seemed to
acquiesce in all these condemnations, and
even thought the judgment would be too
lenient.

  “But perhaps he las been robbed,”
said the Colonel at last.

  “What matters?” cried Strux, beside
himself; “what business had he so far
away from us, after our continual
warning?”

  “True,” replied Sir John, “but we
ought to know whether he has lost the
registers or been robbed of them. Has
anyone robbed you, Palander?” contin-
ued he, turning to the poor man, who
had sunk down with fatigue.

  Palander made a sign of affirmation.

  “Wrho?” continued Sir John. “Na-
tives? Makololos?”

  Palander shook his head.

  “Well, then, Europeans?" asked Sir
John.

  “No,” answered Palander in a stifled
voice.

  “Who then?” shouted Strux, shaking
his clenched fists in Palander’s face.

  “They were neither natives—nor white
men—but monkeys," stammered out Pal-
ander at last.

  It was a fact that the unhappy man
had been robbed by a monkey, and if
the consequences of the incident had
been less serious, the whole party would
have broken out into laughter. Mokoum
explained that what had just happened
was of frequent occurrence. Many
times, to his knowledge, had travelers
been rifled by these pig-headed chacmas,
a species of baboon very common in
South African forests. The calculator
had been plundered by these animals,
though not without a struggle, as his
ragged garments testified. Still, in the
judgment of his companions, there was
no excuse to be made; if he had re-
mained in his proper place this irre-
parable loss would not have occurred.

  “We did not take the trouble." be-
gan Colonel Everest, “to measure an arc
of meridian in South Africa for a blun-
derer like you-”

  He did not finish his sentence, con-
scious that it was useless to continue
to abuse the unhappy man, whom Strux
had not ceased to load with every variety
of vituperation. The Europeans were,
without exception, quite overpowered by
emotion; but Mokoum, who was less
sensitive to the importance of the loss,
retained his self-possession.

  “Perhaps even yet,” he said, “some-
thing may be done to assist you in your
perplexity. These chacmas are always
careful of their stolen goods, and if we
find the robber we shall find the register
with him. But time is precious, and
none must be lost.”

  The bushman had opened a ray of
50

AMAZING STORIES

hope. Palander revived at the sugges-
tion; he arranged his tattered clothes as
best he could, and having accepted the
jacket of one sailor and the hat of
another, declared himself ready to lead
his companions to the scene of his ad-
venture.

  They all started off toward the west,
and passed the night and the ensuing
day without any favorable result. In
many places, by traces on the ground
and the bark of the trees, the bushman
and the pioneer recognized unmistakable
vestiges of the baboons, of which Pal-
ander affirmed that he was sure he had
seen no less than ten. The party was
soon on their track, and advanced with
the utmost precaution, the bushman af-
firming that he could only count 011 suc-
cess in his search by taking the chacmas
by surprise, since they were sagacious
animals, such as could only be ap-
proached by some device of secrecy.

  Early the following morning one of
the Russian sailors, who was somewhat
in front, perceived, if not the actual
thief, yet one of his associates. He
prudently returned to the little troop,
who came at once to a halt. The Euro-
peans, who had resolved to obey Mo-
koum in everything, awaited his instruc-
tions. The bushman begged them to
remain in quietness where they were,
and, taking Sir John and the pioneer,
turned toward the part of the wood al-
ready visited by the sailor, carefully
keeping under shelter of the trees and
bushwood.

  In a short time the bushman and his
two companions caught sight of one
chacma, and almost immediately of nine
or ten more, gamboling among the
bushes. Crouching behind a tree, they
attentively watched the animals. Their
short tails did not reach the ground, and
their powerful muscles, sharp teeth, and
pointed claws, rendered them formidable
even to the beasts of prey. These chac-

mas are the terror of the Boers, whose
fields of corn and maize, and occasion-
ally whose habitations, are plundered by
them.

  Not one of the animals had as yet
espied the hunters, but they all con-
tinued their sport, yelping and barking
as though they were great, ill-favored
dogs. The important point for deter-
mination was, whether the actual pur-
loiner of the missing documents was
there. All doubt was put aside when
the pioneer pointed out a chacma
wrapped in a rag of Palander’s coat.
Sir John felt that this creature must
be secured at any price, but he was
obliged to act with great circumspection,
aware, as he was, that a single false
movement would cause the whole herd
to decamp at once.

  “Stay here,” said Mokoum to the pio-
neer; “Sir John and I will return to our
companions and set about surrounding
the animals; but meanwhile do not lose
sight of them.”

  The pioneer remained at his post,
while Sir John and the bushman re-
turned to Colonel Everest. The only
means of securing the suspected culprit
was to surround the whole troop. To
accomplish this, the Europeans divided
into separate detachments; one composed
of Strux, Emery, Zorn, and three sail-
ors, was to join the pioneer, and to
form a semicircle behind him; and the
other, comprising the Colonel, Mokoum,
Sir John, Palander, and the other three
sailors, made a detour to the left, in
order to fall back upon the herd from
the other side.

  Implicitly following the bushman’s
advice, they all advanced with the ut-
most caution. Their guns were ready
and it was agreed that the chacma with
the rags should be the aim for every
shot.

  Mokoum kept a watchful eye upon
Palander, and insisted upon his march-
MEASURING A MERIDIAN

51

ing close to himself, lest his unguard-
edness should betray him into 9ome
fresh folly. The worthy astronomer was
almost beside himself in consternation at
his loss, and evidently thought it a ques-
tion of life or death.

  After marching with the frequent
halts which the policy of being unob-
served suggested, and continuing to di-
verge for half an hour, the bushman
considered that they might now fall back.
He and his companions, each about
twenty paces apart, advanced like a
troop of Pawnees on a war-trail, without
a w'ord or gesture, avoiding even the
least rustling in the branches. Suddenly
the bushman stopped; the rest instantly
followed his example, and standing with
their fingers on the triggers of their
guns, were ready to raise them to their
shoulder. The band of chacmas was
in sight, they were already sensible of
some danger, and seemed on the look-
out. The great animal which had stolen
the registers had, to their fancy, an
appearance of being especially agitated.
It had been already recognized by Pal-
ander, who muttered something like an
imprecation between his teeth.

  The chacma looked as if it was mak-
ing signs to its companions; some fe-
males, with their young ones on their
shoulders, had collected in a group, and
the males w’ent to and fro around them.
The hunters still drew on, one and all
keeping a steady eye direct toward the
ostensible thief. All at once, by an in-
voluntary movement, Palander’s gun
went off in its hands. Sir John broke
out into an exclamation of disgust, and
instantly afterward fired. Ten reports
followed, three chacmas lay dead on the
ground, and the rest, with a prodigious
bound, passed over the hunters’ heads.

  The robber baboon alone remained;
it darted at the trunk of a sycamore,
which it climbed with amazing agility,
and disappeared among the branches.

The bushman, having keenly surveyed
the spot, asserted that the registers were
there concealed, and fearing lest the
chacma should escape across the trees,
he calmly aimed and fired. The animal,
w'ounded in the leg, fell from branch
to branch.

  In one of its fore-claws it was seen
to clutch the registers, which it had taken
from the fork of the tree.

  At the sight, Palander, w’ith a leap
like that of a chamois, darted at the
chacma, and a tremendous struggle en-
sued. The cries of both man and beast
mingled in harsh and discordant strain,
and the hunters dared not take aim at
the chacma for fear of wounding their
comrade. Strux, beside himself with
rage, shouted again and again that they
should fire, and in his furious agitation
he would probably have done so, if it
had not been that he was accidentally
without a cartridge for his gun, which
had been already discharged.

  The combat continued; sometimes Pal-
ander, sometimes the chacma, was up-
permost. The astronomer, his shoulders
lacerated by the creature’s claws, tried
to strangle his adversary. At last the
bushman, seizing a favorable moment,
made a sudden dash, and killed the ape
with one blow of his hatchet.

  Nicholas Palander, bleeding, exhausted
and insensible, was picked up by his
colleagues; in his last effort he had recap-
tured his registers, which he was found
unconsciously grasping to his bosom.

  The carcass of the chacma was con-
veyed with glee to the camp. At the
evening repast it furnished a delicious
meal to the hunters. To all of them,
but especially to Palander, not only had
the excitement of the chase quickened
their appetite for the palatable dish, but
the relish was heightened by the grati-
fying knowledge that vengeance was sat-
isfied and the records saved.

  The work was nearly ended.
52

AMAZING STORIES

CHAPTER XXIII

The Task Accomplished

PALANDER’S wounds were not
serious; the bushman dressed the
contused limbs with herbs and the
worthy astronomer, sustained by his
triumph, was soon able to travel. Any
exuberance on his part, however, was
of short duration, and he quickly became
again engrossed in his world of figures.
He only now retained one of the reg-
isters, because it had been thought
prudent that Emery should take posses-
sion of the other. Under the circum-
stances, Palander made the surrender
with entire good humor.

  The operation of seeking a plain suit-
able for a base was now resumed. On
the 1st of April, the march was some-
what retarded by wide marshes; to these
succeeded numerous pools, whose waters
spread a pestilential odor; but, by form-
ing larger triangles, Colonel Everest and
his companions soon escaped the un-
healthy region.

  The whole party were in excellent
spirits. Zorn and Emery often con-
gratulated themselves on the apparent
concord that existed between their chiefs.
Zorn one day expressed his hope to his
friend that when they returned to Eu-
rope they would find that peace had been
concluded between England and Russia,
so that they might remain as good
friends as they had been in Africa.

  Emery replied that he acquiesced en-
tirely in the hope; in days when war
is seldom long protracted they might
hope all would be terminated by the date
of their return.

  Zorn had already understood from
Emery that it was not his intention to
return immediately to the Cape, and
expressed his hope that he might intro-
duce him to the observatory at Kiew.
This proposal Emery expressed his de-

sire to embrace, and added that he should
indulge the expectation that Zorn would
at some future time visit the Cape.

  With these mutual agreements they
made their plans for future astronomical
researches, ever reiterating their hopes
that the war would be at an end.

  “Anyhow/’ observed Emery, “Russia
and England will be at peace before
the Colonel and Strux; I have no trust
in any reconciliation of theirs.”

  For themselves, they could only re-
peat their pledges of mutual good-will.

  Eleven days after the adventure with
the chacmas, the little troop, not far
from the Zambesi Falls, arrived at a
level plain several miles in extent, and
perfectly adapted for the establishment
of a base. On the edge of the plain rose
a native village, composed of a few huts
containing a small number of inhab-
itants, who received the Europeans
kindly. Colonel Everest found the prox-
imity of the natives very opportune, since
the measurement of the base would oc-
cupy a month, and being without wagons,
or any material for an encampment, he
would have had no resource but to pass
the time in the open air, with no other
shelter than that afforded by the foliage.

  The astronomers took up their abode
in the huts, which were quickly appro-
priated for the use of their new occu-
pants. Their requirements were but
small; their one thought was directed
towards verifying their calculations by
measuring the last side of their last
triangle.

  The astronomers at once proceeded to
their work. The trestles and measuring
rods were arranged with all the care
that had been applied to the earliest base.
Nothing was neglected; all the conditions
of the atmosphere, and the readings of
the thermometer, were taken into ac-
count, and the Commission, without flag-
ging, brought.every energy to bear upon
their final operation.
MEASURING A MERIDIAN

53

  The work, which lasted for five weeks,
was completed on the 15th of May.
When the lengths obtained had been
estimated and reduced to the mean level
of the sea at the temperature of 61°
Fahrenheit, Palander and Emery pre-
sented to their colleague the following
numbers:

Toises.

New bases actually measured.. 5075.25
The same base deduced trigo-
nometrically from the entire
series..................... 5075.11

Difference between the calcula-
  tion and the observation---- .14

  Thus there was only a difference of
less than 1-6 of a toise, that is to say,
less than ten inches; yet the first base
and the last were six hundred miles
apart.

  When the meridian of France was
measured from Dunkirk to Perpignan,
the difference between the base at Melun
and that at Perpignan was eleven inches.
The agreement obtained by the Anglo-
Russian Commission was still more re-
markable, and thus made the work
accomplished in the deserts of Africa,
amid dangers of every kind, more per-
fect than any previous geodetic operation.

  The accuracy of this unprecedented
result was greeted by the astronomers
with repeated cheers.

  According to Palander’s reductions,
the value of a degree in this part of
the world was 57,037 toises. This was
within a toise, the same as was found by
Lacaille at the Cape in 1752; thus, with
the interval of a century, the French
astronomer and the members of the
Anglo-Russian Commission had arrived
at almost exactly the same result. To
deduce the value of the mkter, they
would have to wait the issue of the op-
erations which were to be afterward

undertaken in the northern hemisphere.
The value was to be the 1/10,000,000 of
the quadrant of the terrestrial meridian.
Actording to previous calculations the
quadrant, taking the depression of the
earth into account, comprised 10,000,856
mkters. Whether this was correct the
subsequent labors of the Commission
would have to decide.

*	* * * *

  The astronomers had now entirely fin-
ished their task, and it only remained
for them to reach the north of the
Zambesi, by following inversely the route
afterward taken by Dr. Livingstone in
his second voyage from 1858 to 1864.

  On the 25th of May, after a some-
what laborious journey across a country
intersected with rivers, they reached the
Victoria Falls. These fine cataracts fully
justified their native name, which sig-
nifies “sounding smoke.” Sheets of
water a mile wide, crowned with a
double rainbow, rushed from a height
twice that of Niagara. Across the
deep basalt chasm the enormous torrent
produced a roar like peal after peal of
thunder.

  Below the cataract, where the river
regained its calmness, the steamboat,
which had arrived a fortnight previously
by an inferior affluent of the Zambesi,
awaited the astronomers, who soon took
their places on board.

  There W’ere two to be left behind.
Mokoum and the pioneer stood on the
bank. In Mokoum the English were
leaving, not only a devoted guide, but
one whom they might call a friend.
Sir John was especially sorry to part
from him, and had offered to take Him
to Europe, and there entertain him as
long as he pleased to remain. But
Mokoum had previous engagements; in
fact, he was to accompany Livingstone
on the second voyage which the brave
traveler was about to undertake up the
Zambesi, and Mokoum was not a man
54

AMAZING STORIES

to depart from his word. He was pre-
sented with a substantial recompense,
and, what he prized still more, the kind
assurances of regard of the Europeans,
who acknowledged how much they owed
to him. As the steamer left the shore
to take the current in the middle of the
river, Sir John’s last gesture was to
wave an adieu to his associate.

  The descent of the great river, whose
banks were dotted with numerous vil-
lages, was soon accomplished. The na-
tives, regarding with superstitious admir-
ation the smoking vessel as it moved by
mysterious mechanism, made no attempt
to obstruct its progress.

  On the 15th of June the Colonel and
his companions arrived at Quilimane,
one of the principal towns at the mouth
of the Zambesi. Their first thought was
to ask for news of the war. They found
that it had not yet come to a termina-
tion, and that Sebastopol was still hold-
ing out against the allied armies. This
was a disappointment to the Europeans,
now so united in one scientific object;
but they received the intelligence in si-
lence, and prepared to start. An Aus-
trian merchant-vessel, La Novara, was
just setting out for Suez; in that they
resolved to take their passage.

  Three days after, as they were on the
point of embarking, the Colonel assem-
bled his colleagues, and in a calm voice
reminded them how in the first eighteen

months they had together experienced
many trials, and how they had been re-
warded by accomplishing a work w’hich
would call forth the admiration of all
scientific Europe. He could not refrain
from giving expression to his trust that
they would feel themselves bound in
the common fellowship of a true alli-
ance.

  Strux bowed slightly, but did not in-
terrupt the Colonel, who proceeded to
deplore the tidings of the continuation
of warfare. When he referred to the
expected capitulation of Sebastopol,
Strux indignantly rejected the possibility
of such an event, which no union of
France and England, he maintained,
could ever effect.

  There was, however, it was admitted
on all hands, a propriety in the Rus-
sians and English submitting to the
national status of hostility. The neces-
sities of their position were thus clearly
defined, and under these conditions they
embarked in company on board La
Novara.

  In a few days they arrived at Suez.
At the moment of separation Emery
grasped Zorn’s hand, and said:

  “We are always friends, Michael!”

  “Always and everywhere, William!”
ejaculated Zorn; and with this senti-
ment of mutual devotion they parted.

  The Commission was dissolved. The
great work was complete.

The toise is a French unit of length no longer in general use, being sup-
planted by the meter. Its length is 2J31S yards, or 63948 feet, or IS49 meter.

  Ths End
55

 The Velocity of Escape

By JOE W. SKIDMORE

We have found by long experience that our readers like interplanetary
stories. They give a scope for most exciting episodes, and some of our
best authors have really, in a sense, made a reputation by this class of work.
Mr. Skidmore not only gives us a very good story of the adventures of men
on contending space ships, but by introducing plenty of the personal element

makes it a truly exciting narration.

Illustrated by MOREY

CHAPTER I

The Falcon Swoops

AVERY much worried group
of famous scientists were
gathered together in one of
the United States government
secret underground chambers.
The best scientific minds in all the world
had been hastily summoned to this impor-
tant conference. From various countries
they had been gathered. Swift airplanes
and space cars had been utilized to gather
the great group of the world's keenest
intellects.

  Had the meeting not been considering
a mighty problem that concerned the very
existence of the world itself, it would
have been highly important for one rea-
son alone—the presence of Donald Mill-
stein, famous scientist and adventurer,
had been requested by none other than
the President of the United States. Just
now Millstein was speaking, and the
erudite and bearded gentlemen around the
council table listened hopefully and atten-
tively.

  Millstein was not of the usual type of
scientist. He was not aged and bearded;
neither was he bespectacled. Quite the
contrary, he was young, virile and upstand-

ing. His fine figure and handsome fea-
tures had stirred the heart of many a fair
maid. It is not to record that Millstein
aspired to be a Don Juan. Unlimited
wealth and early scientific training from
a father famed in research had vested
Millstein with every advantage of un-
usual education and physical training.
The government had called him before
to destroy plots and intrigues against the
safety of civilization. Many times he had
thundered on flashing wing to distant
parts of the globe, there to solve, after
incredible adventures, some weird plot
against organized society.

  “I tell you, Gentlemen," Millstein’s
voice rang out clear and strong, “this
looks like the work of the Falcon to me.”
A murmur of excited comment ran
around the table. It was quite evident
the group did not share Millstein’s opin-
ion. The latter’s dark eyes flashed as he
hastened to confirm his theory.

  “It may sound like a crazy theory to
you, Gentlemen, but you remember that
the Falcon has several times before tried

to overthrow our government. He-”

  “Who is the Falcon?” interrupted a
voice.

  “Strange you don’t know,” said Mill-
stein. “I thought everyone knew about
the Falcon. His is a strange, tragic story.
56

AMAZING STORIES

Millstein pulled a group of levers while his eyes watched the reflectoscope.
In an instant ten small space cars flashed away on their Ions journey toward

                                     earth.
THE VELOCITY OF ESCAPE

57

Verensky is his name; a wealthy Russian
scientist. He is tall, incredibly strong, but
of an aesthetic type—a dreamer. Some
ten years ago, in nineteen hundred and
eighty-one, to be correct, he came to this
country with a great plan for new labora-
tories and scientific development. At
that time he was an altruist, but the mas-
sive brain contained within his herculean
body became overworked. He had trouble
with our own Internal Revenue Depart-
ment, that made a heavy income tax lien
against the Russian, Verensky. The tax
assessment developed into a battle that
lingered in our supreme courts. To make
the story short, Verensky lost. Stub-
bornly he refused to pay the amount in-
volved, and the Revenue Department filed
a lien against his immense holdings.
Finally a part of the Russian’s brain
snapped. He became a maniac, obsessed
with the idea of overthrowing all forms
of government; wedded to the idea of de-
stroying all organized society. He disap-
peared. For the last ten years no one
has known of his whereabouts, but his
evil influence and machinations have been
felt. You know full well his handiwork
in the poison fogs that spread over Eu-
rope some years ago. I had a part in
overcoming that terror. You will remem-
ber that the United States air forces co-
operated with me in finding his planes,
that were spreading the deadly fogs.

y'ERENSKY, or the Falcon, as he
' smugly calls himself, is a menace to
the world. His distorted brain will never
stop working until he has destroyed the
world, or has been destroyed himself.
You, Gentlemen, remember, too, the great
panic of nineteen hundred and eighty-
five, when the clever Falcon devised a
powerful machine that set up peculiar,
powerful vibrations to destroy the atomic
structure of gold. He built many of
these machines and placed them in the
great financial centers of the world. You

recall the horrible panics when the mone-
tary value of gold went to nothing, be-
cause the gold stored in vaults, banks and
jewelry stores dissolved into a gray pow-
der when it came within the influence of
the disintegrating vibrations. Each ma-
chine that Verensky made had an effec-
tive radius of ten miles.

  “You perhaps recollect that I was in-
strumental in locating these machines and
destroying them. At that time I was
wounded in a duel with the Falcon. He
was in his fast monoplane. We had quite
a dog fight at twenty thousand feet. He
shot me in the shoulder and brought me
down. About twice a year I receive a
message signed The Falcon.’ Here, let
me read this one that came only a week
ago.

  Donald Millstein had spoken frankly
without any hint of boastfulness. The
group knew that Millstein was speaking
only the simple truth. They waited
eagerly for him to continue. Millstein
glanced around the assembly as he un-
folded a paper and read.

  “To my enemy, Donald Millstein.
Thrice you have thwarted me in my at-
tempt to remove a cruel government from
the earth. The Falcon is swooping again.
Beware!”

  “Millstein, where do you think the Fal-
con keeps in hiding ?”

  “I have a theory, Gentlemen, that the
Falcon lives in a giant space car far out
beyond the stratascope. There his evil
mind plans his schemes of revenge, and
he must have a marvelous laboratory and
trained assistants”

  “But all space ships have been searched.
Each one is numbered and well known,”
broke in the stubborn voice again.

  “Quite true,” agreed Donald, “but re-
member the Falcon is a resourceful
genius. Then, too, perhaps he lives in
some vast cavern of the earth. Lately I
have been conducting some experiments
with my radio apparatus to see if I can
58

AMAZING STORIES

locate his sending stations. Such a scien-
tist as the Falcon will, of course, have
powerful sending and receiving stations.
His uncanny wisdom and devilish re-
sources are simply amazing. I say this to
you, Gentlemen; I have the feeling that
the Falcon is listening to our conversa-
tion this very moment.”

  An amazed murmur circled the table,
and all stared incredulously towards the
young scientist.

  “Now, Gentlemen, as to this terrible
calamity that is before us. We have dis-
covered lately that the oxygen surround-
ing the entire earth is becoming diffused,
or shall we say thinning out. In other
words, something is happening to our
oxygen, and human life cannot exist
without this precious element. In many
sections of the world malignant plagues
of consumption and other lung diseases
are increasing in terrific epidemics. Even
now in this room, all of us are breathing
heavily and swiftly in order to absorb
enough oxygen for our lungs.

“'T'HE three chief gases of our atmos-
1 phere are oxygen, nitrogen and
water vapor. The atoms of oxygen and
nitrogen have plenty of elbow room in
which to dart about. Although they fre-
quently collide with each other, they de-
velop a very great speed. We know that
heat is due to the degree of nervousness
of these atoms, or groups of atoms. The
air that we inhale into our lungs is full
of swiftly moving protons and electrons.
Let us imagine air one hundred degrees
below zero, Fahrenheit. In this condi-
tion the atomic motions would be very
much more sluggish than they are in the
air we are now breathing. Stretch our
imaginations a bit further and imagine
the air so cold that electrons did not re-
volve at all. This temperature would be
approximately four hundred and sixty-
nine degrees below zero. This complete
lack of heat is the absolute zero.

  “In the case of the atmosphere in this
secret room, far below the surfaces of
the earth in the secret tunnels of the
government, our temperature is about
thirty-two degrees Fahrenheit. Rather
chilly. The small particles of oxygen we
are now breathing are bouncing from one
another with an average speed of about
two miles per second. This, however, is
only the average velocity. Many atoms
of oxygen strike, bounce and rebound
again with a speed many times greater.
If we would heat this room up, that speed
would increase. It’s a curious fact that
all atoms do not possess the same speed
when heated to the same degree.
Oxygen, nitrogen and water vapor,
which, as I have stated before, are the
chief three gases of our air, all behave
about the same. On the other hand, he-
lium gas atoms will bounce from one
collision to another with about twice their
velocity. In fact, some helium atoms
have a speed of twenty-five miles per
second. A cannon ball goes up in the
air with tremendous force. It leaves the
earth at the rate of less than a mile per
second, and then because of gravity, re-
turns to earth. But if the cannon ball
were to be shot into the air with an initial
velocity of about seven miles per second,
it would never return. For countless
millions of years it might wander through
space like a meteoroid.

  "Now, Gentlemen, I’m getting to the
point of my theory. If a cannon ball
could be shot into the air with a velocity
of more than seven miles per second, and
never return to earth, what is true of a
cannon ball is also true of an atom. If
after thousand and millions of collisions,
an atom finds itself in the upper air, it
may be going at so great a speed that the
gravity of earth cannot recall it. Earth
is so large that no atom can bounce away
unless it has a speed of more than seven
miles a second. Our most valuable gases,
oxygen, nitrogen and water vapor, are
THE VELOCITY OF ESCAPE

59

slow and seldom exceed that critical
speed.

  “Even at the temperature at which
water freezes, a hydrogen atom has an
average speed of more than seven miles
per second and, of course, many hydro-
gen atoms would have a far greater speed.
To illustrate more clearly, let us consider
the planet Mercury. A cannon ball with
the velocity of only two miles per sec-
ond would leave that planet forever. This
state of affairs is due to the smallness of
Mercury. Its gravity force is so slight
that a body would fall only four feet dur-
ing the first second. The blinding sun-
light of Mercury would make an oxygen
atom nervous. Its excitable nature
would cause billions of its comrades to
dart about, collide and bounce at a speed
much in excess of two miles per second.
Thus it wras that Mercury lost its pre-
cious air countless millions of years ago.
Even lost all the gases, which from time
to time have been emitted by its vol-
canos.

  “On the planet Mars an atom of air
would only have to possess the velocity
of more than three miles per second to
bounce away and never return. On
Venus, ‘The Velocity of Escape’ is ap-
proximately seven miles.”

  “I cannot understand,” interrupted one
of the scientists, “what this has to do
with the Falcon.”

“TT means just this,” continued Mill-

  I stein. “Verensky is a most danger-
ous criminal, an insane man obsessed with
the idea of wiping out the earth. You
must not underrate his powers. In some
manner this insane genius has developed
a process, perhaps a machine, that emits
exciting rays that increase the speed of
the atoms of oxygen, causing them to act
as the hypothetical cannon ball. Already
my laboratories are conducting tests.”

‘"‘You mean,” broke in Doctor Benson,
a famous scholar, “that our oxygen

is flying away from the earth?”
“That is exactly what I mean,” insisted
Millstein. “Perhaps it’s been going on
for a year or more, and, as you know, we
are just beginning to feel the horrible
effect of the thinning out process of the
air.”

  A tall figure at the head of the table
rose; the President of the United States.
Up to this time, that leader of a mighty
nation had not spoken. His calm ©yes
swept over the gathering.

  “Donald Millstein, I have listened and
believe in your theory. Before, in emer-
gencies, the government has called and
depended upon you. I ask you to take
full charge of this investigation. The
government is behind you. I am remem-
bering at this moment your past services,
and pledge you unlimited support. What
can the government do to help you?”

  It was typical of Millstein that he ig-
nored completely the fine compliment and
praise from the greatest man in the land.
His whole mind was concentrated to the
task of solving the mighty problem. Peo-
ple all over the world, gasping for breath,
were breathing his name, their words a
hopeful prayer.

  “Mr. President, I thank you, and I will
call upon your Department of Chemistry
and Science for their best man; and if an
idea I have proves to have merit, I shall
ask you for power to call out the space
fighters of our Air Navy.”

   “It is granted,” stated the President.

CHAPTER II

Atomic Solar Systems

DON MILLSTEIN left the meet-
ing and was carried in a fast
government automobile to the
nearest flying field, where he had left his
special plane. Millstein was most cour-
ageous, but the iron-nerved secret service
operator who tooled the powerful ar-
60

AMAZING STORIES

mored car through Washington traffic
gave Don many a thrill. A few moments
at the airport, and Millstein was thunder-
ing through the air at three hundred miles
per hour.

  Three hours later he was in his won-
derful laboratory, well hidden among
bleak Vermont hills. Jack Cromwell,
trusted assistant, who always accom-
panied Millstein on desperate flights and
dangerous espionage, was waiting anx-
iously.

  “Glad to see you, Millstein. We’re
getting a mysterious message on the radio
that’s intended for you. It’s been repeated
several times, and who do you think is
sending it T*

  “The Falcon T*

  “Yes, Chief, and here’s what he says.”
“Never mind what he says, Jack. Go
back to the radio and see if you can find
if the message is coming from near-by
or from space. Wait a minute. What
does the message say?”

  Jack Cromwell flashed an amused grin
as he read aloud from a slip of paper.

  “To Donald Millstein. Beware, my
enemy. Do not attempt to thwart my
plans. From the Falcon.”

  “That settles it,” stated Millstein.
“There’s no doubt of it. The Falcon is
back of this terrible oxygen starvation.
After you work with the radio, come to
the laboratory. You and I are going to
do some microscopic work.”

  For many hours Millstein and his
trained assistants did not rest. Involved
experiments were conducted. Tired,
weary eyes strained through powerful
lenses. From time to time Millstein,
whose eyes were fairly glued to his in-
strument, would call out details and in-
structions to his assistants.

  “Come here, Cromwell,” from Mill-
stein, after a long, studied silence. “Look
at these films we've developed.”

  A microscopic motion picture projec-
tion machine was fitted up and so fo-

cussed and arranged that the diminutive
solar system of an atom of oxygen was
thrown on the screen. The projection
machine was then slowed down so that it
barely revolved. During the taking of the
pictures, the camera had been operated
at a fearful velocity. A most remarkable
miniature solar system was projected on
the screen. Worlds—planets revolving
about each other in fixed orbits!

  In spite of the fact that the machine
had slowed down their movements by
many thousand times, always the whirl-
ing pairs of the electrons fairly raced on
the screen.

  “There you are, Cromwell. Look at
that small solar system all by itself. A
nucleus of oxygen. See how the electrons
fairly whirl. Much too fast for normal
oxygen. Some kind of ray or a magnetic
or electrical influence is increasing the
normal speed of the oxygen atoms.”

  “Well,” mused Jack, who always saw
humor in every situation, “perhaps the
Falcon has done something to set them
on a spree.”

  “Whatever it is. Jack, it’s most seri-
ous. The world is about to be deprived
of its oxygen and will soon become a
dead, hopeless sphere- As you perhaps
know, oxygen is the eighth element. Its
atomic number is eight, and its atomic
weight is sixteen. Therefore each nu-
cleus of oxygen has eight free or orbital
electrons and eight bound electrons.

  “There are only a few of the known
elements that are so exactly and evenly
divided as to free electrons and bound
electrons. Perhaps this is the reason that
it is possible for the Falcon to accelerate
by some means the speed of the electrons
in this element.

“pY the way, Cromwell, did I ever
D give you this very important rule ?
To discover the make-up of any element,
take the full number of the atomic
weight. That represents the number of
THE VELOCITY OF ESCAPE

61

protons in the nucleus. For instance, gold
has one hundred and ninety-seven of
them. Now the number of free electrons
is represented by the atomic number, in
this case of gold, seventy-nine. The nu-
cleus, therefore, consists of one hundred
and ninety-seven protons. Of the elec-
trons within an atom of gold, seventy-
nine would be free or orbital electrons,
while one hundred and eighteen would be
bound electrons.”

  Trained assistants at Millstein's direc-
tion next placed an atom of oxygen so
that it could be bombarded with high volt-
age. This device, called an “Alpha Ray”
machine, projected charges of several
million volts of potential directly into the
little solar system of the oxygen nucleus.

  Millstein, worn and tired, sighed at the
result.

   “It’s no use. It’s not electricity that is
speeding up the atoms. See. That little
solar system was exploded in a normal
manner, and we know for certain that
it’s not a rise of temperature that’s
affecting their speed. Let’s try a mag-
netic influence.”

  It took hours to make this test, but it
revealed nothing. The orbital electrons
of the oxygen atoms performed normally,
except that they continued to rotate at
their mad, unusual speed.

  “Do you suppose,” from Cromwell in
a studied tone, “that the positive and
negative charges of the electrons have
been reversed by some means?”

  “I thought of that,” replied Millstein.
“It’s my theory that if charges were re-
versed, the atoms would not have acted
as they did under the test of the voltage
bombardment. No—it’s not that.”

  Just then there was an interruption
from a trusted assistant.

  “Mr. Millstein, here is a very impor-
tant message that just came from govern-
ment headquarters.”

  “Bad news, Chief?” asked Jack anx-
iously.

  “Yes, it is.” Millstein’s face was
slightly pale. “This message from the
government states that thousands are
dying in the regions of high altitudes.
Urges me to speed up investigation. The
message is more of a prayer than a com-
mand. I tell you, Jack, things are des-
perate. I’m certain now that the Falcon
is back of all of this. By the way, Jack,
when his message came in on the radio,
do you think the sending station was
close or far?”

  “It must have been from a great dis-
tance, for the reception wavered, and was
very faint until I amplified it, and it had
a great deal of static.”

  For a moment Millstein remained si-
lent. Then a light broke over his face.

  “Do you know, Jack, I believe that if
we could find the Falcon and net him,
this problem might be solved. By Jove!
I’m sure he’s sending those messages
from space. I’ll bet he has a space car of
immense size and practically lives in it.
That’s why the best brains in the world
have been unable to find him.”

  “Great Cosmos!” shot out Cromwell,
“Do you mean to say that one scientific
crook can lick the whole world ?”
Millstein sprang erect with an excited
exclamation as Cromwell spoke.

 COSMOS. Why do you say ‘Cos-
mos’? Don’t you get it? Cosmic
rays!” Millstein’s voice rose to a high,
excited pitch as he went on. “Cosmic
rays are considered by some scientists to
be the signals sent out through the ether,
announcing the continuous creation Of the
heavier metals out of the lighter. Many
years ago it was thought that cosmic rays
originated from the fierce energy of the
sun, generated in that mighty globe of
gas by the exploding atoms that provide
its boundless energy. Later it was found,
however, when machines called electro-
scopes were lowered into deep lakes, that
the cosmic rays still had their effect. This
62

AMAZING STORIES

machine was originally designed by the
famous Dr. Robert A. Millikan. His ap-
paratus was composed of delicate quartz
fibers so arranged that when the fibers
were charged with one kind of electricity,
they would repel and remain apart, but
as soon as the cosmic rays influenced
them, penetrating the shell of the electro-
scope, the electrical charge of the fibers
was knocked off in proportion to the
effect of the rays, causing the quartz
fibers to come close together. Then, by
measuring the rate of the collapse of the
fibers and the discharge of the electricity
from them, the great Millikan was able
to prove the strength of cosmic rays at
any moment. He made the astounding
discover)' that these rays have the same
effect at night as in the daytime, thus
proving that the rays do not originate
from the mighty energy of the sun.

  "Millikan also found out in his experi-
ments that some rays were more pene-
trating than others, which proved that
cosmic rays had different characteristics.
Tests showed that some of these rays
could pass through seventeen feet of
lead. Owing to the research of the mag-
nificent scientist, it was decided that cos-
mic rays came from interstellar space.
Later, with Millikan still laboring at his
devices, it was discovered that the cosmic
rays are divided very distinctly into sev-
eral distinct bands or groups of the spec-
trum. Then it was proven that each of
the spectrum bands of the cosmic rays
corresponds to the production of a par-
ticular kind of atom, as when the atoms
of helium gas are being built in sky space
there is released a definite band of cosmic
rays, called the helium cosmic ray bands.
Again, when an oxygen atom is being
made, another sort of cosmic ray is dis-
charged. The generation of silicon and
iron atoms causes the emission of very
different and distinct ray bands.

  “Now nitrogen and carbon are so close
to oxygen in their atomic pattern, the

structure of their electrons within each of
their atoms, that the cosmic rays, due to
their atom building, are included in the
oxygen cosmic rays. So you see, Crom-
well, it may be that the study of nitrogen
and carbon will help us to solve the secret
mystery.

E must look into an atom of hy-
drogen. Hydrogen atoms are the
fundamental bricks of the physical uni-
verse. They are the lightest of any atom
and the simplest in construction. The
simplest of all elements is hydrogen gas,
in which one electron revolves around a
nucleus of one proton. Let us compare
this atom of hydrogen gas to a solar sys-
tem, that consisted of just the Sun and
Mercury.

  They would be approximately the same
as to their relative sizes, distances apart,
rotations and orbits.

  “But to make this short, you know that
scientists found only a few years ago that
the cosmic rays are "photons,” such as
light and X-rays, rather than electrons,
and that the cosmic rays are not gen-
erated in the local astronomical com-
plexes—the solar system and the Milky
Way—but are born from atomic disturb-
ances in the unknown space regions, mil-
lions of light years away.”

  Cromwell had been gazing at Millstein
in adoration during the technical dis-
course.

  He suddenly spoke.

  “Chief, I believe you’ve got it.

  “The Falcon is fooling with the cosmic
rays.”

  “Yes,” muttered Millstein, his mind
filled with a thousand details. “We’re
going to fly back to Washington at once.
Then we’re taking my space ship, 'Ne-
mesis,’ out into space. We’re going to
look for the Falcon.

  “He’s doing something to the cosmic
days, and that is causing all of the
trouble that is over us.”
THE VELOCITY OF ESCAPE

63

CHAPTER III

The Space Trail

JACK CROMWELL was an excel-
lent pilot, and while they were fly-
ing back to the government port for
space ships, Millstein managed to get two
needed hours of sleep. It was well that
Cromwell was a skilled pilot and that the
sturdy little plane was equipped with a
very powerful motor, for he found diffi-
culty in maintaining any safe altitude
in the thin air. Finally, however, after
making proper signals, they circled and
came to a perfect three-point landing.

  For miles great hangars stretched,
towering high in the air. Great steel
towers rose at different places. These
towers were built for the launching of
space ships. These elongated derricks
acted as guides to launch space ships into
the blue vault of the sky.

  While flying from their laboratory,
Cromwell, at Millstein’s direction, had
radioed ahead to government headquar-
ters, requesting that two of the finest and
fastest United States space fighters be
assigned to Millstein. The government
had wired back its instant approval, with
the information that the two ships and
crews would be ready when Millstein
arrived.

  The scientist and his assistant were
soon in the great hangar that housed
Millstein’s personal space ship, the ‘Nem-
esis.’ Millstein had spent years de-
veloping the space ship, the fastest
man-made thing that ever rocketed
through space. The craft possessed new
and strange, powerful weapons, that
were known only to Millstein and a few
of his highly trusted assistants. Many
times he had used this craft on dangerous
interplanetary expeditions, and it was a
mark of distinction and favor that he
could house his private ship at the gov-
ernment port.

   In the control room Millstein gave out
detailed instructions while the ship was
being checked with painstaking care.
Millstein was in a studious mood.

  “You know after all, Jack,” he said
quite dubiously, "we’re going out on
rather a wild goose chase. It’s just a
hunch.”

   '‘Somehow I feel, Chief, that we’re on
the right track. Your hunches never
fail.”

  Word came that the two government
scouts were ready to take off any second.
Millstein, connected to the two govern-
ment space ships by radio telephone, gave
them detailed instructions as to their
flight and course. Then he turned his
eyes to the control board of his space
car. His hands lovingly caressed the
levers, instruments and gauges, as a
skilled artist at a piano.

  “Ready!” snapped Millstein in the
mouthpiece of the phone.

   With a careful glance at the gauge*, he
pulled a lever. The top of the great
hangar opened up, and a steel guide slid
noiselessly, high into the air; a guide such
as a tremendous sky rocket would use for
its initial impetus.

  “Power!” snapped Millstein, pulling
another lever. For a moment the two
felt as though some relentless force was
squeezing their bodies to an unbearable
degree. Acceleration was taking its toll.

   “Well, Jack, we’re beyond the strata-
scope. Do you realize that it did not take
as much power as usual to leave the
atmosphere? It must be thinning very
rapidly.”

   “What are your plans?”

   “I have a theory that if the Falcon is
in some way affecting the cosmic rays,
then he will be only a few thousand miles
from the surface of the earth; so I’ll tell
you what I’m going to do. I’m going to
start making circles around the earth at
about one thousand miles from its sur-
face. Our first circle we’ll make at a
64

AMAZING STORIES

velocity of five thousand miles per hour.
Then well proceed outward to an addi-
tional one thousand miles from the sur-
face of the earth and circle the globe
again. Next time we’ll run the speed up
to ten thousand miles per hour. Don’t
you see, Jack, that if we keep circling
the globe and gradually work outward,
increasing the velocity of our flight, I
figure that in twenty hours we’ll have
reached a point where the Falcon might
be located? This way we cannot miss
him. Provide the men in the forward
lookouts with the high-powered tele-
scopes, and tell them to search the heav-
ens at all times. Keep our best men at
the radio detectors to see if they can lo-
cate any ship. We’ll investigate every
ship we meet. I have full government
authority, and the government has asked
the other planets to cooperate in our need.
Venus has agreed to have her space craft
investigated.”

  “Chief, it’s a big job to search the
whole universe.”

  “That fiend is some place in our own
planetary system,” insisted Millstein reso-
lutely, “and I’m going to find him.”

HOURS passed, and the “Nemesis”
was many thousand miles from die
earth, which now glowed like a moon.
Both Jack and Millstein had obtained a
needed rest, leaving the control of the
ship to efficient officers.

  "Cromwell, are the two government
ships keeping in close contact with us?”
“Yes, Chief. They’re directly in our
rear. Number seven-H-five is a hundred
miles to our right, and Number seven-H-
six is two hundred miles in the rear to
the left. We are at all times in constant
communication with them. They report
that their ships are operating in wonder-
ful shape, but say they’re running at full
power of their atomic tubes to keep up
with us. We can’t increase our speed un-
less vve want to leave the ships behind.”

  “Do you know, Cromwell,” there was
a mysterious light in Millstein’s eyes, “I
love my ‘Nemesis.’ I believe she is the
fastest thing that was ever built by man.
Some day I’m going to build a projec-
tile that will fly at the speed of light.”
“But no one will ever be able to fly
at the speed of light, for you know that
Einstein, that great scientist who lived
many years ago, was the first to discover
that if an object were to travel at the
speed of light, it would cease to exist.”
“How can anything cease to exist?”
argued Millstein. “There’s no limit to
the smallness of things, as there is no
limit to the largeness of things. You and
I know we’re now traveling at a velocity
that in a slight degree reduces our size
that we possessed on earth. We don’t
feel any discomfort, and I believe that
when man comes to travel at the speed of
light, he will continue to diminish in size
but will suffer no ill effect, and not realize
the difference; his surroundings would be
proportionately decreased in mass.”
“You’re talking too deep for me,
Chief. But say, there’s one thing I do
want to know. You’ve been working for
months on this ship, secretly installing
some new weapons. Tell me about them.
This craft already had the most pow-
erful armament in the universe.”

  “I’m glad you mentioned that, Crom-
well. Here’s a little device that’s going
to spring a surprise on the Falcon. It
has sights like the turret guns of the old,
obsolete battleships. When these levers
are moved, a tube is thrust from the nose
of our ship and can be pointed at any
other space ship or object in space by
merely aligning the pointer on this
smoked glass against the reflected object.”
“V°.ry ingenious,” agreed Cromwell,
“but what good does it do T*

  “Well, it’s connected to powerful
motors and transformers in the engine
rooms of our ship. When you pull this
lever,” Millstein indicated a small lever
THE VELOCITY OF ESCAPE

65

like a trigger of the obsolete Colt 45, “it
releases a ray that literally bathes itself
over any space ship at which it might be
pointed. This energy ray reverses the
direction of the flow of electrical energy
through the protons and electrons in any
element it caresses. It will disintegrate
some of the denser metals almost in-
stantly, setting up a “disoontented” ele-
ment condition among the electrons and
protons, such as exists in radium, except
that the process of disintegration would
be greatly speeded. Naturally, too, it
would have the lesser but devastating ef-
fect of instantly burning out all the
enemy’s electrical circuits and motors—
radios—in fact all electrical equipment. I
am anxious to try this device out on the
Falcon, Cromwell. There was no place
on earth I could make a safe test without
damaging too much surface.”

  “Well!” exclaimed Cromwell, wide-
eyed, “you have got a surprise for the
Falcon! I don’t know what earth would
have done the last ten years without your
talent. You’ve developed practically
every new weapon they have.”

EVER mind the bouquets. I want
to tell you about this weapon
here,” said Millstein, pointing to a device,
the controls of which were similar to the
first. “This operates in practically the
same manner, except that I call it my
expansion ray. Wrhen its fearful energy
floods itself over any element, it causes
the orbits of the electrons within that
element to suddenly enlarge the circles of
their orbits many million times. This, of
course, has the same effect as an explo-
sion of T.N.T. Unfortunately, so far
I’ve been unable to affect anything but
the electrons within an iron nucleus, but
of course almost every metal in a space
ship has some iron in its composition.
So if we can maneuver our projection
tubes to bathe this ray over a space ship,
and explode all the billions of iron nuc-

leuses within that space ship, the whole
structure is certain to fall apart.”

  “But there are lots of elements used in
a space ship, such as copper, aluminum,
lead and others,” argued Cromwell.
“These have no iron in their composition.”
“Yes,” agreed Millstein, “but all those
elements are always fastened to steel,
which has iron content. Think of the
steel shell of a space ship going to pieces.”
“You're right. The expansion ray is
going to be tough for the enemy. Have
you any other nice little things up your
sleeve?” ,

  “Just two more,” answered Millstein.
“This third device, which points its pro-
jection tube similar to the others I have
explained, shoots out vibrations which
travel on a beam of light. When this
beam, carrying the deadly rays, strikes a
space ship, it has a powerful effect on
the atomic structure of all elements. I
don’t know just how I discovered it.
Stumbled on it quite by accident, but
this ray, combined with the vibration, in-
stantly stops the orbits of electrons in
any element. This of course produces
close to absolute zero, and unless the oc-
cupants of a space car had something to
overcome these rays, they would be frozen
instantly.”

  “You’ve been working lately. Why
have you been keeping these things
secret?”

  “I wanted to have a chance to try
them' first.”

  “Well,” grinned Cromwell, “let’s find
the Falcon and test ’em out. What’s the
other pop-gun you were talking about?”
“This apparatus produces vibrations so
shrill and intensely rapid they will pene-
trate many feet of most elements and
instantly paralyze the brain of any human
or living creature. I have managed to
project it on a beam of light, and by
turning this other switch, I can produce
the vibrations all around our space ship,
but of course in using this latter method,
66

AMAZING STORIES

 the vibrations weaken very rapidly as
 they widen into space. This device is a
 last card to play. Suppose, for instance,
 we could succeed in darting our ship close
 to ail enemy, and flooded them with these
 vibrations. I calculate that this weapon
 will be active up to a ten mile radius
 around our ship.”

   “I’ve heard enough technical stuff.”
 begged Cromwell. “You’ve got my brain
 going around in a whirl. How far are
 we now from earth?”

   “We’ve made our tenth revolution,”
 stated Millstein, “and we’re only a hun-
 dred thousand miles from earth. Let’s
 step into the observation room. The
 heavens are unusually clear. No cosmic
 clouds; perhaps we can do a bit of adven-
 turing with the telescopes.”

   The two seated themselves in comfort-
 able chairs, their eyes adjusted to power-
 ful glasses.

   THERE’S a sight for you, Crom-
 well. Look at that smaller group of
 the clouds of Magellan. Those billions of
 stars are a hundred thousand light years
 away from earth. They appear as a
 little cloud that had blown away from
 the Milky Way. Once I was on an expe-
 , dition at the South Pole, and on very
 clear nights that group was visible to the
 naked eye. If all the lights in that group
 were concentrated in one point, they
 would be about as bright as the North
 Star. Their faintness is due to the enor-
 mous distance, yet thousands of stars in
 that cloud of billions of stars are two
 hundred thousand times brighter than our
 sun. If the sun suddenly acquired such
 brightness, all life on earth would be
 instantly burnt to a crisp, or the earth
 and all on it might be vaporized.”

   “Very interesting,” snorted Cromwell,
 “but we’re out here to find the Falcon.”
 “Oh, I know you’re anxious for a
 genuine scrap, but that will come soon

enough. There’s a sight you mustn’t miss,
—the great star cluster of Hercules. Let
me point your glass. What a magnificent
sight! From earth these thousands and
thousands of stars that make up the clus-
tre of Hercules appear as a single very
blurred star. Just think, Jack. The light,
by which we see these stars at this mo-
ment, left the cluster before the Cro-
Magnon race entered Europe and began
to draw his wonderful pictures of bison
and horses in the famous caves of France.
The light that’s leaving that cluster now,
and starting 011 its long journey towards
earth, will meet our remote descendants
in the year Thirty-eight thousand. I won-
der, Jack, what kind of a wonderful race
those light beams from Hercules will
find.”

  “I suppose it’s hopeless to try and get
you to talk about anything but scientific
things,” sighed Cromwell. “I’d rather
talk about the Falcon.” Cromwell knew
even though Millstein was discoursing on
scientific matters of a technical nature
that his keen brain was shrewdly analyz-
ing and testing every theory relating to
the problem at hand. This was their tra-
ditional way of working together on a
difficult problem. Cromwell had learned
by long experience to fall into Millstein’s
mood. It seemed to stimulate the scien-
tist’s brain to give out information.

  “Say, Chief, in the laboratory the other
day, you spoke about photons. What are
photons ?”

  “Well, Cromwell, I guess you’ve got
me cornered at last. I’ve said enough to
you about cosmic rays for one time, but
photons are closely associated with cosmic
rays, light and color. We scientists are
still groping at the bottom of a vast sea
of yet undiscovered wonders. The sim-
plest way to put it would be to say that
photons, sometimes called “quanta,” are
a series of light waves, consisting of
countless billions and billions of tiny bul-
lets of energy. Laboratory experiments
THE VELOCITY OF ESCAPE

67

have proven that the difference between
violet and red color is in the number of
microscopic waves of light, which enter
your eyes in a second of time. If seven
hundred and fifty-six millions of millions
enter your eyes in a second, your nerves
are affected in such a way that you call
the sensation violet. These waves cannot
be seen in a microscope. For your edifi-
cation, my embryo scientist, the number
of waves per inch in each color in the
rainbow has been counted. Fifty-five
thousand waves to the inch give us the
sensation of blue. Forty-eight thousand
vibrations, green; forty-four thousand,
yellow; thirty-eight thousand, red. When
the waves become so long that less than
about thirty-three thousand occur, we
would be unable to see them. For exam-'
pie, alcohol flame does not send out waves
that can make any but a minute impres-
sion on the nerves of the eyes. Invisible
light also comes at the other extreme, the
ultra-violet, where the waves are so short
and crowded together they don’t give our
eyes any sensation at all. You can com-
pare this to the piercing shrieks of some
laboratory apparatus, or some insects that
produce vibrations so shrill that they
don’t affect our eardrums at all. If the
waves of color are so short it takes over
sixty-six thousand of them to make an
inch, they are totally invisible to our eyes,
and are called ultra-violet.

  “Thus it has been that scientists,
searching the void with their telescopes,
have been able to tell from the various
colors of the spectrum out in space just
how the cosmic rays are vibrating, and
what particular element is being born in
the cold spaces. Temperatures of the sun
ind stars are thus readily determined,
for many colors invisible to the naked
eye can be detected and classified in the
laboratory.”

  It is doubtful whether Cromwell had
been listening to this technical discourse.
Suddenly his body stiffened.

REAT SCOTT, Millstein! What
is that great, white mass to the
right? It looks like someone had poured
a gob of sour milk in a bowl of thick
chocolate and then stirred it violently.”

  Millstein did not reply for some time.
Finally he spoke with a chuckle in his
voice.

  “That group of stars, Jack, is the great
Nebula of Andromeda. It’s barely visi-
ble from the earth, and considering our
own planetary system, it’s incomprehen-
sibly prodigious in size. That Nebula is
forty-five thousand light years in diam-
eter and a million light years from the
earth. Scientists believe that the nebulas
of the sky, such as the Nebula of Andro-
meda and the great Whirlpool of Canis
Venatici, are vast whirlpools or mael-
stroms of stars, planets, moons and suns
of uncountable numbers. Perhaps some
near celestial collision distorted them to
the spiral shapes; but unlike a whirlpool,
the stars are not moving toward the cen-
ter. Observations of many years indicate
that they are travelling out from the cen-
ter, as the entire group revolves around
its nucleus. Nebulas are one of the un-
solved mysteries of the universe.”

  A phone buzzed at Millstein’s elbow,
and for a moment he listened intently;
his eyes took on a keen glitter.

  “Well, Jack, I guess your wish has
come true. Lookout Number seven, in
the port bow, states he has sighted an
immense object about five hundred miles
straight ahead on our course. Let’s go
back to the control room. Number seven
says that the object is apparently a space
ship because of its cylindrical shape, but
that it’s nearly a mile in length. That’s
just the sort of a craft the Falcon would
have.”

  They repaired quickly to the compli-
cated control room with its thousands of
reflectoscopes, gauges and instruments,
and seated themselves at their respective
controls. This room was the heart of the
68

AMAZING STORIES

swift little space fighter. Millstein was
always in direct communication with every
part of the ship. Cromwell, always effi-
cient, adjusted one of the reflectoscopes
so that the area of the newly discovered
space ship showed on the screen in front
of him. He started back in surprise as
the image of a mighty space vessel was
reflected on the glass.

  “I’ll say it’s a mile long, Chief. It must
be the Falcon. Who ever heard of a ship
so vast in proportions ?”

  Millstein did not hear, or at least he
did not heed, for he was phoning to the
radio room.

  “Send a message to the strange ship.
Give the customary salute. Ask their
name and from what planet, and their
destination. Make it plain that we are on
government duty and mean business.”

  All the while the ‘Nemesis’ was slip-
ping through space with incredible speed.
Pressing a button, Millstein spoke into
another receiver. This time he was con-
nected with the power rooms of the ship.
Here were located the apparatus that
broke up atoms of mercury, transform-
ing the energy of whirling electrons into
enormous power. Converted electrons
were discharged through the impellant
tubes in the rear and nose of the fighter.
The converted electrons roared out into
space through the tubes with vast en-
ergy, forcing the space ship in any de-
sired direction. At least they would have
roared had there been any atmosphere to
convey the vibrations of sound. But in
space all is silence.

  “Slow down the ship to barely cruising
speed. Circle the stranger at five hundred
miles distance. Radio the two govern-
ment scouts of our discovery. Tell them
to keep circling till further orders. Wait.
Here’s something, Cromwell.”

  With agile fingers Millstein arranged
levers and his phone connection so that
he was receiving direct a message coming
from the ether. A taut but amused grin

spread over his countenance. Cromwell
stared with wondering eyes; he knew his
chief was receiving some highly impor-
tant news. Finally an impetuous nature
could restrain itself no longer.

HAT is it, Chief ? What are you
getting?”

  “Oh, nothing much,” chuckled Mill-
stein. “Just a friendly little message from
the Falcon. The strange space ship is
the ‘Avenger,’ so the Falcon calls it. He
sighted us and is warning me to stay
away.”

  “What does he say?” burst out Crom-
well.

  “Wait a minute,” snapped Millstein.
Then into the mouthpiece of the phone,
“Turn on all protective rays full power.
We may be subject to attack at any mo-
ment.” Then turning to Cromwell, “The
Falcon says about as follows: ‘I’ve lo-
cated you, Millstein, and your three ships.
I’ll give you just five minutes to leave
this part of space, or I’ll blast you out of
existence. I’ve some new weapons to try
out.’ ”

  “Yes, and we’ve got soroe new weapons
to try out also,” broke in Cromwell, now
ready for fight.

  Just then the ‘Nemesis’ shuddered
through its tough, steel frame. The air
vibrated, and there was the faint odor of
short-circuited electrical current.

  “Treachery! Just as I thought!”
snapped Millstein. “He is trying out
some sort of a deadly ray on us. Didn’t
even give us the five minutes, but our
protective screen rays are working fine.”

  “Look!” shouted Cromwell, pointing to
the screen in front of them. “Look at
the government scout ship.”

  Like a tragedy unfolded on a motion
picture screen, a horrible catastrophe was
disclosed to the two. The leading gov-
ernment space fighter that was next to
the ‘Nemesis’ had suddenly exploded
with fearful force. Its millions of frag-
THE VELOCITY OF ESCAPE

69

ments were streaming in all directions
through space. There the fragments
would drift for millions of years, to be-
come satellites to the planet earth.

   “It’s a light to the death,” snarled
 Millstein. “This time the Falcon will not
 escape. - Think of all those poor devils in
 ' the government scout. Jack, radio the
 other scout to retreat a thousand miles.
 Their protective screens are not as strong
 as ours, and no doubt the Falcon has in-
 vented some new, deadly weapon.”

   “No use, Chief,” muttered Cromwell,
 after a busy moment. “Our radio room
 says the other scout doesn’t answer.
 Look!” Cromwell’s finger pointed to the
 screen in front of them. “The other gov-
 ernment ship is disabled. It’s darting for-
 ward out of control!”

 “X/'ES,” muttered Millstein anxiously,
 I “by some devilish means, the Falcon
 has paralyzed or killed every human life
 on the fighter. Thank Heavens we have
 better types of protective screens on this
 craft.”

   “Yes, but our power rooms report that
 all dynamos and machines are being badly
 affected. Perhaps we’d better fly off a
 few thousand miles and reconnoiter.”
 This was Cromwell’s way of taunting
 Millstein to start the combat.

   "Retreat!” grated Millstein. “I'll say
 we won’t. Let’s go. Here’s where we
 fight to the finish!”

CHAPTER IV

The Battle of Space

 BUT Millstein did flash away a thou-
 sand miles from the other ship,
 where he knew the vibrations and
 rays of the “Avenger’s” weapons would
 be lessened in power; but it was not a
 retreat. Merely a strategic move to gain
 time for planning, and to study the enemy
 with powerful telescopes.

  It is difficult to describe a battle of
space ships. Such encounters are strange-
ly unlike the dog-fights of airplanes, that
circle each other, with vicious machine
guns spewing out lead and death. Space
ships in combat circle and dart about each
other a thousand miles apart, testing the
other’s protective screens with destruc-
tive rays and rending vibrations. They
circle and pi tinge about each other like
boxers, trying to exhaust the power of
the other’s weapons. Strange weapons,
those. Rays that burn and explode atoms.
Vibrations that disintegrate metals. Rays
of light, carrying sudden heat, that melt
steels like butter.

   Millstein realized he possessed the fast-
est ship and could thus maneuver more
quickly. In his wisdom and experience
he also knew his immense enemy had
more power. In other words, more ergs
of energy to hurl at him per minute in
various forms. Millstein’s position might
be compared to that of a very skilled
swordsman, armed with a light rapier,
pitted against a herculean athlete, armed
with a heavy cutlass.

  Millstein and Cromwell were both in
their element. Neither spoke. Every
sense was concentrated on their great
task—to annihilate the Falcon. Every
nerve on edge, every cell of their brains
alert. Messages were coming to them
constantly from the various departments
of the ship. Their eyes turned from
gauges to instruments, and to the screens
that were constantly and adroitly turned
by Cromwell to reflect that portion of
space occupied by the Falcon.

  “Give them a shot from one of our
rays,” pleaded Cromwell.

  “No, not yet. They’re using lots of
power now. Did you feel that? For a
moment my senses fairly reeled. I won-
der what strange weapon the Falcon is
trying out on us. Look! It even affects
the space compasses. See how they vi-
brate and oscillate.” Then into one of the
VO

AMAZING STORIES

phones connected to the power room,
“Bill, throw on every atom of power
you've got on all protective screens.
We're being bombarded.”

  Then to Cromwell’s supreme disgust
Millstein ordered the ship into a man-
euver that flung it away from the scene
of conflict a full five hundred miles; at
such a speed the acceleration was very
painful.

  ‘‘Say, what the-”

  Cromwell’s voice was cut off as he
gasped for breath, for Millstein had
stopped the ship so suddenly that de-
celeration almost pushed their bodies
through the instrument table. Then quick
orders, and the ship turned in space so
abruptly that their bodies seemed flat-
tened out. Millstein, the master pilot,
the fighter of spaces, was at his best, for
with full speed, and the maximum endur-
able rate of acceleration, the ‘Nemesis’
plunged toward the Falcon.

  “Are we going to ram him?”

  “No!” shot out Millstein, “but I’m go-
ing to show you some action. Get ready,
Jack. We’re going to give him a taste of
my new ray Number one.”

  “Yes,” muttered Cromwell in delight,
fingering the controls of that deadly wea-
pon. Already he had aligned the muzzle
of the tube that projected the deadly rays
that would reverse the direction of elec-
tricity in its energy flow in any metal
that the ray encountered.

  “Wait!” shouted Millstein, with one of
his sudden inspirations that come to such
geniuses in moments of stress and dan-
ger, “I believe, Jack, that he’s tried that
same weapon on us, so he must have
built up a protective screen. Give him
ray Number two, the disintegrator.”

  It was but the work of a second for
Cromwell to align the tubes of the dis-
integration ray by use of the screen show-
ing so clearly the position of the “Aven-
ger.” An observer seated in the control
room of that marvelous space fighter

would not have realized, except for the
tense and slightly excited mood of the
two men, that a terrific battle of incredi-
ble energies and super-wits was taking
place, except, of course, from the distress
of sudden acceleration and deceleration,
caused by the diving and swooping of
the craft, the sharp commands of Mill-
stein into the various phones, and the
lightning-like play of the pair’s agile fin-
gers like skilled operators at some vast
switchboard.

  Countless billion ergs of energy were
expended by the two space fighters; de-
structive energies, conveyed on deadly
rays, to be partly absorbed, dissipated or
turned aside by protective vibration
screens. The ancient Thor of mytholog-
ical tradition, hurling his thunderbolts of
lightning, would have gloried in such a
conflict.

ET ready,” ordered Millstein.
“When I say the word, bathe them
with the ray.”

  They were flashing ten thousand miles
an hour toward the “Avenger.” Not
much time had elapsed since Millstein had
turned the ship for his daring attack, but
their brains and fingers worked with in-
credible speed, and to the two highly
trained men, the swift seconds were long.
Millstein, carefully watching the gauges
that indicated the strength of the rays
and vibrations of the enemy’s weapons,
shrewdly waited until there was slight
pause in the power registered on the
instruments.

  “Now, Jack, give it to them! Wre’ll
flash by within fifty miles!”

  Cromwell carefully moved the sighting
apparatus, keeping it aligned with the
enemy ship. Comparatively simple, that
pointing, it would have appeared to a
casual observer, for the image of the
enemy ship appeared on the smoked glass
screen of the reflectoscope before Crom-
well, and he had apparently but to point
THE VELOCITY OF ESCAPE

71

an indicator, like tracing a line, to keep
his ray guns aligned. Rut in spite of the
apparent simplicity, there was an infinite
skill and detail; a precise accuracy accom-
plished by Cromwell. He was the best
ray-pointer of space. His keen, brown
eyes held the light of some religious de-
votee, as his agile fingers moved indica-
tor and levers.

  “Good work, Cromwell. I believe
you’ve hit them hard. The gauges show-
ing the power of their weapons are regis-
tering nothing. Maybe we’ve disabled
them. I don’t know, though. We’re up
against the shrewdest brain all the uni-
verse. It may be a trick.”

  Again that strange, intuitive sense of
warning came to Millstein, and in a sud-
den decision he turned the ship and shot
away with a frightful velocity that tested
even the skill of Cromwell to keep the
ray tubes aligned on the other ship.

  Then a most amazing, near-catastrophe
occurred! On the screen before them
appeared the government space ship that
had dashed off into space, coming straight
toward them! It was only by an insanely
quick maneuver that Millstein avoided the
berserk craft.

  “Great Scott!” muttered Millstein,
“did you see that, Cromwell? The gov-
ernment ship is running amuck. Radio
officers says they don’t reply to our sig-
nals. The ship is circling the heavens in
weird, uncontrolled circles at full velocity.
I’ve an idea. The Falcon has devised
some sort of a devilish ray or vibration
that has made the commander and men
of the ship insane. Perhaps he has gained
control of their minds by some hypnosis
or mental projection, and caused the gov-
ernment commander to think we’re his
enemy. You know the Falcon is an adept
in mental control. Watch carefully,
Cromwell. The government space ship
tried to ram us. We have two ships to
fight now. We have-”

  Millstein’s voice trailed off as the air

about them fairly crackled with some
fierce energy. The gauges registered
crazily, and some showed no reading
whatever. With a great mental struggle
Millstein roused himself and hastily
slapped Cromwell smartly on either side
of his face.

  “Snap into it, Cromwell. We didn’t
hurt the Falcon much. He just gave us
a sample of some new, horrible weapon.
Do you know I believe he has fumbled on
my idea of the vibration ray carried along
a stream of light. I’m still tingling.”

“T’M Okay now, Chief, but I feel as

  A though a million hornets had stung
me.”

  Millstein noted with great relief that
the instruments were now registering
normally, and again he turned the ship
to swoop toward the Falcon. They had
rocketed away from the enemy a full two
thousand miles in the last maneuver.

  For a few minutes he drove his attack
at an angle.

  “Keep a sharp lookout for the crazy
government ship,” telephoned Millstein
to another part of the space ship. “Keep
full power on all protective screens.
Have the emergency crew inspect the en-
tire ship and report back. Give me report
on our energy-storage and let each man
be prepared against unusual body
stresses.”

  As they neared the ‘Avenger’ the
‘Nemesis’ began to shudder, the air to
vibrate, and for a few moments Millstein
studied the gauges carefully.

  “Well, here’s something, Cromwell,
that will delight your heart. The energy
rays of the “Avenger’s” weapons are not
registering so strongly. We are depleting
even their vast power plants. Of course
it may be a trick.”

  “Careful!” shouted Cromwell. “There
comes the government Scout again, ap-
proaching us from the rear, twenty-five
degrees to the starboard.”
72

AMAZING STORIES

  Again it took all of the shrewd and
trained flying instinct of Millstein to
avoid the plunging government scout.

  “There’s no question about it. The
Falcon has obtained mental control of the
government scout. Our disintegration ray
is a failure. Apparently the Falcon has
some sort of a screen. Wait, here comes
a message from Number ten power room.
Great Scott, Cromwell! Engineer Kelly
reports three of his men have suddenly
gone crazy, and he has had to knock them
out with a paralyzing ray pistol. Don’t
you see, Jack, the cursed fiend has de-
vised some way to shoot a ray of energy
that affects one’s mentality. In some mys-
terious way the Falcon can project his
evil mind and dominate that of a weaker
one. Well, here goes.”

  With that Millstein became a fiend him-
self, a madman obsessed with the idea
of removing this menace to civilization.
The fast space ship dove and plunged
and shot out deadly rays at its larger
enemy. Many times it barely avoided the
plunging rushes of the government scout.
Millstein spoke no word. His fingers
played over the instrument with incredi-
ble speed and certainty. All weapons
were brought into play, and with incom-
prehensible skill the larger ship was
bathed and bombarded with every kind
of destructive ray, of vibration, heat and
energy. It was plain that the enormous
power of the “Avenger” was growing
weaker. Finally, after hours of risky,
daring evolutions and shrewd dodging of
the whirling government scout ship, Mill-
stein glanced at Cromwell. There was a
strained expression on Millstein’s face,
the look of an athlete winning a mara-
thon race, but not finished, for in the
coal black eyes there was implacable de-
termination. Don Millstein was not
defeated.

ROMWELL,” his voice was almost
mechanical in its coldness and

tenseness, “we’ve just one more card to
play. I’ll dive close to the Falcon at full
speed. As I come to within one hundred
miles, I’ll start to make a swooping orbit
around his ship.”

  “One hundred miles!” exclaimed Crom-
well. “That’s too close, Chief. We-”

  “We have only one shot left in our
locker,” interrupted Millstein. My three
new weapons have failed, even the beam
of rays, that slow up the electronic speed
within atoms to produce absolute zero.
I had counted on that weapon.”

  “Going to give them Number four,
Chief? The shrill sound vibrations?”
“Yes,” snarled Millstein. “That’s the
reason I want to go that close to make
the force as strong as possible. I don’t
think the Falcon has thought of this
weapon.”

  The daring evolution was safely exe-
cuted, although the sturdy little craft
trembled and vibrated with the power of
destructive rays in which it was literally
bathed by the ‘Avenger’ as it circled at
full speed.

  It was characteristic of Millstein when
he looked up, after shooting away to a
safer distance, although his last weapon
had failed, that there was no discourage-
ment on his lean face.

  “Well, Jack, the Falcon had even
thought of that. He has a protective
screen against our sound vibrations, and
it must be a good one.”

  Cromwell, brave as Theseus slaying
the Minotaur, spoke without a tremor in
his voice.

  “Chief, let’s ram them.”

  For a moment Millstein sat silent, con-
sidering mightily.

  “No, Jack. That won’t do. I’ve an
idea. You know in my past encounters
with the Falcon, I have discovered his
one weak point. I mean his egotistical
pride. He is vain and boastful of his
physical valour. He is a mighty man in
strength and thinks that he can outdo any
THE VELOCITY OF ESCAPE

73

other human with primitive weapons. I
believe I can trap him.”

  “What are you going to do?” asked
Cromwell in an awed voice.

  “I’m going to challenge him to a duel.
Here, radio this message. ‘To the Falcon.
I, Donald Millstein, challenge you to a
duel with swords. My ship is unharmed.
If you do not accept, I am going to ram
you. Thus both of us and all our men
will perish. I dare you to don your space
suit and meet me. Bring no weapon but
propulsion pistols and one sabre. I will
bring my ship to within five miles of
yours. We will each leave our ships and
fight it out in space. May the best man
win. (Signed) Your sworn enemy, Mill-
stein/ ”

  Cromwell choked a bit, but his voice
rang strong and steady as he sent the
message. In a few moments came the
reply, short and tense.

  “Terms accepted. Get ready, my en-
emy. I am coming gladly. (Signed) The
Falcon.”

CHAPTER V

A Strange Duel

“T KNEW that ruse would work,”
exulted Millstein. “The Falcon is
“*■ very proud of his skill with the
swords. In Russia he gained quite a
reputation as a duelist. It is said that
a dozen men died before his deadly
blades. That challenge to his pride is his
weak point.”

  While Millstein was talking, he was be-
ing assisted into the heavy and bulky
space suit. The heavy suit, made of pres-
sure resisting material, encased his body
like a huge diving outfit. The material
was of sufficient tensile strength to pre-
vent the vacuum of space from expanding
his body. Also it was air tight that the
precious oxygen stored in small cylinders
inside the space suit could not escape, ex-

cept that portion used by Millstein, and
allowed to escape through the release
valve. In fact the space suit was strangely
similar to the cumbersome armor used by
deep sea divers. The metal part of the
suit was made of an extremely light but
very tough metal. Its composition was
similar to the aluminum alloys of many
years past. The inside of the suit was
lined with gold-beaters skin. Very
strange that these scientists of a super
age would go to nature for such a mate-
rial, but the gold beaters skin was found
to be an excellent material to control
leakage. It is the outer membrane of the
large intestine of the ox.

  The suit was provided with small
atomic energizers to produce heat, for in
the absolute zero of space the occupant
of a space suit would freeze in an instant
unless artificially warmed.

  It was with great difficulty that Mill-
stein, in spite of his extraordinary
strength, moved about when he had
donned the suit. Just before screwing on
the helmet, Cromwell made another
earnest plea.

  “Let me go in your place, Chief.
You’re too important to lose your life in
this fool stunt. The Falcon won’t know
the difference. The space suit will dis-
guise me. Let me go out and cross swords
with the devil. Anyway, I think he will
send a substitute. He’s too smart to risk
his neck.”

  “No, Jack. This is my affair. I believe
I can overcome the Falcon. Your duty
is here at the ship, and don’t you worry
about the Falcon coming himself. My
hunch about his sensitive pride is a good
one.”

  With that Millstein clumped forward
into a round airlock in the side of the
ship. Writh a resigned sigh, Cromwell
placed in Millstein’s awkward-looking
hand, that was clumsily gloved with
strangely flexible metals, a heavy old-
fashioned army cutlass.
74

AMAZING STORIES

HIEF, I've sharpened that meat
knife till it's like a razor. Don’t
get too close to the Falcon. Try and
pierce his suit and let his oxygen out.
Goodbye, Chief. Good luck!”

  “Wait a minute,” laughed Millstein,
“you act like I’m going out to meet his
satanic majesty. I’m coming back. But
—but—Jack, if I don’t come back, do
the best you can with the ship. You’ll
be in full command in case anything hap-
pens to me. And don’t forget this. If
the Falcon should overpower me, and if
because of any treachery on the part of
the enemy ship I should be captured, you
know what to do. You know that trick
we talked over, the emergency ruse.
Screw the helmet on.”

  Millstein pushed forward to the end of
the steel lock that was like an iron coffin.
There he adjusted his oxygen valves and
tested the heat generators. Perspiration
instantly streamed from his body, and he
turned the apparatus off, realizing it was
operating efficiently. He could not speak
now, for the helmet was tight over his
head, but through its clear quartz lens he
winked insultingly at the anxious Crom-
well. With a nod of his head, Millstein
signalled for the inner lock-door to be
closed. Cromwell turned the lever, and a
serrated door of the toughest steel, two
feet thick, slowly closed in front of
Cromwell, leaving a perfectly smooth
wall.

  Cromwell yearned with all the fiery
ardor of his adventurous young heart and
an adoring love for his chief to be in the
struggle to come. His duty was to re-
main as instructed, and with grim deter-
mination depicted upon his countenance,
he pushed another lever. This he knew
opened the outer steel door of the lock,
and Millstein was free to push out into
the vast void of endless space.

  Millstein, wise to the uncanny condi-
tions of space, gave a slight push against
the wall of the airlock and almost in-

stantly was several hundred feet from the
‘Nemesis.’ It was a strange sensation
floating out in that vast void, while the
“Nemesis” and the “Avenger” were
“standing still.” In reality the whole
mass, in fact all the universe is moving
in one direction at a vast rate of speed.
But as each object in space retains its
relative position unless given inertia, it
appeared to Millstein that the two ships
and himself were motionless. He slowly
raised his right arm that held the sabre.
The structure of the material that cov-
ered and protected that strong arm was
extremely heavy, and Millstein moved
like a figure on a slow motion picture
screen.

  For a moment or two he practised
wielding the sword, for he knew his life
depended upon his skill and quickness
with that weapon. The movement of
raising his arm caused his body to turn
over out of balance, so that his face was
away from the enemy ship. That would
not do. Swinging the sword violently in
the opposite direction, he succeeded in
turning his grotesque looking body. In
space an object will move forever at the
rate of its initial inertia. This is because
of the complete vacuum, no air and no
resistance. In space acceleration and its
rate are affected only by the mass of the
body to be accelerated. This effect is due
to what is termed inertia. Etymologically
speaking, inertia can be termed the “lazi-
ness of matter," for in human life laziness
is sometimes the deadest kind of resis-
tance.

    OW that Millstein was out of the
**■ ^ space ship, he had to be extremely
careful not to accelerate any movement
too quickly. Tests on earth had shown
that humans could attain a speed of two
hundred and fifty miles an hour in one
second of acceleration without injury,
providing the person was in perfect phys-
ical condition. The principal danger that
THE VELOCITY OF ESCAPE

75

confronted Millstein in his coming duel
with the Falcon was the risk of sudden
turning while travelling at high speed.
This would generate centrifugal force, an
effect similar to that of acceleration, and
which has a tendency to drive the blood
violently from one side to the other, and
risking the rupture of blood vessels. But
the learned and skilled scientist was
aware of all these hazards.

   Once more he checked off the condition
of his oxygen valves and heat units and
found them to be operating perfectly.
Then he looked carefully toward the
cigar-like shape of the mighty “Avenger.”
After a few moments his eyes made out
a tiny figure floating between himself and
the enemy ship.

  “The Falcon!"

   With his left hand Millstein pulled one
of the propulsion pistols from his belt
and fired it in a direction exactly opposite
from that portion of space occupied by
the Falcon. Instantly Millstein’s body shot
forward, and for a moment his breath
came painfully. Clumsily, like a man
trying to pick up a thin dime with boxing
gloves, he adjusted the energy charge of
the pistol by means of a large-handled
screw on the side of the pistol.

   “Charges are too strong/’ he muttered.

  The propulsion pistols were not wea-
pons of offense or defense. They were
simply the means of propulsion in space.
By firing the pistol, which discharged a
very small burst of atomic energy rays,
its recoil pushed Millstein in the desired
direction. Inasmuch as he would move
forever at the rate of his initial inertia,
it was necessary to stop by firing a charge
in the opposite direction.

  Again he looked toward the “Avenger”
and noted that the other human figure, if
it could be termed a human figure, was
now very much closer. This was to be
the supreme test of Millstein’s flashing
career. He realized full well the des-
perate odds against the success of this

encounter. He was keenly aware of the
mental powers and resources of his clever
antagonist.

  Glancing about in four dimensions and
searching the void carefully, he could see
no trace of the government scout ship,
that had been plunging dizzily about in
the sky.

  “That’s positive proof,” muttered Mill-
stein, “that the government scout-ship
Commander’s brain is under the control
of the Falcon.”

  Glancing again toward the rapidly ap-
proaching figure of his opponent, Mill-
stein could see the other was advancing
warily, circling as if to study his foe and
plan a proper attack. Then a very clever
thought came to the young scientist. For
a few moments he closed his eyes and
concentrated his mind on the task before
him, summoning to his immediate control
all his mental faculties and physical en-
ergies. He made his mind a complete
negative as far as all other problems were
concerned. For the moment he forgot
his own space ship, the ‘Nemesis/ Crom-
well and the brave men he had left be-
hind. In moments of great emergencies
Millstein always followed this rule, for
he knew his enemy, vast and far-reaching
though his intellect was, would have an
incredible amount of detail on his mind.

  It was well that Millstein suddenly
opened his eyes after his mental concen-
tration, for scuttling toward him at terri-
fic velocity came the huge, crab-like figure
of the Falcon. Shrewdly and tensely
Millstein awaited the bull-like charge.
Then at the last split second, propelled by
a heavy charge from his propulsion pis-
tol, he barely eluded the fearless rush of
the other.

  “That was close!” muttered Millstein.

  Like two grotesque crustaceans,
weighed down with the vast pressure of
a mighty but transparent water, the two
fighters maneuvered. Their attacks and
dodges were surprisingly quick, yet their
76

AMAZING STORIES

arms moved with painful slowness—
moved like Sisyphus toiling up the eternal
mountain. Time after time the Falcon
charged, but always Millstein dodged like
a very clever bull fighter, who slips aside
when it seems he will be impaled upon
the horns of a furious bull.

  Millstein was employing a very clever
plan of attack. He was saving his
strength. The effort of moving heavily
protected arms and legs took a tremen-
dous lot of energy in the mysterious realm
of nothing. Millstein wisely figured that
the Falcon was using up his propulsion
pistol charges very rapidly. It was a
soundless battle. If either spoke or cursed,
the sounds only thundered in their own
ears.

  Suddenly as the Falcon was circling
for another charge, Millstein keeping his
propulsion pistol well concealed, fired a
sudden blast, and was hurtled directly to-
ward the Falcon. It was a propitious
moment for Millstein’s attack, as the Fal-
con's body was turned in air so that he
could not present his sword in defense.
For a moment it looked as though they
would collide, and the Falcon be pierced
through and through, for Millstein held
his heavy blade directly in front of him.
He did not try to wield or swing it, for
it might have turned his body, and he
might then be placed in a position where
he could not defend himself. It was a
bitter moment for Millstein, who had
waited long and patiently through the
weird struggle for this moment. The
Falcon could not raise his pistol in time
to fire and dodge away, but he succeeded
in meeting the attack, and with a move-
ment that must have taken incredible
strength, swung up his sword and parried
the thrust of Millstein’s sword.

  Up to this time the movements of the
combat had been comparatively slow, but
now they seemed to move about like two
infuriated monsters of the deep ocean.
As Millstein plunged by his enemy in a

sudden charge, he immediately twisted to
protect his rear. To his consternation the
Falcon was directly behind him and forc-
ing his acceleration at a dangerous rate.
It was then that Millstein displayed the
peak of his fighting skill and bravery.

  Shrewdly noting his position, he fired
several atomic blasts against the direc-
tion of his travel, holding the pistol to
one side that his body might be turned to
meet his foe. He was infuriated. It was
to be a battle to the death. Humanity
would be well served if Millstein could
die and wipe out the dangerous Falcon.

THEY were together! Millstein found
his chance, and risking all, he re-
leased his hold on his propulsion pistol,
and with his strong left hand grasped
the left shoulder of the other. They were
too close now to use their swords, and
as they slowly turned, clutched together,
the evil eyes of the Falcon glared through
his quartz lenses into Millstein’s eyes.

  Millstein suddenly felt a great pulling
at his right shoulder and saw that the
Falcon had also released his propulsion
pistol and grasped him with his clumsy
hand. Millstein knew he must act quickly,
for he could feel the fearful strength of
the other trying to twist his arm and tear
his space suit. Like a man in a dream,
he watched the sword arm of the Falcon
creep upward and raise the sword point.
The clever Russian was maneuvering his
shorter weapon that he might pierce Mill-
stein’s space suit.

  Millstein suddenly felt as though a
deadly gas had entered his brain—that
he did not care what happened. Stub-
bornly he fought against this sluggish-
ness, for he knew that the Russian was
trying to use a hypnotic or mental influ-
ence. After a moment’s concentration,
while he watched the point of the sword
slowly move upward, a great mental and
physical strength came to Millstein; he
knew that he was the other’s master.
THE VELOCITY OF ESCAPE

77

  Concentrating all his muscular effort
and energy into one mighty effort, he
struck violently with the hilt of his sword
at the wrist of the Falcon. It was a des-
perate blow, and while the movement
seemed to travel with infinite slowness,
yet the heavy heel of the cutlass struck
the Russian’s arm with stunning force
long before the point of the deadly sword
crept upward to Millstein’s body. With
a great exultation Millstein saw the heavy
cutlass of the Falcon drift away from a
grasping hand, and soon the sharp wea-
pon was many feet away from them.

  Millstein had conquered the Falcon, but
he must be careful, infinitely careful, for
he knew full well the vast resources and
treachery of the distorted mind. As
quickly as possible and still holding his
mental concentration, Millstein raised the
point of his cutlass and inserted its sharp
point under the shoulder plate of the
other’s space suit. The Falcon glared
with malicious hatred into Millstein’s
eyes. The Falcon was defeated, for with
a powerful, cutting thrust, Millstein’s
sword could be slipped through the
armor’s joint and allow the oxygen in the
Falcon’s space suit to escape.

BUT the evil powers of the Falcon
were not expended. Still grinning
with a horrible hate, he raised his right
hand sluggishly above his head. It was
some sort of a signal! A terrific tingling
broke out over Millstein’s body. His
mind became numbed. His muscles would
not function.

  Treachery! They were sending out a
powerful, paralyzing ray from the “Aven-
ger” upon seeing that the Falcon had
been defeated.

  Millstein made a desperate mental
struggle against this terror. It seemed that
he was slipping into a dark abyss of ob-
livion—slipping with clutching fingers
that would not hold at an icy, slippery
precipice. Thanatos—the god of Death—

brother of sleep—was clutching for him.

  Just as Millstein’s mind slipped into
unconsciousness, he saw a tiny space
fighter shoot from the “Avenger’s” stern,
and he realized with a last hopeless con-
sciousness that, through treachery, he had
been defeated by the Falcon.

CHAPTER VI

The Falcon Gloats

DON MILLSTEIN struggled pain-
fully back to the realm of con-
sciousness. The uncanny instinct
that had carried him safely through many
incredible perils, functioned even before
his brain had cleared away the deadly fog.

  Slowly memory returned to him. The
weird battle of swords in space—how he
had overpowered the Falcon; a realiza-
tion of the trickery and treachery used to
overcome him. He was lying on some
soft substance, probably a couch, and now
knew he was a captive on board the
“Avenger.” Millstein kept his eyes closed,
while his still reeling brain recovered
normality.

  He decided he would pretend he was
unconscious, until his strength had fully
returned. He could plainly feel that the
space suit had been removed from his
body. He wondered if he was bound, but
did not dare to move as a test.

  He heard a voice close by; the cruel,
harsh voice of the Falcon!

  “Millstein will recover in a few mo-
ments. The paralyzing rays must have
hit him severely. I could feel them in
spite of the protective screen I had.”

  Millstein yearned to spring to his feet
and strike the Falcon down as he heard
the foul treachery disclosed in a cool,
hard voice. He lay quiet, his agile brain
scheming—planning—every sense alert.
The harsh voice of the Falcon again
grated loudly giving technical instructions
to some member of his crew.
78

AMAZING STORIES

  “And see that the lenses that convert
the cosmic rays are adjusted that the
changed rays strike the earth from lati-
tude forty to sixty as the cursed planet
revolves.”

  There was an insane chuckle in the
Falcon’s voice as he continued.

  “That path will pla^ the changed rays
over London, Germany, Russia, Salt Lake
City, Chicago, New York and Boston. If
only Millstein had not discovered what I
am doing. Another six months, and the
world will be mine; a dead, lifeless globe.
Then after all life has ceased, I will re-
store the oxygen strata. Then, my chil-
dren, we will take earth. I will be the
supreme ruler. I will start a new civili-
zation.”

  Millstein controlled himself with great
difficulty, but succeeded, when the im-
portant information he was seeking came
from the lips of the Falcon. Millstein’s
nerves tensed for an ordeal when he
heard the Falcon drawing closer. Finally
he could feel the Russian’s hot breath on
his cheek, as a rough finger pulled his
eyelid down for examination. A shrewd,
calculating look crept into the Russian's
face as he placed two fingers upon Mill-
stein’s wrist. Millstein made a strong
mental effort to control his heart action,
but he knew his pulse had accelerated and
that his simulation of unconsciousness
was discovered.

  “Ah, so!” exulted the Falcon. “The
great Millstein, the world’s hero, feigns
unconsciousness like a cowardly ’pos-
sum. Come, my enemy. I want a little
talk with you!”

REALIZING that his subterfuge was
discovered, Millstein rose to a
sitting posture on the couch. Deliberately
and coolly he executed a great, gaping
yawn, like a man awakened from a long
and hearty sleep. He was dealing with
an insane man and decided he would
humor him in every possible way.

  Millstein felt that although the Falcon
was cruel and remorseless, his own life
was safe; at least for the time being. He
reasoned Cromwell would not attack with
the ‘Nemesis’ for fear of in jurying him.

  Simulating a vast nonchalance, Mill-
stein sat back comfortably on the couch
and looked squarely and fearlessly into
the blazing eyes of his enemy. He could
feel the hypnotic influence of those bright,
evil orbs, but confident in the strength of
his own powers he gazed unflinchingly.
After a moment the Falcon spoke in a
sneering tone.

  “The great Millstein is brave, but be-
fore I am finished you will wish you
could die.”

  Millstein planned to again attack the
weak spot in the Falcon’s armor—his
egotism.

  “Fine ship you have, Verensky,” from
Millstein appraisingly, as he glanced
coolly about the well arranged little room.
He tried a daring thrust.

  “I suppose your ship has some ap-
paratus that’s changing the cosmic ray
vibrations before they reach earth.”

  It required all of Millstein’s courage
and fortitude to remain unflinching as
the Falcon sprang forward, drawing
from his belt a deadly ray gun. On the
Russian’s face was a demoniacal expres-
sion. His eyes blazed hate and anger,
and for a moment he lost his composure
and caution.

  “So!” he snarled, “you think you have
discovered what I am doing? Well, you
will never profit by it. You can’t stop me.
I will not be stopped! I have you in my
power. I have a fate in store for you
more terrible than even your clever imag-
ination can picture. I am going to rule
the world!” The Falcon’s voice rose to
a berserk scream.

“ A FTER I have conquered the world.

I will conquer the other planets.
Come with me! I will show you the de-
THE VELOCITY OF ESCAPE

79

vice that changes the cosmic rays. There’s
no risk in showing you. You will live,
but I will rule your brain!”

  Millstein rose to his feet, scarcely able
to restrain his eagerness. He had taunted
the Falcon into a reckless anger, and ap-
parently he was going to see the device.
His mind raced. Perhaps he could de-
stroy the device that changed the cosmic
rays. First, however, he must see how
it was constructed. Cleverly he fanned
the flame of the Russian’s anger.

  “Verensky, I think you are bluffing.
My reference to the cosmic rays was but
a ruse. As far as my personal safety is
concerned, do what you like. I would not
expect you to play fair after our space
battle with swords. By the way, Veren-
sky, I have heard you’re very clever with
the blades. Why not give me the satis-
faction of crossing swords with you right
now in this room?”

  With a crafty look on his face, the
Russian’s sudden rage in a great measure
dissipated, and his usual cunning re-
turned.

  “You are indeed clever, my enemy. Oh,
no! I will not fight a duel with you. I
have other plans. You are going to be
one of my lieutenants.”

  “What!” exclaimed Millstein. “I work
with you—the most dangerous criminal
in all the universe? It’s a war to the
death, Verensky, and while you have me
in your power, I would advise you to kill
me.”

  Millstein was cleverly trying to lead
out from the Falcon some idea as to his
fate.

  “But I am not going to kill you,”
laughed the Falcon in derision. “I am
going to obtain control of your mind and
take from your brain all its information,
just as I would squeeze a sponge.”
Millstein could see the anger rising in
the crazed criminal.

  “You can’t get control of my mind by
hypnosis or any other method,” stated

Millstein in an insulting tone. “My will-
power is stronger than yours.”

  The Russian trembled with rage, but
in a short second gained control of his
emotions, and Millstein’s blood ran cold
at the deadly tone in his enemy’s voice.

  “Yes, of course, Millstein. Your brain
is strong. Your will is mighty. That’s
the reason I want them.” Insane chuckles
came from the corded throat of the giant
Russian. “Don't you see, my fine, heroic
altruist—you who pose as the savior of
the world—you who bask in the warm
light of the public favor. Don’t you see,
fool? I want your brain because it is a
fine brain. In your present condition you
could resist my hypnotic influence for
some time, but I have methods of my
own. These men standing back of you
with drawn weapons are under my influ-
ence. See the dull, meaningless stare in
their eyes, their hopeless expressions. I
own their souls! I do their thinking. I
am their brains. They are mine!”

  With that the Russian beat his breast
with mighty blows.

  “I am the Falcon!”

     ILLSTEIN turned and looked in-
•* tently at three tall, strong men
who stood directly at his back with drawn
ray guns. They were like mechanical
men, yet depicted upon their countenances
was a tense watchfulness. Millstein knew
the slightest movement on his part to
attack the Falcon would mean his instant
death. He turned again to the Russian,
who was continuing his wild oration.
Millstein was gaining valuable informa-
tion and continued to taunt the Russian
in the hope he might see the apparatus
affecting the cosmic rays.

  “Well, why don’t you go ahead and
try to hypnotize me?” goaded Millstein.

  The Falcon studied Millstein intently
for some moments, then he came closer,
wringing his hands like a miser counting
gold pieces.
AMAZING STORIES

  “Not yet, my enemy, not yet. There is
a way to weaken your resistance. You
will go without food for many days.
When the body weakens, eventually the
will-power weakens. Then, too, you shall
have a very special treatment. You shall
have heshi, the drug that I discovered on
Venus. A nice big dose twice a day, and
after a week you will not have will-power
enough to claim your own soul. It will
be mine.”

  It spoke well for Millstein’s courage
that he showed not the slightest fear at
the mention of heshi. He knew of that
fiendish drug that weakened men’s resis-
tance, stupefying the brain and causing
them to be subservient to a stronger will.
The Falcon had no suspicion of the tu-
mult in Millstein’s breast as the young
scientist laughed.

  “I should not think the great Falcon
would have to resort to a drug to best his
enemies. Where is your boasted power?
I am amused.” Then Millstein tried a
bolder play. “I do not believe you have
any machine or device to affect the cos-
mic rays.”

  “All right!” snarled the Russian. “You
shall see, and then you will be confined
and start your education as a drug ad-
dict.”

  The Falcon gave instruction to the
three guards in some strange language,
and the mechanical men instantly formed
behind Millstein. The group progressed
through a long corridor and passed many
rooms filled with whirling machinery and
active operators.

  Millstein was impressed with the mag-
nitude of the ship. He yearned to ask
the Falcon where the ship had been built.
It must have taken years to construct
such a craft. Trained though he was in
the operation and mechanical features of
space ships, yet there were many devices
and machines unfamiliar to Millstein.

  Finally, turning through a side corri-
dor, they came to a balcony that over-

looked a room of circular shape, some
five hundred feet in diameter. In this
room were hundreds of intricate ma-
chines—dynamos, condensers and various
kinds of complex electrical devices. The
Falcon stared into that vast, circular room
filled with whirling machinery with the
look of a religious devotee worshipping
an idol. His thin, cruel lips drooled an
insane prayer of hate and vengeance, as
though the Devil were praying. With his
vicious eyes bulging from their sockets,
he glared at Millstein.

  “There it is, my enemy. For years I
have worked. Look at my marvelous ma-
chines whirling—breaking up atoms—
—changing vibrations!”

  Millstein did not reply. His keen mind
strove to analyze the devilish machines in
the mighty room. He noted one incredi-
bly large dynamo with a giant flywheel
revolving at terrific speed. This dynamo
was connected to a long series of ma-
chines that appeared to be huge trans-
formers. The air in the center of the
room was filled with blue and violet rays.
These color rays seemed to form like a
large cloud that weaved and contorted
about the room, twisting and whirling in
a mighty whirlpool of energy. It would
expand and assume grotesque shapes, us-
ually rounded like some protoplasm. Mill-
stein knew he could not analyze the
apparatus without a close and lengthy ex-
amination, and he felt sure that the Fal-
con would give him no technical infor-
mation. He regretted that he had not
concealed some high-powered explosive
to hurl among the machines.

ICE little workshop,” he com-
mented, “but those machines can’t
affect the cosmic rays. It’s ridiculous!”

  For a moment the Russian swelled with
red rage, then his caution gained the up-
per hand.

  “I must be careful. You are clever,
but I will not tell you how it’s done.
THE VELOCITY OF ESCAPE

81

I won’t! I won’t!” His voice rose to a
scream. “I’ll tell you this much. This
apparatus is built in the center of my
space ship. This room is five hundred
feet across. It changes the cosmic rays
as they flash toward earth. The great
lenses at the top of the ship focus them
to the center, where the interesting little
ball of color rays gives them my secret
treatment. Then the changed rays are re-
fracted and transmitted through the
lenses in the bottom of the ship. The
converted rays go on to earth, where they
do queer tricks with oxygen electrons. I
have been unable to change the cosmic
rays to affect other elements as they do
oxygen. But I am working on that, and
you are going to help me. You have a
fine mind. When I’ve gained control of
it, you are going to be my assistant. You
have a lot of knowledge I can use. Come
now, Millstein. You are going to be
locked in a cell and the only food you
will get is the pleasant drug.”

   “There is just one thing you have over-
looked,” shot out Millstein defiantly. “I
left instruction with my space ship to
attack in two hours if anything happened
to me.”

   “Is that so?” sneered the Russian, “and
you prate about treachery.” He laughed
long and loudly. “In two hours, you said,
my enemy. You don’t know how long
you were under the effects of the paralyz-
ing ray. Listen! You have been on board
the ‘Avenger’ for twelve hours!”

  Millstein made no reply, but in his
dark, brave eyes crept a more determined
expression.

CHAPTER VII

A Mental Duel

THE Falcon led the way back along
the corridor until Millstein knew
they must be close to the stern of
the mighty ‘Avenger.’ Millstein was

desperate, and he hastened his steps
closer to the rapidly striding Verensky.
It seemed, however, that the Falcon could
see through the back of his head, for
without turning and grunting out a hor-
rible chuckle, he gave quick orders to
the bodyguard directly behind Millstein.
The guard moved up closer, and two rap-
idly stepped in front of Millstein so that
he was practically surrounded. As they
walked along Millstein looked intently
into each room. He was fixing in his
mind the plan of the ship.

   The resourceful young scientist had
often been in desperate situations, but
none so hopeless as the present. In each
room or compartment he could see robot
men working on intricate machinery. The
‘Avenger’ was without question a
mighty space fighter equipped with every
possible means of offense and defense.

   An officer who appeared to be of a
higher mental type than the others came
out from one of the side corridors and
spoke respectfully to the Falcon. On the
officer’s face was the same vacant, set
expression, but his features were more
finely chiselled, and it was plain he pos-
sessed more initiative than the others.
Still the resigned, hopeless expression in
the dull eyes showed the mind belonged
to the Falcon.

   “Great Cosmos!” muttered Millstein,
“the Falcon has all his officers and crew
under mental domination. He takes no
chance of treachery or disobedience.”

   Then he dared a few more rapid steps
that he might hear what the officer was
conveying to the Falcon. Whatever the
message was Millstein never knew, for
the conversation was in a strange tongue;
but whatever it was the Falcon was great-
ly pleased, for he turned to chuckle gloat-
ingly at hia prisoner.

   “Here’s some news for you, my enemy.
My radio officer reports that for some
hours there has been no message coming
from your ship. Just for your informa-
82

AMAZING STORIES

tion I’ll say we have been turning a new,
deadly ray on your ship. It is one of my
new weapons, and I know that your ship
has no protective screens for this ray.”
The crazed Russian beat his breast like
an infuriated gorilla. “No one but the
Falcon would have thought of it. It took
me two years to perfect it. I have pro-
duced a high sound-vibration that travels
along a beam of light and instantly para-
lyzes every human within the radius of
its active range. Your men will be un-
conscious and disabled for many hours.
The weaker ones will die. Some brains
disintegrate from the terrific vibrations.
I killed a hundred men before I perfected
it. But what is a man’s life compared to
the plans of the Falcon? I, who will rule
the world and all the planets.”

/COURAGEOUS and quick-witted
though he was, Millstein nearly be-
trayed his sudden exultation. There was
now a desperate hope;:a fighting chance!
He knew the Falcon had discovered the
sound vibration ray, the same he had him-
self perfected. His heart bounded with
a wild hope. He knew Cromwell was
playing the trick—the daring ruse they
had used before in seemingly hopeless
situations!

  “Of course,” Millstein reasoned, “the
Falcon, having discovered the sound vi-
bration ray, has no doubt built up a pro-
tective screen for the same ray if used
against his ‘Avenger.’ That’s the reason
my weapon did not affect the ‘Avenger.’ ”

  A most disturbing thought came into
his mind. Perhaps Cromwell had forgot-
ten to turn on the defensive screens to
neutralize rays and vibrations. Perhaps
his gallant lieutenant had been lured into
a sense of false security during the battle
of swords in space. Millstein instantly
put the thought aside as unworthy; Crom-
well had never failed him in any detail.
He suddenly felt confident that his young
lieutenant was trying the ruse they had

used before—an incredibly simple, yet
strangely effective strategy.

  The Falcon’s cruel heart was gladdened
to note Millstein’s look of dejection be-
cause of the startling information about
the paralyzing ray. A most clever bit of
acting. To the Falcon it seemed Mill-
stein was making an effort to appear non-
chalant—not to show he was greatly
perturbed.

  “Ah ha!” croaked the Falcon. “That
gets under your skin. I warned you not
to interfere with my plans. Now you are
my prisoner with a horrible fate in the
future for you. Your fine space fighter
is disabled; your men paralyzed. I have
destroyed one of the government scout
ships. I have gained control of the com-
mander’s brains in the other. Now do
you know what I am going to do ? I am
going to order the commander in the
government space ship to dash his craft
into the ‘Nemesis.’ ”

  A sudden partial sanity returned to the
Falcon.

  “No! No!” he screamed, his lips work-
ing crazily. “That would not do. That
is foolish—is it not, Millstein ? I can use
both those ships in my warfare against
earth. I shall take them back to-”

  Millstein had been listening intently—
eagerly—for he had gained important in-
formation from the rambling Russian.
He had admitted the government space
ship was under his mental control and
had nearly told Millstein where his vast
workshop was located. Millstein now
knew the Falcon’s mighty factories were
on some dead or unknown planet far be-
yond the solar planetary system—some
uncanny place in the endless realms of si-
lent space, where the fantastical plans of
a distorted mind were developed. Again
a surge of confidence swept over Mill-
stein like an engulfing wave, to give him
a mighty confidence in his own powers.
By some uncanny instinct he knew he
was the mental master of the Falcon, that
THE VELOCITY OF ESCAPE

83

his wits were keener, his will more
powerful. He tried another rare strategy.

  “But no one knows how to operate the
‘Nemesis’ but myself. Its controls are
known only to myself and to my brave
lieutenant, Cromwell, who is now para-
lyzed.”

  With that Millstein managed to look
very sad and hopeless as he continued.

  “You will never use the ‘Nemesis/
Verensky, for built within its compart-
ments are explosives, and any attempt
to operate it by one not knowing the con-
cealed secret devices would blast it into
eternity.”

“T THINK you lie!” snarled the Fal-
    con.

  “Oh, very well. Think as you like,”
taunted Millstein, “but you will never use
the ‘Nemesis.’ Why don't you go over
and try to operate the ship ?”

  This last bolt struck a responsive cord
in the Russian’s twisted mentality.

  “That is just what we will do, Mill-
stein. You and I, and of course a group
of my trained men, will board the ‘Nem-
esis.’ There I will drug you and keep
you prisoner until your weakened mind
gives me the secret of the controls.”
Millstein could have shouted for joy.
The trick had worked! I f he could only
get aboard the ‘Nemesis.’

  “I’ll never do it!” he screamed. “You
can’t make me do it. It’s horrible to
think of your using my ‘Nemesis’ against
the world!”

  Then Millstein used his cleverest soph-
istry—played a seemingly poltroonly part
to gain his point.

  “Verensky,” he began, in a voice plead-
ing and almost servile, “you are the
greatest mind in the universe. You pos-
sess the most marvelous fund of scien-
tific learning. I beg of you to give up
this wild idea of conquering the world.
You could be great with your mighty
power and intellect. You could be a-bene-

factor to mankind with your skill and re-
sources. W'hy, you could change the ro-
tations of the earth at will and make cli-
mates to fit man’s need. You could put
life into the dead planets; cool off those
too hot for habitation; warm those that
are too cold. There is no limit to the
good you could accomplish. Why, you
could be next to the Master Mind. There
are none so powerful as you. If you will
give up your mad idea of universal de-
struction, I, Donald Millstein, will work
at your side. Together we will do all
these things. I ask this of you in the
name of humanity.”

  For a moment during the impassioned
appeal of Millstein, a strange, uncanny
light glowed in the face of the mad Rus-
sian. Calm reason seemed to be strug-
gling to shine in the glittering eyes, and
for a brief second Millstein fancied that
he had gained a point. But suddenly
with the w'ild scream of a madman, the
Russian beat on his breast till it sounded
like a drum. Incoherent words puled
from his twitching lips.

  “Now you will die a thousand deaths,
my enemy! How dare you ask me, the
Falcon, the sworn enemy of the world,
to be an altruist. Altruism! Bah! Say
no more, or I will turn a ray gun on
you.”

  The Russian was trembling in a fit of
uncontrolled anger, as he turned to ihe
waiting officer.

ET ready a squad of fifty of my
best engineers. We are going to
board the ‘Nemesis.’ I will wring from
Millstein the secrets of his ship. We
will keep him captive, and I will torture
him with my bare hands and drug him
until I am his master.”

  Millstein put his head in his hands and
bowed as though broken. He could
scarcely control his emotions. He real-
ized joyously that he had tricked the
madman.
84

AMAZING STORIES

  They were going to board the ‘Nem-
esis !’

CHAPTER VIII

On Board the “Nemesis”

THE Falcon, accompanied by a
greatly increased number of offi-
cers, moved with Millstein to the
extreme stern of the great ship. Millstein
appeared a broken man as he walked
along, but his shrewd, trained mind was
noting every detail and analyzing every
opportunity. He observed keenly the
movements of every man, keeping a care-
ful observation of the Falcon’s move-
ments.

  They finally entered a large tube at
the end of the ship, a tube about thirty
feet in diameter. In this long tube re-
posed a small space ship. As Millstein
was being pushed into this tiny projectile,
he noted the Falcon had suddenly dis-
appeared. This was a cause of worry to
Millstein, for he wished with a mighty
hope that the Falcon would accompany
the group on the trip to his own ship.
Minutes passed, and the crew were each
at their particular post ready to launch
the little carrier ship. Millstein noted
that each man was heavily armed with
ray guns and equipped with some sort of
protective armor; a strange, metallic fab-
ric that glowed with the light of dancing
colors. Millstein reasoned the suits were
resistive screens against ray guns of all
sorts.

   To his great relief the tall figure of the
Falcon suddenly entered the little craft
and took a place at the main controls.
Millstein, standing only a few feet from
the Falcon, studied his enemy with in-
finite care. The Russian returned his
searching scrutiny with a baleful glance.

  For some reason the madman appeared
to be a bit thinner in spite of the fact he
also wore the strange metal garment that

glowed with some strong and static
energy. At the moment Millstein did not
consider this of unusual importance, and
he put the thought out of his mind. The
steel door of the space projectile was
closed. Verensky uttered sharp, gutteral
commands in that weird tongue, and
Millstein knew they were floating in
space. Soon he felt the slight grating
contact against his own ship. He knew
they had entered one of its carrier tubes.
His heart thrilled, and the strong muscles
of his body tensed for action. He bent
his head and concentrated all his mental
capacities on the coming test.

  He was rudely pushed through the
open door of the little space carrier into
the launching and boarding tube of his
own ship. The Falcon craftily took a
place at the rear of the group.

  “Open the inside door, Millstein,” or-
dered the Falcon, in hard,, dangerous
tones.

  Millstein stepped forward. None but
he in the group knew how to operate the
strong steel doors that would admit them
directly into the ‘Nemesis.’ The cleverly
constructed doors of incredibly tough
steel slid silently back. Millstein in the
lead of the entire group stepped directly
into one of the power rooms of the ‘Nem-
esis’. He glanced about and a cleverly
faked moan escaped his tense lips.

   Slumped over at the seats of their oper-
ating chairs and lying in grotesque heaps
on the floor were his fine, trained assis-
tants. Then Millstein acted the part of a
madman, and he turned like an infuriated
tiger to glare at the Falcon.

  “My good men; You have killed them!
You crazy fiend! You murderer of
worlds!”

  The Falcon laughed throatily, and his
words gurgled with joy.

  “No, they are not all dead, my enemy.
Some of the strongest will no doubt live.
A clever weapon, my new paralyzing
sound vibration. Perhaps I’ll try it out
THE VELOCITY OF ESCAPE

85

on you in a mild way to help weaken your
will.”

  Knowing that it pleased the mad Fal-
con, Millstein continued to sob loudly, as
he bent over the men lying sprawled upon
the floor. Suddenly he stopped at one
limp figure, with sprawled arms hanging
down over a radio table.

  “And you have killed Jack Cromwell,
my best assistant!” Millstein frothed,
leaping wildly towards the Falcon.

  Several of the guards clutched Mill-
stein and seemingly subdued him. Like
an actor enjoying a dramatic moment on
the stage, the Falcon strode about.

  SHACKLE Millstein,” he ordered.
“Fasten him securely. I will admin-
ister drugs and torture him to learn the
secrets of the ship.”

  “Wait a minute!” shouted Millstein in
the voice of Stentor. He had decided to
play his trump card—he would spring
the trick!

  The Falcon looked up intently, a queer
expression spreading over his face as he
suddenly sensed danger—a trap.

  With a panther-like spring Millstein
suddenly leaped from the grasping hands
of his captors and uttered a loud shout.

  “For Earth!”

  A most amazing thing occurred. Mill-
stein’s men, who had seemingly been un-
conscious or dead, suddenly leaped to
their feet as if actuated by one spring!
Each brave and trained assistant held in
his hand a deadly ray gun. Like a swiftly
moving and intricate mechanism, each
man jumped to an invader and covered
him with the ray pistols they had held
under their bodies as they lay about the
room. The invaders, who possessed no
wills of their own, were no match for
Millstein’s men, even had the numbers
been equal. /

  Jack Cromwell had leaped to a position
directly in front of his beloved chief.
Millstein threw an affectionate arm over

his assistant’s shoulder. “Good old
Jack,” he muttered happily. “Our trick
worked beautifully.”

  “It sure did, Chief. When they turned
the paralyzing ray on us, we fortunately
had our protective screens working. I
did what you told me just before you left.
We adjusted the ship to be neutral and
dead, and the Falcon thought we were
paralyzed.”

  “Just an old western gun fighter’s
trick,” grinned Millstein happily.

  “Great Scott!” shot out Cromwell.
“Look at the Falcon!”

  Millstein, however, before looking at
his defeated enemy glanced carefully
about the room to note that each of the
enemy was safely subdued. Then he di-
rected his attention toward the Falcon.

  The mad Russian had dropped to his
knees, his face uplifted. There was a
strained, hopeless expression on the cruel
countenance. His eyes were closed, and
he appeared to be in a trance.

  “What’s he doing, Chief?”

  “Keep ray guns trained on him,”
snapped Millstein. “He’s a tricky rogue.
I think he is trying to project his mind,
perhaps trying to give mental orders to
the crew on board his ‘Avenger.’ Well,
Cromwell, I guess the Falcon’s days are
over. vSubdue him with paralyzing rays.
Iron him securely. Give him drugs to
keep him asleep until we reach earth.
Of course we will destroy the ‘Avenger’
first. That should not be so hard now,
with the master mind missing.”

  The crazed eyes of the Russian opened.
He began to creep on his hands and knees
towards Millstein, who held a ray gun
ready against trickery. But in the eyes
of the advancing madman there was a
dog-like look, the look of a beaten ani-
mal. There was a frantic prayer on the
now sagging face. The Falcon was brok-
en—defeated!

  Frothing and puling at the mouth the
massive figure advanced, came close to
86

AMAJZING STORIES

the young scientist, and with trembling
limbs struggled erect.

  “Wait, Millstein! Wait! Don’t drug
me. Don’t take me to earth!”

  Then even Millstein was astounded,
and for a moment greatly disconcerted as
the crazed Russian suddenly snatched
from his face a false beard and mus-
tache. With incredulous eyes Millstein
watched the cruel features of his enemy
relax into softer lines.

  “Don’t you see, Millstein ?” pleaded the
beaten figure. “The Falcon is uncanny
in his wisdom. It was the Falcon you
talked to on the ‘Avenger.’ But I am not
the Falcon! I am only his wretched tool.
One of his many doubles. He drugs us
with a strange drug. He holds our lives
in his hand. Only he knows the antidote
for the horrible drug he gives us. Even
at this moment I must have the antidote
or I will die. Don’t you see? That is the
way he keeps us in submission. He takes
our brains, poisons us, and keeps us alive
with the antidote.”

  Millstein stood speechless—amazed, as
the man who had acted the part of the
Falcon went on. The deception had been
more than perfect.

  “The Falcon has sent me to my death.
He knew in his uncanny wisdom this
visit to your ship meant a possible trap.
He cannot be defeated. I must have the
antidote!

  “I am not the Falcon!”

  Becoming alert with a mighty mental
jerk. Millstein turned to Cromwell and
gave the order.

  “Quick! Turn full energy on all pro-
tective screens and rocket away full speed
for five hundred miles.

  “We may be attacked by the ‘Avenger’
at any moment from this on."

  Then more grimly, “The Falcon is
aboard his ship, and it's a battle to the
death!”

  It was at last to be decided.

CHAPTER IX

Heroism and Tragedy

ILLSTEIN, greatly worried,
but more determined than ever
to destroy the Falcon, was at
the control board of the ‘Nemesis.’ The
fast space fighter had been rocketed away
one thousand miles from the “Avenger.”
For some time Millstein listened to tech-
nical information coming from various
compartments of the space car. The fear-
less young scientist was in his element at
the control instruments.

  The Falcon had escaped—outwitted
Millstein for the moment.

  “Well, Chief,” said the ever present
and efficient Cromwell, “a message has
just come in from our port forward hold
that all the crew from the ‘Avenger’ have
died. Even that tall, husky bird who was
the Falcon’s double has croaked. He was
right about the poison in his body.”
“That’s the Falcon’s way,” answered
Millstein. “He knew the men wouldn’t
live to talk much if they were captured.
A clever fiend to trick me as he did. But
after all I was lucky to get back to the
‘Nemesis.’ ”

  “What next, Chief?” asked Cromwell.
“Shall we attack the ’Avenger’ ?’

  “In due time,” from Millstein in sharp
tones. “I want to plan a sure attack
that will not fail. I am certain the Fal-
can has a defensive screen for every
weapon we have. The ‘Avenger’ is a most
amazing ship. That crazed Russian is
the smartest scientist in the universe.”

EXCEPT yourself,” hastened Crom-
well.

  “If the remaining government ship
could help us, we could attack and to-
gether wear down the power storage of
the ‘Avenger’. Jack, we’ve got to destroy
the Falcon and his super-craft in order to
save the world. The commander of the
THE VELOCITY OF ESCAPE

87

government ship is under the control of
the Falcon’s evil mind; so that ally is
helpless. There’s only one thing left

to do.”

  A worried look crept into Cromwell’s
face as he divined the portent in Mill-
stein’s voice.

  “You don’t mean, Chief, that you’re

going to-?”

  “Yes, Jack,” interrupted Millstein.
“I’m going to ram the ‘Nemesis’ at full
speed into the ‘Avenger!’”

  “I’m ready, Chief,” stated the brave
Cromwell, gulping a bit. “Let's go.
Shall I tell the crew? We are all ready
to die if we can wipe out the Falcon!”
“Good old chap,” praised Millstein. “I
knew you would do it, but you see, Jack,

you and the crew are not going”-

  “Not going, Chief?!”

  “No, Jack. You and the crew are to
take to the space carriers and return to
earth. As soon as you are all clear a
thousand miles, I will—well—I’ll do the
job up right.” There was a slight break
in Millstein’s voice as a mighty emotion
flooded him.

  “It’s the only way, Jack. We can’t de-
stroy the ‘Avenger’ with our equipment,
and there’s no time to develop new
weapons. The oxygen is rapidly leaving
earth. I’ve made up my mind. Get the
crew together, and let’s get it over.”
Cromwrell started to protest, but a
glance at the determined expression on
his beloved chief’s face told him words
were futile.

  With swimming eyes, the courageous
young Cromwell managed a sickly, lip-
trembling grin.

  “Righto, Chief, and crash him hard
I would say about two hundred feet to-
ward the bow from center. That’s where
you say the lenses are located, that are
changing the cosmic rays.”

  Speaking hurriedly to smother his feel-
ing, Cromwell phoned urgent orders to
all parts of the ship—orders that scurried

wondering men to the small space car-
riers in the bow and stern of the ‘Nef-
esis.’

  It spoke well for the crew’s careful
training that it was only a few moments
when Cromwell turned sadly to Millstein.

  “They’re in the carriers, Chief. Every
one.”

  “Everyone but you, Cromwell.”

  “Let me stay, Chief. I want to dash to
glory with you. It will be a big kick.

Please, Chief. I-”

  Millstein reached out and grasped
Cromwell’s hand in a bone-cracking grip.

OODBYE, Cromwell. Get out
now, old chap. Take the crew to
earth. They need you.”

 “Goodbye, Chief. I-”

  Cromwell’s voice broke into a sob, and
with a last despairing, pleading look, he
leaped away.

  After a moment Millstein spoke into a
phone.

  “All set, Jack? Okay! I’m releasing
you all from the launching tubes.”

  Millstein pulled a group of levers while
his eyes watched the reflectoscope. In an
instant ten small space cars flashed away
on their long journey toward earth. They
were grouped in formation like homing
geese.

  With quick adjustments Millstein
tuned a radio to make contact with Crom-
well. In a trice he had attuned the
wave.

  “High tail for home, Cromwell. You
may take my laboratories and personal
effects. Now goodbye! and quit sending
that mushy stuff. I’ll be too busy.”
Millstein grimly fingered the controls
as he tooled his space-fighter further away
from the ‘Avenger.’ He wanted dis-
tance—five thousand miles—to gather full
velocity! He was a machine now—a
nerveless, unfeeling mechanism, with just
one idea in mind. He was utterly de-
void of fear.
88

AMAZING STORIES

  Carefully his eyes studied instruments
and the reflectoscopes. He noted with a
start that the government space ship was
flashing along with his craft. Very close
it came—too close. The risky proximity
of the government ship set Millstein
thinking. He watched it carefully. Per-
haps the Falcon had divined his purpose
and was sending the craft to defeat his
purpose. Millstein did not fear the
heavier and clumsier ship. His better
equipped ship could easily evade the
other, and the protective rays and screens
of the ‘ Nemesis’ were vastly stronger
than those of the other ship.

  Then the sudden, uncanny intuition
that had so often saved Millstein came
again to him. He steered the ‘Nemesis’
dangerously closer to the other!

  Millstein knew the government ship
was now in the effective area of his own
protective ray screens. The strange in-
tuition told him the move might develop
something important.

  It did!

  Almost instantly the radio phone near
Millstein’s ear began to operate. The
commander of the government space
fighter was speaking!

  In a few terse words Millstein ex-
plained the situation to the gallant officer.
Millstein learned the commander had
suddenly gone under some mental influ-
ence at the start of the battle. The offi-
cer did not know what had happened,
and he was deeply grieved to hear of the
loss of the' other government fighter and
the result of the attack on the ‘Avenger.’
Millstein did not tell the officer of his
intention to ram his ship into the enemy.

Y crew are all dead or mad. I
am the only normal soul on
board.” The government officer’s voice
was a prayer. ‘‘What shall I do, Mill-
stein ? My crew are madmen. They are
now trying to kill me. They are observed
by some terrible mental influence. I have

locked them out of the control room.
They are trying to crash the door. I’m
lost, Millstein. I’m going to ram the
‘Avenger’ I-!”

  The voice in the phone ceased, and
Millstein watched the other craft with
anxious eyes. Suddenly it turned with
startling speed and was gone!

  “I guess his crazed crew broke the door
down.” mused Millstein sorrowfully, as
he bent every energy and faculty to the
task at hand—his last flight.

  Turning the “Nemesis” in a wide,
swinging circle, Millstein adjusted the re-
flectoscope to show the huge reflected
image of the far distant ‘Avenger.’ He
gradually fed full power to the atomic
propulsion tubes. The ‘Nemesis’ became
a long, hurtling meteor streaking through
the heavens.

  Faster and faster sped the ‘Nemesis’
straight toward the ‘Avenger.’ that grew
larger and larger before Millstein’s
gleaming eyes. It would soon be over!
A mighty crash—and disintegration!

  Millstein—a believer—moved his grey,
tense lips in prayer.

  Suddenly he tensed! On the reflecting
screen showed another flashing shape!

  “The government ship!” gasped Mill-
stein, realizing now that the courageous
officer was far in front of him and indeed
attempting to crash the “Avenger.”

  Millstein savagely turned on the last
bit of his energy to increase his speed
His eyes were glued to the screen. He
saw unfolded a most horrible tragedy.

  With a vast explosion the two ships
ahead of him suddenly became a revolv-
ing mass of hurtling, mangled parts! Un-
told miles of the void were instantly
filled with broken steel and fabric—to
drift forever in endless space!

  The sinister Falcon and his hell-ship,
the ‘Avenger,’ was destroyed! Many
gallant men had perished, and a brave
officer had carved deeply his name in the
halls of fame. Rut Earth w*as saved!
THE VELOCITY OF ESCAPE

89

MILLSTEIN was badly shaken and
impressed by the horror. But new
perils for him now required his full men-
tal concentration. His terriffic speed had
carried his ship directly among the whirl-
ing, hurtling fragments—many of the
fragments larger than the “Nemesis.” A
collision would mean disaster.

  Playing his disintegration and atom ex-
ploding rays like fire hoses, Millstein in a
few hours cleared the void of the large
and dangerous fragments. With a fer-
vent prayer for the heroes of the govern-
ment fighters, he flashed away from the
harrowing scene.

  Already he had radio connection with
the frantically happy Cromwell, wrho
would soon be at his chief’s side.

  “Cut out that raving, Cromwell. I’m
all right. Slow up and get ready to come
on board. I’m tired.”

  Millstein’s voice seemed to hold all the
suffering of the ages. He had seen a
man die grandly!

  “It won’t be long now, Chief. We’ll
soon be home, and what a home-coming
for you!” Cromwell, at the controls
with Millstein, was happy.

  “The whole world is waiting to fete
you. By the way, the last radio from
earth states the oxygen is already becom-
ing normal. What a relief to know the
Falcon is dead.”

  For some time Millstein did not reply.
He had been thinking—intently studying
some mighty problem. He spoke slowly.

  “Jack, I wonder about the Falcon.
Why did he not attack us after I got back
to our ship? It’s uncanny. Not like
him. It worries me a bit.”

  Sensing his chief was in an analytical
mood, Cromwell resorted to their old cus-
tom to help Millstein think.

  “Say, Chief, look there! High in the
heavens. The mighty star Sirius.”

 STRANGE, Cromwell, that you
should mention Sirius. I was think-
ing of that star. Sirius, the Dog Star,
as the ancients called it.”

  Cromwell grinned; he knew Millstein
would give out information and thus
stimulate his thoughts. Sure enough.
Millstein began in a far-aw'ay voice.

  “The ancients built temples, and pic-
tured Sirius, the Dog Star, rising from
the eastern horizon. They thought the
star affected their happiness and the
weather.” Millstein w?nt on academi-
cally and in an absent-minded tone.

  “The astronomer, Bessel, discovered in
Eighteen hundred and fifty that Sirius
was moving among the stars in a wobbly
path. This vast star is extremely heavy
for its size. It’s-”

  Millstein suddenly stopped speaking as
a strange light broke over his face.

  “Jack, I’ve a hunch. The Falcon’s fac-
tories are on that star! In a few weeks
we will take a trip to Sirius and look
around.”

  Cromwell was not heeding. His ears
were fastened to phones connected to a
powerful receiving radio. A look of in-
credulous wonder had spread over his
face. His eyes were bulging with amaze-
ment.

  “Listen, Chief, by the great cosmos!
Here’s a message from space. I’ll re-
peat it.”

  “To my enemy, Donald Millstein. You
thought me dead. I sensed a trap and
escaped in a space carrier while you were
being taken to your ship. You fool. Do
not think I am finished. Beware! The
Falcon will swoop again. It is war to the
death!” Signed, The Falcon.

  Cromwell choked and sputtered.

  “Chief, what do you think of that?
The Falcon is alive!”

The End
90

AMAZING STORIES

- * x*.	-

On every side of them, in orderly receptacles, long rows of coffin-shaped
boxes were resting on shelves—so many that it made one dizzy merely to

                               look at them.
91

In the Footsteps of
the IVisp

By STANTON A. COBLENTZ

Mr. Coblentz is one of the best liked authors with whose works we have
been favored. In the present story he appears in the role of a short story
teller and very ingeniously brings everything to a happy conclusion where
a whole nation is rescued from tyranny and almost extinction. We are

sure that our readers will enjoy it.

Illustrated by MOREY

HAD it not been for the ex-
ample of the hunting wasp,
the whole extraordinary epi-
sode would never have oc-
curred. As professor of
entomology at a South American Uni-
versity and specialist in the ways of
the hymenoptera, Dr. Andres Mandano,
had given prolonged study to those wasps
which, as everyone knows, are able to
paralyze their victims and leave them in
a state of suspended animation, so that
they may eventually form succulent liv-
ing morsels for still undeveloped, reviv-
ing larvae. By what leap of the imagina-
tion the professor bridged the gap from
insect to human and thought of applying
waspish methods to mankind, is a ques-
tion that will perhaps never be answered:
but at all events we know that, after years
of research, he had solved the secret of
the insect poison, and was able to brew
it in considerable quantities and to apply
it in a practical way to mankind.

  In the beginning, it appears, Dr. Man-
dano’s motives were wholly laudable; for
it had been his hope to develop a new an-
aesthetic which would supplant ether and
make it possible to perform operations
without inconvenience or danger to the
patient. Could he have foreseen the re-

lentless use that was to be made of his
discovery, the unparalleled abuses and the
vast upheavals that were to follow, prob-
ably he would promptly have hurled the
formula into the ocean.

  In any land other than South America
of the twenty-first century, however, the
formula might not have been perverted to
sinister uses. But it will be recalled that
a series of revolutions had but recently
convulsed Dr. Mandano’s home country
of Peravia; that a military dictatorship
had been established; and that there
existed just that degree of popular sub-
ordination which made the so-called
Mandana Man-Preservcr a logical de-
velopment. It will be recalled how public
liberties had been curtailed following the
rise of the revolutionary government of
Rodrigo Querzal; how free speech had
been eradicated, how labor unions had
been destroyed, how Communists and
non-conforming religious groups had
been persecuted, how military demands
and organizations had been strengthened,
and how, finally, a compulsory steriliza-
tion decree had been adopted to cut off
the progeny of undesirable elements of
the population—in a word, elements op-
posed to Querzal.

  What was more natural, accordingly,
92

AMAZING STORIES

than that the Mandano Man-Preserver be
utilized as the culminating check upon the
liberties of the masses?

BUT before going on to describe the
actual use of the new invention,
perhaps I should say a word as to its na-
ture. It was literally what the name im-
plies—the means of preserving men, and
of preserving them over indefinite lengths
of time. Not a mere method of keeping
their mummified corpses! a method of
keeping the men themselves in a state
between sleep and death. An injection of
less than one cubic centimeter of Dr.
Mandano’s paralyzing fluid, based on the
formula learned from the wasps, would
causc a man to collapse into a state of
seeming lifelessness: he would cease to
breathe, there would be no sign of heart
action, his face would take on a waxy pal-
lor which would show no sign of change
during the course of days, weeks or even
years; and yet, at any time, upon the in-
jection of the proper antidote, he might
be revived, feeling a little drowsy, like
one awakened from deep slumber, but
otherwise unaffected.

  The secret of suspended animation, in
a word, had been mastered!

  But having been mastered, it was not
employed, as it might have been, for hu-
manitarian and surgical purposes. In-
stead, as the world in this good year 2054
is well aware, it became the nefarious tool
of a political and social class.

  It is not certain whether Dr. Mandano
himself was involved in the misuse of his
invention; or whether, beneath the iron
compulsion of the Querzal dictatorship,
he bent reluctantly to the will of the gov-
ernment and delivered over the paralyz-
ing fluid into hands less scrupulous than
his own. In any case, the result is in no
doubt at all. Some evil genius, in an un-
lucky hour, conceived of the idea of pre-
serving and storing the nation’s excess
man-power: of preserving and storing it

precisely as one would preserve and
store so many hams, herrings or dill
pickles. Why not build huge warehouses,
he argued, where all excess human beings
could be kept and filed away for refer-
ence ? Why not take all beggars and vaga-
bonds, and put them into a state of sus-
pended animation until the dawn of a
better day? Why not seize all unem-
ployed workers and their families, and,
instead of allowing them to become a bur-
den on the community, quietly paralyze
them and leave them in registered com-
partments, until their services should be
required, when they might be immediately
awakened? And why not, in the same
manner, build up a vast and irresistible
army? Why not train as many soldiers
as possible, and then, instead of continu-
ing to feed and quarter them, put them
into a state of inexpensive paralysis until
the advent of war should make them
necessary ? In this manner Peravia might
build up a matchless military machine at
a minimum of cost.

  It is needless to add that these argu-
ments, though appealing to the principles
of the Querzal government and though
acted upon without delay, were carefully
kept from public knowledge. Indeed, it is
now believed that several political offend-
ers, who in 2034 were summarily sen-
tenced to the noose, had been guilty of
nothing beyond some inadvertent sugges-
tions hinting at the government’s new
project. Browbeaten and docile as the
Peravian people had long been, there was
no reason to suppose that they would
countenance this un-heard-of, latest
atrocity of their leaders; hence none but
a few high government officials, a few
military chieftains, a group of medieal
advisers, a handful of great industrial-
ists and Dr. Mandano himself, had any
suspicion of what was in contemplation.

    VEN when the plan had actually been
    put into operation, the law of abso-
IN THE FOOTSTEPS OF THE WASP

93

lute secrecy prevailed, and the govern-
ment proceeded by means of ruses and
subterfuges designed to throw dust into
the eyes of the people. The only public
pronouncement was directly misleading:
that, in the interest of the public health,
a State medical examination of all citizens
was to be undertaken, beginning on a
particular date. In the systemmatic man-
ner characteristic of the Peravians, all
individuals and families were to appear
at various assigned times before duly
constituted Boards, who were to compile
the most thoroughgoing “health census”
ever known to history. Little did the un-
suspecting common man realize that he
was being made to walk into a trap!

  In a majority of cases, it is true, that
the trap was not allowed to spring; merely
for the sake of appearance, millions of
men were put through a superfluous phys-
ical examination. But in hundreds of
thousands of instances—and eventually in
millions—the citizen, in his ignorance,
walked to a fate he would not knowingly
have accepted without a struggle.

  Hence it would occasionally happen
that some man—more often than not an
unemployed artizan or laborer—would
disappear after being summoned for ex-
amination, and would not be heard of
again. Or some stout and brawny youth,
who had been undergoing military train-
ing in a private or public corps, would
vanish as if swallowed up by the earth; or
a whole family—always of the poorer
classes, and often previously dependent
upon charity—would fail to return from
its appointed examination, and neighbors
would inquire in vain as to its where-
abouts. Officials, when questioned, would
merely shake their heads with a “know-
nothing” expression; the police would
prove either unwilling or unable to be of
help; the public press, being dominated
by the Querzal party, would never so
much as mention any of the missing; and
the rank and file of the populace, if now

and then their suspicions were aroused,
would find that a word, indiscreetly ut-
tered, would send them to a Concentra-
tion Camp if not to the executioner.

  Meanwhile, in spite of the ferocious
restraints of the Censorship Bureau,
strange rumors were making their way
through carefully guarded underground
channels. Tales were told that made the
hair of the listeners literally stand on
end; tales that brought muttered oaths
and curses to many an indignant lip, and
that caused many eyes to stare in amaze-
ment or incredulity. One heard reports
of intricately winding galleries which,
like modern catacombs, were laden with
innumerable bodies—and one was told
that these were the bodies not of dead
men, but of living. One heard wild stories
of torture-rooms, where physicians, hav-
ing stripped their unwary patients for
physical examination, would slyly inject
a hypodermic which caused the victims to
reel over like men stricken suddenly dead.
And one was assured that, by means of
a carefully arranged card system, the
multitudes of slumbering individuals were
all placed and catalogued, each with his
appropriate designation: for example,
“1964 XW 2/17/34, automobile me-
chanic, unemployed, 25 yrs. old at time of
suspended activities”; or, “4456 VT
3/11/35, trained infantryman, proficient
in rifle practice, 22 yrs. old at time of S.
A.”; or, again, “TYU 1154, 1155 and
1156, 12/18/36, man, wife and son, dan-
gerous radicals, 43, 37 and 13 at time of
S. A”

THERE was still another report
which, more ghastly than the others,
was heard now and then in secluded quar-
ters safe from the ears of governmeht
eavesdroppers. This concerned a secret
incinerating chamber, where each day
scores of unfortunates were brought for
cremation. For Mandano’s Man-Pre-
server, if these tales were to be believed,
94

AMAZING STORIES

did not always accomplish its purpose.
Now and then some patient, either be-
cause of a weak heart or nervous shock
or an excessive dose of the drug, would
go beyond the stage of mere suspended
animation, and the remains, consequently,
would have to be disposed of as quietly
as possible. But such cases, it was said,
were exceptional, and caused the officials
little worry; in fact, they were scarcely
in excess of one per cent of the total!

  But although ominous whispered re-
ports continued to be circulated; although
mysterious disappearances continued to
multiply and although such cases were
mostly confined to the humbler or non-
possessing classes, the great majority of
the citizens remained placidly unaffected.
So severe was the censorship that many,
perhaps, never heard the rumors at all;
others, hearing them, refused to believe,
or, believing, tacitly approved, since the
new policy had sharply diminished the
burden of unemployment and of public
charity; while the majority reduced to
the meekness of a jelly by the fury of
political repression and well knowing the
consequences of an unchecked tongue,
chose not to inquire too closely into the
reports.

  And so the years from 2034 to 2043
slipped by and nothing had been done to
restrain the use of the Man-Preserver.

  But in the latter year there occurred a
series of events which not even the wisest
could have foreseen.

*	* *

IT was in July of this year that, ac-
cording to plans since disclosed, the
Querzal War Department contemplated
its Great Offensive. It was in July that
the usefulness of Man-Preserving was
to receive its culminating test; it was in
July that Peravia, picking an excuse for
war simultaneously with the neighboring
lands of Argenzela and Bolador, was to
revive millions of soldiers now waiting in
a state of suspended animation, and, by

one great overwhelming sweep, was to
subdue both neighboring nations. At the
same time, multitudes of slumbering la-
borers were to be brought back to activity,
so that wartime industry might be prop-
erly manned; and the nation was accord-
ingly to have a strength beyond anything
dreamed of by her enemies or indicated
by her census reports.

  Such was the project; and there is rea-
son to believe that it might have suc-
ceeded—had it not been for an unex-
pected factor.

  That unexpected factor was to be found
in the person of Captain Juan Cardenzos,
perhaps the most persevering foe that the
Querzal regime had ever encountered.

  The record of Cardenzos had been a
curious one. Decorated for heroism dur-
ing the Equadorian War nearly thirty
years before, he had become violently
anti-militant after the Armistice, he had
publicly destroyed his badges and decora-
tions, and had worked ardently in the
cause of international understanding and
disarmament. Following the rise of
Querzal to power, he was condemned to
a Concentration Camp, from which he
escaped after harrowing adventures,
seeking refuge in the United States,
where he remained for several years. But
feeling that his native country needed him,
he smuggled himself back over the bor-
der, and, living the existence of a hunted
creature, carried on secret propaganda at
the daily risk of his life. By means of
spies and underground emissaries—for he
had sympathizers even in the highest cir-
cles he gradually made himself the head
of a vast organized ring, the so-called
League of Free Men, which, working
through subterranean channels, was
vowed to overthrow the reigning tyranny.

  A strangely assorted group they
were—disgruntled clerics, Communists,
thwarted laborers, disinherited intellec-
tuals, women disenfranchised, and adven-
turers ready to clutch at any straw! Yet,
IN THE FOOTSTEPS OF THE WASP

95

though they were so motley a crowd;
though they seemed to have undertaken
a hopeless task, and met with discourage-
ment after discouragement; though many
of their members were seized by the police
and summarily executed, they were held
together by the force of their convictions
and became a greater power than the
authorities were able to realize. But it
was Captain Cardenzos that was their
guiding spirit, and he it was that set off
the spark which precipitated the explo-
sion.

EVER since its formation, the League
of Free Men had been investigating
rumors concerning the Man-Preserver;
indeed, it was probably through members
of the League that most of the rumors
started. But at first its efforts had borne
little fruit other than in the martyrdom of
several League members by the execu-
tioner’s noose. It was not until 2043 that
any decisive action became possible; for
it was not until that year that Cardenzos
was in possession of the now-celebrated
“Devil’s Secrets.” How the knowledge
came to him—whether through spies of
the League, or through betrayal of the
government by its own servants—has
never been disclosed; but, in any case, he
did gain information of the most reveal-
ing kind, and was moved to passionate
indignation by word of the impending
war with Argenzela and Bolador. And,
at the same time, his secret agents ac-
quired other information which made it
possible for him to plan a way to block
the war, and incidentally to accomplish
the avowed purpose of the League by
crushing the Querzalists forever.

  The never-to-be-forgotten thirtieth of
July, 2043, was the date set for launch-
ing the League Revolution. One gasps
even in recollection to think by what
means and against what seemingly in-
superable odds Cardenzos and his fol-
lowers began the revolt. Their exact

numbers will never be known; but it is
conservatively estimated that they were
not more than five hundred in all when,
on the evening of that memorable day,
they quietly gathered before the gates of
a huge building on the outskirts of the
Capital—a building which, covering
many acres with its huge squat form,
bore the simple designation, “Government
Warehouse.” Ordinarily, armed sentries
were parading before the entrance, but
on this occasion they were conspicuously
lacking; indeed, the gate itself, by what
might have seemed a bit of official care-
lessness, swung invitingly ajar, and when
Cardenzos and his band strode in there
was no one to restrain them.

  But mumbled passwords were quickly
interchanged with a waiting party within;
and the newcomers, as they surged
through the passageway, cast casual
glances at a dozen sentries strewn about
them in a state of insensibility, and
pressed hastily on to accomplish the
night’s mission.

GUIDED bv maps and blueprints,
they made their way through tortu-
ously winding, electrically lighted pas-
sageways through labyrinthine corridors
that not only filled the building but
stretched underground in a long succes-
sion of basements; and into apartments
suffused with vile-smelling concoctions
reminding one of a mortuary chamber.
On every side of them, in orderly recep-
tacles, long rows of coffin-shaped boxes
were resting on shelves—scores of them,
hundreds, thousands, ten of thousands!—
so many that it made one dizzy merely
to look at them. And beneath the cello-
phane covering of each box one could
distinguish a wax-like human face, silent
and still as if in slumber.

  Working according to prearranged
plan, and yet filled with the fury of des-
peration, the rebels set about completing
their victory. Several of their number
96

AMAZING STORIES

were posted at various entrances as sen-
tinels; for the danger was not at all re-
mote that their intrusion would be dis-
covered, that they would be surrounded,
imprisoned, and sentenced to death.
Given a few hours leeway, however, and
they would liberate the country. So they
believed; and, firm in this conviction,
several hundred of the insurrectionists
drew, each drew from his pocket, little
vials filled with a black fluid, and set to
work over the corpse-like forms lying be-
neath the cellophane.

  Strange beyond all words were the re-
sults. A single drop of the liquid, forced
into the veins of the sleeper, would pro-
duce an almost magical effect. Instantly
the patient’s frame would be shaken with
a convulsive shudder, his lips would draw
apart in a yawn, his eyes would slowly
open, and he would look up with a
drowsy, bewildered expression, from
which he would revive gradually into full
consciousness. “Where am I?” would be
his first astonished exclamation; and then,
after an effort, his mind would go back
to the moment of his official examination,
the sudden stab of pain as the physician,
taking him unawares, had injected the
hyperdermic . . . and the ensuing black-
ness.

  “Where am I?” he would repeat, in
growing wonder and dread. “W'ho are
you? . . . Where am I? . . . What has
happened to me ?”

  “You are with friends,” the League
member would rapidly explain. “For
years you have been sleeping, betrayed
by your rulers. Now we, the servants of
the people, have come to save you. We
have learned the secret of your enslave-
ment; have discovered how to make the
drug that overcame you, and the antidote
that has revived you. See! it is here in
these little vials! Now join us! We will
show you how! We have enough of the
medicine to restore a million men. You
must help us bring your fellows back to

life! Then we will all join forces and
march upon the oppressors!”

fN some such words the League mem-
ber would appeal to each reviving
man. Sometimes the individual would be
immediately convinced, and would en-
thusiastically join his saviors; sometimes
he could be persuaded only with diffi-
culty; but in every case the sight of the
long, dimly lighted, sepulchral corridors,
with the innumerable coffin-like boxes
neatly packed on shelves in the alcoves,
was enough to fill the restored person
with indignation against his betrayers and
with a desire to join the League.

  In the course of one brief night, ob-
viously, a few hundred unassisted workr
ers would not have been able to revive a
great many thousands of sleepers. Yet,
like the proverbial snowball rolling down-
hill, their efforts expanded from a small
nucleus until all things were swept be-
fore them. Each awakened slumberer was
provided with a vial of the black fluid, by
means of which he restored dozens of his
fellows to life; and each of these, in turn,
resurrected others, who resurrected
many more: so that, before morning, the
halls and corridors of the whole vast
building and its underground annexes
were black with great surging masses of
men.

  And all these great masses, newly con-
verted to the cause of Captain Cardenzos,
were loudly uttering the war-cry of the
League: “Down with the oppressors!
Down with the oppressors! Onward for
the freedom of man! Onward, onward,
onward for the freedom of man!”

* * *

THERE are several things that have
never been satisfactorily explained
about the epoch-making first of
July, 2043. One is that Captain Carden-
zos, an avowed pacifist, should have re-
sorted to the use of arms—though it is
IN THE FOOTSTEPS OF THE WASP

97

difficult to see bow he could have pre-
vailed unless willing to oppose force with
force at the crucial juncture. Another is
in what manner he succeeded in recruiting
an efficient army with such unparalleled
speed and securing arms and ammuni-
tion. But the second question is more
easily answered than the first: for it was
not really Cardenzos that recruited the
army; it was his enemies that recruited
it It must be remembered that more than
half the men had been trained as sol-
diers and intended by the Government for
use in the war against Argenzela and
Bolador; it must be remembered, also,
that abundant weapons and uniforms
were at hand in great underground ar-
mories, conveniently placed near the man-
storage chambers, so as to avoid unneces-
sary delay in case of hostilities. And
when it is recalled that the revived men,
by virtue of their very numbers, could
easily batter down the doors of the armor-
ies and take possession, one should have
no difficulty in understanding how Cap-
tain Cardenzos, on the fateful first of
July, was able to place himself at the
head of so great an army.

  His military experience, acquired dur-
irg the War a generation before, was now
to serve him well. And yet his triumph
was hardly a matter of military skill.
Wherever he went, he was hailed, urged
on and supported by crowds of people,
long groaning beneath the Querzal des-
potism, and long powerless to defend
themselves. And wherever he went, the
enemy fled like rats hounded out of their
holes by terriers. Only in a few fortresses
and army strongholds did they dare to
defend themselves, and even there they
could not long withstand the popular
fury; for they were deserted by the
regular army on which they had placed
reliance. After one or two battles in
which the masses, though ill organized,
prevailed by virtue of their irresistible en-
thusiasm, the surviving Querzalists scur-

  ried in multitudes across the national
frontiers; while other multitudes were
taken prisoners, or were brought down
by the guns or swords of the onsweeping
Revolutionaries.

  In-so-far as he could, however, Cap-
tain Cardenzos curbed all violence and
bloodshed, thereby showing a self-res-
traint rare among victorious rebels. But
he gave orders that all captives be scrupu-
lously guarded—and the sentence that he
inflicted upon them was not only unique
in history but represents one of the rar-
est strokes of ironic justice of which we
have any record. No sooner had he been
established at the head of the League
government, no sooner had he announced
the restoration of the Peravian Republic
and been elected President by an over-
whelming majority, than he proposed and
carried out the punishment of "Scientific
Incarceration” upon all leaders of the de-
feated party, upon the generals and in-
dustrialists who had urged the use of the
Man-Preserver, and upon the physicians
who had lent their aid in paralyzing mil-
lions of unwilling victims.

T) UT what, precisely, was “Scientific
Incarceration”? Nothing more nor
less than Man-Preserving: the paralyzing
of the culprit and his preservation in a
state of suspended animation. In accord-
ance with the Presidential decree, fifty
thousand men and women were con-
demned to this novel penalty; and all of
them, undergoing a sentence of indefinite
duration, were stored in those under-
ground labyrinths where their former vic-
tims had been secreted.

And there to this day they remain. All
of them, it is said, have been systematic-
ally checked, numbered, and registered in
a card catalogue, so that one can easily tell
in what particular box and alcove to find
Senor de Mattas, one-time baron of the
armament makers; or General Fernandez
de Leon, who planned the never-to-be-
98

AMAZING STORIES

consummated campaign; or Chancellor
Manuel Carranza, long regarded as the
"iron man” of the Querzalist regime; or
Dr. Andres Mandano, who, on general
principles, was sentenced to taste the
effects of his own invention.

  For eleven years already these notables
and many others have been quietly slum-
bering where they will never do damage

  to any human being. And it is believed
that they may be left undisturbed for an-
other hundred years, or perhaps even for
a thousand, since the Cardenzos regime
is still ruling successfully, and no one has
any further desire to experiment with
the Man-Preserver or to revive any per-
sons who know too much of its dread
secrets.

The End.

What Do You Know?

READERS of Amazihg Stories have frequently commented upon the fact that there
is more actual knowledge to be gained through reading its pages than from many
a text-book. Moreover, most of the stories are written in a popular vein, making it
possible for anyone to grasp important facts.

    The questions which we give below are all answered on the pages as listed at the end
of the questions. Please see if you can answer the questions without looking for the
answer, and see how well you check up on your general knowledge of science.

1.	What does the practise of law and of medicine depend on? (See page 13.)

2.	How would the absence of crime and of sickness affect professional life and business
    related to it? (See pages 13-14.)

3.	Can you give a theory about the connection of conduct and sickness? (See page 22.)

4.	How is war defined by the author of “Life Everlasting”? (See page 24.)

5.	Is mental deficiency a disease? (See page 25.)

6.	How long were the sides of the southern triangle uniting Spain with the Balearic
    Island in the work of Arago, Biot and Rodriguez in measuring the arc from Dunkirk
    to Ivica? (See page 42.)

7.	How long did the French observers watch for the light on a peak one hundred miles
    away? (See page 42.)

8.	How fast would a vertical moving body have to go to escape from the earth’s gravi-
    tation? the same for Mercury? (See page 58.)

9.	Can you give a theory to prove that the planet Mercury has lost its atmosphere?
    (See page 59.)

10.	How are the electrons disposed in the oxygen atom? (See page 60.)

11.	What are the rates of vibration of different light rays? (See page 67.)

12.	What is goldbeater’s skin? (See page 73.)

13.	How does the wasp provide living food for its young to be kept intact for long
    periods? (See page 91.)

14.	What is the operation of the poison injected by the wasp into its victims? (See
    page 91.)

15.	What is the function of the magnetograph? (See page 101.)

16.	What are the characteristics of the magnetic north pole? (See page 109.)

17.	Where is it now located? (See page 109.)

18.	What suggestion is made for increasing braking power on automobiles? (See
   page 125.)

19.	What human factor affects rapidity of action? (See page 130.)

20.	How do the human eyes realize and estimate distance? (See page 131.)
99

 North Clod's Temple

By HENRY J. KOSTKOS

This is distinctively a story of the cosmic order; not only that, but the
composition of a planet this side of Jupiter is brought in, making us think
of the asteroids or planetoids as they are properly called. Those who like
tales of true adventure and of amazing happenings on this earth of ours,
will specially enjoy this tale. Magnetism plays an important role in its plot.
We have sciences devoted to the small and to microscopic organisms, while
sometimes the very earth itself is taken as the basis of a narration, and here
it is mother earth that gives us the story.

Illustrated by MOREY

OUT of the north came the
call, strong and clear and
compelling. Straight into the
mind of Professor Darius
Norton it penetrated as he
bent low over a specially designed mag-
netograph in his laboratory at the Cos-
mopolitan Museum of New York. For
many days he had been tantalized by
the undecipherable impulses that came
from the instrument to agitate his brain
cells with weird bits of intelligence.
Then, as if his nervous system had
become attuned to the flashes or waves
emanating from the device, his senses
suddenly grasped the message, and, hav-
ing once learned its import, he could not
rest. It gripped him in its power with
an impulse as primordial and compelling
as the urge to live.

  Could he believe his senses? Yes!
In the mind of Darius Norton there
was no doubt of the authenticity of that
message. It came straight from the
far north, from the base of the magnetic
pole. And it would not give him
peace, not until he obeyed its command

and followed it to its arctic source.

  It was on a quiet Sunday afternoon
of a lovely June day—one of those
rare days when the restless body and
mind of the professor was in tune
with the peaceful world. He dozed off
momentarily on his laboratory stool, then
awoke with a jar to find himself
sprawled on the floor. Not only was
he upset physically, but his mental equi-
librium became a seething turmoil as
the message surged into his inner con-
sciousness, rising and fading spasmodi-
cally as it conveyed these enigmatic
thoughts:

  “We are the historians of the People
of the Magnetic God . . . from a far
planet we were hurled . . . penetrated
the crust of the earth . . . entrance in
Tana Fiord . . . into an ocean under
the ocean . . . our race is dying fast
. . . in the Temple of the Magnetic
God. ...”

  It wasn’t the message alone, which
came as a translation of a strange, high-
pitched foreign group of syllables into
understandable thought waves, but a
100

AMAZING STORIES

  Just as his fumbling hands finally focused his binoculars, a geyser of water
  shot up into the air for what must have been a height of a hundred feet,

completely enveloping the boat.
NORTH GOD’S TEMPLE

101

compelling urge, a hypnotic power that
gripped him and drew him to the mys-
terious and little understood regions of
the north magnetic pole. Darius Nor-
ton was a man transformed with de-
sire; his serenity had been caught in a
cyclone that tore it to shreds. Into the
chemistry of Professor Norton had been
poured a reagent that took complete con-
trol of him. From that day on there was
but one meaning of life for him—ex-
plore this mystery—and do so at once.

HE operated the magnetograph again
and again, but the instrument was
mute except for its orthodox function of
recording the strength and direction of
the magnetic force. But he had enough
to go by. A sixth sense told him that
he must first reach Tana Fiord, on the
northern coast of far-off Norway. An
expedition? That was it. And with-
out further delay Professor Norton set
about to do something that, under ordi-
nary circumstances, his integrity would
never have permitted him to consider.

  He summoned his staff to the confer-
ence room. First and foremost was
Raymond Cullen, his assistant and per-
haps the only man in whom he had
ever fully confided. The gigantic frame
of Darius Norton, his flaming red beard,
his eyes that flashed out to the world,
the fanatic impulses of pure genius that
motivated the man, plus a tongue ever
ready to cast forth acid irony, made it
exceedingly difficult to find any one pos-
sessing sufficient courage and tolerance
to penetrate to the man’s inner self.

  As director of the Cosmopolitan Mu-
seum he had a staff of archeologists,
paleontologists and other scientists, who
had been acclaimed the world over for
achievements in their respective fields.
Yet it was always the professor’s theory
that the best way to further develop
good men was to constantly keep them
on their toes, and, in fact, to tread none

too lightly on those same toes by sub-
jecting all of their shortcomings to ruth-
less yet just criticism.

  Now he had to gain their support
and co-operation, for in these depressed
times expeditions could not be authorized,
even by the director of the world’s larg-
est museum, without reasons more sub-
stantial than the desire to follow ethereal
thought waves coming from nowhere.
He would have to resort to a subter-
fuge.

  Professor Norton’s eyes swept over
the faces of his staff and he placed his
long index finger on a map of the Arctic
regions and boomed: “This was the
location of the north magnetic pole
during the Archaeozoic Era two thou-
sand million years ago, when the great
planet that moved between the orbits of
Mars and Jupiter disintegrated into what
we now call the asteroids.”

  His colleagues waited in silence for
their director to continue.

  “As you know, my observations and
calculations prove that during the period
of disintegration, countless millions of
particles were violently hurled into space,
and their path was such that many of
them were carried within the orbit of
the earth. They struck our planet at
some heretofore unknown spot, but now,
since my calculations and magnetograph
observations have definitely fixed the lo-
cation of the shifting magnetic pole dur-
ing that period as the northernmost part
of Norway on the shores of the Arctic
Sea, it is there that I expect to find
fragments of that once great planet.”

  “But what has the magnetic pole to
do with these meteorites ?” Raymond
Cullen puzzled.

T)ROFESSOR NORTON pointed his
bristling red beard toward his ques-
tioner. “The meteorites, as you call
them, are composed of highly magnetic
metals that were once a part of this
102

AMAZING STORIES

disintegrated planet.” His booming voice
was tinged with sarcasm that never
failed to exasperate his listeners. “And
as you know, Cullen, magnets have the
peculiar property of attracting other
magnetic substances, as a simple experi-
ment will convince you.”

  Cullen reddened, but he did not ap-
pear offended; the others chuckled softly
to themselves. So long as Norton hadn’t
directed his shaft of sarcasm at them,
they could enjoy his sallies at the
expense of some one else. But the next
moment they glanced wryly at one an-
other when the director stared fixedly
at each of them in turn, and, in the
tone of voice he would have used in
inquiring into the cause of some un-
pleasant phenomenon that perplexed him,
growled: “I wonder, gentlemen, why it
is that I was destined to be endowed
with the most stupid staff ever assem-
bled under the roof of any museum?
But you will undoubtedly be glad to
know that I will not be compelled to
rely upon your brains to produce any
epoch-making ideas when we rearch the
site of our excavations. All we will
need there is some brawn. Here, here!
Don’t look at me with those bovine ex-
pressions. I’ll make it plain: you guys
will have to spit on your hands and
dig!”

  For a moment there was no sound
except the sharp intaking of breaths by
the eight men around the table. Then
a babble of excited voices broke out:
How soon _were they to leave? How
many of them were to go? Would
they be finished before winter locked
the northland in its icy hold ? They
were young again, alive with the en-
thusiasm of youth for adventure in far
lands. There was not an individual
who had not roamed back and forth
over the world many times in the per-
formance of his work, yet each expedi-
tion was a fresh adventure, holding 01

the lure of many fascinating discoveries.

  Professor Norton held up his hand
for silence. “We are scheduled to leave
in ten days, gentlemen,” he boomed.
*****

THE rusty old tramp steamer “Sea-
horse” rounded North Cape after
twenty-two pitching and groaning
days across the Atlantic and up into
the Arctic Sea. Professor Darius Nor-
ton, who had irritated himself into a
black gloom, from which not even his
own witty flashes of irony served to
elevate him, now became more tractable
as the end of the voyage loomed into
sight. He had taken Ray Cullen and
four other associates from the museum,
and, in addition, Dr. Zuggler of the
University of Copenhagen had joined
the expedition at Stavanger, Norway.
There was also a group of technicians
and artisans, as well as laborers, who
were to attend to the mechanical de-
tails of the heavy excavation work that
Norton anticipated.

  In spite of the director’s dour manner
and his ever-ready sarcasm, he had
endeared himself to all on board, from
laborer to distinguished scientist. There
was something lovable about the man’s
idiosyncrasies, backed as they were by
his superb intelligence. They all noticed
how fanatic he was in his eagerness to
reach the site of the excavation, and
long before the “Seahorse” steamed into
the mouth of Tana Fiord his geologist’s
tools and instruments were packed in a
bag and on deck, ready to be taken
ashore.

  “Cullen”—his voice rumbled loudly in
the silencc of the lonely sea, and re-
echoed from the bleak shore line—
“there’s something here that’s big—I feel
it, can’t keep my mind thinking ration-
ally; it wanders to all sorts of im-
possible and crazy notions. “I feel”—
he pitched his voice low until it was
no louder than a hoarse whisper—“that
NORTH GOD’S TEMPLE

103

there is something pulling me to these
shores and that I will discover-”

BEFORE Norton could finish, he
was hurled off his feet, along with
every one else on deck, by the sudden
stopping of the vessel, which halted its
headway as effectively as if a giant hand
had clutched its keel. There was no
impact, as would have been the case
if a subterranean reef had been struck,
or even the soft drag offered by ground-
ing on a bank of mud. Instead, the
vessel was sucked down until her rails
were awash, then released to bob up
like a cork, while the propellers churned
the water futilely. Slowly the unseen
force swung the vessel around until her
bow pointed in the direction from which
she had come, and, as mysteriously as
she had stopped, she churned ahead
again.

  It all happened so fast that no cry
of alarm had been raised by those on
board. Now the men on deck rushed
to the stern to gaze shudderingly at a
seething maelstrom of boiling water
from which the vessel had emerged.

  “What in the name of the devil could
that have been?” Cullen asked Arche-
ologist Gregg, alongside of him.

  Gregg shook his head in bewilderment,
then pointed excitedly toward a figure
leaning out over the stern.

  “Good God, Cullen, is that Professor
Norton?” he whispered, not daring to
believe his eyes.

  It was indeed the professor. But the
man had been transformed into a strange
creature; his huge frame had dwarfed
into the malformed body of a hunch-
back, his defiantly flowing red beard
hung like a tattered curtain from a
trembling chin, while the deeply tanned
color of his face had blanched into the
whiteness of the snow on the distant
mountain peaks.

  Cullen and Gregg reached the taff-

rail not an instant too soon. The pro-
fessor had strained his body far beyond
the limits of safety, and even as he
lurched toward the water, the two men
clutched his legs and hauled him in-
board. The fact that he did not strug-
gle, or even take notice of his rescuers,
indicated that suicide had never entered
his mind. It was some dreadful fascina-
tion, some unknown and terrible force
that had almost drawn him into the
seething white waters. Toward what,
Cullen wondered.

  They hurried him to his cabin, with-
out being able to make head or tail of
his mutterings. Even after he had
been given a stiff jolt of Scotch, he
remained inarticulate and groped with
unseeing eyes at the bed-clothes in his
berth.

  “Go call the doctor to look him over”
—Cullen drew Gregg aside—“and then
we had better take turns to see that
he stays put until we get ashore.”

WHEN the expedition disembarked
on the rocky coast and set up
camp, Professor Norton became quite
normal in his actions. He directed the
work of erecting the tents and preparing
the equipment for excavating. Only by
his recurring fits of moodiness* did he
give evidence of something weighing on
his mind. And on frequent occasions
he stole away from the camp, carrying
his magnetograph, and made for the
headland, from which he stared fixedly
out over the fiord toward the spot where
the ship had been held fast by that mys-
terious force. It was during these pe-
riods that Ray Cullen so worried about
the red-bearded giant that he invariably
stalked him to the bluff, managing to
keep out of sight, yet staying close
enough to be able to reach the profes-
sor’s side almost instantly if needed.

  Whether by design or coincidence,
about a week after the party had landed
104

AMAZING STORIES

on the bleak northern shore, Norton
dispatched Cullen with a group of labor-
ers to start the excavation work at a
point he designated some distance in-
land. As Gregg was also assigned to
the group, there was no one to whom
Cullen could confide his fears for the
professor’s safety. So it was with mis-
giving that he got under way with his
men and equipment. No sooner had the
party' disappeared from sight beyond the
ridge of the hill, than Norton hastened
for the shore, where the metal rowboat
belonging to the expedition, was beached.

  He hunched his giant frame to the
task and hauled the heavy craft down
over the rock-strewn beach into the.
water. With sinewy arms he sped the
boat over the waves straight for the spot
upon which he had focused his gleam-
ing eyes for many days. In his eager-
ness to reach this mysterious location
he timed his strokes in a loud booming
voice that penetrated the silence of the
bleak north. “One, two, one, two, one,
two ...” he chanted as his oars flew
over the water.

  Back beyond the hill Cullen stopped
to listen.

  “Hear that, Gregg?”

  “It's Professor Norton,” the archeolo-
gist cried with conviction.

  Cullen glanced at the man signifi-
cantly. “I’m going back there; some-
thing’s up.” And he was off on a run
without waiting for Gregg’s reply. Gregg
joined him.

  Panting for breath, Ray reached the
headland and scanned the choppy waters
of the fiord. Almost a mile out he spot-
ted a tiny object bobbing up and down
as it rose on the crest of a wave, then
disappeared into the trough of the sea.
There was no doubt in his mind that
it was the rowboat with Norton in it,
as there was no other human being in
that vicinity, who could have been out
upon the water. And the fact that the

boat was directly over the spot where
the “Seahorse” had been held helpless,

verified his suspicion.

JUST as his fumbling hands finally
focused his binoculars, a geyser of
water shot up into the air for what
must have been a height of a hundred
feet, completely enveloping the boat.
When the geyser subsided in a seething
whirlpool, the boat and its red-bearded
occupant had vanished from sight!

  “Good Lord!” Cullen exclaimed, then
ran like mad toward the camp for help
in launching the heavy motor boat that
was lying far up on the beach. The
entire population of the camp rushed
down and hauled the vessel out into the
fiord. For two hours the boat chugged
its way back and forth across the stretch
of water where Cullen last saw Norton,
but without any results. Not a single
drifting object could they find which
had belonged to the ill-fated professor.
It was a sorrowful group of individuals
that dragged slowly back into camp to
mourn the mysterious loss of their
leader.

*****

WHEN Professor Norton reached
the mouth of the fiord, his mind
suddenly became rational. The
mysterious force, this obsession, that had
numbed his sound reasoning and trans-
formed his mind into a thing of blind
impulse, the inexplicable power that had
drawn him to this horrible, yet fasci-
nating spot, now left him. At once he
realized the danger of his position, but
it was too late to do anything.

  With a hiss like the bursting of a
hundred water mains, a geyser of spray
and water shot up all around him, as
an irresistible whirpool caught his boat
in its vortex and twirled it around with
the speed of a swift moving centrifuge.
The cry of anguish that escaped from
Norton’s lips was drowned in the cres-
NORTH GOD’S TEMPLE

105

cendo of swirling waters that sucked his
vessel down into its funnel.

  The scientist’s mind went blank as
he saw himself sinking into a bottomless
pit of green water. When he came to
his senses, Norton was still in the metal
row boat, but he could see absolutely
nothing either ahead, behind or above.
In fact, were it not for the swish of
water against the sides of the boat, he
would have sworn that he had landed in
a coal bin in a dark cellar at midnight.

  He groped his way cautiously toward
the bow and then did an amazing thing.
From a locker under the forward seat
he pulled out a dish shaped object with
wires dangling from it, then felt around
in the dark until his fingers touched
a switch. As he snapped it, a beam shot
from the reflector he held and flooded
the course of his boat with a brilliant
white light. Stretching into the distance
as far as the powerful rays could pen-
etrate was a broad body of inky water,
black and foreboding. As he swung
the searchlight, the beams played upon
rocky walls and a high vaulted ceiling.

  Professor Norton was in a subter-
ranean sea, moving along at a tremen-
dous rate of speed, the walls flashing
past him like the sides of a tunnel
through which an express train was
speeding!

  He threw some chips of wood over-
board. In an instant they dropped be-
hind and were lost to sight. There
was no doubt about it, his vessel was
being attracted by a powerful magnetic
force, as there was absolutely no cur-
rent drift in the direction he was
traveling.

  Professor Norton chuckled softly to
himself: “If I had told Cullen and the
rest of the gang that I expected all this
they would have had me in a strait-
jacket before I could have finished my
story.”

  Then he consulted a portable magneto-

graph he fished out of the locker, along
with a box of crackers, with which he
had secretly stocked the row boat for
just such an adventure.

M, the magnetic force is stronger
than I had estimated. Proves
that slide-rule jugglery doesn’t always
pull the right number of rabbits out of
the hat.”

  He amused himself, while leisurely
crunching a cracker, by flashing the
search-light around and studying the
changing character of the subterranean
passage. There was no fear that the
light would be extinguished for lack of
power, as he had provided an ingenious
generator that operated when the swift-
moving field coils in the boat cut the
intensive magnetic lines of force in the
tunnel. Green, slime-covered walls
dripping with moisture, jutting rocks
that reached out their sharp points to
tear at him, the echoes of the lapping
waters, black slimy shapes that rose to
the surface, then disappeared into the
inky water—all these would have un-
nerved a man made of less stout stuff
than the red-bearded giant who impas-
sively studied every passing character-
istic on his strange journey. The tem-
perature of the water was delightfully
warm to his touch.

  “Probably volcanic origin,” he mused.
“It’s bound to become steaming hot be-
fore long.”

  But in this he was mistaken. The
temperature of the water dropped stead-
ily, the air in the passage became chilly,
and finally frost appeared on the rocky
ledges. Professor Norton donned the
parka he had previously removed and
was thankful for its comforting warmth.

  Soon slabs of floating ice appeared,
first as white patches in the distance,
then the floes became denser until Nor-
ton peered with some alarm ahead of
him to see a solidly frozen sheet stretch-
106

AMAZING STORIES

ing blue-white into the remote distance.

  It was only a matter of seconds be-
fore he would be hurled at express
speed against this sheet of ice which
would surely crumple the thin metal
hull as if it were an egg shell. He had
to act quickly; no time to lose now.
Just as the little vessel reached the
solid ice, he threw his weight into the
stern, and the bow of the craft shot
high into the air. The bottom struck
with a sickening thud that threw Nor-
ton’s head forward until he thought that
it had parted company with his spine;
then, at slackened speed, the boat con-
tinued over the rough ice pack to the
smooth frozen surface, over which it
fairly zoomed like a swift flying bird.
The powerful force had converted the
metal craft into an ice-boat that slid
along on its keel strips. Norton took
a deep breath of relief, then huddled
in the bottom with the searchlight pressed
close to his body for warmth.

HE consulted his black note book.
Yes, at the estimated rate of sev-
enty-five miles an hour in a westerly
direction he would reach his destination
in about fifty hours, after passing be-
neath the Arctic Ocean, glacier-covered
Greenland, Baffin Bay, Baffin Land and
the Gulf of Boothia. But fifty hours
spent in this weird, lonely place, speed-
ing like mad toward an unknown des-
tination, was not any too pleasant to
contemplate, even for such a staunch-
hearted scientist as Norton. If he had
only taken Cullen into his confidence
he was sure that his good friend would
have joined him without an instant’s
hesitation. But now it w’as too late.
The song of the runners over the ice
made him drowsy; he dozed off, and
finally fell into a deep sleep.

  “Crunch, splash!”

  His slumber was brought to an abrupt
end by the boat breaking through the

ice and sailing beyond into open water.
The frozen sheet had terminated, and
his course now lay through w'ater once
again. But a new element entered to
disturb his equilibrium. The hours of
friction over the ice had worn the keel
of the boat down until it traveled along
on the unprotected plates of the bottom,
wearing the metal so thin that the water
squirted into the boat in a heavy spray.

  Norton seized a scoop and began to
bail furiously, not daring to stop even
long enough to take his bearings. How
long he had slept, or how far he had
traveled during that time he had no way
of determining.

  It was nip and tuck now between the
rise of the water in the bottom of the
boat and the speed with which he
could work the scoop. Hour after hour
he kept bailing, but it was a losing fight.
Slowly the water rose, first to his
ankles, next half way up his leg—thdn
the light went out. The generator, which
he had failed to inclose in a waterproof
housing, had been short-circuited. True,
there wras his pocket flashlight, but he
must conserve the precious batteries for
future emergencies, for only God knew
when he would be able to find his way
out of this dismal subterranean chamber.

TTriTH head bent low and his mind
on the immediate task of bailing,
Norton did not see the dark solid mass
that loomed up ahead. Steadily the
boat bore down upon this obstruction. A
collision was inevitable. As the bow of
the vessel crashed into an unyielding
substance, the professor jerked his head
around and tried to jump. But it was too
late. With irresistible force the boat tele-
scoped itself into buckled and twisted
steel plates. Norton’s body fetched up
hard against a hard substance and every-
thing went black.

  Slowly consciousness returned to the
man. Living fires were searing his
NORTH GOD’S TEMPLE

107

frame; warmfi red blood oozed from a
dozen cuts and scratches; one arm hung
immobile and useless, with a broken col-
lar-bone protruding through the torn
flesh.

  Looking around with dazed eyes, Nor-
ton found himself on a narrow plateau
above the reach of the water. What re-
mained of the boat had probably sunk
from sight when he was hurled clear
of the wreckage.

  Cautiously he stretched out one leg,
then the other. They, at least, were
intact. After a half dozen exhausting
attempts, he was able to raise his body
on his shaky legs, and hold himself erect
by leaning heavily against a cold, hard
wall. Now he became curious. The
scientist within him had taken control
over the obstacle of physical pain and
mental fatigue. He ran his hand up
and down the side of the massive ob-
ject. It was glass-smooth to the touch.
With his good arm he managed to reach
the flashlight in his pocket. Luckily it
had escaped destruction.

  He swept the beam upward. There,
towering some two hundred feet above
him was an obelisk-like tower of gleam-
ing ebony! A hundred windows cut
its smooth surface, while at the top,
crowning the summit, was a huge ball
studded with crystal window’s that
flashed back his light in a cascade of
spectral colors.

  Norton’s eyes gleamed writh a fanatic
fire. Here was his goal, the proof that
his researches and experiments had not
been misdirected!

  The base of the obelisk flared out to
the platform on which he stood, and
then disappeared from sight under the
inky water. How much of it was below
the surface Norton had no means of
knowing, but he judged that at least
seventy-five feet would be needed to
stably support the mass of the huge
tower.

  When he attempted to walk he found
his back glued to the wall. He tugged
and pulled frantically, but to no avail.
Then he grinned sheepishly and reached
around for an object in his hip pocket.
The heavy automatic pistol he pulled out
immediately flew from his grasp, crashed
solidly against the wall, and stuck there!
It was the steel of the pistol which had
held him. He wras now released and
free.

  "Magnetite; although a thousand
times more powerful,” he exclaimed, ex-
amining the substance closely, “yet it is
different from any mineral found on
our earth. Yes, I am positive that this
structure was hurled from some far
planet.” And he whispered in an awed
voice: “The message was right, it must
be the Temple of the Magnetic God!”

  Working his way cautiously around
the base of the structure, which he
found to be octagonal and approximately
fifty feet across, he came to the entrance
he was seeking. A circular doorway,
gloomy and uninviting led to the inside
of the temple. He had left his pistol
adhering to the outer wall, yet without
any thought of fear, he boldly entered
and flashed his light around. The next
moment he regretted his lack of caution.

  AS he turned his head he drew back
±1 with a jump, to stare right into
the vacant eye sockets of a monstrous
skull! And strewn about within the
chamber were hundreds of other skulls
and bones of the creatures who had
worshipped and died here. The air was
dank with the odor of death and decay,
the walls wrere festooned with rotted
draperies, the floor slimy from the ebb
and flow of the water that had flooded
the place periodically.

  He nerved himself to examine the re-
mains more closely. The bones were
green with mould and crumbled to pow-
der at his touch. It was evident at a
108

AMAZING STORIES

glance that the creatures who had used
the temple for worship were not human
beings in any sense of the word as ap-
plied upon the earth.

  The skull was massive, measuring
more than a foot across and shaped not
unlike that of a huge bird, yet it had a
high and deep cranium, denoting the
possession of an enormous degree of in-
telligence. The thorax was short, and
the thigh bones of the four legs un-
believably small; but the two arms,
terminating in delicate phalanges in-
dicated that the creature had twelve ex-
tremely sensitive fingers that could only
have been possessed by a race skilled in
performing precision work or operating
complicated machines.

  Glancing up from the bones at his
feet, Professor Norton’s eyes riveted
themselves upon a circular opening in
the middle of the vaulted roof. The
opening appeared small to him below,
but it was undoubtedly large enough
to admit the priests of the temple to the
chambers where they had lived and
worked. The shaft was as smooth as
the bore of a shot gun, and he could
detect no means of reaching it to gain
access to the upper part of the temple.

  “They might have used ladders,” he
mused, “but creatures possessing the
intelligence of these surely must have
employed a more efficient system—some
type of elevator, perhaps.”

  This thought gave him an idea. He
took out his pocket knife and held it in
the palm of his hand. “Whizz! It was
whisked aloft straight into the shaft.

  “That’s the answer, a magnetic ele-
vator! Now, to find the car.”

 He kicked away some rubbish and
bones and discovered a circular trap
door directly below the shaft. At first
he imagined that it led to the basement
of the structure, but he now realized that
it had some bearing upon the mode of

ascent. After considerable scratching
around he found the combination, and
as he pushed a button the trap-door sank
down slightly then slid aside, revealing
a car that resembled a huge iron pot.
Boldly he stepped into it, and taking a
chance, pulled a lever that projected
from its side. At once the released
vehicle shot up into the air and entered
the opening like the plunger of a
solenoid. Up it went, until it came to
rest at the first level.

  Eagerly Norton stepped out into a
laboratory that was filled with strange
looking machinery and instruments.
With the eagerness of a small boy in
a toy shop, the red-bearded scientist
minutely examined ever}* item and with
fond hands caressed the fine mechanisms.
Some of them he understood, but there
was much more that puzzled him.

  The problem of descending in the
elevator was solved when after trying the
various controls in the car, he discovered
the one that served to neutralize the mag-
netic force, permitting the car to drop
by gravity.

  On an upper level he found the elec-
trical generating plant in an operative
condition. Fortunately all the metals
used by these creatures were non-cor-
rosive, which accounted for the perfect
preservation of the equipment. He
threw a switch, and at once the room,
and in fact the entire tower, lit up
with a soft sea-green light that illum-
inated perfectly without dazzling the
eyes. Now he had sufficient light to
continue his search for the thing that
had lured him into making this perilous
journey—the Records of the Magnetic
God which he instinctively felt must be
hidden somewhere in this very tower.

TT was three days before his search
■*- was rewarded by finding the records
in a sealed chamber at the summit of
the temple. The records consisted of a
NORTH GOD’S TEMPLE

109

strip of metal tape, wound on a reel, like
a motion picture film. The tape ran
through a complicated looking apparatus
composed of coils of wire and tubes, to
reappear on a take-up reel at the other
end. And near by was the fast disinte-
grating remains of the last of the Mag-
netic people. Judging by the condition
of its body it must have been alive not
many months ago.

  “This device must be the one that
translates the magnetic impressions into
thought waves, and was apparently
operated recently by this creature to
send out the very waves that I was able
to intercept with my magnetograph back
in the museum! Now to get it working
again . . .”

  This, however, was no easy task. Day
after day he drove his pain-racked body
to the almost helpless problem of dis-
covering the riddle of this complicated
piece of apparatus. It was not until
three weeks that the tape gave up its
secret. But in his weakened condition
Norton felt but scant triumph. His
wounds pained excruciatingly and the
broken collar-bone was an added source
of worry, although he had managed to
bind his arm securely to avoid moving
it.

  At first he had faced starvation with
a stoical calmness, but the pangs of
hunger had driven him to swallow some
pills that appeared palatable, whereupon
he discovered that they contained all the
nourishment he would need for many
days.

  Now into the brain of the red-bearded
scientist the machine Hashed the story
of the great race who had worshipped
in the Temple of the Magnetic God. And
these thought-waves impressed upon his
mind the struggles, the triumphs, the
ultimate disasters that will always be
the lot of all creatures of the universe.

  The records told of a far planet that

once moved majestically between the
orbits of Mars and Jupiter, harboring a
race of intelligent and scientifically ad-
vanced people who chose for their god
that father of all power, Magnetism.
Then came the catastrophe . . . the fierce
terrifying temblors of their planet . . .
its cleavage into a million fragments,
which were hurled far into space . . .
the landing of the temple upon the
planet earth in what was now called
Tana Fiord. Deep into the bowels of
the earth, into a subterranean sea, the
majestic temple bored its way, carrying
its load of creatures. During its swift
passage, the highly magnetized temple
induced its magnetism into the body of
iron ore through which it passed, and it
was this force that held the “Seahorse”
in its grip and pulled Professor Norton’s
boat into the passage. For on the earth
there was no magnetic force prior to the
coming of the Temple of the Magnetic
God; this was the beginning, the origin
of the mysterious terrestrial magnetism.

  Gradually the creatures adapted them-
selves to the strange underground ex-
istence and managed to survive. They
soon discovered that their huge magnetic
temple appeared to change its location
periodically. This was explained by
the tendency of the magnetic drag,
created by the tower, to hold it station-
ary, while the earth whirled around and
away from it on its axis. The drag
served to retard it so that it apparently
made a complete circle around the
north axis of the globe every 480
years.*

  “Exactly the same period as the sec-
ular change of declination of the mag-
netic pole!” Norton exclaimed. “I won-
der-”

  *	It has been long known that the magnetic north pole
does not coincide, with the true north pole, or the end of
the earth’s axis. This affects the course of ships at sea.
and is_ called declination or variation. Not only does this
variation differ in various parts of the earth, but it is
constantly shifting in a westerly direction at the rate of
one complete cycle in 480 years. At present the north
magnetic pole is on Boothia Peninsula in Canada, ap-
proximately 70° north latitude and 96' west longitude.
110

AMAZING STORIES

L_T IS musings were interrupted by
an awesome swirling sound. He
looked down from the window at the
top of the temple to see the black w'ater
surging upwards at an alarming rate.
Down in the lower chambers the re-
mains of the magnetic creatures, the
machinery and the debris were already
swishing about. Now the water reached
the generators; the lights grew dim and
went out. Norton climbed up high in
the dome of the temple, clinging to a
projecting ledge with his good arm.
With blood-shot eyes he watched the
black, inky fluid rush in through the
elevator shaft, wash away the translator
machines and the precious Records of
the Magnetic God and reach relentlessly
upward to gather him in its clutches.

  Suddenly Norton held his breath and
listened. Clearly he could hear it! Or
was it a delusion? Coming from far
off was the screech of the “Seahorse’s”
whistle!

 The Temple of the Magnetic God
swayed dangerously as Darius Norton
struggled desperately to maintain his
precarious hold. Then the water reached
for him and sucked him into the seething

maelstrom to disappear with a horrify-
ing scream . . .

*	* *

CULLEN stood on the bridge of
the “Seahorse” when she slowly
steamed into a cove on Boothia
Peninsula. Tucked away in Professor
Norton’s duffle bag he found a hastily
scrawled note. It read:

  “It is futile to try to find me as by
the time you read this I will be dead or
many miles from here. There is one
chance. Leave here at once and proceed
to Boothia Peninsula, to site of present
magnetic north pole and wait. Norton.”
Now Cullen was taking readings of
the force from the near-by magnetic pole
with a unifilar magnetometer, when the
needle of the instrument began to swing
wildly. In his excitement he yanked the
whistle cord to call his colleagues. The
screech of the whistle reverberated over
the silent wastes and re-echoed from the
distant ice caps. It reached into the far
corners of the north country, and deep
into the bowels of the earth where the
man who had discovered the secret of
the magnetic pole, sank with his secret,
into the waters that buried him forever
within the North God’s Temple.

                      The End

OTTO VON GUERICKE—PHLOGISTON

  We publish a most interesting letter from
Mr. John A. Campbell, Jr. Some months ago
in an editorial we spoke of an “error'’ in me-
chanics which was perpetrated by von Guericke
in having one team of horses pull against an-
other in demonstrating the Magdeburg hemis-
pheres. Eight horses would have done as well
as sixteen, if he had tied his hemispheres to a
tree.

  “Your editorial interested me, as usual, but
I disagree with your point on von Guericke’s
hemispheres. I always felt the old boy was a
darned good showman as well as a scientist.
Hitching sixteen horses, against each other, is
at least twice as spectacular as eight horses and
a tree. If I had been in his place, I would do
the same. There is more energy in a pint of
gasoline than in a stick of dynamite—but most
people don’t believe it.

  “And here is an interesting point on the old
phlogiston’ theory that I read recently. Re-
member that ‘phlogiston’ didn't really flourish
after the weight experiments, so the futile at-
tempts made to carry it over aren’t true criteria
of its worth.

  "But—for ‘phlogiston’ substitute the phrase
'potential energy’ and the old boys were dead
right. They would say Carbon—phlogiston-
carbon dioxide. While we now agree that:
Carbon—potential energy—carbon dioxide. In
other words, ‘phlogiston’ was potential energy!

  “As a hobby, mainly, I’m working on a fuel
battery. I have one made up in a water glass
that will give as high as 8 watts per cell, and
three cells run a flashlight bulb.—It polarizes
though—but nevertheless it is a fuel battery.1'

—John W. Campbell, Jr.
Ill

  Shot Into Space

 By ISAAC R. NATHANSON

This is a very interesting story of what might happen in the future to a high-
speed rocket plane. A runaway horse is really a pretty serious thing in many
cases, but he covers his mile at a mere fraction of the rate of a rocket plane,
and this story tells us the adventures of some brave men who were rocketed

   off into space.

  Illustrated by MOREY

Roosevelt field was a

scene of buzzing excitement.
A vast multitude had gathered
„to witness the daring pioneers

        *	take off in their new rocket-
plane on the widely heralded flight to
“Europe in three hours.”

  From all sides they came; on foot and
by motor, by train, by airplane and every
other conveyance; crowding the highways
and byways and every approach to the
famous landing-field, eager and curious
to be on hand for the epochal event. An
army of guards were heroically battling
to keep the turbulent masses from over-
running the entire field. Itching fingers,
idle hands were with difficulty kept at a
proper distance from the precious plane.

  Three hours to Europe! A combina-
tion rocket-plane under full control, that
was to cleave through the rarified atmos-
phere twenty to fifty miles above the
earth’s surface at unheard of speed!

  It had never been tried before. Could
they do it? Would they burst to pieces?
Would they land alive? On every hand
doubts and wonder were freely expressed;
the tense excitement attaining a high
pitch, as the moment for the great take-
off drew near.

  At one end of the field, carefully
cleared of all obstructions, rested the

Meteor, her shining wings proudly poised
like some huge bird ready for flight; on
her glistening sides emblazoned the con-
fident legend, “America to Europe in
Three Hours." Near the entrance stood
the two men who were about to make
history: Joshua Malcolm, inventor and
pilot of the Meteor, and his aid and co-
pilot, Edward King.

  The great moment had arrived; every-
thing was in readiness. With a wave of
the hand to the expectant multitude, the
brave aviators stepped inside and closed
the hermetically sealed entrance to the
double-shelled body. The faint hum of
the air-conditioning machinery inside
could be heard; the two aviators at the
controls were visible through the quart-
zite ports. A strange silence fell on the
immense multitude.

  At the signal, the propellers began to
spin. The Meteor moved forward, gath-
ered momentum, took off lightly as a
feather; and, engines roaring, sailed
away.

  A thousand feet up and rising steadily,
her stern rocket tubes suddenly flared.
Up, up and away the Meteor shot, leav-
ing behind a long blazing trail from her
fiery rockets; and soon disappeared into
the azure deeps of the sky.

  Fifty miles up, the powerful liquid
112	AMAZING STOBIES

 Slowly he backed away and stood in the corner of the cabin, cowed into
 furious submission by the levelled automatic in the hands of his companion.
SHOT INTO SPACE

113

propellant, hissing from the rocket tubes
with explosive force, was driving the
vessel toward its goal in distant France
at a speed of upwards of twelve hundred
miles per hour. Soon they were far out
over the billowing Atlantic; the steady
thrust of their rocket tubes speeding them
on and on, higher and faster than any
human being had ever gone before.

  They had been on the way half an
hour, Josh Malcolm and Ed King, as they
sat at the controls, thrilling at their suc-
cess so far. Inside their vessel every-
thing was perfectly comfortable; the
means for controlling the air pressure
and temperature necessary to withstand
the conditions which obtain at such ex-
treme heights were operating perfectly.

  Suddenly a frightful explosion shook
the machine. As if some giant hand had
all at once picked them up, they felt
themselves hurled forward like a shot.
The two men were thrown headlong,
stunned into blank unconsciousness.

FOR a long time they were totally
oblivious to all that was transpiring.
Had an observer been present, he would
have thought both had been killed by
the sudden shock.

  Josh Malcolm was the first to come to
his senses. Dazedly he stirred and looked
about him out of blood-shot eyes. A
fearful bump showed on his forehead.
Blood was oozing from an ugly gash in
the scalp, head aching abominably, an
excruciating pain in his right shoulder.
He found it hard to collect his thoughts,
and strove to rise, but fell back with a
groan.

  Gradually his senses came back; he re-
membered. He sat up, supporting him-
self unsteadily and looked around.
Heaven, what had happened! Everything
inside the Meteor seemed as before. His
eyes roved to where Ed King was lying
all in a heap, still unconscious—or dead.
To Malcolm’s dazed senses, the position

in which the other lay struck him as
ludicrous in the extreme; face turned
sideways on the floor, knees grotesquely
drawn up under him; his position against
the corner of the wall preventing him
from rolling over. A pool of blood
trickled on the floor.

  Collecting himself, Josh tried to walk
toward his fallen comrade; felt himself
queerly light, swayed dizzily and fell
featherlike to the floor. Everything was
swimming and turning. Yet, oddly
enough, he had a sensation of utter calm
and rest, as if they had landed some-
where.

  He closed his eyes for a few moments;
then, feeling better, raised himself to a
sitting position and looked around. He
was strangely puzzled by what greeted
his eyes. Outside, the sky was a dead
black, brilliantly studded with stars that
blazed as he had never seen them blaze
before. And yet—and this puzzled him
the more—brilliant sunshine was stream-
ing in through the quartz-glass ports on
the startboard side. Otherwise, outside
of the soft purring of the air-conditioning
machinery, everything was quiet as a
tomb.

  Still puzzled, and wondering whether
he was still in the flesh or only in the
spirit, he made his way unsteadily, with
a feeling of utter weightlessness, to where
his companion lay. Ed was breathing.
From a frightful gash on his head and
from battered mouth, blood was flowing.
Quickly as he could Josh stanched the
flow. The unconscious man slowly re-
vived, his eyes rolling wildly with pain
and fright.

  Presently with clearing minds, they
took stock of themselves. Both were still
weak and dizzy from the shock and loss
of blood; but otherwise they suffered
from no broken bones nor serious injury.

  Upon looking out of the ports, they
beheld an amazing sight. Aft of the
Meteor, looming indescribably large, was
114

AMAZING STORIES

a brilliant globe, many times larger than
the full moon; the wanly shining lunar
orb by its side dwarfed and paled into
insignificance by the size and brilliancy
of the larger globe. In unbelieving amaze-
ment they stood and gazed on the won-
derful spectacle ; the truth beginning to
dawn on their surprised senses.

  “Heavens!” exclaimed Josh Malcolm;
“it looks as if we have shot away from
the earth altogether!”

A STRANGE unlooked for thing had
happened indeed. Something had
gone wrong, causing an enormous amount
of the liquid propellant to explode all in
one charge instead of firing steadily and
under control, hurling the speeding Me-
teor far out into space away from the
earth. The terrific force of the explosion
tore away a large portion of the stern,
including some of the rocket tubes, but
fortunately leaving intact the air-tight
cabin and other vital parts.

  Experienced scientist and navigator
that he was, it did not take Josh Malcolm
very long to calculate within fairly close
limits, their true position in space, and
whither they were going—and they were
not heading for the earth!

  “Well—?” questioningly from Ed
King, who stood near, as the other pushed
back the sheets of paper on which he
had just completed a long series of math-
ematical calculations. “How do we
stand ?”

  Josh looked up, stared steadily at his
companion, a serious expression in his
dark brown eyes, seemingly hesitant about
speaking his thoughts.

  “Well, what have you figured out?” Ed
spoke up impatiently; “are we on the way
to Heaven, or—?”

  “Ed, I’m afraid we’re in for it. I’m
loth to tell you where we are going; but
we’re not bound for our world. In fact,
we’re not going anywhere in particular
—just going.”

  “WThat do you mean?”

  “I mean that we are in His hands—
God help us.”

  Ed stared at Josh in an uncomprehend-
ing manner, a look of terror gradually
bulging his eyes wide open.

  “We are now about thirty thousand
miles from the earth,” explained Josh
to his terrified companion, “and still re-
ceding with the rate due to an initial
velocity of 6.95 miles per second. As
near as I can figure out, the sudden ex-
plosion of an enormous amount of the
liquid propellant, coming just as we were
already moving through the vacuous at-
mosphere at twelve hundred miles an hour
clip, shot up far out into space. Lucky
we weren’t killed outright—perhaps un-
lucky,” he added gloomily. “A trifle
larger explosion, or at the rate of 6.98
miles per second, and we should have
left the gravitational pull of the earth
forever—although we are just as bad off
either way. The Meteor is now a satellite
of the earth—at least for a time.”

  “But isn’t there some way we may
guide her back to the earth ?” came croak-
ingly from Ed, who seemed to shrink
within himself.

  Josh shook his head mournfully. “None
that I can see. This vessel was not de-
signed for that purpose. If I start the
rocket tubes again we’ll only shoot along
faster, and leave the earth altogether. At
present I can see no way to change our
line of movement.”

  The expression of wild terror in Ed’s
countenance heightened, and he turned
away. “God, but I’m thirsty,” he ex-
claimed presently; “I must have a drink.”
“Wait, Ed; go slow,” Josh cried, jump-
ing up excitedly; the effort bouncing him
clear to the ceiling, from which he fell
slow-motion-like, back to the floor, be-
wildered and surprised at his inability to
control his motions. “You know our
supply is very limited. We’ve got to con-
serve, or-”
SHOT INTO SPACE

115

“T DON’T give a damn—the sooner
J. over with it the better. Besides I’m
terribly thirsty and I’ve got to have a
drink.” He looked belligerently at his
companion.

  “Well, you know what I mean, Ed.
I realize you’re thirsty after your loss of
blood; and so am I. But we must ration

our supply sensibly. Otherwise-” with

this, Josh with some difficulty got be-
tween Ed and the all too mournfully
small container. Carefully he drew a
small quantity of the precious fluid and
handed it to Ed, who drank eagerly. Josh
drew an equally small portion and drank
himself.

  Then they ruefully examined their all
too meager larder. Not counting on an
extended trip, they had taken along a
limited quantity of food. In fact, Ed had
thought it foolish to take along anything
but a few sandwiches at the most. But
Josh, who was of an extremely provident
nature, had decided it prudent, in the
possibility of a forced landing, to take
along a small supply of food and water.

  A careful analysis of their dreadful
situation disclosed that, with extreme hus-
banding, they had food for a few days,
water for only about a week, and, pro-
viding nothing went wrong with the air-
conditioning machinery, enough air and
reserve oxygen to last twelve days at the
very outside!

ARTHER and farther from the
planet circled the two unfortunate
men in their craft, their little world
an infinitesimal speck in the immensities
of space.

  For days it had now been going on;
the same cramped life, the same dreadful
doom clutching at their hearts. To the
despairing aviators it seemed that they
were besieged—the mighty power of the
infinite outside grimly waiting for their
end.

The huge ball of the earth, gradually

shrinking in size, hung in the dark depths
of space; so tantalizingly near it seemed.
It loomed big and beautiful, the ever
changing outlines on its surface appear-
ing, disappearing; now becoming sharp,
here and there hazy and melting. The
smaller ball of the moon seemed pale and
insignificant beside the kaleidoscopic as-
pect of the brilliantly colorful primary.

  But the two doomed pioneers now had
no eye nor thought for the magnificent
spectacle thus vouchsafed to no other
living men. Hunger and thirst were tear-
ing at their vitals. Stark fear and linger-
ing death within: pitiless, cold space with-
out.

  Of the two, Josh Malcolm was hold-
ing out better, as men of stronger mind
and nerve usually do. He took the dread-
ful predicament with remarkable stoicism.
The other, however, was becoming in-
creasingly restless; stark terror stamping
him with its indelible mark.

  Carefully and meticulously Josh ra-
tioned out their dreadfully fast dwindling
supply of food and water; the while his
companion watched his every move with
jealous eyes. Morsel by morsel, drop by
drop; the tiniest crumb carefully re-
trieved, their tongues licking the smallest
drop.

  “I can’t stand this confounded thirst
any longer,” Ed exclaimed often and
again, an insane look in his eyes.

  More than once Josh forcibly had to
restrain the thirst-maddened man from
draining the pitifully limited supply still
on hand. At times they came near to
blows. Josh slept fitfully with one eye
literally open, the precious remainder of
food and water at his side. More than
once he barely prevented the other from
helping himself while he slept, awaken-
ing just in time to frustrate Ed’s selfish
attempt. The last time he was forced
to strike the maddened man a sharp blow
on the face to cause him to desist; and
a fight was narrowly averted.
116

AMAZING STORIES

  “We might as well eat and drink what
is left,” Ed said, “and end it all the
sooner. I can’t stand it.”

  To these demands Josh was adamant.
His was the type of character that holds
out unflinchingly to the end, never giv-
ing up. He continued a close watch on
his companion.

  Interminably the long minutes and the
hours dragged by: each minute a day;
each hour a year. ■ Would the end never
come?

THREE days since their last crumb
had been consumed. They were
famished and weak from hunger. A few
small rations of water still remained to
them, and when that was gone . . . Al-
ready they were drawing on their last
reserve of compressed air and oxygen.
The air inside was none too pure.

  Every plan of forcing their living tomb
earthward was futile; in fact there was
no way for them to do so. They had no
equipment even for going outside—no
such contingency had been counted on by
the inventor. The end now could not be
far off.

  Josh still kept up his daily observa-
tions, doggedly making calculations. He
found that the radial velocity of the
Meteor was gradually diminishing to
zero; by this time having receded to about
300,000 miles from the earth—fortunate-
ly in a direction away from the orbit of
the moon.

  Then one day, as days were counted by
his chronometer, his face lightened up.
Eagerly he went over his equations.

  “Ed, he shouted joyfully, “we are
drawing closer to the earth.”

  Ed stirred himself from his torpor;
advanced eagerly toward Josh. “Are you
sure, are you sure?” His hands opened
and closed spasmodically.

  And then, after a further look at his
calculations, Josh’s face fell in hopeless
dejection. “I’m sorry to have raised

false hopes, Ed,” he spoke sadly; “but I
guess I rejoiced too soon. I find that
though our centrifugal force is not equal
to the gravitational pull of the earth, and
though as a consequence we are now be-
ginning to fall back to it—I fear too
slowly to save us. It will take about a
week before we approach the upper at-
mosphere, close enough for our wings to
take hold and maneuver a landing. By
that time ... I don’t think we shall be
alive.”

  It was true. At first imperceptibly,
then at an accelerating rate, the Meteor
was drawing closer and closer to the
earth. The initial momentum of its
radial component was exhausted. Gravita-
tion was now forcing it earthward; at
first slowly, then faster and faster; until
it would approach the planet with the
same velocity of 6.95 miles per second
with which it departed.

  Josh took careful stock of their remain-
ing few drinks of water and small supply
of air. “Only enough air for five days
at the most, Ed. We may last without
food—but the water and air . . . Not
enough for two. We are doomed!”
“You mean—our present supply is
just enough for—for—that one could
survive ?”

  Josh nodded. “I think so.”

  “But no chance for the two of us?”
The other shook his head negatively.
Silently he turned to one of the ports
and stood staring long and hopelessly at
the pitiless emptiness without.

  He heard a movement behind him, and
wheeled around.

“T’VE just got to have a drink of that
  -*■ water.”

  “Not time yet, Ed; in three hours.”
“But I tell you I must have a drink.”
“In three hours we shall each take two
swallows. For God’s sake, Ed, keep your

senses.”

  “Well then, let’s toss up: it’s either you
SHOT INTO SPACE

117

or I. There is not enough air and water
for two; that would give one of us at
least a chance to come through.” And
he looked craftily at Josh, greed and
mad cunning playing on his features.
“Let’s draw; and whoever loses can put
himself out with your automatic. I’d
rather die than go on any longer where
there is no hope.”

  Josh shook his head. “I’ll not commit
murder or suicide. It’s share and share
alike to the last drop and the last breath.”

  “You’re a fool and a coward,” hissed
Ed.

  Josh refrained from answering, and
turned to look out of the window port.

  Suddenly Ed threw himself upon him
and snatched at his automatic, the only
firearm in their possession, which Josh
had been guarding carefully. They grap-
pled and, both being etherially light and
unsteady of foot, fell to the floor. In the
struggle which ensued, Josh wrenched
the automatic from the other’s hand, and
it fell like a feather to the floor out of
the reach of either.

  Weak though both were, they battled
with frenzied energy, each striving to
pick up the fallen weapon. They were
about evenly matched for weight and
strength. Josh drove a hard right at Ed,
who dodged the blow which was absurdly
ineffective due to their lack of weight,
causing the former, however, to slip to
one knee. In a flash the other leaped for
the automatic, but was tripped headlong
as Josh entwined his arms football fash-
ion around the frenzied man’s legs.

  Over and over the two men rolled,
bouncing, cursing and yelling, striving for
mastery. The none too fresh air made
them gasp for breath. Their struggle was
a tragi-comedy-farce, ludicrous in the ex-
treme; for at their distance from the
earth they were practically weightless,
their weight being only about 1/5800 as
much as at its surface. They jumped and
bounced and floated about this way and

that, locked in each other’s arms; their
mightiest blows landing feather-like, their
quickest motions ridiculously slow. It
was like some silly dream, without con-
trol or effectiveness. In their ineffectual
struggles Ed happened to bounce clear to
the other end of the cabin, and Josh re-
trieved the automatic.

  Ed rose slowly to his feet, eyes blood-
shot, features distorted with meanness.
Slowly he backed away and stood in the
comer of the cabin, cowed into furious
submission by the levelled automatic in
the hands of his companion, who was
facing him with set jaw and glinting eye.

  “Stand still and don’t move, Ed; or,
by Heaven, so long as you are determined
that one of us shall pass out—you will
be the one. You’re a dastardly coward,
a treacherous hyena. For shame: I
thought you were a man!”

  Ed cowered sullenly, somewhat brought
to his senses. “Oh, all right; have it
your way. Soon we’ll see each other in
hell anyway.”

  “Yes, I will have my way. The least
we can do in our terrible circumstance is
to die like men, not like wolves. And
now let us understand each other: At
the least sign of treachery on your part
again, I’ll not hesitate, but shall shoot to
kill.”

XT'ROM then on it became a strange
contest, almost a curious form of
siege. The two men kept a wary eye on
each other, speaking but little, coming
near only when it was time for Josh to
pass out the scanty swallow or two of
water. Ed would gulp his portion; then
greedily look on as Josh slowly sipped
his own portion, allowing the precious
liquid to trickle slowly drop by drop past
his swollen lips into his parched system.

  The lack of sufficient food and water
was telling heavily. Their mouths and
throats were leathery and burning dry.
To speak even was an effort. Faces were
118

AMAZING STORIES

gaunt and drawn; bodies thin and weak
from hunger and thirst.

  At times, and with increasing fre-
quency, Josh himself felt that something
within him must snap. Often he caught
himself slipping into momentary lapses
of consciousness, only to arouse himself
with a jerk.

  For he could not trust the slowly gath-
ering insanity of the man before him.
In their desperate plight the true charac-
ter of the other was showing itself—his
selfishness, his greed and ruthlessness.
One never knows what lurks in a man
until put to the test.

  That Ed King was determined to sur-
vive if possible at his expense Josh now
knew only too well. Except when asleep
or in a stupor, the half insane man
watched Josh’s every move, never taking
his eyes off him, although pretending to
appear disinterested. Full well Josh knew
that even if he did agree by lot as to
who should remain alive with the last of
their water and air, the other would not
abide by the draw.

  As things stood their situation was ab-
solutely hopeless. If only they had pro-
vided themselves with a slightly larger
supply of water and oxygen, just a few
more days supply—foolish if—there
would have been strong hope for both of
them. But now, a horrible death for the
two was inescapable, days ere their craft
crashed to the earth with no one alive
to control its downward plunge—unless
—unless one or the other. . . .

  Horrible thought! He could not bear
it. His fibre was not made of that stuff.
Countless of his forebears, long since
gone and forgotten, had died for their
comrades and for each other, for their
country, for a cause. Into his innermost
nature heroism had been burned on many
a battlefield. He could not turn coward
now.

  And yet, life was sweet. He was so
young. He hated to die thus. What had

he done to deserve such a horrible fate!
All his hopes and ambitions, all the won-
derful things he had planned to cTo, to
enjoy. He looked down at his feet, his
legs; he studied his fingers, his hands;
felt of his chest, his face—what precious
things they were. And now, he would
soon be forced to give up his body, so
full of life and vibrant desire.

ED sat sullenly on the opposite side,
mumbling and cursing to himself.
Josh, too, was too weak to do more than
sit and hope—hope for what! What
miracle could happen!

  Perhaps he was a fool. Perhaps . . .
he ought to save himself, the only last
desperate thing to do. Had he not al-
ways heard it said that self-preservation
is the first law of nature? Assuredly the
other would not hesitate a moment if the
automatic were in his hand! Why not ?
Did not the other, by his very act of
treachery, forfeit his life?—he, himself
win the right to live? Was it wrong un-
der the circumstance?—what would the
world have to say about it? what would
anybody else do if he were in his place?
Or was he a fool to save his soul and
lose his life!

  Confusedly his tortured mind spun
round and round the treadmill of his
thoughts; his soul bitter as gall, his heart
full of rebellion at his terrible fate.

  No! He could not do it. The instinct
of self-sacrifice and mutual aid, developed
through the ages, and which had made
man great, setting him above the beasts,
was very strong in him, stronger than the
instincts of the tiger and the wolf. He
would not purchase his life at the expense
of another’s! He would die like a man!

T T E was very weak and tired. He
dared not allow himself the recup-
erative powers of undisturbed sleep. In
that he was much worse oft than his
companion who perforce slept more than
SHOT INTO SPACE

119

he. Josh had to snatch his sleep in fitful
dozes, automatic always in hand, weak-
ened senses on edge.

  During his dozes he dreamed a great
deal. Always he was drinking great
drafts of cold water, breathing deeply of
fresh air, or feasting luxuriously. He
dreamed he was at home. Through the
open windows, looking out on their beau-
tiful garden, delightful breezes blew,
wafting to his nostrils the sweet smell of
green and growing things. In front of
him, piled high, was a table full of food,
the huge pile on his own plate seemingly
growing bigger as he gorged and gorged,
his wife urging him to eat, saying there
W’as plenty more. And at his side was a
tall goblet of sparkling water which he
emptied continuously, yet somehow never
seemed to have enough.

  Something made him open his eyes, he
knew not what. He had forgotten him-
self, had fallen asleep. Over him, loom-
ing huge and gigantic to his startled
senses, stood King, hand upraised, clutch-
ing a large wrench, ready to strike.

  Instinctively he ducked, and received a
blow on the shoulder. Before his enemy
could deliver another blow, he grappled
with him, striving to pull his automatic;
but the other was too quick for him, and
prevented him from firing. Arms w-ound
around each other, they began to enact
the same tragi-farcical dance; Ed strug-
gling to free his right arm which held the
wrench, the other striving to employ his
firearm.

  Josh fought desperately with the fren-
zied half-mad King, who kicked and
clawed and gouged and bit. In their
struggles the automatic was discharged;
a stream of bullets pierced the madman’s
body.

  Josh tore himself loose. His enemy lay
quite still. He never regained conscious-
ness.

  Exhausted from the desperate struggle
for his life, and weak from lack of nour-

ishment, Josh lay down and fell into a
long needed sleep.

ALONE in his silent tomb. A mo-
tionless figure, the upper part of
his lifeless body and his face covered, was
outside, moving with the Meteor. Poor
Ed. From the sunward side, the fierce
rays of the sun illumined every nook and
cranny of the interior; oddly enough it
seemed, for the brilliantly star-studded
blackness of space show’ed against the
ports.

  Inside, the air was close and fetid,
although, thanks to the radiant energy
of the sun, comfortably warm. He was
on his last reserve of compressed air
and oxygen.

  Two days since his swollen dry lips
had drained the very ultimate, last drop
of water. Not a bit of food had passed
his mouth for over a week. Yet this he
did not mind so much. But that dreadful
thirst! Sometimes he was tempted to
open the outer exit and let the inrushing
cold end it all in merciful instantane-
ousness.

  Two days yet ere the Meteor would
reach the outermost molecules of the
earth’s atmosphere. He must husband
his fast-ebbing strength; felt he could
hold out if only the air would last that
long. He knew that when his vessel be-
gan rushing through the outer confines of
the vacuous atmosphere, he must have
sufficient strength to start the motors,
must guide the craft safely to solid land
—must not allow too swift a rush through
the heavier layers of air to prevent burn-
ing up like a meteor. His great velocity
must be retarded slowly, gradually, while
still scores of miles up.

  He husbanded every ounce of his
strength, lying perfectly still most of the
time to conserve the vitiated air. Now
and then he continued his observations.
The Meteor was now approaching the
earth on a fast in-running spiral. The
120

AMAZING STORIES

huge body of the planet now filled more
than a quarter of the sky. Soon, soon,
the crucial process of landing would tax
his knowledge and skill.

WHILE still miles above the surface,
he had started the engines—a su-
preme effort for his lone and wasted
strength. But they were now going; the
propellers spinning.

  He made ready in plenty of time.
The very sound and feel of the throb-
bing motors was like sweet music to his
ears, a sweet caress to his tortured nerves.

  Not a drop of water for nearly four
days. He was gasping for the air, which
was now almost unbreathable. Any un-
looked for delay in landing would be
fatal.

  Summoning all his remaining reserve
of strength through sheer power of will,
he stood tense at the controls. Under-
neath, the surface of the earth loomed
welcomingly, immense and wide, bathed
in brilliant sunshine. He could make out
no details even with his glass. Every-
thing was completely obscured by a vast
storm-area; the outerside of the cloud
banks reflecting the dazzling rays of the
sun.

  He was moving through the silence
with frightful speed. Any moment he
would begin to feel the retarding pres-
sure of the outposts of the planet’s
atmosphere. He must be careful . . .
careful . . . descend lower slowly, when
resistance against the body and wings
shall have reduced his terrific velocity to
within safe limits; then proceed under
his own controlled power to a safe land-
ing place . . . life and happiness. . . .

  At last he began to feel the cushioning
effect of the resisting atmosphere. Mov-
ing as he was at the residual enormous
velocity, the wings of the Meteor met
sufficient resistance, even in the all but
empty space, to control his rate of
descent. As the friction against the body

The

 and wings gradually reduced his velocity,
 he allowed the vessel to settle lower and
 lower.

   Slowly he settled; still going at five
 thousand miles an hour—three thousand
 —two thousand — steadily decreasing.
 Lower and lower, slower and slower; the
 now cloudless vistas beneath drawing
 near. Thank God!

   He was over land; too weak and dizzy
 to care where; anywhere so it was a
 safe place to land. Green fields, trees,
 roofs of houses, the landscape melting
 and swimming before his eyes. His knees
 sagged. . . . Ah, a large open field. He
 must land—land. . . .

  A heavy thud. As if in a dream he
felt the Meteor bump along the ground
and come to rest . . . blessed land!

   He felt himself going. With his last
 remaining strength he reeled drunkenly
 to the'exit. With his last shred of will he
 unsealed the locks—shouts, voices . . .
 funny; things were getting dark ... the
 floor rising toward him. . . .

A STRANGE face was bending over
him; two faces—no, several. Who
were these people? What was he doing
in that bed ?

  He heard murmuring voices. Funny—
he could not understand a word; such odd
words. He turned his head and looked
around. White room; white clothes—
where in the devil was he!

   Someone was holding his hand, feeling
 his wrist. A pleasant-faced man, with a
 closely cropped beard, was leaning over
 him, talking with such senseless-sounding
 words in a strange language.

   He closed his eyes; inhaled deeply of
 the blessed air; luxuriated in the sweet-
 smelling sheets. He opened his eyes
 again: the smiling face of a white-clad
 girl; a glass tube at his lips—cooling
 water ... he sucked greedily.

   He was in Holland, after thirteen days
 and twenty-one hours in space.

End.
121

‘Photo Control

By BERNARD BROWN, B.Sc.

This contribution from an English author, picturing the London of future
days, and telling of Robots, has an application at the present time when
automobile accidents are so frequent. We are always very glad to receive
stories from abroad. It is so interesting to see how the science fiction
world is treated by those whom we conceive, justly or unjustly, to be the

more conservative English.

Illustrated by MOREY

SLOWLY the bent old man
trudged along the broad avenue
which still bore the name of
the Strand—that inadequate and
traffic-glutted thoroughfare of
the nineteenth and twentieth centuries.
But the rows of shops had long since
vanished and in their place one found
boulevard refreshment gardens and rest
rooms. Where Charing Cross station
used to rear its ugly head was now the
entrance to a park, with streams and
shady walks and all the green pleasures
that Nature could offer.

  Down the middle of the avenue tall
trees waved softly in the summer breeze,
and here and there a bird chirped.

 For London was changed. Gone were
the narrow roadways, gone the noisome
food palaces where hundreds clamored
for their portion of preserved edibles;
but, most of all, gone was the deafen-
ing roar of traffic, of harshly applied
brakes and the occasional morbid crowd,
betokening that some unfortunate had
been unsure of foot.

  But the old man, whom we will Call
Williams, saw none of these things.
Each painful step brought him nearer
the end of his yearly pilgrimage. For
each of the sixty years he had made
the journey ever since the first year

when the streets of the cities of the
world ran with blood.

  At length he reached Remembrance
Square—some still connected it with
Nelson and Trafalgar—and paused to
survey the assembled throng. Many
thousand there must have been, but
they seemed strangely silent, and not a
few bowed their heads as though in
sorrow.

  No longer surly lions guarded the em-
blem of the victor. ' Instead, a circular
pool rippled, cool and inviting. In the
middle of the pool was a tiny islet,
and in the middle of the islet a single
tall pillar of green, rising to a great
height, overshadowing the buildings.
For towering skyscrapers had long since
passed away and the sun of heaven
again illumined the earth.

  Close by stood a group of young
people, excited yet hushed. Someone
whispered “A minute to the hour,” and
Williams turned his head. They were
young; they did not remember. A tremor
shook his frame and he would have
stumbled but for the help of a stranger
who looked at him curiously.

  “It is all right,” he mumbled; “quite
all right, thank you,” and the young
man smiled and rejoined his friends. But
in that instant Williams heard again the
122

AMAZING STORIES

mm

■OSi MW."
it±--i&asi

Violent braking, violent acceleration, sudden swerve, spin round a corner,
stopping, starting, all were carried out with utter precision. And there

                          were no accidents.
PHOTO CONTROL

123

mad laugh of Stewart and saw those
slender fingers hurl a hundred million
to perdition.

  Suddenly a curious silence fell upon
the multitude. It lasted but a moment;
then the air became filled with a clarion
burst as of bugles. They beat into the
brain and woke wonder and fear and
slowly died away while the slender pillar
of green in the center of the islet pulsed
to a blood red.

  Silence—to the old man, death itself.
And yet it brought back memories more
vivid than life.

*	* * * *

  While still at college Bob Williams
had met Vera Stewart and, like most
others, immediately fell in love with
her. It seemed, however, that Bob
was to be the lucky one.

  Soon she took him home and there
he met her father, Jason Stewart, even
then famous as an electric light engi-
neer. It so happened that Bob was spe-
cializing in light and electricity, and
he found much of interest in Stewart’s
conversation.

  As a matter of fact they became fast
friends over a protracted argument.
Just about that time there was a boom
in robot manufacturing, and Bob was
enthusiastic over what he was certain
promised to be the greatest era of mass
production. There had always seemed
to be definite periods when production
along one particular line held the field.
The first was that of the early auto-
mobile; then of radio, though he could
never really understand how people could
enjoy the voices of artists they could
not see. Others came afterwards—the
aeroplane, the televisor, the rocket car.
But between each boom was a lull, when
huge factories lay silent awaiting a
fresh advance of civilization.

  Now from every poster and every
sky-sign flared advertisements for ro-
bots. Secretaries, kitchen maids, porters

—a robot for every job, and at a price
which every household could efford. No
longer would the rich alone be able to
enjoy the infallible service of mechan-
ized brains. Huge factories were pour-
ing them out in thousands a day.

  In short, Bob Williams rejoiced in
the day of the cheap robot.

  “Nonsense, my boy,” remarked Stew-
art; merely a passing craze.”

 But Bob was too young to bow to
superior knowledge, and argued.

  “The robot or mechanical man is an
absurdity,” pronounced Stewart. “If
you have a dish-washing machine oper-
ated by a handle, do you buy a robot
to turn the handle? Of course not,
you change your washer for an elec-
trically motored article.

  “The same thing applies everywhere.
In the machine shops, do they use robots
to operate hand screw machines? No;
they junk the screw machines and in-
stall automatics.

 “A robot as people know it is a
redundant device. Certainly it makes an
obsolete machine, requiring manual ad-
justment, free from that disadvantage.
But that is just its fault and why it
cannot last. When anything becomes
out of date it should be scrapped and
not given a new lease of life by another
invention. Redesign, lad, and don’t try
to patch up!”

  But Williams argued that a mechan-
ical servant could be set to do many
things, while an automatic machine per-
formed only one function. Stewart
countered by pointing out that special-
ization was the greatest modern ten-
dency. And so they went on for a
long time, while Vera fretted with the
televisor and doubtless promised herself
a fitting revenge. Still, at the end they
became fast friends, which ended in
Bob gratefully accepting Stewart’s offer
of a position in his research workshops
when he had graduated.
124

AMAZING STORIES

  The work was interesting and he
showed such promise that within a year
he became Stewart’s chief assistant. Be-
sides carrying out routine research for
several large corporations, Stewart was
always working on his own and derived
a steady income from several patents
on photoelectric relays, which were his
especial forte.

  Bob found life increasingly good.
During the day he was absorbed in his
work, and in the evenings enjoyed the
company and friendship of Vera. Nat-
urally their acquaintance had developed,
and one evening, after a jaunt to Brit-
tany in Stewart’s rocket plane, they
made the age-old vows.

  Vera, besides keeping house for her
father, a widower, spent much of her
time in welfare work. Slums and such-
like sordid appendages of early civiliza-
tion having long since disappeared,
leisured feminine society had to turn to
fresh fields of endeavor. Lately the
craze had been the providing of ambu-
lance depots and cars along the lesser
roads. Every day scores of accidents
occurred,' and often the injured re-
mained beneath the wreckage for hours,
since the regular ambulance authorities
were far too busy with the troubles
of the highways to be able to tend the
wants of sportsmen who chose to roar
around country corners at eighty miles
an hour.

  Her father did not approve of this
side of her activities, but, as usual, gave
in to her deands. At dinner one eve-
ning he was expounding to Bob his ideas
on the subject.

  “If fools treat the roads as racing
tracks they deserve to break their necks.
For years engine performance and chas-
sis design has been improving. Speed
has crept up until a hundred miles an
hour along the mainways is considered
quite normal. But the fools seem to
forget that, although maximum speed

may increase to almost any figure, the
limiting factors for safe driving are
braking distance and brain reaction,
starting from the instant of danger.
Cars to-day can travel three times as
fast as they could in 1930, but their
braking distance has remained the same.
The best you can do with a wheeled
vehicle is to lock your wheels. As a
matter of fact maximum braking effort,
which means the relative coefficient of
friction between the wheels and the
road, peaks just before actual locking
takes place.”

  Bob nodded.

  “A case of dynamic and static fric-
tion,” he suggested.

  “Exactly. I can’t think why the au-
thorities have taken no hand in the
matter, which has been growing worse
and worse for the past decade. Speeds
have grown out of all proportion to
braking power and individual reaction.
In the old days the average person
driving at forty miles an hour was able
to avoid accidents by quick application
of his brakes or a swerve at the wheel.
Now speed is quicker than thought, and
so safety becomcs a matter of prob-
ability. Of course the roads are better
and automatic police signs help a lot.
But accidents do not happen at cross
roads. It's only on the flats that auto-
mobiles show their astounding increase
in maximum velocity. In fact ‘catch-
ing at the word,’ that is the cause of
all the casualties. What used to be
a variable speed has degenerated into
straight line velocity because there is
no time to deviate.

  “Vera is late this evening.” Bob
essayed to change the subject into more
pleasant channels.

 “Yes”—Stewart seemed to ponder—
“she tells me her infernal club has
appointed her Lady Guardian of the
Northern Byways.”

  “Ah, well,” laughed Bob, “I expect
PHOTO CONTROL

125

she won’t be long, for we’ve arranged
to slip over to the Yarmouth coast to
watch the sunset.”

  But Vera did not come home that
evening, and it was late before the visa-
phone told the tragic tale. She and two
of her friends had been tending the
injured at a corner ambulance—one of
the transportable type—when a huge car
driven apparently by a madman had
skidded at the curve and flung its two-
ton weight full at the little caravan.
Two girls had been killed immediately—
Vera was one of them.

  Bob heard the fateful news from one
of the servants, for Jason Stewart had
locked himself in his room. “It was
terrible, sir,” the white-faced butler
stammered. “I thought Master would
have gone mad. He swore and stamped
about the room. Spoke about revenge.
And then cried like a baby. I daren’t
call him, sir.”

  Bob Williams in those few words saw
his pleasant world spin into utter space.
His mind seemed broken from its an-
chorage and for a moment he thought
of suicide. But even the deepest sor-
row' passes quickly in youth. He flung
himself to w'ork, wrestled writh his prob-
lems till he was too tired even to think,
and then often fell asleep at the lab-
oratory bench.

  It must have been three weeks after
the terrible accident before he saw Jason
Stewart again. He seemed to have
grow-n ten years older. His face was
white and drawn with suffering, but
his eyes shone curiously bright. Not a
word did he say to Bob, only patted him
on the shoulder.

  Not only did Stewart appear to have
changed physically—his whole outlook
had been refocused. He spoke little,
but Rob soon discovered that the nature
of their experiments was undergoing
a change. Stewart had grown greatly
interested in friction, and especially its

application to synthetic rubber prepara-
tions. Literally hundreds of dynamom-
eter tests were carried out and curves
plotted. But, strive as they would, the
very best adhesion they could obtain
gave results only seven or eight per cent
above the normal.

  One day, after many hours protracted
work, Jason Stewart suddenly flung
down his slide-rule.

  “It’s no use,” he cried bitterly. “The
thing is impossible.”

  “Impossible?” Bob stared; it was so
unlike Stewart to use such a word.

  “The maximum coefficient of friction
is unity, and in practice it cannot, of
course, be attained. I had thought by
suitable preparation of materials and
surfaces to cause extra adherence
through suction. But, no; it is impos-
sible.”

  “Is that the problem, sir?” asked Bob,
looking him straight in the eye.

  Jason Stewart turned and stared out
of the window and then spoke in a
metallic voice.

  “I intend to make traffic safe. The
first factor is that of more efficient
braking. To obtain greater grip on
the road surface I must raise the co-
efficient of friction between the tires
and the road metalling. Under favor-
able conditions we have managed to do
so by a few per cent. That is useless
for my purpose. I must enable vehicles
to stop in one-tenth their present dis-
tance.

  Metal on metal has a coefficient of
about .3. Leather on metal is about
.4. Ordinary tires on road surface give
.6. We have raised it to .7. Use-
less-” His voice trailed off almost

in despair.

  Bob Williams stared at him. Not
that the idea was new, but because he
had never before heard Stewart speak
in so unscientific a manner. He had
touched only one factor of the problem
126

AMAZING STORIES

and despaired because he had been fore-
doomed to failure by a physical law.
Stewart was not good to argue with in
these days, so it was with decided ner-
vousness that Bob gave his opinion.

  “Surely, sir, there are other aspects
of the problem ?”

  “Yes”—tonelessly.

  “The adhesion between two surfaces
depends upon the coefficient of friction
between them, and on the force with
which they are pressed together.”

  Again Stewart intoned metallically:
“It is approximately independent of
the contacting surface area and decreases
with an increase of speed, its culminat-
ing maximum being the friction of re-
pose, which theory I have elaborated.
I am already aware of such things, my
boy.”

  Bob flushed but still pursued his ob-
jective.

  “So far we have worked only on
the actual coefficient. What about the
other variable, the pressure of the two
surfaces one against the other?”

  “If you increase the weight of a
moving vehicle,” stated Stewart, “you
increase the braking effect, but at the
same time the inertia of the whole
moving body increases to a like degree
and one factor nullifies the other. Were
this not the case, heavy automobiles
would have a much smaller braking dis-
tance than lighter ones. As it is, there
is practically no difference except what
is due to decrease in wheel bounce, a
mere three or four per cent.”

  “But to increase the pressure without
adding to the weight,” persisted Bob.

  A faint smile crossed the features of
Stewart.

  “You would require a gravity at-
tractor, I am afraid,” he replied, “and
so far this has resisted attack. Gravita-
tional force cannot be generated with-
out mass.”

  “But the old-time electric rail cars

gripped the rails magnetically and could
stop in a very short distance. Couldn’t
something after that style be brought

out?”

  “Rubber being practically nonmagnetic
it is out of the question, even if we
built the roads of iron.” Stewart smiled
sourly.

  Bob thought for a moment then.

  “If it were possible to add to the
weight of an automobile without in-
creasing its inertia, that would solve
the problem?” he queried.

  ‘"Yes.” And Stewart turned slowly
away.

  All that night Bob wrestled with the
question—to add weight without inertia.
It seemed a paradox, but at the back
of his mind he was sure there must be
a solution apart from the question of
a gravity attractor. Even that itself
was bound to be done some day, but
all experiments up to that time had been
fruitless. He racked his brains—weight
without inertia—almost as bad as mass
without weight.

  Eventually he rose from his bed, and,
slipping on a dressing gown, strode out
to the veranda. A fierce wind howled
around the building and caused him to
shiver. Strangely enough, the sky was
clear and he stared mechanically at a
Transatlantic Helicopter majestically
sweeping along to the west. Wind
had no terrors for that monster of the
skies, which held steadfast in the teeth
of the fiercest hurricane. Man had con-
quered the air, but was defeated by prob-
lems of his natural medium, the earth.

  A fresh gust of wind caught him, and
he was forced against the railings. Still
the Helicopter held its way, with its
score of giant vertical screws roaring in
defiance. Of course, it was the screws
which held it steady—their gyroscopic
action steadied the craft after the style
once employed in ocean-going ships.
PHOTO CONTROL

127

Suddenly Bob gripped the railings hard.
The gyroscope!

  Back in his room he worked feverishly
until he was called for breakfast; then,
ignoring the meal, made haste to Stew-
art’s laboratory.

  “I believe I’ve got it, sir,” he greeted
the engineer.

  “What?”

  “Weight without inertia was all
wrong.”

  Stewart raised his brows.

  “We do not even want to increase the
actual weight of a body. What we do
want is something, some pivot to use
as a fulcrum for a lever to force down
the wheels. The weight of the car
does not matter if we can get a rigid
pivot. Wait a minute, sir,” he pleaded;
“I’m not mad. The gyroscope will do
it!”

  Stewart wheeled round.

  “The gyroscope?” His brows puck-
ered in thought, then smoothed out
“I wonder!”

  “Don’t you see, sir; once you set
a heavy wheel spinning, it strongly re-
sists a change in its plane of rotation.
Take a gyroscope big enough and fast
enough. Couple one side of its cradle
to the axle of a car and then, as you
apply brakes, increase the length of the
coupling arm by any sort of toggle.
The gyroscope refuses to change its
plane, and so the wheels are forced
down by the toggle lever and you get as
much friction as the tires will stand!”
Stewart’s eyes were blazing.

  “If dimensions worked out, that cer-
tainly would do it, lad.”

  “Yes, but I’ve worked it out for an
average car, sir,” waving a sheaf of
papers excitedly. “An 18-inch wheel
with a plane centroid at 8 inches radius
and weighing about 40 pounds would
be sufficiently rigid to squash flat the
tires of any ordinary car inflated to
30 pounds per square inch. Oh, the

speed. I forgot that. About 100,000
revs per minute, but that’s easy using
mercury bearings. Besides, it would
take hardly any power from the car.”

  Stewart nodded.

  “We’ll get to work on a design
immediately. This is the first step.”

*	* * * *

  After several weeks’ work, in which
elementary tests had shown the prac-
ticability of the idea, their first full-
sized model was completed and ready
for trial. An ordinary type of road
automobile had been adapted for the
purpose. In the first place the idea
had been to place a gyroscope both at
the front and at the back, so that both
sets of wheels would be affected. Ex-
periments had shown, however, that with
a relatively small gyroscope slung in the
middle of the chasis, levers could be
arranged to transmit the pressure to
back and front alike.

  The brakes themselves were of the
ordinary hydraulic type, operated by a
single small foot brake, much after
the style of the earlier automobile.
Both Stewart and Williams were fully
aware that this arrangement would have
to be modified before the design could
be put to commercial application, but
it would serve for the time being.

  From the main oil pressure cylinder,
whence brake shoes took their feed, an-
other pipe passed to an extra plunger
operating in another cylinder. One
end of the latter was pivoted to the
cradle carrying the gyroscope, while the
plunger itself was linked through tog-
gles to the front and rear axles, which
had been modified for this purpose. On
depressing the brake lever besides the
brakes acting in the ordinary manner,
a terrific pressure was exerted on the
gyroscope, tending to throw it angularly
from its plane of revolution. Due to
the persistence with which the gyroscope
retained its plane, a high degree of
128

AMAZING STORIES

pressure was exerted through the tog-
gles upon the four wheels, which there-
fore were driven down hard on the road.

  The completed machine was wheeled
out of the workshops, and Stewart and
Williams stood eyeing it speculatively.
Dynamic friction tests had been satis-
factory, but both were curiously dubious
about its road performance.

  “D’you think I’d better 'phone over
for a test driver?” suggested Bob.

  Stewart shook his head vigorously.
“Certainly not; the machine is all right,
and I see no reason why we should not
make the tests ourselves. Come along.”

  With these words he took the driver’s
place and Bob clambered after him.
As the magnetic clutch came into op-
eration and the car shot forward with
the customary violent acceleration, Bob
felt a sinking doubt about the advisa-
bility of Stewart doing the driving.
Normally Jason Stewart was level-
headed and calm, but now the very
devil seemed to have seized hold of
him, and throwing caution to the
winds, he swung round a turning and
headed for the Great North Main Way
leading to the Metropolis.

  It was about 9 o’clock in the morning
and the real traffic crush of the day
had not yet commenced. Nevertheless
they rarely had more than 40 or 50 feet
clear before them. Hundreds of cars
of all sizes and shapes roared their way
towards London.

  “Speed’s rather high this morning,”
remarked Bob, glancing at the meter,
which hovered between 80 and 90 miles
an hour.

  Stewart made no answer, but, de-
pressing the throttle further, passed
between two cars with a bare inch or
so to spare at the sides. They had
proceeded in this dizzy manner for some
minutes when suddenly a metallic crash
smote their ears, followed almost imme-

diately by the shrill scream of harshly
applied brakes.

  A terrific force seemed to take hold
of Bob and flung him forcibly against
the dash. At the same time something
ripped away at the back, flinging their
car broadside on.

  Bob struggled back to his seat and
found Stewart nursing his wrists. The
rear of their car had been crumpled
like so much matchboard by a huge
roadster behind.

  “What the devil’s happened?” Bob
glared furiously at the other driver,
who sat at the wheel, a dazed ex-
pression on his face.

  Stewart gripped his arm excitedly.
“It works!” he ejaculated.

  For the moment Bob was completely
nonplussed.

  “What?” he demanded.

  “The brakes. Don’t you see what’s
happened. I put ’em on immediately,
the same as the rest of the drivers
when they heard the crash ahead. We
stopped too quickly for the fellow be-
hind, who has done us a bit of damage.
Still, that doesn’t matter. The great
thing is the idea’s all right.”

  But the driver behind had a different
opinion on the subject, and it was some
considerable time before the usual for-
malities were concluded and once again
they maneuvered themselves into the
stream of traffic, which between times
had grown to much greater dimensions.
After the first misadventure Stewart
was more careful, but even so found it
very difficult not to pull up in too short
a space.

  Passing through London in this man-
ner, they drew away to the South.

  “We’ll take to some of the country
ways,” remarked Stewart, “so that we
can carry out a few trials without fur-
ther mishap.”

  Considering the fact that the weather
was delightful, the country roads were
PHOTO CONTROL

129

comparatively free of traffic. They drove
along for some miles and were shooting
down hill at a good pace when Stewart
jerked out quickly:

  “Hold tight; I’m going to brake.”

  Bob clung on for all he was worth,
which was not much. Again he felt that
unpleasant sensation, as if someone had
butted him in the stomach, and he and
Stewart extricated themselves from the
front of the car.

  “Not bad,” murmured Stewart, clam-
bering out. From his pocket he drew
a large roll of tape and between them
they measured up the braking distance.

  Stewart had depressed the lever as
they passed a particular gate, so that
there should be no doubt about the
stopping distance.

  “Just over 17^ feet,” he announced.

  “What was the speed?” asked Bob.

  “Exactly 94 and on a down gradient
of 1 in 7, but we must check this
again.”

  After entering up the particulars they
backed up the hill and made a similar
giddy descent, this time being less for-
tunate in the result. Bob sustained a
severe cut on one arm, where he was
thrown against the windshield, and one
of the rear tires burst. Stewart, how-
ever, was delighted, though he spoke
little as they slowly retraced their way
through London and back to the work-
shops.

  As soon as they reached home, me-
chanics were set on the job of stripping
down the wheels and brake mechanism,
so as to determine how much wear
had taken place, and whether anything
had been severely strained.

  “It’s no use relying too much on
theory, ray lad,” said Stewart, catch-
ing Bob’s curious eye. “We have done
a lot in the last few years in bringing
design down to the standard of pure
mathematics, but you can never be abso-
lutely certain of the factor of safety.

The human element is far too great to
cut down strength to the very minimum
which after all is the object of true de-
sign.”

   Bob nodded. “We shall have to make
a good many changes before we try out
that old bus again. Have you any
•definite ideas?”

   “Yes. We shall be able to lay down
a few principles and get Smithson to
work on an entirely new model. I am
afraid we shall have to re-design the
chassis. We can probably make use of
the existing motors, although their accel-
eration is far too low for our purposes.”
“Too low?” Bob raised his eyebrows,
“Why, only the other day I thought you
were complaining that acceleration was
far away in advance of the rest of de-
sign.”

   “Yes, it ■was” rejoined Stewart curtly,
“but let’s go over the points in ques-
tion which our mishap this morning has
brought to our notice.

   Back in the office they talked the mat-
ter over at length and eventually Bob
drafted out a series of proposals which
were to be passed to the Chief Designer
who was to commence work immediately
on a more elaborate model. Briefly,
they were as follows:

   (1)	In the first place, examination of
the tires and wheel rims showed straight
away that each time the gyroscope had
been applied the complete tire had been
flattened so that the rim itself bit on
to the metalled roads. This was the
reason why a burst had occurred. Since
it was practically out of the question to
inflate tires to a higher pressure on the
score of comfort a new method was to
be tried. By the side of each driving
wheel was put another wheel some three
inches smaller in diameter, the tire made
of a solid ring of hard rubber. Under
normal conditions this was just clear
of the roads and played no part in ordi-
nary driving. So soon as the brakes
130

AMAZING STORIES

were applied and the gyroscope toggles
drove the car down to the face of the road
these solid wheels served for braking
purposes. By this means they hoped to
eliminate bursts and at the same time
enable even greater braking pressure to
be used if necessary.

  Stewart also postulated that they
would have to develop a material more
resistant to abrasion than the common
type of synthetic rubber, but this would
not be difficult since their experiments
had previously extended rather fully
into this field.

  (2)	It was found that the brake shoes
themselves besides being badly worn had
in places fused. Beryllium, long since
used as a material of construction in car
design, would have to be replaced by
something capable of standing up to
higher temperatures. Again, some meth-
or of cooling of the brake drums would
have to be adopted. Stewart proposed
to incorporate a small refrigerator such
as then used on racing cars.

  The greatest problem of all was the
elimination of the human element of
braking together with its inevitable time
lag. It was all very well to design and
develop super-efficient brakes, but even
they would be of very little use in pre-
venting accidents if put under the con-
trol of any Tom, Dick or Harry, who
had enough money to buy a car.

  In the weeks that followed, Bob spent
most of his time in the workshops,
supervising the construction of the new
machine with its strengthened brakes and
chassis members. Experiments on the
synthetic rubber had been entirely satis-
factory and they had decided on a ma-
terial composed of the usual elastic bond-
ing agent and floculated asbestos which
gave astonishing results on dynamometer
tests.

  Stewart had retired to his private lab-
oratory whence he issued only at meal
times. He was hard at work on the

 other side of the problem but gave no
 indication of the direction which his en-
 deavors were taking.

    Bob felt rather irritated at this atti-
  tude, for he could not help remembering
  that it was his own particular idea which
  had brought the gyrobrake into being.

*	What little spare time he had at his dis-
  posal he spent wondering how Stewart
  proposed to rule out the trouble of
  brain reaction. In fact he went to sev-
  eral demonstrations of the newly de-
  veloped robot chauffeurs, which how-
  ever, had not yet gained the sanction of
  the Transport authorities. What he saw
  at the demonstrations did not impress
  him very much, for, although the
  mechanical men seemed capable enough
  of controlling a vehicle under simple cir-
  cumstances, it seemed very doubtful
  whether they would be able to show up
  well under the terrible traffic jam of the
  Metropolis.

   One day Stewart appeared in the
 workshop with a whole sheaf of draw-
 ings under his arm and called Bob to
 his side.

    “I think the problem is pretty well
 cleared, my lad,” he said in a curiously
 tense voice.

    Bob was full of questions, but Stewart
  was unduly reticent.

   “We’ll let Smithson get busy with
 these drawings and incorporate them in
 the new model, and see how it works.”

    With this Bob had to be content. Days
  passed quickly and days into weeks and
  slowly the new machine grew.

    At last came the day when it was com-
  pleted. It resembled the ordinary road
  car, except possibly its construction
  seemed a trifle sturdier and the wheels
  were, of course, novel. To the front two
  curiously shaped headlamps were placed
  at the lateral extremities on a compli-
  cated swivelling arrangement. Bob noted
  further that these apparent lamps were
  twisted slightly inwards and instead of
PHOTO CONTROL

131

pointing towards the ground were di-
rected straight out.

  He was examining the foreign parts
of the car when Stewart came along.

  “You’re due for a little explanation,

I	think.”

  “Well, to tell you the truth, I had be-
gun to wonder when you were going to
tell me.”

  Stewart patted his shoulder. “I'm
sorry, my lad, but I have been very busy
and very worried, but that’s past now.
Let’s have a look at the ’bus.”

  “What’s the idea of these head
lamps?” asked Bob.

  “They’re not headlamps, of course,”
rejoined the other. “Actually they are
carefully prepared and focussed tele-
lenses at the back of each of which is
situated one of the new ribidium photo-
electric cells. But perhaps I’d better
start at the beginning.”

  Bob nodded.

  “Well, it’s like this,” proceeded Stew-
art. “From the first it was clear that
it was out of the question to leave the
direction of a car fitted with these new
brakes to the varying abilities and re-
actions of a human driver. The ques-
tion was then to replace personal control
by something mechanical or, to be more
corrcct, electrical, since this is somewhat
outside the sphere of mechanics. A little
consideration of the question showed
that each car when driven at a particular
speed required a zone of safety in
front of it extending just over the width
of the car and to a distance slightly
greater than the stopping distance at the
speed at which the car was driven at that
particular moment. By some means or
other this speed zone had to be main-
tained. You see with your gyroscope we
can pull up a car driven at 90 miles
an hour in, say, 15 feet. Good enough,
but the time taken in braking and bring-
ing the car to a standstill is very much
less than the actual time taken for the

driver to see the source of danger, trans-
mit this to his brain and from the brain
to the various nerves and muscles down
to his toe on the pedal. Good braking
alone would only make the whole ques-
tion of driving control more dangerous,
much after the style that acceleration has
worked havoc in the past years.” His
eyes shone brightly. “But I’m getting
away from the subjcct. You know, of
course, how we are able to judge dis-
tance ?”

 “I suppose because we have two
eyes,” suggested Bob.

  “Exactly. Our eyes are set apart and
so when we look at an object they point
inwards and the subtended angles gives
us immediate indication of the distance
that the object is away. Not exactly,
of course, but at least to a degree. On
my arrangement, I duplicate these con-
ditions by what you refer to as head-
lamps. These are always trained ahead
of the car and inwards to an extent de-
pending on the speed. Actually their
mountings are coupled indirectly to the
road wheels so that the faster the wheels
rotate the lesser is the angle subtended
between the two sets of lenses. In
other words the faster the car goes the
further away is the point of intersection
of the two beams. This distance is on
this particular model four feet greater
than the minimum braking distance at
the particular speed.

  Immediately we are afforded a means
of noting whether the distance between
the front of our car and the rear of the
vehicle in front of us is safe. I had
thought in the first place to build an ap-
paratus after this style giving an audible
or visible indication, but, after all, it
would have been practically useless, for
the brain-lag would come into the ques-
tion again when the brakes had to be
applied immediately.

  “As the thing stands now photo-elec-
tric cells are placed behind the lenses
132

AMAZING STORIES

and as soon as any body falls within
the zone of safety the photo-cells are
affected and, operating on a relay, apply
the brakes to the full.”

  Bob thought for a moment. “It seems
a very good stunt,” he admitted at last,
“but does it take into consideration the
speed of any object? What I mean to
say is—supposing you arc driving to-
wards a building, I can see then that
your trained photo-cells snap on the
brakes and prevent you crashing, but
supposing instead of its being a building
it was another car coming in the opposite
direction at a speed about the same as
yours. You might pull up in time, but
what about the other fellow?”

  “Oh! of course,” he laughed uncom-
fortably, “I forgot that all the cars
would be fitted in this manner. Still,”
he went on, “I’m not sure that I see it
yet.”

  “Steady, steady, you’re quite right,”
Stewart assured him, “but I’d thought of
this already. When I said that the
photo-cells operated as soon as any ob-
ject was brought within their field, I was
only stating the action roughly. As a
matter of fact, although they do operate
in that manner, they are also sensitive to
infra-red beams, which you have proba-
bly guessed are used through the lenses.”
“I see,” Bob nodded. “That seems all
right. I suppose it works though?”

  “Of course it works, or will work!”
Stewart was rather tart. “There are one
or two points that I have not mentioned.
For instance rounding corners. I sup-
pose you have noticed that the car has
no steering wheel?”

 “No?”

  “This has been replaced by a simple
right and left key switch. When the
driver wishes to take a turn to the
right he throws over the switch just be-
fore coming to the turn. Immediately
the photo-visor lamps swing to the right,
their angular speed being dependent on

die speed of the car at the time. This
is adjusted so that road grip under worst
conditions is sufficient to counteract the
inevitable centrifugal action of the mass
of the car. Later on, we can probably
arrange that wheel pressure is increased
while taking turns, so as to permit faster
and safer cornering.”

  “Again—’’Stewart continued, “but no,
a demonstration will be better than all
this talk. However, I can tell you
straight away that all factors of road
conditions have been taken into consid-
eration. You can visualize the action of
the safety zone quite easily. Besides
being connected with the brakes, it also
acts on the accelerator, so you can im-
agine the traffic of the main roads and
the city itself. Speeds raised even high-
er than they are to-day—all cars
mechanically controlled by their photo-
zones. As soon as any object or any
other car or a pedestrian gets within
the zone so soon do the brakes come on.
As soon as the object is removed the car
accelerates to its maximum. If the ob-
ject does not move the zone swerves first
to the left and then to the right seek-
ing out its own path. At corners the
driver flips his switch and the zone
swings round accordingly seeking a safe
path. As it rounds a comer the gyro-
pressure is applied automatically depend-
ing on the speed. This particular piece
of apparatus will be fairly easy to de-
vise and we shall probably profit by ex-
perimenting on the mercury pendulum.”
“Can’t you see them?” Stewart’s voice
rose, “hundreds of cars, thousands of
cars, mechanically controlled driven down
the main roads and through the cities, all
the cities of the world, driven at break-
neck speed 90, 100, 200 miles an hour.
All mechanically controlled. No danger,
no accidents, mechanical perfection every-
where. The human factor entirely elim-
inated. No cries of the broken and
crushed. No ambulances. Absolute
PHOTO CONTROL

133

safety with maximum speed. The traffic
problem smashed at last. My God, if
only we had done this before—before
. . his voice trailed off.

  Abruptly he turned away and Bob was
left staring after him.

* * * * *

  Bob Williams stood alone in the
temporary tele-visor studio at Transport
House. Curiously he inspected the ap-
paratus. Much of it was known to him,
but this branch of science had progressed
at such a pace that it needed a special-
ist eye to comprehend the functioning of
each detail. He moved towards the
great windows and stared down the
Strand with its turmoil of traffic.

  It was a great day for the world. Per-
haps the greatest day for a hundred
years. At 12 o’clock that morning traffic
all over the world was to be “synchro-
nized” as the news bulletins called it.
Synchronize d—brought into time
brought into step with the times.

  Bob stared again at the traffic. A tur-
moil truly, but an ordered turmoil, not
the bustling blundering of human hands
but the steady, infallible rush of me-
chanised science. Each of those thou-
sand vehicles below him were travelling
at high speed, but none crashed, none
were in danger of crashing. Violent
braking, violent acceleration, sudden
swerve, spin round a corner, stopping,
starting all were carried out with utter
precision. And there were no accidents.

  London had been like that for nearly
a year, as had New York, Paris, Berlin
and the other great cities of the world,
but on that day the safety zone and the
gyrobrakes were to be made compulsory
for every vehicle on the face of the
earth. Heavy penalties, brought to the
equivalent of attempted manslaughter,
were to be applied to any one found
driving manually-controlled machines.
Not that anyone would have dared. It

was impossible in that tear of traffic for
an humble brain to respond quickly
enough to avoid almost instant anhi-
hilation.

  The three years which had passed
since their first test had gone quickly.
Bob felt older, indeed looked older, but
the time had gone in a flash.

  Stewart, too, had aged. Now at his
day of triumph it seemed that the fires
of life were almost spent. He had
grown thin, emaciated, but, with a de-
clining physical strength, his eye had
grown brighter, his brain more alert than
ever, albeit there had been strange
lapses. He had grown fond of his own
company. Sometimes he would shut
himself in his room for days and see
no one. Something was wrong with
Jason Stewart. Bob felt it, was sure of
it, but he could do nothing, for a curious
sort of barrier had grown between them.
They were still friendly, the best of
friends ever, but still the barrier was
there.

  Bob was afraid that the loss of. his
daughter was still preying on Stewart's
mind. A lump rose in his throat as he
thought of the girl who might have been
his wife.

  “This day shall be consecrated to her
memory. The world shall ring with
her name. They shall remember. Ah,
they will remember. . .

  Curious words these, but stranger still
coming from the lips of Jason Stewart.

  An official entered the room an en-
quired whether Mr. Stewart had arrived.

  “No,” Bob shook his head. “He said
he would probably be late. He has
much work on his hands as you are
probably aware.”

  “Yes sir, but he will be here half-
an-hour before the time. You see,” he
went on, “it is not very often that a
world tele-broadcast is carried out, apart
from the main studios and it requires a
little adjustment beforehand, although
134

AMAZING STORIES

we have made tests for the past week or
so. Most of them have been satisfac-
tory, but they have had some trouble
over in China due to the recedence of
the Heavy side layer around that quar-
ter.”

  Bob nodded. He was not greatly in-
terested in China or the Heavyside layer.
Like Jason Stewart, he too was think-
ing of Vera.

  The official came closer. “I suppose,
sir,” he said, “Mr. Stewart will be using
his apparatus to-day?”

  “Apparatus? What apparatus?”

  “Oh, I thought you knew, sir. In the
next room Mr. Stewart has been ex-
perimenting for a month or so on some
new idea. He mentioned once that he
would probably be using it to-day.”
Bob shook his head. “I’m afraid I
don’t know anything about that. I
haven’t seen Mr. Stewart much lately.”
A quarter of an hour later Stewart
entered. He shook hands with Bob
nervously and avoided his gaze. Without
a word he made to a side door, unlocked
it, and disappeared within. The whine
of generators broke through the silence
of the room, rose in pitch and disap-
peared as it passed the limit of audible
frequency. Ten minutes, twenty min-
utes passed and the crystal indicator
showed five minutes to the hour. A
door opened and Stewart reappeared, his
face flushed and of staring eye.

  “Five minutes. In five minutes I shall
speak to the world. In five minutes I
shall tell them the story of Vera. All
the world will know.” His lips twitched.
“All the world will know. Ah! and
they’ll never forget.” His voice rose to
a scream.

  “Steady, sir, steady!” Bob did not
like the look of things. There was some-
thing about the old man which made
him think that proud reason was al-
ready tottering on its throne. The ef-
fort and endeavor of the past three years

combined with his brooding sorrow had
been too much.

 Two minutes to go. One minute.
The silence indicator snapped into a red
glow, the televisor was working.

  Jason Stew'art scrambled up to the
instrument and stared at the all-seeing
eye. Ten million people were watching
him, were listening to the wheezy gasp
from his lips. The second indicator
clicked and Stewart cleared his throat.

  “Peoples of the world, to-day, at this
very minute, traffic is synchronized. You
know what it means. You know what
it can do. Therefore I will not elabo-
rate. Instead I wish to tell you a story.”
His voice shook a little. “Three years
ago, I had a daughter, as many of you
have daughters. She was all I had.
She was killed, killed by some sportsman
driver, while she was tending the injured
at the wayside. She was killed by
traffic—man-driven traffic.

  “Since then I have worked, I and the
lad who might have been my son. We
have worked together, day and night,
to make traffic safe. At this instant a
million new cars are on the road, con-
trolled not w7ith the clumsy murderous
hand of man, but by the infallible power
of science—of mathematics. They are
safe, your daughters are safe. My God
. . Stew'art paused for breath.

  Williams, standing just aside, thought
he would have fallen.

  “Take it easy, sir,” he suggested in a
whisper.

  Stewart glanced at him and made
some adjustment on the table. What
was he doing?

  Bob Williams stared. A switch, a
small, simple, black switch in bakelite.
Probably only a bell or some signal.

  Mechanically, Williams’ eye followed
the switch down and saw a long trailing
wire passing along the side of the room.
It was simple enough, it must be some
sort of indicator.
PHOTO CONTROL

135

  Stewart went on: “Pardon me, peoples
of the world, but I am an old man. To-
day I feel it more than ever.” Sudden-
ly he laughed. “If I had a daughter I
might feel better, peoples of the world,
but you and your traffic took her away
from me. Look what I have given you
in return! Safety for yourselves, safety
for your daughters. D’you think I’m
a fool, yes, an old fool?” He grew
rigid. “The safety of your traffic de-
pends on my photo-zones. The wave
length of the infra-red beams in 66.3
microns. You will not understand it.
You only care for maddening speed, for
traffic, for mad traffic, for murderous
traffic. In your hearts you don’t care
whether it is safe or not. Safe! Listen,
in ten seconds I shall blot out the safety
zones all over the world. You can hear
me, but you have no time to act. In ten
seconds I cut off those safety zones.
You shall remember my daughter. The
traffic of the world has ten seconds to
live!”

  Suddenly truth burst upon Bob Wil-
liams and he flung himself at the old
man, but the strength of a maniac Stew-
art thrust him away. They closed.

Again Williams seized him round the
arms, but Stewart’s first caught him in
the throat and he crashed to the floor
striking his head. Before uncon-
sciousness claimed him, he saw Stewart
deliberately depress the little switch and
almost simultaneously a roar burst from
the Strand below.

  Driven at a dizzy speed all the photo
controlled cars were suddenly deprived
of their guiding power. In the fraction
of a second, where all had been order,
was confusion, chaos, death. The streets
of London, New York, the cities of all
the world were in that moment converted
into a shambles. Literally the pave-
ments ran with blood.

  In that moment Jason Stewart had
revenge.

*****

  Once again sounded the bugles and
the crimson pillar in Remembrance
Square faded gradually to a peaceful
green. The multitude stirred uneasily,
lingered a few minutes longer and then
stragged away in awkward groups to
their homes or occupations. Only the
old man remained behind on this, his last
pilgrimage.

The End

 1
136	AMAZING STORIES	August, 1934

Jpgffrfr€-U S SIO N S

    In this department we shall discuss every month topics of Interest ta reader*. The editor* Invite correspondence on all
    subject? directly or Indirectly related to the itorles appearlno la this magaaln*. io case a special personal answer I*
    required, a nominal tee at 25* to cover time and postage is required.

Common Sense vs. Optimism—A Letter of
Excellent Criticism

Editor, Amazing Stories :

  Tlianks for “squashing” Mr. Rawson, whose
letter appeared in the May issue of Amazing
Stories. His remarks about Poe, Wells, etc.
made me indignant, and it did me good to see
your opinion was the same as mine. Although
the so eloquent Mr. Rawson may have already
read what he terms “a waste of valuable space,"
myself and all the newer readers have not. As
A. S. is becoming more popular every month,
it is probable that the majority of the present
readers have not read “those old stories.” If
many letters like the one I have mentioned come
in, with its talk of nightmares and phony ex-
cuses, you certainly have a lot to put up with.

  I stall sympathize with you once more, then
start criticizing your magazine. It really is too
bad that you cannot express your thoughts about
space-flying without being so severely criti-
cized. My common sense agrees with you about
such stories as “Triplanetary,” but my opti-
mism is up in arms.

  The cover on the May issue is, however,
much better than any yet, so much better that
I scarcely recognized the magazine. The pres-
ent size is convenient and makes the magazine
easier to hold while reading. I might sug-
gest smooth edges to the pages. After all,
what does the format matter, anyway?

  Having defended the reprints, I should praise
them. “The Diamond Lens” was fine and so
was the story (I forgot wThat the title was) of
the clockmaker that thought he could create
life much better. I liked seeing the “Gold
Bug” in our magazine, although I had read it
before; it was like meeting an old friend. Con-
tinue the reprints, they rest one’s mind after
the stress and strain of ultra-space, sub-ether,
inertia-less matter, green emanation, red heat-
rays. blue disintegration rays—and pink ele-
phants. At one time I liked interplanetary stories,
but now there is so little story and so much
ray, wave, new kinds of ether and vile forms
of life, that they all leave the same impression:
confusion. “Terror Out of Space” started out
fine, but in the end it deteriorated until it fol-
lowed the same old formula as all the others.
By this time, the indignant reader will have
gathered that I did not particularly like “Tri-
planetary” or “When the Universe Shrank.”
In spite of my aversion to waves and rays, I
liked “The Ultra-Gamina Wave,” because it had
only one wave and the reader did not get
mixed up.

  I thoioughly enjoyed “The Lost City,” but
it was a shameful trick of the author’s to break
off just when “Things Began to Happen.” Talk-
ing of breaking off, the piece pulled out of the
middle of “Dr. Grimshaw’s Sanitarium” pre-
vented an excellent story from becoming well-
nigh perfect. In spite of the preponderance of
those old spoilers ‘ultra, super, sub, wave and
ray,’ the Jameson stories have me cheering for
them. Even if they have their faults, they are
so unusual and interesting in plot that they sim-
ply refuse to be ruined. "The Lost Language”
was a wonderful story. Mr. Wolheim’s letter
on the subject was also interesting. “The
Regenerative Wonder” and “The Death Proto-
zoan” were two very good stories. I think that
the time travelling idea is getting somewhat out-
worn, unless it is used simply as the instrument
for telling a more interesting narration. This
was done in “The Mentanicals” and in “Time’s
Mausoleum” to a certain extent. “The Theft of
the Washington Monument” and “The Time
Jumpers” were just undiluted time-travelling
and as a result were not nearly as good as the
first two. There was one humorous time-travel-
ling story that I believe was called “The
Island.” That I found very interesting and
amusing. Why not get the author to write a
sequel to it? “The Supermen’’ might have been
fairly good when the author first got the idea,
but he completely ruined it for me by writing it
in diary form. Two other stories that were
outstandingly well written and interesting
were “Cat’s Eye” and "Peril Among the Driv-
ers,” Readers interested in the latter story
might find the hook “Insect Behaviour” by
Cheeseman excellent reading.

  I have just one more suggestion to offer. (I
know that you must be tired of suggestions, but
how are you to know what we readers want
and don’t want unless we tell you?) Amazing
Stories could be made more interesting to
people who can only get it occasionally if only
one serial were given each month and the rest
of the fiction space were devoted to short
stories. In this way there would be more
variety in each copy of A. S. Well, I have
gassed long enough, so 111 close with a re-
quest for letters to me from any readers of that
wonderful magazine Amazing Stories.

                  Donald E. Bunyan,

                           Box 1072,
                          Nelson B. C.,
                          Canada.

  (We sometimes feel as if the short letters
require the longest acknowledgements, Such a
August, 1934

AMAZING

STORIES

137

letter as the present one indicates throughout
careful thought and a refreshing optimism.
The two reprints which you mention, the latter
one by Jules Verne, deserve all the praise you
give them. We could not pretend to say how
many times your Editor has read the “Gold
Bug.” It was as fresh as ever when we were pre-
paring it for the magazine. In first class work
there is an indefinable something, that makes it
possible for one to read it over and over
again. One of the highest class magazines of
the day has from its inception been quite de-
voted to reprints of old favorites. We do not
ask authors to write sequels because our pres-
ent stock of stories awaiting publication is not
sufficiently depleted.—Editor.)

Reprints of Verne and Poe Objected To—
A Tribute to “The Lost City”—A Good
Word for Morey

Editor, Amazing Stories :

  This letter is my small contribution to the
reprint controversy. Old stories are okay as a
rule; I say “as a rule” because of my antago-
nist for those Verne and Poe classics which
every so often appear between your covers. Can-
not the Editor see that neither Verne nor Poe
are wanted; they are good—but out-of-date
What we reprint advocates wants are rare old
tales, such as “The Blind Spot”; and not stories
which are known and studied by children at
school. Practically every book shelf contains
Poe's works; and Verne, while not so popu-
lar, is still encountered at every turn. So, I beg
of you, please cease such useless reprinting and
devote the valuable space thus wasted to worth-
while masterpieces.

  But to more congenial subjects! The June
Amazing, all considered, was a good issue.
Milton R. Peril furnished many thrills and gave
us much science in “The Lost City”. That’s
what I like about science fiction—it gives dry,
abstract science a “different” twist which makes
it easy to understand; it’s remarkably like tak-
ing sugar-coated medicine.

  What do your readers expect Morey to be
—a Rembrant? He’s doing his best.

  Well ... To Amazing Stories; Long may
she “wave”!

                           Earl Perry,

                               Box 265.

                           Rockdale, Texas
(There is a point in publishing Poe’s stories
at the present time. The one hundred and
twenty-fifth anniversary of his birthday has
been recently celebrated and this makes his
stories very timely. They are so very good
that they will stand several readings. You
speak of every book shelf containing the works
of Jules Verne. One of our correspondents
says that he cannot get them, that he thinks
Jules Verne’s works are out of print. Your
comparison is a little hard on natural science.
If we only get deep enough into it, our knowl-
edge and understanding of it will be the best
sugar-coating, but don’t call natural science

medicine, as there is a lot of enjoyment in its
study.—Editor.)

The Jules Verne Monument on the May
Cover—Notes on “The Metal Doom”

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  Just a line to let you know that I received
the February and March issue of Amazing
Stories on the 25th of April. Also I wish to
congratulate you on the new publication of the
May issue. The frontispiece portraying Jules
Verne’s immortality is certainly a masterpiece.

  The stories seem quite different from what
they used to be a few years ago, but, however,
one must be content and take life as it comes.
I shall not comment on any of the stories, as,
if one has a mind and uses it, in a manner, one
can learn and know how to like all stories that
are published in your Amazing Stories Maga-
zine.	—•

  I like to read and re-read your magazine
over and over again, then one seems to live
with the story, actually to be part of it, to be-
come engrossed in it is my ideal. “The Metal
Doom” of two years ago was a story that all
nations should have read, as it may sound like
fiction, but one day it will be an actual happen-
ing. Yes—“The Metal Doom” is possible and
the after effect would make people realize that
life is really worth living and to take everything
as it comes whether good or bad, and to be con-
tent with little as “w'hat shall it profit a man if
he should gain the whole world and lose his
own soul?” Some day I’ll write an article for
the Discussions, but not at present.

                   John Dudley Dixon,
             Radium Hot Springs, B. C.

Canada.

(Jules Verne was born in Nantes. There his
monument, shown on the cover of our May is-
sue, is erected. He eventually made his home in
Amiens, celebrated for its wonderful Gothic
cathedral, and there is his tomb with his monu-
ment. You speak of re-reading our magazine.
We hear from many correspondents that they
read the same story over and over again, so
you are really in line with many others. You
promise us an article for the Discussions. This
letter is really a very nice little article in
itself.—Editor.)

Sorry to Lose You—We Do Not Recollect
the “Crack” You Refer To

Editor, Amazinc Stories:

  I haven’t time nor inclination to enter into
the merits of your reprinting policy but it
seemed unfair to me that you used your
columnar comeback to criticise the literary
judgment of one of your critics, who like my-
self, has a library card and can use it, and who
was merely audacious enough to say that he
was buying the A. S. for new stories. One
more crack like that from you and I’m off
A. S. for life.

                      Russell EL Farrell,

Box 650, Bremerton, Wash.
138

AMAZING

STORIES

August, 1934

  (This letter needs no answer. The author is
perfectly well able to take care of himself. We
are sure that he will reconsider his threat of not
looking at Amazing Stories again for the re-
mainder of his life.—Editor.)

A Delightful and Well-Put Letter from
ao Eleven-Year-Old Girl

Editor, Amazing Stories:

 Congratulations on the May issue 1 The
stories from cover to cover were wonderful 1

  Maybe I shouldn’t speak out that way, being
only eleven years old, and a girl at that, but
I couldn’t restrain a prolonged shout of joy, be-
ginning with the blue and cream cover (which
was swell) and lasting to the very advertise-
ments.

 The story “Dr. Grimshaw’s Sanitarium”
was the cream of the crop, but the cream was
not confined to one story. “The Lost City”
was all I could wish for. Hope it keeps up as
good. “The White Dwarf,” “Ultra-Gamma
Wave”—in short a perfect issue (as far as I’m
concerned). To more scientific-minded people,
who are always looking for flaws, it may not
have been.

  I have a word for the “kickers” which seem
to be so profuse in the Discussions columns.
You kickers never try to better the issue; you
yell about this and that, but do we hear any
helpful comments? I mean really helpful ones?
Nol You that want the edges cut even. Do
you ever stop to think that you have a perfectly
good pair of scissors which might be put to
useful purpose? I’m afraid I use too much
authority—but—they give me a pain in that
part of the body which connects the head with
the rest!

  Here’s hoping I can see my name in print
the next time Dad buys a swell, all around
magazine. (He never misses an issue.)

                        Eleanor Jones,
                        3623—34 W.,
                        Seattle, Washington.

  (This letter gives us special pleasure as it
is the composition of a girl eleven years old,
which is a charming period in the life of that
interesting being whom we term woman. The
work of the Editor of such a magazine as ours
is extremely interesting, but we could let it
attack the editorial nerves if we took the
“kickers” you speak of, too seriously. A little
appreciation is most welcome, especially when
it comes from such as you are, we mean in age
and sex. It is quite a triumph to have both old
and young in the one family appreciate Amaz-
ing Stories.—Editor.)

Notes on the Old and New Format of
Amazinc Stories—A Plea for Well-Known
Authors

Editor, Amazing Stories :

  Well, here I am again. I don’t mean to use
up so much space in your Discussions, but I
have some criticisms and questions to offer.
First, I much prefer the old type of covers,

although your new covers are improving. I
also like the old print and type.

  I saw in another magazine a discussion on
the color of space. One person maintained that
it was black, but another said that it was dark
purple. Can you tell us which is correct?

  Lately there have been articles in various
magazines and papers about the new telescope
which is being constructed for the California
Institute of Technology. The mirror will be
200 inches in diameter. How large would a
body need to be, if it was absolutely black or
nearly so, to be seen on the moon with this
new telescope?

  If anyone would like to correspond with me
by mail on science and science-fiction, I will be
glad to discuss anything which I can by letter.

  Mr. Editor, I have a terrible statement to
make. Since I started reading Amazing
Stories in 1930, I think that science-fiction in
general is getting worse. Not Amazing
Stories in particular; I think that Amazing
Stories is still the best magazine published.
But some others are getting worse each month.
If it weren’t for the few veteran authors who
contribute stories, it would be a low grade
science-fiction magazine. But I hope that they
will cease having new and amateur authors that
don’t compare with the veterans. Of course, if
a new author’s stories are good, then I approve
of printing them. Let us hope that this slump
in the value of s. f. stories will soon be over
(ditto the depression).

  Well, now that I have stopped slinging brick-
bats, I will say that good old (8 years)
Amazing Stories tops them all. Keep up the
good work.

                       Harold Garrett,

                     1320 East 7th Street,
                           Sedalia, Missouri.

  (We cannot predict what will be the smallest
object that the great telescope with its 200-inch
mirror will show. Science-fiction should not
run down, because science proper is always
developing something new, while topics of the
authors of purely fictional stories would seem
to have been exhausted years ago. Space is
black. We thank you for your concluding sen-
tence.—Editor.)

Interesting Remarks on Serial Stories—
Jules Verne’s Stories—Our Best Authors
Considered

Editor, Amazing Stories :

  It’s rather hard for me to make up my mind
whether I like the new format of the maga-
zine or not. It was rather a blow to me when
I first saw the reduced size. I always liked the
receding title; and, too, the larger magazine
seemed to possess more wordage. However,
when I think of the fact that so far the covers
have been 100% perfect, in contrast to many of
the older magazine covers, and the magazine
itself much better bound, I think the new format
is almost as good. Particularly I like the idea
August, 1934

AMAZING STORIES

139

of more than ore serial in a magazine. A story
written up to book length always seems to me
to be better written than the short story, possi-
bly because there is always the chance that a
long story will be made into a book, while the
short story lives only a short while; conse-
quently the author spends more time and art on
the longer one. Now I see that you have three
serials, and with me that registers o. k. I
thought I had either read or knew the titles
of all of Verne’s fantastics, but “Measuring a
Meridian’’ is one I never heard of. It’s good.
I wonder if you couldn’t reprint “Hector Ser-
vadac, or The Chase of the Golden Meteor.”
One of the readers stated that it was probably
his best work in that line. Contrary to many
opinions, it is practically impossible to secure
any of Verne’s work. I believe they are out of
print.

  For many years I had pronounced the name
Jules Verne the way it was spelt, but then I
discovered Jules was pronounced ‘Jool’. Perhaps
many of your readers have been fooled similarly.
And while on the subject of pronunciation, I
have been pronouncing ‘Martian’ the way it is
spelt, but on reflection discovered that it prob-
ably is pronounced ‘Marshian’. Am I right in
both these counts? Whether right or wrong, I
will have a hard time breaking my habit of
mis-pronouncing in both cases.

  Your best author, and I am in accordance
with most of your readers, is Dr. Edward Elmer
Smith. “Triplanetary” was fine, but some-
how did not hit the level set by “Spacehounds”.
it is strange about Dr. Smith. No, no, don't
print his picture, 1 may be disappointed. It is
rather terrible the way you treat Dr. Keller,
with only three stories in a year. Of the bunch,
he is the only real literateur. It is doubly
strange you do not print more of his stories, as
I have a fancy that Amazing Stories editorial
chair also favors Keller above the others. Is it
true stories of his have been translated into
foreign languages?

  Many years ago, Dr. Breuer, author of an-
other story that should have had more ap-
plause than it got, namely “Paradise and Iron,”
wrote a letter to Discussions mentioning a scrap-
book of outstanding stories culled from Amaz-
ing Stories. Wouldn’t it be a good idea to let
him name them for our perusal? He also puts
the literary touch to some of his stories. In
fact, I used to class Keller and Breuer together.
Think it over. Breuer is a good judge of
stories. Sometimes you disappoint me. In
past years you have continually remarked on
the fact that you were over supplied with too
many good stories to even consider reprints.
Then in addition to giving us a host of many
very poor stories, you had to follow it up with
reprints of Edgar Allan Poe. I can get them,
without exception, at the public library. Be-
sides. reprinting stories with a literary taste
to them will not bring our magazine anywhere
near the Atlantic Monthly, as you half jokingly

remarked in Discussions. What you've got to
do is to print unpublished stories that will rival
Poe’s (what’s more, sometimes you’ve done it—
witness “No More Tomorrows,” “Omega the
Man,” “The Mentanicals,” and even “Dr.
Grimshaw’s Sanitarium” which I liked very well
—perhaps I shouldn’t have mentioned this last
as it doesn’t quite leave the land of harum-
scarum for the land of ‘that indefinable some-
thing’.)

  In spite of all my criticisms, I’m with you to
the end. With the advent of three serials and
a good story like “Terror Out of Space,” my
enthusiasm is running almost on the top line of
our enthusiasm chart, only at infrequent, but
sudden, intervals sagging all the way to the zero
line, only to pop right up again. Get more
from E. E. Smith right away! Get Keller
busy! Make Stephen Hale, author of “The
Laughing Death" and “Worlds Adrift” a staff
writer! Keep three serials! Get more Charles
Tanner—am waiting impatiently for his serial.
With Forest Ackerman—keep Discussions up-
to-date !!!

                       Paul Cahendon.

                            322 W. 4th St..

                            Cincinnati, Ohio

  (We really thank you for liking the covers.
We can assure you that a great deal of thought
is expended on them and the artist has even-
motive to make them good with a view to his
progress in art in the future. Serials are a
bone of contention. Some like them and some
do not. but we really think that you put the
thing about right in taking the ground that
the long story is apt to be a more solid piece
of literature than the short one. The second
pronunciations which you give are correct. We
will not attempt to describe anybody’s cast of
countenance so we will leave Dr. Smith to your
imagination. As you may imagine, he is quite
an impressive looking personality. We have
many real literateurs. We are giving now one
of Dr. Keller’s best stories which puts him
high in that class. We are rather amused a:
your wanting three serials, when a number of
our correspondents object to any.—Edttob.)

A Letter About Reprints

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  I am writing to let you know my ideas upon
the subject of reprints.

  During the last few months you have been
giving us reprints, mainly of Poe’s works.
Now, as you remember, one of your chief ar-
guments against reprints was that they were
obtainable in public libraries. This is incor-
rect at least so far as the section in which I
live is concerned. I have never found any science
fiction except one or two stories by Veme. But
of all the science fiction that you could reprint,
Poe’s are the only ones which are present in
practically every library. And also, I do not
consider Poe’s tales, although they are very
fine, as science fiction.
140

AMAZING STORIES

August, 1934

  You are now running a serial by Jules Verne.
This is all right, and I believe. I will enjoy
reading it, but I think that in publishing it
you are more or less evading the issue. I do
not think the reprints you are giving us are
the ones that are wanted by those who de-
sired this class of stories. In my opinion they
wanted stories like “Treasures of Tantalus,”
“The Skylark of Space,” “Station X,” etc. I
could list many more but these are representa-
tive of the type I think your readers want.

                          Roy F. Phillips,

700 Jefferson St.,
Martins Ferry, Ohio.

  (If you ever read Poe’s story called “Three
Wednesdays in a Week” you would find it a
model of a science fiction story with a definitely
humorous touch in Poe’s inimitable manner.
The story entitled “Measuring a Meridian” is
one which will stand very careful reading.
However, w*e will have to let the subject of
reprints go for the present. We have some
very good stories awaiting publication, which
are not reprints.—Editor.)

The Jules Verne Monument Cover—Reprints
Not Favored—A Letter from a Lady

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  Although I have been a constant reader of
Amazing Stories for years, in fact since its
inception, I have never written in before. I
am writing now mainly for two reasons.

  First, let me congratulate you on your May
cover—it is absolutely the best looking cover
I’ve ever seen on any Sf. magazine, and should
be the answer to every Science Fiction reader’s
prayers. Why not print some with no printing
on to be framed?—I’ll buy one.

   Second, I want to register my protest against
reprints, and such reprints as Poe and Verne.
Any one at all interested in S.f. has probably
read them. I know I read them years ago,
and if I felt like reading them again, all I
would have to do is walk a couple of blocks to
the nearest public library. If you must have
reprints, why not some that aren’t so well
known? Otherwise I have no complaints to
make. I enjoy the magazine as a whole very
much.

  Thanking you for many hours of pleasant
recreation,

                  Mrs. Elizabeth Hicks,

580-15th Avenue,

San Francisco, Calif.

  (This correspondent says, “I have never
written in before.” As she is a lady, that alone
is a good reason from our standpoint that she
should write again. We want letters from her
charming and highly interesting sex. As far
as we have ascertained, Verne’s story, “Measur-
ing a Meridian,” which would tempt any Editor
of a science fiction magazine on account of its
information about the measurement, has been
read by very few of our readers. We have
had one letter, which you will probably see,

where the writer says he cannot get any of
Jules Verne’s books. We will repeat in closing,
that we hope to hear from you again.—Editor.)

Riding the Editor—(He Wishes More Would
Do It, If They Do as Well as This
Correspondent Does)

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  Jules Verne’s monument looks good on the
cover, thanks to Morey’s masterful touch.

  I like the way you are making up the Con-
tents Page now.

  “Terror Out of Space” ends good and the
new serial starts out good. Winstead, M.D.,

F.	Pratt and J. Lewis Burtt have good con-
tributions in this issue too. Why are you
putting two serials in now? I think one is
enough.

  I seem to have gotten the Editor into no
little bit of trouble over his answer to a ques-
tion of mine regarding the possibility of a trip
to the moon. But the Editor should be quite
immune to all kinds of brickbatz and slams by
this time. Anyway, I’m glad we all don’t feel
the way he does about it. It’s too bad we can’t
live long enough to find he’s been wrong.
Anyway, the Editor has a nice editorial in this
number. Maybe he will forgive me for riding
him after this compliment.

                     Olon F. Wiggins,

                          2418 Stout Street,
                            Denver, Colorado.

  (Many people think that two serials are cor-
rect, some even like three. The Editor, as you
suggest, is somewhat immune to attack, but not
perfectly so, and when attacked it is a great
pleasure to be able to confute the attacker as
he has done this very day out of Webster’s
Unabridged. We also fail to see anything per-
sonal or offensive in conflicting views about
trips to the moon.—Editor.)

A Letter of Excellent Criticism from a
Careful Reader

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  Would like to enter this letter in “Discus-
sions” if ye would be so kind. I will admit I
have a knock, or two, to thrust down thine
honorable throat.

  It seems passing strange to me that an Editor
should be so persistently against the thought
of interplanetary travel, especially in the light
of past and present discovery. I wonder if it
could be professional jealousy of some sort.
I have noticed, that in a great many cases,
learned men have denounced strenuously the
strange and new as false and impossible. Why
is this trait so pronounced in mankind? Let
us hear from the editor and see what he has to
say. David H. Keller should have a chance at
this, as a psychologist, to express his opinion
on the subject of “Doubt.’'

The story “The Terror Out of Space,” in
one w'ay, could be considered excellent; but in
another, very dull. It is good as far as charac-
August, 1934

AMAZING STORIES

141

ter portrayal is concerned, but the story is weak
when it comes to giving the readers something
new.

  ‘The Lost City” is fair; but the author must
have a sadistic mind, at one point anyway, when
he remarks on the humor of Cheops. Maybe
there were a couple of Cheops and I’m thinking
of another. If it was the one that built the
great pyramid in Egypt, then his humor was
very touching ... on a lot of people, if you
understand what I mean. I’ll let it pass with-
out any further remarks. Hope Peril doesn’t
feel hurt.

  Cut down on the number of serials to two at
the most in one issue. If there are a lot of
them cn hand, why not print them in a Quar-
terly. You could get rid of eight short novels
in a year in this manner; two in each Quarterly.
The Monthly could handle about seven others
during a year. Fifteen in all

 Would like to hear from anyone who is
inclined to write; and if anyone is interested
in finding out interesting things about authors,
drop me a line and I’ll see what I can do.

  If, by this time, the Editor feels I have let
him down, I will say I have a complete file of
all Amazing Stories since the first, and am
looking forward to the tenth birthday of this
patriarch of Science Fiction with no little
anticipation.

                 Kenneth E. Pritchard,

                        82 Second Street,
                            Pittsfield, Mass.

  (You need not be afraid of knocking an
Editor, that poor individual spends his life
in an atmosphere of knocks. You speak of
something seeming “passing strange” to you.
Man’s efforts to rise from the surface of the
earth become very messy when he reaches ten
miles of elevation and the moon is, in round
numbers, twenty-four hundred times as far
away as this. Such figures as this should take
out any element of personality which curiously
enough some correspondents put into their
judgment of our views on space.—Editor.)

  A Valuable Letter from a Young Reader

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  The minute my copy of the May A. S. came,
I just had to sit down and write you a letter.
The cover is superb; I’ll bet it will double
your circulation. The editorial is excellent, and
of special interest to me now, as I am reading
Eddington’s “Expanding Universe.” The stories
—I’ll have to give up classifying them. They’re
all so good that I can’t decide, especially “The
White Dwarf,” by J. Lewis Burtt.

  In your blurb for “The Lost City” you say
Mr. Peril is a new author. If I remember
rightly, he wrote “Dynasty of Blue-Black Rays”
in 1930. Are you going to rim three serials
regularly? I notice one is a reprint. Keep this
up. Some you could publish are “Explorers
Into Infinity,” “Fire People,” and “Man on the
Meteor,” by Ray Cummings, “Blind Spot,” by

Flint & Hall, “Out of the Moon,” by Flint,
“Ship of Ishtar” and “Seven Footprints to
Satan,” by Merritt, and “On the Brink of
2000,” by Garret Smith. These are now prac-
tically unobtainable, and I’m sure we readers
would like them. What stories have you se-
lected for the next quarterly? Is it a reprint?

 Below, I’ve listed the best story you’ve pub-
 lished each year (1926 to 1934) :

1926—Second	Deluge

1927—Moon	Pool

1928—Skylark	of Space

1929—Into	the Green Prism

1930—Skylark	Three

1931—Stone	from the Green Star

1932—Swordsman	of Sarvon

1933—Into	the Hydrosphere

 1934—Triplanetary	(so far)

 Quarterly:

1928—Sunken	World

1929—After	12,000 Years

1930—Paradise	& Iron

1931—Islands	of Space

1932—Voice	Across the Years

1933—Man	from To-morrow

Where are: Williamson, Hamilton, Meek,
Harris, Starlz, Cloukey and Schachner. The
last named is, in my opinion, one of the best
science fiction authors.

 How about a forecast of next month’s stories,
 at the end of the stories, or on the last page?

 Would some reader please oblige on how to
 bind issues ? I would appreciate this, as I have
 now about 85 A. S., making up about all you
 have published, which I would like to bind.

 I notice a letter from John Russell Fearn in
 Discussions; have you any stories by him on
 hand?

 On the whole, I believe your mag. has reached
 a new high, surpassing the very high standard
 you set in 1932. There is one fault, however,
 the uneven edges. With these, the mag. tears
 easily. I hope you remedy this as I think most
 readers want them cut even.

 I realize that this is rather a lengthy letter,
 but I hope you will print it, as I enjoy seeing
 my name in print.

               William H. Kennedy, Jr.,

                       31 Wellesley Park,
                          Dorchester, Mass.

 (Your list of stories is most interesting for
 us, taking us back so many years. We give a
 forecast of the next month’s stories when we
 can find room for it. We have two stories by
 Fearn on hand. We certainly appreciate your
 flattering judgement of the success of our
 efforts.—Editor.)

More About Reprints—How to Select Them

Editor, Amazing Stories:

This must be the umpteenth letter you’ve
received requesting reprints. Now, when I say
reprints I don’t mean the moth-eaten archaic
stories by Poe, Verne and Wells that you’ve
been dishing up to us lately (one can almost
142

AMAZING STORIES

August, 1934

smell the odor of mothballs about them) but
the interesting, really entertaining stories taken
from early issues of ‘Argosy,’ ‘Science and In-
vention’ and our own magazine. Certainly it
would be just as easy and convenient to use
these as the ones you are now using. Some of
the old favorites I think would make good
reprints are “The Blind Spot,” “The Nth Man,”
“The Moon of Doom,” “The Mad Planet,”
“The Red Dust,” “The Runaway Skyscraper,”
“The Green Splotches” and “The Ark of the
Covenant.” To my mind the above represent
some of the finest science fiction ever printed
and beat Poe’s and Verne’s stuff all hollow. I
don’t suppose you’d ever think of doing it, but
if you wanted a way to increase circulation
figures, why not reprint A. Merritt’s greatest
story, “The Metal Emperor,” which ran se-
rially in Science and Invention! You know,
I'm fairly spoiling for a chance to read that
story.

  Now for a few comments on recent issues
of A. S. The new serial by Doctor E. E. Smith
is better than average, but in my opinion it’s
pretty far below his usual standard. I guess
the pace he set in the Skylark stories and
Spacehounds was a bit too hot to keep up.
Still I got a tremendous kick out of the battle
between earth’s superspaceship and the Nevian
vessel as described in the third installment of
“Triplanetary”. They say Hamilton is with-
out a peer as a writer of space battles, but take
my word for it, he can’t hold a candle to
Smith in this department. “Peril Among the
Drivers” was an excellent adventure novelette
by Bob Olsen. I thoroughly enjoyed every
line of it. I suppose it was a sort of sequel to
“The Ant with a Human Soul”. Victor End-
ersby’s story, “A Job of Blending” was pretty
good but was much, much too short as was
“The Man Who Stopped the Earth”. The new
serial by H. Haverstock Hill, who is really
J. M. Walsh, an English novelist, is just fair.
Rather mediocre, run-of-the-mill stock. I’d call
it. “A Descent into the Maelstrom”, by Edgar
Allen Poe was terrible. It was only about the
fifteenth time I’d come across it in different
books and magazines.

  In closing let me say that I am in the market
for back issues of Amazing Stories from
1930 back to the beginning. Anyone having
such to sell at a fair price please get in touch
with me.

Robert Tufts,

61 Rathbun Ave.,
White Plains, N. Y.

  (It is well to specify numbers in some cases.
We receive so many letter^ about the contents
of Amazing Stories that we do not know what
to do to please everybody, and this is a task
for a Napoleon. The proverb says, “Please
yourself and you will please one person.”
The trouble with an Editor is that he has to
please a multitude of people, yet has to please
himself in a sense. This is because unless he

does good work he will be displeased within
himself, yet he runs the chance of not pleasing
his readers. So you see the Editor is really
between two fires in wanting to do what im-
presses one as right and also in wishing to pub-
lish what his readers will like. You are a
little too hasty in your criticism of such dis-
tinguished authors as the ones you name. H. G.
Wells is a very live writer to-day. Edgar
Allan Poe is world-famous. It is curious that
while you object to the reprint, “A Decent
Into the Malestrom”, you say it has been re-
printed about fifteen times already. Does not
this indicate that at least fifteen Editors have
agreed with us? It is a long time since we
published a story by Wells. In 1927 and 1928
we gave a number of them and we consider
that they were well received. None has been
published in recent years. Within a few weeks
George Bernard Shaw has pronounced Poe
the greatest American author. We are glad to
publish your request about back issues. You
might address our Circulation Manager who
may be able to supply your needs.—Editor.)

A Letter of Complaint—But Others Like
What You Object To

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  This is for the Discussions Columns. Any-
way lets get away from formalities of letter
openings. This is a letter of protest so there
is no use beating around the bush. First of all
I wish to protest loudly about the printing of
Edgar Allen Poe’s stories in our mag. There
is nothing worth while in the way of science in
them. You are always commenting upon the
fact to your readers that you are over-stocked
with stories. Do you mean Poe’s stories? If
you insist on his stories why not publish another
magazine containing his complete works. Oh
well, maybe by the time this letter is printed
(if it is) you will have gotten over your mania
for Poe stories. I would like to see in the
Discussions Columns the opinion of some of the
other readers of your magazine on this sub-
ject.

  I heartily agree with another reader when
he says that since you have joined the NRA
why not raise the price a little and then maybe
we could have smooth edges. By the way the
other reader I refer to lives in this same town.
I shall have to meet him.

  There seems to be a great amount of con-
troversy on this subject of reprints. I think you
told some of your readers that you were think-
ing favorably of giving us some of your former
stories. I have not seen any yet. I notice
around this town that a good many of the
people have very little interest in science.
Whenever I try to tell my friends anything
scientific they class me as an idiot or something.
However there is one fellow that will listen to
me without laughing. I try to interest some
of the rest of them but they just don’t like
it I guess. By the way what has happened
August, 1934

AMAZING

STORIES

143

to John W. Campbell, Jr. He is a fine writer,
but I don’t see him anymore. Maybe I am
wrong but it seems to me that the magazine
is declining in the last two issues. See if you
can’t come up a bit.

  Why does it take the letters so long to get
in the Discussion Columns. Because there are
so many? Why not have one issue devoted
to letters or perhaps one half an issue would
be enough.

                          G.	Hunter,

                      604 Preston Road,
                      Morgantown, W. Va.

  (This letter is a good example of what we
may almost call scolding. You speak of us
taking a long while sometimes to get in let-
ters. Many of them however, are published in
very good time. You suggest that we should
raise the price a little. What we are working
for is to increase the circulation so that we will
feel authorized to introduce various improve-
ments. You are mistaken if you have any idea
that the magazine is declining for it definitely
is not. We are certain also that our readers
would not like having an issue of the magazine
devoted to letters or even half an issue devoted
thereto.—Editor.)

Back Numbers To Be Disposed Of for Foreign
Postage Stamps

Editor, Amazing Stories :

  From time to time there have been letters
from foreign readers asking where they could
obtain back copies of Amazing Stories. I
have quite a number of back issues extending
as far back as 1926 and 1927. I would be will-
ing to exchange these for postage stamps of
their respective countries. Although foreign
readers are in a better position than readers in
the U. S. A., I will answer all letters, regard-
less of their origin.

                     Edwin Rothouse,

                        4713 N. 9th Street.

                             Philadelphia, Pa.

    Copies of Amazing Stories for Sale,
with Covers
Editor, Amazing Stories:

  I wish to offer for sale, the following issues
of Amazing Stories. With covers—January,
February, March, May, October and Novem-
ber, 1933. January and April, 1934. Price
twenty-five cents. Without covers—July and
December, 1932. April, June, July and August-
September, 1933. Price fifteen cents.

                        Watson Fulks,

                                Route 2,
                         Conway, Arkansas.

Amazing Stories of the Last Three and a
Half Years for Sale—Notes on Stories

Editor, AmazinC Stories:

  Noticing in your Discussions column letters
requesting choice back issues of “our” maga-
zine, I am sending this letter in the hopes that

you will publish it in the Discussions Columns.

I have a number of much wanted issues such
as a complete set of Edward E. Smith’s stories,
“Spacehounds.of I. P. C.” and “Skylark Three,”
not to mention plenty of others, as I have been
reading your “mag.” for three and a half years,
both the Monthly and Quarterly. Unfortunately
circumstances necessitate my disposing of quite
a sizeable pile of magazines. Some of your
stories have been of such high merit that I
have read a number of them as many as four
or five times. Some of these are “Invaders from
the Infinite” and the other Arcot Wade and
Morey yarns. “When the Dark Star Passed,”
“The Stone from the Green Star,” “A Modern
Prometheus,” “Television Hill” and so on ad
infinitum. I just went upstairs to look up the
name of a story and I came across “Invaders
from the Infinite” and “Skylark Three.” Well
so long while I bury my nose in the doings of
Arcot, Wade and Morey. Hoping to see this
letter in your magazine, I am

                         Robert Wilde,

                    3821 N. Darien Street,
                            Philadelphia, Pa.

   (Your list of good stories is quite interesting
and is enlightening for us in letting us know
what authors do the work which pleases our
readers. There are quite a number of letters
in which correspondents tell of having issues
for sale and some of these will certainly meet
with customers and we hope the same will come
to you.—Editor.)

A Canadian Correspondent Asks About the
“Ways of the Moon”

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  Your stories have always appealed to me and
so you may imagine my surprise and pleasure
when I saw Amazing Stories reappear in De-
cember on Canadian newsstands. I have not
missed a copy since. The two serials were both
great stories and well written, but “The Lost
City” promises to excel both of these. The
short stories are very interesting and cover a
great deal of ground.

  In “The Man Who Stopped the Earth” by
Henry Kostkos, the moon streaked off from the
earth at a tangent when the earth was stopped.
If the earth was stopped would it still not re-
tain its influence on the moon and still cause it
to circle around it? However, it is only a de-
tail in a good story.

  Wishing you all the success—

                       John O’Connell,

                      Glanford Avenue,
                      Victoria, B. C.,
                      Canada.

  (Our magazine now is published in Canada
so you will have no trouble hereafter in pur-
chasing it. We will leave your question about
the story by Mr. Kostkos to be answered by
him. Canada is not very far away from this
part of the world, but it is another country
and we are glad to get a little touch of the
cosmic effect, meaning readers all over the
world in our magazine.—Editor.)
144

AMAZING

STORIES

                 The Fall 1934                   
                AMAZING STORIES                  
                   QUARTERLY                     
               On Sale July 10th                 
                     with                        
              "The Sunken World"                 
            by Stanton A. Coblentz               
               "Barton's Island"                 
                by Harl Vincent                  
                      « ®                        
              "Malignant Entity"                 
               by Otis A. Klein                  
                      • •                        
             And Other Worth-While               
               Science-Fic+ionI                  
             Order Your Copy Now!                
Amazing Stories Quarterly                        
222 W. 39th St., N. Y. C.                        
Enclosed find 50c. Send me the                   
Fall 1934 AMAZING STORIES                        
QUARTERLY immediately upon                       
publication. (Canada 75c.)                       
     Address.............................        
     City................State...........        
              OPPORTUNITY AD-LETS                
     These columns will appear monthly in        
                Amazing Stories                  
 Rate---Eight cents a word. Cash should accom¬   
pany all advertisements unless placed by an ac¬  
credited advertising agency. Advertisements of   
       less than 10 words not accepted.          
            TECK PUBLICATIONS, INC.              
       222 W. 39th St., New York. N. Y.          
___BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES_

  250 Unusually Successful Money-Making Ideas; many
new; from Government records. Only 35c coin or stamps.
Enterprise Bureau, Tower AS, Syracuse, N. Y.

             CHEMISTRY
FREE Chemical catalog. Lowest prices. Enclose stamp.
Bresal Chemists, 157 Leonard, New York City.

       CORRESPONDENCE COURSES
USED correspondence courses and educational books sola
or rented. Inexpensive, Money-back agreement. Catalog
listing 3,000 bargains—FREE (Courses bought). Lee
Mountain, Pisgah, Alabama. _

SCIENCE FICTION
BACK NUMBERS, all Science Fiction Magazines.
Write for new list of Argosies containing Science Fiction
stories. Dale, 23\ N. Illinois St., Indianapolis, Indiana.

Would You Give 15/
For A $2.00 Novel?

Of course you would! And, that’s exactly
what you do, every time you buy a copy of

COMPLETE DETECTIVE NOVEL
MAGAZINE!

Each issue brings a brand-new, complete
detective novel by a well-known writer
which later appears in $2.00 book-form.
But, the magazine sells for 15c!

The August issue of COMPLETE DE-
TECTIVE NOVEL MAGAZINE, now on

sale at all newsstands, features “The Grey
Death” by Kenneth Whipple. Make sure
you get a copy—it’s a story dealing with
disintegrating rays and death rays that
will appeal to every reader of AMAZING
STORIES!

Complete
Detective Novel Magazine

Head
••Renegade Riders"

by Claude Rister

for

Drama I Romance I
Thrills! Quick Action!

In the August

Wild West Stories

and

Complete Kovel
Magazine

25c At All Newsstands
     AODR

....that's all I
need to PROVE
lean makeYov.
a NEW MAX/

by

  NOTE: No

  other Physi-
  cal Instruc-
  tor in the
  World has
  ever DARED
  make such
  an offer !

 ■yc;

Holder of the title:

“The World’s Most Perfectly
Developed Man”

Wore in open competition in the only
National and International contests
held during the past 15 years

ONE week! That’s all the time T
need. In 7 days 111 PROVE that
I can make you over into a new
man of vitality and po-.ver.

I’ll do for you exactly what I did for
myself. I was once a 9'-pound weakling.

I was sickly, only half alive. I had a
flabby, namby-pamby body.

  How I changcd myself from this '‘below aver-
” physique into the man who won—against
all comers—the title of “World's Most Per-
fectly Developed Man” is an absorbing story. Ii
is told in my book, “Everlasting Health and
Strength," which I will send you absolutely free if you
fill in and mail the coupon below.

       * It's Easy MY WAY

  Big claims mean nothing! That is why I offer you more
than promises. That is why I offer you a 7 days’ trial of
my famous method, Dynamic-Tension. That lets you sec for
yourself that I back up every promise I make. That
PROVES beyond a flicker of a doubt that I can and will
turn you. too, into a vital, powerful NEW MAN.

  Thousands of fellows all over the world have used my
method—and now you can, too. Like them, you can put on
firm layers of muscle where you need them most, tone un
your whole system, banish constipation, poor digestion, bad
breath, pimples and other conditions that rob you of the
good things and good times of life, and get the “drive”
that'll take you to the top of the ladder.

      I've Got NO USE for Apparatus

   I haven’t any use for tricky welahts or pulleys and machines that
may strain your heart anil olher vital organs. There's nothing un-
natural or artificial about this method of mine.

And X don't dose you or doctor you. Dynamic-
Tension Is all I need. It's the natural, tested
method for developing real men inside and out. It
distributes added pounds of powerful muscles over
your body, sets rid of aliments and surplus
fat, and Rives you the vitality, strength and pep
that win you the admiration of every woman and
the respect of any man.

Send for YOUR Copy
of MY FREE BOOK

  Don’t be held back by a bclow-par body!

Now you can easily and quickly make this
new man of yourself! Do what my thou-
sands of other pupils did—send for a free
copy of my illustrated book, “Everlasting Health and Strength."
Learn hnw I huilt myself up from a weak, no-muscle, always-
tired. “runt” to winner of the title. “The World’s Most Perfect-
ly Developed Man.” Gamble a stamp to mail my coupon—to
learn how YOU can win the biggest prize in life—a handsome,
healthy, husky body. Address CHARLES ATLAS, Dept. 9-G,
133 E. 23rd St., New York City.

FREE BOOK

Gamble a stamp today.
Mall coupon for tree eonyol
my new bnok. "everlasting
Health and Strength.” It
shows you from ado 'ho-
tos how I have dev
mv Pupils to my ot
fectly balanced I
tlons. Where shall
yourcooy? Writ.- you
and address plainly
coup n. Mail It todi
personally.

NAME

      CITY
Balanced
10 MOUTHS
TO PAY >

1146 Clement St, SKy

We're out tu make tl oUA ’■j&V /V

of new friends and to show

YOU how satisfactory it is to snop dreet from	a c

Largest Mall Order Credit Jewelers." Beautifully -t>W_
first quality, guaranteed diamonds and Jewelry at pr res
that boldly challenge comparison, cash or credit aoj
all, YOU DON'T NEED CASH.

     S1.00 Is All You Need Now! TEN MONTHS T
Just send 81.00 and a few personal facts In confidence—ss» -
(If possible, mention one or two business reference- Vo £ .-*»
be made—your dealings with us are absolutely CON til
••red tape"—no delay! We ship promptly, prepaid.

               10 DAYS FREE TRIAL
Taka 10 day* fro* trial I If you can duplicate our
^ anywhere, return your purchase and we'll return your
"V II satisfied, pay only the small amount stated each -
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
^.Written GuarantM Gold Bond with every dia~. -
N?* watch! Your satisfaction Is absolutely assured b>
s. •	year record of fair and square dealing. «»■

These
2 Rings
for

JC-1 . . Perfectly matched square
prong. "Cupid" ensemble fpr er-
gagement and wedding. Exquisitely
hand engraved UK Solid White
Gold. tulip design. Certified, fiery
genuine, blue-white diamond in
engagement ring- 3 matched
genuine diamonds lu wedding ring.
A $42.50 value—now only $29.75
for both rings. S2.88 a month.

IF PURCHASED SEPARATELY
JC-1 A Engagement Ring only...

*19.75—51.88 n month
JC-1B . Wedding King only . . .

112.60— 51.15 n month

 2 DIAMOND BAGUETTE SA

                   now only
     Only $2.35 a month

 JC-8 ... A dainty, new Bag'-*';*
 watch of exquisitely modern de-rr
 wliite, lifetime case Is set wit* :
 genuine diamonds and Ctted *
 guaranteed movement. Lovely bam
 bracelet to match. 837.50 value Nsi
 824.50— only 82.35 a month.

Only $2.65 a month

  ■-2 . . Ultra fashlon-
  e saunre prong engage-
  -t with a cer-
  genulne,
  •re dla-
  strhed
  side,
  ’"’ea

15-Jewel Waltham and SQ C75 tor
Solid Gold Initial Ring only WV both

 JC-8 . . . Order this combination together for
 maximum savings! Famous 15J Waltham wrist
 watch or latest design, white lifetime case. Factory
 guaranteed, accurate and dependable. Sturdy link
 bracelet The 10K Solid (White or Yellow) Gold
 genuine black onyx initial ring Is set with a genuine
 diamond with two raised white gold initials. Price
 Tor both only 836.75— only 83.58 a month.

        IF PURCHASED SEPARATELY
   JC-6A—15J W'altham only *22.00—82.10 a mo.
   JC-6B—Signet ring only 816.60—81.55 a mo.

“Royal’s” Streamline Smntiia

only 81.39 a montl*

 JC-S . . Smartly styled, new
 Faguette-effent dainty wrist wate*, wmm
 lifetime case: fullv guaranteed iMnaai
 Latent link bracelet to matio. Safe *■
 only 814.95—only *1.39 a mcvk.

FREE Adults ■ Nrw 32 page catalog

Hundreds ot special values In certified,
first quality genuine blue-white diamonds. ■
standard watches, fine Jewelry, silverware JB
and cameras. Beautiful styles fully
described. S*nd far your copy to-day.

15- J ewe!

WALTHAM OUTFIT

Only Sl.M a month

 JC-9 . - . The famous Waltham.
 One of America's greatest
 watches specially offered at a
 spectacularly low price. Hand-
 somely engraved, thin model, 12
 xUe, white, lifetime case; factory
 guaranteed 15J WALTHAM
 movement; complete with en-
 graved knite and chain to match.
 Now 819.75—only 81.88 a mo.

 ESTABLI5

  ADDRESS DEPT.43-H

170 BROADWAY, NEW YOFS.

#	now only

 ■ Only $2.35 a month

 JC-8 ... A dainty, new BagaeOa
 watch of exquisitely modern de^o
 wliite, lifetime case Is set wit* :
 genuine diamonds and Ctted bus
 guaranteed movement. Lovely bam
 bracelet to match. 837.50 value Nsi
 824.50— only 82.35 a month.

“Royal’s” Streamline Smntiia

only 81.39 a montl*

 JC-S . . Smartly styled, new
 Paguelle-effent dainty wrist wate*. wmm
 lifetime case; rullv guaranteed iMnaai
 Latest link bracelet to mstco. Safe *■
 only 814.95—only 81 39 a mcvk.

 Its ■ Ne-w 32 page catalog-

 ial values In certified,
 le blue-white diamonds. '
 fine Jewelry, silverware Jm
 leautlful styles fully

 or your copy to-day.

 ESTABLI5

  ADDRESS DEPT.43-H

170 BROADWAY, NEW YOFS.

©TAIL

DIAMOND <L
WATCH CO