SATURDAY OCT4

 BY THE
 YEAR

 cA Story
 of “Queer
 Street "and
 the Price Men
 Pay at Its End

   Leverage

CAuthor of
Whispering Wire&Ji
Only

■■■■■■■mmMinaanrafe

Burlington Watch Co. \

19th Street and Marshall Blvd. *
Dept. 1547	Chicago, III.

A Month

              Andallofthisfor$3.50—only $3.50

              per month—a great reduction in watch prices
              -direct to you—positively the exact prices
              the wholesale dealer would have to pay. Think of
              the high-grade, guaranteed watch we offer here at
              such a remarkable price. And, if you wish, you may pay
              this price at the rate of $3.50 a month. Indeedi the
              days of exorbitant watch prices have passed.

See It First

                  see the watch. You don’t buy a Burlington
                Watch without seeing it. Look at the splendid
                beauty of the watch itself. Thin model, handsomely
                shaped—aristocratic in every line. Then look at the
                works! There you will see the masterpiece of the watch
                makers’ skill. A perfect timepiece adjusted to positions,
                temperature and isochronism.

Practically every vessel In the Tf. S. Nary has many Burlington watches aboard.
Some have over 100 Burlingtons. The victory of the Burlington among the men in .
the U. S. Navy is testimony to Burlington superiority.

Please send me (without obligation and
prepaid) your free book on watches _
witn full explanation of your cash or
$3.50amonthofferontheBurlingtonWatch.

Send Your Name on
This Free Coupon

Name............

Addreee..

Get the Burlington Watch Book by sending this
'V coupon now. You will know a lot more about watch buying
\ when you read it. You will be able to “steer clear” of
\ the over-priced watches which are no better. Send
the coupon today for the watch book and our offcr.

Burlington Watch Co.

V 19th Street and Marshall Blvd.. Dept. 1547 Chicago, Illinois

> Canadian Office: 355 Portage Ave., Winnipeg, Manitoba

*

q

 41

q

Look!

 21 Rubj and Sap-
 phire Jewels—■
 Adjusted to the sec-
 ond—

 Adjusted to tempera»
 ture —

 Adjusted to isochron-
 ism—

 Adjusted to positions—
 25-year gold strata
 case —

 Genuine Montgomery
 Railroad Dial —

 New Ideas in Thin
 Cases.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

BE

A

  CERTIFICATED
  ELECTRICIAN

.5 YOU MEN_The country needs more trained,

i ■	graduate electricians! Thousands have gone

  I ICTf ILI I intotheGovernmentserviceandthereissuch
  an unusual demand for competent electrical
  men that I am making a wonderful offer at this time.
  HERE IS YOIR OPPORTUNITY! I want to send you my splendid offer now.

Don’t hesitate because of age or experience.

                              There is a wonderful opportunity now for men
  "'ho will qualify as trained electricians. Prepare
  ^	yourself for a real position, by my Home Study Course

  s	in Practical Electricity. I am Chief Engineer of the Chicago

                                Engineering Works. I have trained thousands of men and can
                                help you better than anybody else. We also have large, splendidly-
                                equipped shops where you can come at any time for special instruc-
                                tion without charge. No other correspondence school can give you this.

SPECIAL OFFER: Right now I am giving a

                         big, valuable surprise, that I cannot explain here, to every
                         student who answers this ad. Write today!

$46 to $1002£ a Week

Go after some real money. Qualify for one of the

                   thousands of splendid positions open. AH you need to start is a few
                months’ snappy, practical instruction from a competent engineer. Come
                to me — NOW. I’ll give you my personal care to ensure rapid .and effi-
                cient progress. My course is intensely practical. It is highly condensed,
                simplified, up-to-date and complete. I am so sure you will make a
                splendid success in this study, that I will Guarantee Under Bond to return
                to you every cent paid for tuition, if you are not entirely satisfied when you receive
                your Electrician’s Certificate granted you as a graduate of my school.

FREE-Lessons and Outfit-FREE

Send me the Free Outfit Coupon at once. Do it now!

           For a limited period I am making a slashing cut in the cost of tuition, and
       giving each new student a grand outfit of Electrical Tools, Material and Instru-
       ments— in addition — Absolutely Free. I will also send you—free and fully
       prepaid — Proof Lessons to show you how easily you can be trained at home
       to enter this great profession, by means of my new, revised and original system of mail instruction.

Use this “ Free Outfit ” Coupon I ACT PROMPTLY

chief eng. cooke. Dept. 430 [ Get the full benefit of this great

      441 Cass St., CHICAGO, ILL. I offer. Send the Coupon or a postal for free
  Sir : Send at once—fully prepaid and en- | information without delay. Do it now—be-
  ^«f^r°S?iemonth. 318 ^ I fore my free offers and guarantee are withdrawn.

                      |	CHIEF ENGINEER COOKE

| Chicago Engineering Works

                                                        DEPT. 430

| 441 Cass Street	CHICAGO, ILL.

In answering this advertisement it i» desirable that you. mention this magazine.

ALL-STORY
ALL-STORY WEEKLY

Volume CII

 *

l

SE

 351

CONTENTS FOR OCTOBER 4, 1919

1

Number 2

 The entire contents of this magazine are protected by copyright, and must not be reprinted without the publishers* permission.

FOUR CONTINUED STORIES

         Where Dead Men Walk . . . . . Henry Leverage ....       177 
A Four-Part Story --- Part One                                       
           Ashes to Ashes ....                                   229 
 A Six-Part Story --- Part Two                                       
           The Ivory Pipe ....                                   259 
A Three-Part Story --- Part Three                                    
       Comrades of Peril . . .                                   315 
A Six-Part Story --- Part Five                                       
                           TWO NOVELETTES                            
The Man in the Moon                                              201 
The Volcanologist                                                292 
                         SEVEN short stories                         
         Out of His Head . . .                                   218 
Environment.....                                                 249 
       Taming of Jim Bater . . . . . . H. P. Holt......          286 
      The Guardian of the Gate                                   306 
Censored......                                                   335 
Tribute.......                                                   340 
   Prince, Potentate or Potato . . . . Eugene P. Lyle, Jr. . . . 342 
VERSE

Lovely Child......Harry Kemp 258 | The Draft......Clinton Scollard 314

Heart to Heart Talks......The Editor......349

THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY, 280 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, and TEMPLE HOUSE, TEMPLE AVENUE, E. C., LONDON

Frame A. Munsey, President	Richard H. Titherington, Secretary	Christopher H. Pope, Treasurer

 Single copies, lO cents. By the year, $4.00 in United States, its dependencies, Mexico and Cuba ; $6.00 to Canada, and $7.00 to Foreign
 Countries. Remittances should be made by check, express money order or postal money order. Currency should not be sent unless registered

PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY. COPYRIGHT, 1919
Entered as second class matter May 17, 1915, at the Post-Office at New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879

COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITAIN
ADVERTISING SECTION.

Every

inch

solid,

pliable,

high

grade,

chrome

tan

leather.

Elmer Richards Co.

   Dept. 1077, West 35th Street, Chicago, III.

Gentlemen:—I enclose —....— as first payment. Please

send Men’s 16-Inch High Cut Shoe, No. E-6. Size............

It I am not satisfied when I receive these shoes, I can re-
turn them and get payment back with charges. Other-
wise I will pay advertised terms, $1.00 with coupon, $2.00
monthly—price $12.95.

Name..

Address..

Post Office.------------------State..

Down, Brings You the Famous

“Winter King”—

16-Inch Men’s High Cut Shoe

Send only $1.00 and we will send you this splendid shoe
bargain on approval. If entirely satisfied you have six
months to pay balance. You can’t imagine what this shoe
is until you see it and feel what wonderful quality is in
every inch of the leather. You don’t run the slightest risk.

If you aren’t more than delighted return the shoes and your dollar will
be refunded immediately. Don't wait. The stock is limited. Order now.

Chrome Tan Solid LeatherThroughout

16 inches tall. Every inch selected, softest, pliable, tough, storm
proof, solid, dark chrome tan leather. The best wearing leather in
the world and at the same time is pliable and easy on the feet. Full
oak tanned, double soles. Solid leather heels. Bellows tongue,
same superb quality tan leather. Full vamp runs all the way
under toe cap. Leather counters. Leather insoles. Back seams
reinforced. Two straps and buckles. Positively the best shoe
in the world for work or hunting.

Sizes € to 11. Order by No. E-6. Be sure to give
yourstze. $1.00 cash, $2.00 monthly. Total $12.95.

Months to Pay

Think of it, less than 7 cents a day—just about
three postage stamps—that's all it takes to
buy these splendid high cut shoes. We open
this charge account for you gladly. We
don't charge a penny for credit — not one
cent discount for cash. We trust honest
people everywhere. All business men use
their credit. Use yours. Your credit is good
with us. So send for these shoes today.

Order Now

People all over the country will rush their
orders for these shoes, so don’t delay.
There’s only a limited quantity of leather
like this to be had in the whole United
States. This offer is only open for a limited
time. Send the coupon today with a $1.00
P. O. order or a dollar bill. Don’t wait a
minute. Remember you take no risk. Send
this coupon right now.

Elmer Richards Co.

          Dept 1077, W. 35th St, Chicago

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
(las sified^dvertisin^A

ThePurpPSeof this Department Classified Advertising Rates W I

is to put the reader in touch imme-
diately with the newest needfuls for
the home, office, farm, or person;
to offer, or seek, an unusual busi-
ness opportunity, or to suggest a
service that may be performed satis-
factorily through correspondence.
It will pay a housewife or business
man equally well to read these
advertisements carefully.

in The Munsey Magazines:

Line Rate

Munsey’s Magazine - $1.50
The Argosy Comb’n
The Argosy . . •
All-Story Weekly.

1.76

  Combination
  Line Rate
  $3.25
  less 2 i> cash
  discount

Oct. 25th Argosy Combination Form Close Oct. 1st.

'A New Force In Business” Is a booklet that tells how
to advertise successfully In the Classified Department
of the Munsey Magazines. Mailed anywhere on request.

AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED

 BIGGEST MONEY-MAKER IN AMERICA. I want 100 men

and women quick to take orders for raincoats, raincapes and
waterproof aprons. Thousands of orders waiting for you.
$2.00 an hour for spare time. Maher made $597.50 in
June; Nissen $19.00 in three hours; Purviance $207.00 in
seven days. $2500.00 a year profit for four average orders
a day. No delivering or collecting. Beautiful coat free.
No experience or capital required. Write quick for information.
Comer Mfg. Co., Dept. Y119, Dayton, Ohio.

  AGENTS—YOUR OWN COOTHES FREE and $60.00 a week.
Start in your spare time. Tailoring business simply great this
year. Write American Woolen Mills Company, Dept. 1433,
Chicago, for cloth samples of sixty big sensational sellers.

 AGENTS—NEW AUTO INVENTION. Wonderful chemical
cloth; works like magic; one rub over rain or snow blurred
windshield, street car or locomotive window, presto 1 glass
stays clear 24 hours; can't blur. World's fastest seller;
30,000 first month. Exclusive territory free; worth fortune.
Security Mfg. Co., Dept. 157, Toledo, Ohio.

  OIBERTY PORTRAITS BIG WINNERS. Thirty days credit.
36 hour service. Rejects credited. World’s Famous Peace Paint-
ings now ready. Easy $100 weekly. Write quickly for catalog
and free samples. Consolidated Portrait Company, Dept. 22,
1036 W. Adams Street, Chicago.

 NEW WINDSHIEOD COOTH Solves Baffling Problem.

One wipe cleans rain-blurred windshield. Stays clear 24
hours. Motorists amazed. Agents getting rich. 300% profit.
Inclusive territory. Cabco Co., Toledo, Ohio.

 WANTED—SAOESMAN—Side or Main Oine—To sell low
priced guaranteed tires. Good money making proposition for
live wire. Write, Consolidated Auto Tire Outlet Company,
618 So. Michigan Avenue. Chicago, 111.

  AGENTS TO TRAVEO BY AUTOMOBIOE to introduce our
fast selling, popular priced household necessities. The greatest line
on earth. Make $10 a day. Complete outfit and automobile Fur-
nished Free to workers. Write today for exclusive territory.
American Products Co., 1601 American Bldg., Cincinnati, Ohio.

  PHOTO PIOOOW TOPS, PORTRAITS, Frames, Honor Rolls,

Pennants, Patriotic Portraits and Pictures; Medallions, War
Books. Service Banners. Prompt shipments; samples and catalogue
free. 30 days credit. Jas. C. Bailey Co., Desk W-2, Chicago, 111.

 AGENTS: WIREOESS UMBRELLA.
SOMETHING BRAND NEW. Costs no more than ordinary
kind. Biggest seller ever introduced. Write quick for agency.
Parker Manufacturing Co., 106 Dike Street. Dayton, Ohio.

 $3.50 PER DAY PAID ONE	MAN

OR WOMAN IN EACH TOWN to distribute free	circulars

for Economy Non-Alcoholic Flavoring. Permanent	position.
F. E. Barr Co., 607 Lowell Building, Chicago.

 AGENTS: 2 IN I REVERSIBLE RAINCOAT. One side
handsome raincoat, reverse side fine dress coat. Something
new. Latest style. Not sold in stores. Guaranteed waterproof.
Big seller. Write for agency and sample to workers.
Thomas Raincoat Co., 1507 North Street, Dayton, Ohio.

MICHIGAN FARM LANDS FOR SALE

 GOOD FARM LANDS. In Michigan’s Best Hardwood
Counties. Only $15 to $30 per acre. Easy monthly terms. Big
money in potatoes, beans, clover, alfalfa, grains, fruit, poultry
and stock. 10 to 160 acres. No swamps or stones. Good
schools, churches, markets, climate, fishing and hunting. Free
farm advisers and free insurance. Money loaned to build and
to buy livestock. Write today for free booklet from largest
land company. Established 1898. Swigart Land Company,
Y1245 First National Bank Building, Chicago, 111.

AUTO SCHOOLS

  BE AN AUTO OR TRACTOR EXPERT. Unlimited opportunity
for civil and Government Work. 5000 successful graduates. Write
at once for our big free catalog. Cleveland Auto School,
1819 E. 24th Street, Cleveland, Ohio.

AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED

 WOULD YOU LIKE TO WEAR A
BEAUTIFUL NEW SUIT made to your own measure Free,
and make $35 to $50 every week? You can the best
dressed man in your town and earn a lot of extra money if
you write at once for our beautiful samples and wonderful offer.
The Progress Tailoring Co., Dept. 284, Chicago.

  WE START YOU IN BUSINESS, furnishing everything.
Men and women, $30.00 to $100.00 weekly operating our "New
System Specialty Candy Factories” anywhere. Opportunity life-
time; booklet free. Ragsdale Co., Drawer 93, East Orange, N. J.

  DON’T ACCEPT AN AGENCY before getting our new premium
selling plan. We circularize prospects in your name Free.
$5.00 to $20.00 daily. Beauti Toilet Preparations: Outfit free
to workers. Write Alfalfa, 800 Northwestern Bldg., Chicago.

 AGENTS—OUR SOAP AND TOILET ARTICLE PLAN
IS A WONDER. Get our Free Sample Case Offer. Ho-Ro-Co,
137 Locust, St. Louis, Mo.

  "BROWN BETTY,” A Delicious Spread for Children’s Bread.

More appetizing than butter at one-eighth the cost. One 35c can
" Brown Betty" makes ten glasses pure, wholesome, spicy mar-
malade "butter." Sample 25c; 100% profit. A big repeater.
White House Supply Company, 1003 Federal Life Bldg., Chicago.

  AGENTS: BIG PAY AND FREE AUTOMOBILE introducing
wonderful new gasoline saver, punctureproof, five year spark
plugs and other economical auto necessities. Outfit free.
L. Ballwey, Dept. 57, Louisville, Ky.

  INSYDETYRES—Inner Armor For Auto Tires. Doubles mileage,
prevents 90% of all punctures and blowouts. Thousands in use.
Tremendous demand. Big sales. Liberal profits. Details free.
American Automobile Accessories Co;, Dept. 165, Cincinnati, O.

 DO YOU WANT AGENTS AND SALESMEN

to sell your merchandise? Men and women who are educated
in personal salesmanship and know the house-to-house, office,
and store canvassing proposition. These advertisers are getting
them year in and year out, and there are thousands more for
you among the 5,000,000 readers of The Munsey Magazines. Our
Classified Service Bureau will gladly show you how to use this
section most profitably and at the least cost. Write to-day to the
Classified Manager, The Argosy Combination, 280 B'way, N. Y.

HELP WANTED

 BECOME DETECTIVES. EARN BIG MONEY.

Great demand everywhere. Experience unnecessary. We train
you. Excellent opportunities for travel. Write for full particulars.
American Detective System, 1968 Broadway, New York.

  AMERICAN CITIZENS, 18 TO 60, INCLUDING WOMEN,

investigate immediately your rights to government employment.
Let me sencj you Form RK 2001, for free advice. Earl Hopkins,
Washington, D. C.

  BE A DETECTIVE—EARN FROM $150.00 TO $300.00
PER MONTH. Travel over the world. Write C. T. Ludwig,
126 Westover Building, Kansas City, Mo.

 RAILWAY TRAFFIC INSPECTORS:

$ 110.00 A MONTH TO START and expenses. Travel if de-
sired. Unlimited advancement. No age limit. Three months
home study. Situation arranged. Prepare for permanent position.
Write for booklet CM 30. Standard Business Training Institute,
Buffalo, N. Y.

 BE A DETECTIVE — EARN $150.00 TO
$300.00 MONTHLY. Easy work; we show you; open to all;
experience unnecessary. Full particulars mailed to you. Write
Wagner, 186 East 79th Street, New York, Department 402.

  WANTED: HUNDREDS MEN, WOMEN, 18 up. United States
Government office and outside positions. $1100 year. Write for
list positions now open. Franklin Institute, Department K-l,
Rochester, N. Y.

 THOUSANDS MEN, WOMEN, GIRLS, BOYS NEEDED
FOR GOVERNMENT POSITIONS. Experience unnecessary.
List of openings free. Write, Ozment, 148, St. Louis, Mo.
He conducted examinations.

Classified Advertising Continued on Page 12.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

You can save money by wearing W. L. Douglas
shoes, the best known shoes in the world. Sold by 106
W. L. Douglas own stores and over 9000 shoe dealers.
W.L.Douglas name and the retail price stamped on the
bottom guarantees the best shoes in style, comfort and
service that can be produced for the price.

  Since 1883 W. L. Douglas name and the retail price has
  been stamped on the bottom of the shoes before they
  leave the factory. The stamped price is never changed;
  this protects the wearers against unreasonable profits
  and has saved them millions of dollars on their footwear.

  The stamped price is W. L. Douglas personal guarantee
  that the shoes are always worth the price paid for them.
  The prices are the same everywhere— they cost no more
  in San Francisco than they do in New York.

  W. L. Douglas $7.00 and $8.00 shoes are absolutely the
  best shoe values for the money in this country. They are
  the leaders everywhere. W. L. Douglas $9.00 and $ 10.00
  shoes are made throughout of the finest leather the mar-
  ket affords, with a style endorsed by the leaders of
  America’s fashion centers; they combine quality, style
  and comfort equal to other makes selling at higher prices.

  W. L. Douglas shoes are made by the highest paid, skilled
  shoemakers, under the direction and supervision of expe-
  rienced men, all working with an honest determination to
  make the best shoes for the price that money can buy.

Best In the World
$4.00 $4.50 $5.00

CAUTION

  Insist upon hav-
  ing W. L. Douglas
  shoes with his
  name and price
  stamped on the
  bottom.

If W. L. Douglas shoes
cannot be obtained in your
vicinity, order direct from
factory by mail, ParcelPost
charges prepaid. Write for
Illustrated Catalog showing
how to order by mail.

President W. L. DOUGLAS SHOE CO.
140 SPARK STREET,
BROCKTON - - MASS.

ilill

The stamped price
is W.L.Douglas
personal guarantee
that the shoes
always worth
e price paid
for them

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

The Boyville Suit—
Price, $12.85

Two-Style Knickerbocker Suit.
Can be worn as belt all
model or the new waist seam
style. Coat lined with good
quality mohair. Pants are full
lined. Sizes, 7 to 18 years. State
size. Shipping weight,
pounds. Your choice of four
patterns.

40A1—14-ounce wool cassimere.

Color, gray. Price.....$12.85

40A2—14-ounce wool cassimere.

Color, brown. Price..... 12.85

40A3—14-ounce wool cassimere.

Olive green. Price......12.85

40A4—14-ounce wool cassimere.

Blue with stripe. Price. 12.85

Boyville Full Lined Pants
to Match—Price, $3.85

Priced especially low. Order an
extra pair of pants with the suit.
Sizes, 7 to 18 years. State size. Ship-
ping weight, lJ4 pounds.

40A5—Pants to match Suit 40A1.

Price..................... $3.85

40A6—Pants to match Suit 40A2.

Price.................... 3.85

40A7—Pants to match Suit 40A3.

Price..................... 3.85

40A8—Pants to match Suit 40A4.

Price..................... 3.85

Boyville Cap to Match
—Price, 98c

One-Piece Top Winter Golf Style
Cap made of same material as suits.
Full lined. Stitched band. Long visor.
Cloth lined inside pulldown band.
Sizes, 6%, 6%, 6%,6% and 7. State size.
Average shipping weight, 9 ounces.

40A9 —Cap to match Suit 40A1.

Price..................... 98c

40A10—Cap to match Suit 40A2.

Price.................... 98c

40A11—Cap to match Suit 40A3.

Price..................... 98c

40A12—Cap to match Suit 40A4.

Price..................... 98c

“Boyville” Suit can be worn in two
ways—with belt or in the new
waist seam style.

  When ordering
  be sure to state
  number and
  size, and
  whether boy
  is large or
  small for his
  age.

If by parcel post add amount of postage according to weight and zone

      SEND ALL ORDERS DIRECT TO

Sears, Roebuck and Co., Chicago, Dallas, Seattle

In answering this advertisement it is ife sir able tlmt yon mention this magazine.
          ADVERTISING SECTION.

New Kind of Suit

Stylish-All Wool-$128-5

     BOYS are hard on clothes! Mothers know boys
     will play ball and leap frog, slide down cellar
     doors and banisters, vault fences and run foot
     races—and every jump and slide and strain tears and
     wears the fabric, pulls apart the seams, rips off but-
     tons. Heretofore, boys’ suits quickly went to pieces.
     You will find the remedy in such clothes as

  Boyville, a new kind of suit for your
boy, is designed to stand the strains. It is a
suit made of a specially woven all wool
fabric — a suit with new strength to with-
stand the wear and tear at more than twenty
points of strain.

  This new kind of suit is designed to save
you the trouble of sewing up seams, save
you from constantly sewing on buttons, sew-
ing up sleeve linings, tacking on belt loops
and endless patching and fixing.

 A New Standard of Value

  Boyville pockets are held permanently in
place by canvas stays. Seams are double
stitched and taped. Sleeve linings are back-
stitched to stand months of pulling and tug-
ging. Even the buttons are reamed so they
will not cut the thread.

  And you will have no more regrets that
your boy is not better dressed. Even in style
the Boyville is different. It is really two suits
in one.

  Never before has a boys’ suit been made
with such wear resisting materials and sold
for so little. Boyville sets a new standard of
values. The Boyville with its more than
twenty special features of strength, its specially
woven all wool cloth—costs only $12.85.

  Boyville clothes will look better and last
longer per dollar of expenditure than any
other clothes for boys.

 Backed by Our Guarantee

  Into every Boyville suit goes the resources
of one of America’s largest merchandising
institutions, now serving, in its 27th year,
about one-quarter of all the families in the
United States.

  There is no better illustration of the advan-
tage of dealing with Sears, Roebuck and Co.
than in the perfection of detail and value
found in Boyville clothes. Boyville suits,
as well as everything that Sears, Roebuck
and Co. sell, are backed by this guarantee of
satisfaction:

   The service $ou have a right to expect or your money returned

      SEND ALL ORDERS DIRECT TO

Sears, Roebuck and Co., Chicago, Dallas, Seattle

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

   00 EARNED BY YOUNG
   =ARTIST IN 2 DAYS

Conscientious, careful training by members of our
Faculty made this possible. If you like to draw,
you, too, should succeed—with the rtght training.

Earn $35, $50, $75 a Week and More

Become a Commercial Designer. The business
world pays big prices for good designs and illus-
trations. Develop a high-salaried ability in your spare
time by the “Federal” home-stndy method—a Course
highly endorsed, easy to learn and apply.

Write Today for “Your Future”

A book every ambitious young man and woman should
read—it will open your eyes. FREE for the asking.

F«deral School of Commercial Designing:

1212 Warner Bldg.	Minneapolis, Minn.

Wrestling Book FREE

 t

 [ Learn to be an expert wrestler. Know scientific wrestling.

 self-defense, and jiu-jitsu. Develop a splendid physique, ana
 I have perfect health. Join this popular school and learn by
 mail. The famous world’s champions—the marvelous

Frank Gotch and Farmer Burns

 offer you a wonderful opportunity. Wrestling: is easily and

 quickly learned at home by mail. Men and boys write now for
 ; splendid free book. Learn all the science and tricks. Be
 mpFCTi n\.Tr*I a®le handle big: men with ease. Accept this wonderful offer
 i# hs’aithI NOW. Send for free book today, stating your age.

 ---Fanner Burns School ef Wrestling, 1077 Ramge Bldg., Omaha, Neb.

m

Learn How to Write
Short Stories 2s «.*%<£

stories, photo-plays

 and feature articles. You can learn how to write at home in
 your spare time. Jack London said so. He and other great
 writers have endorsed our home study course.

Write lor free book	” “nd de~iu

 offer is limited. No obligations. Write today.

 Hoosler Institute, Short Story Dept. 1477,

Fort Wayne, Ind.

draining jor/Tuthorsliip

r

HoW to Write ,WhaHo Write,
find Where to sell.

                     Cultivate your mind. DeVelop
                     your literary gifts.Master the
                     art of sel^-eXpression.Make.
                     your spare time pi’ofitaMe.
                     Turnyour ideas into dollars.
                     .Courses in Short-Story Writ-)
                     jing, Versification, Journalism,
                     (Play-Writing, Photoplay
                     ^	* yVriting;/etc " taught person-

 Dr.Esenweiri' ,ally by Dr.'J. Berg Esenwein,
 for many years editor of Lippincott’s Magazine, and
 a staff of literary experts. Constructive criticisrit'
 Frank,, honest,, helpful. advice._/?ea/ teaching.

  One putfil has received over $5,000 for stories and articles
  Written mostly in spare time —play Work/* (ye calls it.
  Another pupil received oVer $1,000 before completing
  her first course.: Another, a busy Wife and rjiother, is
  averaging.over $75 a Week from photoplay Writing atone.

  There is no other'institution or agency doing so much for
  writers, young or old. The universities recognize this, for over
  one hundred members of the English faculties of higher institu*
  tions are studying in our Literary Department.. The editors
  recognize it. for they are constantly recommending our courses.

  We publish The Writer's Library. We also publish The Writer’s Monthly.

  especially valuable for its full reports of the literary. markct.ABcsi«$esjgur^teachii»*
  service.* wc.offer a manuscript criticism service./'

'150-page, illustrated catalogue: fr_e6*

                         Please address—f

 Z&eIforne Correspondence School

    Dep’t. «2 '	' ‘

 ESTABLISHED «97

 Springfield, Mass.

INCORPORATED 1904.

          BECOME A

Lawyer

'Stucty At Home. Legally trained men win high
tositions and big success in business and public life.
Greater opportunities now than ever. Be a leader.

Lawyers earn

$3,000 to $10,000 Annually

          •run any state. Money refunded according:
    to our Guarantee Bond if dissatisfied. Degree of
    LL.B. conferred. Thousands of successful stud-
    ents enrolled. Low cost, easy terms. Fourteen-
    volume Law Library free if you enroll now. Get
    our valuable 120-page "Law Guide” and "Evi-
    dence” books free. Send for them—TODAY.

  LASALLE extension university

Dept. 1032-L	Chicago

Does The Socket Chafe Your Stump?

If so, you are NOT wearing

 Buchstein’s Vulcanized

      piKgf which is soothing to
      A	TOnr stump, COOl,

                         ' neat, light,
                    walls not.
                    much thicker
                    than a silver
                    dollar, etrone-

 on easy payments to £
 people. Send for Catalog today.

 C. Buchstein Co., Dept C, 113 6th St, S. Minneapolis, Minn.

COPY THIS SKETCH

 and let me see what you can do with it.
 Many newspaper artists earning $30.00 to
 $125.00 or more per week were trained by
 my course of personal individual lessons
 by mail. PICTURE CHARTS make original draw-
 ing easy to learn. Send sketch of Uncle Sam with
 6c in stamps for sample Picture Chart, list of
 successful students, example* of their work
 and evidence of what YOU can accomplish.
 Please state your age.

 TheLandonSchool and Illustrating:

 1459 SCHOFIELD BLDG., CLEVELAND, OHIO

Wanted!

   Franklin Institute
   Bipl. K-98. Rochester, N. Y.

   Sms : — Send me at once,
   free of charge. Sample Fall

*1100 Vill /

 Fall Examinations Likely «°
 Everywhere Soon O

 Common education q

 sufficient.	/ yt

 LIFE JOB / AMr

 In ansicering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

- The Man Who Directs

La Salle Students
and Graduates

can now be found employed in the exec*
utive departments of practically all the
large railroads, business houses and
commercial organizations in the United
States. Many prominent business con-
cerns can be named in each of which 100
to 2,000 or more LaSalle students or
graduates from our several specialized
departments are employed in responsible
positions. For instance—

   Pennsylvania R.R. . . ,2102
American Telegraph
& Telephone Company

    U. S. Steel Corporations
    Baltimore & Ohio R. R..
    Armour & Company . .
    Chicago & N. W. Ry. . .
    Ford Motor Company .
    Swiftw& Company . .
    ’ 'Oil Company.

Standard C___________ . ____

Among the numerous firms and cor-
porations employing 60 to 100 or more
LaSalle students or graduates are the
following:

   Western Electric Company
   International Harvester Co,

   B. F. Goodrich Company
Wells Fargo Express Company
Goodyear Tire and Rubber Co.
and every important railroad company
in the United States.

More than 160,000 men in active busi-

Everywhere in business there is need for
' the man who knows Higher Accounting.
To meet the competitive conditions that exist
today, waste must he eliminated, accurate cost
systems must be installed, economies must be put
into effect and the management must have the whole
situation charted and shown in figures whenever wanted. The book-
keeper cannot do this. To analyze a business, a man must be to account-
ing what the highly trained lawyer is to the legal aspects of commerce.

Over 500,000 American concerns today need the services of

Expert Accountants. That shows where opportunity is. Write today for information
about the course in Higher Accounting given by the La Salle Extension University.

Learn Higher Accounting By Mail

Our staff of experts in the Science of Accounting will give you
their direct personal instruction by mail, guiding you step by step

until you have mastered this paying profession. You will study text books, lectures and
accounting methods prepared by authorities—men who are actually employed or retained
as expert advisers by leading industries. The underlying principles and the most modern
methods of Business Analysis and Organization, and the Principles of Accounting, Audit-
ing, Commercial Law and Scientific Manage-
ment all made clear. You will be given special
preparation for the C. P. A. examinations and
made ready to command a higher salary or to
enter business as a Consulting Accountant.

You can get all this in your spare time while
you hold your present position. How better
could you use your hours of leisure?

ness life, including a large number of
corporation officials, have been enrolled
and are reaping the benefits of LaSalle
training and service. Over 30,000 new
students now enroll annually. The Ia-
Salle organization consists of 800 people-
including a staff of 300 business experts,
professional men, text writers, special
lecture writers, instructors and assist-
ants. LaSalle students and graduates
occupying responsible positions can be
found throughout the entire English
speaking world.

    \

Free Consulting Service

    As a LaSalle student, you will also be
entitled to the free use of our Consult-
ing Service which gives you the privil-
ege of calling on our staff of experts in
any department at any time when you
need special help or counsel. LaSalle
Extension University is a clearing house
of business information and through its
many highly specialized departments is
organized ana equipped to render a
practical and distinctive service which
cannot be supplied by any other institn*
tion of similar character.

                                  Easy Terms

                                                        No large fees. No large sum to pay down.
                                                        This instruction is offered on a convenient
                                                        monthly payment plan. Our courses
                                                        are for the ambitious man no matter how
                                                        small his present income. Send the coupon
                                                        below for full, detailed information.

Mail The Coupon Today

Make the knowledge of these LaSalle experts yonrs. At least

  send tor information about this course which has helped so many men to rise quickly to
  positions of greater profit and prestige and which you can easily master by home study.

         No matter where you may be or what position you may hold, LaSalle Extension University
  can put you on the road to greater success. This has been proved by the record of its students and
  graduates. The information we will send will tell you just what knowledge you require to become
  proficient in Higher Accounting and how we will teach you in the shortest possible time. It will point
  out the possibilities that are wide open to the man who has the training demanded by large business
  organizations. We will also send valuable book "Ten Tears’ Promotion in One.’* Mail coupon now.

rLaSALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY)

               “The World’s Greatest Extension University’*

 I Dept, 1032-H	Chicago, Illinois

  Without cost or obligation on my part, please send me particulars
  regarding your Home Study Course of Training in Higher Account-

  Iing and your Consulting Service. Also a copy of your valuable
  book for ambitious men, “Ten Years’ Promotion In One.**

 Name.,

 .State..

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

ENGINEERS

ABE IN THE BIG
PAY CLASS

The Library of Toil Can get ilttO the big Engineers, As-

gnssf&i »%<■« ~is&2a

of the very things an	« * Salary need these great

engineer must know— YOUr OWH ll YOU books, written by the
will fit you to pass the take 30 Vatl- greatest authorities in the
engineer’s license exami- ta£e Of this profession. They will bring
nations and help you to step ODD Of111 you more usable informa-
up into the biggest kind of fJTfTlL tion in your spare time than
job, and it won’t cost you a cent 'Hn you can get in years of the old-
to use them for one whole week. liY time, learn-by-doing methods.

Construction and PART OF WHAT

IS/ Acces. CONTAIN

DON'T SEND
ANY HONEY

                  You can have these
books for 7 whole days
without sending one
penny. Just send us the coupon on the bottom of this
page today. All 7 volumes will come to you at once,
express collect, and you can have a whole week to
examine them and use as if they were your own—give
them every test you can think of and send them back
if you want to. If you want to keep the books just send
us $2.00. You can send the balance the same way—$2.00
each month until the special price of $21.80 is paid.

8ories—Boiler Practice—Steam Engines—Indicators—
Valve Gears—Locomotive Boilers and Engines—Air
Brakes—Steam Turbines—Gas and Oil Engines—
Gas Producers—Chemistry of Combustion—Heating
and Ventilating — Elevators — Refrigeration — Com-
pressed Air—Dynamo and Electric Machinery—Gene-
rators—Motors—Power Stations. 3300 pages; 2500 pic-
tures and diagrams. Hundreds of tables and formulas.

DON'T

DELAY

 Don’t let an-
 other day
 pass before
 you take ad-
 vantage of
 this offer.
 Sooner or
 later you will
 bump up<
 against some-
 thing where .
 you will have
 to know
 what’s what
 Give yourself
 the best of it
 and don’t take
 any chances.
 Sand coupon now.

Society

 Dwti S-167
 CHICAGO, U.S. A.

 Seven volumes, each 5% x 8% inches; 3300 pages; 2500
 illustrations, full page plates, diagrams, etc. Hundreds
 of tables and formulas. Flexibly bound in American
 Morocco and trimmed in gold. A handsome set of books.

    FREE
    SERVICE

            I With each set of these
            I books a year’s con-
            ' suiting membership
            F goes free. Regular
            price is $12. Send
            any of your prob-
            lems to our ex-
            perts, who will
            solve them
            free of any
            charge.

                    Amarlcan
              Technical
              Society
              Dept. S-167
              Chicago, U. S. A*

             Please send me the 7-vol'
  ume Cyclopedia of Engi-
  neering, shipping charges
  collect. I will send you $2.00
  in 7 days and $2.00 each
  month until the special price
  of $21.80 is paid, and you will
  send me a receipt showing the
  books are mine. If I decide not to
  buy I will return the books in 7 days.

 | Name.

 | Address.

^Ref

References.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

BE THE MAN WHO KNOWS!
-and Earn Bif Pay

       By our Method of Teaching, in your Spare Time at Home

 YOU CAN SOON BE A

TRAINED MAN

 1

«•»	' tlvctriaUJto^wxrinji

13ln 3v'Kt4j <& grouch S<V^el of lEa^SruirtiLj

 yy«r^wre»sTWljjHaP~

                YOUR DIPLOMA

   Electrical, Steam or Marine En-
gineer, or a Graduate in any of our
numerous other Practical Modern
Courses.

Business Today Demands Trained Men
■—you know that. Your success in life
depends upon how well you prepare for it. It’s a
question of knowing your subject! Big business is
looking, hunting, advertising—for big, trained men

to accept good positions at big pay; such men are scarce; but there are always too many of the other
kind. Which class are you going to be in? You want to study with a real school. The high
standing of the Joseph G. Branch School of Engineering may be indicated by the fact that

WE TRAINED OVER ONE THOUSAND MEN FOR
     GOVERNMENT MARINE SERVICE

   No matter what line of training you need, you will probably find exactly what you
want in the list of our courses below. Each course is practical and complete, yet
everything is written, illustrated and explained so clearly that anyone who can read can understand it.
Everything is made clear. You do not become involved in difficult technical matter which is of no

value and discourages the student, but you go right straight through from the start to the finish_and

then you’ve got it! You can’t fail if you will simply do your part, and follow our instructions.

  THE COURSE YOU WANT IS HERE

        COMPLETE, PRACTICAL CORRESPONDENCE COURSES IN

Electrical Engineering, Power Plant Accounting, Mechanical Refrigeration, /” “—^7—“ “ “
Mechanical Engineering, Marine Engineering, Drafting, Practical Mathematics, / . _

Stationary Engineering, Drawing and Designing, Ingenieria Electrica ///'"" “ “ “ “ “ “ “
Power Plant Engineering, Practical Chemistry,	(Spanish Course).	JOS. G. BRANCH

• v	' / N> SCHOOL OF ENGINEERING

Dept. A, 542 S. Dearborn

VALUABLE BOOKS FREE/^j

 Street, Chicago

    You may send me, free, full in-
 formation about your Special offer
 on course checked below:

We have published a Library of Valuable Business Books covering	/

each of the above courses, and we are furnishing a set free to each Av OI
enrolled student who answers this ad. These are all standard books, f vt

each by an authority on the subject. The books above may be f	.....Electrical Engineering......Drawing and Designing

worth many times the cost of the course. Here is the Library /	ggSJ	Matfite

that goes with the Electrical course :	y < V........power phm Engineering......hgenieria Elecirica

   Practical Electricity	The Electric Motor, 'Z*

        Alternating Currents Simplified,	f *

  Electric Wiring,	Practical Mathematics.	Name ...........................................

SEND IN THE COUPON NOW for full particulars about the	/ Address

course you are interested in.	f	...............................................

THE JOS. G. BRANCH SCHOOL OF ENGINEERING/ */ Ci*.........................•••••..................

Dept. A, 542 S. Dearborn St., Chicago, III. ' ** Present Position ...............................................

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
51-PieceDecorated

DINNER SET

This beautiful 61-piece Dinner Set sent absolutely at our risk—to use
on 30 days’ approval. If not satisfied return the set and we refund your
money and pay transportation both ways. Pattern derived from the
heavy gold treatment of King George period — a pattern which lends
an elegant effect to the table. It is rich in ap-
pearance, with a border of trellis roses setting
off the beautiful Colonial shape. Materials are
very durable, highly glazed and fired ;decoration
being placed on each piece before the final glaz-
ing is executed. Correct numberof pieces to
constitute a complete service for 6 persons.

There are 51 pieces in all, consisting of C ‘

9-in. Dinner Plates. 6—7-in. Pis Plates, 6—73i-in. Soup Plates. 6 Cups, 6 Saucers,
6—BX-in. Fruit Dishes, 6 Individual Butters, 1—10%-in. Meat Platter, 1—12%-in.
Meat Platter, 1 Sugar Bowl and Cover(2 pieces), 1 Creamer. 1 Salad or Jelly Dish.
1—8-in. Round Vegetable Dish, 1—8-in. Oval Vegetable Dish, 1 — 9-in. Round
Fruit Bowl. We guarantee safe' delivery, carefully packed. Shipped from
our Chicago warehouse. Shipping weight about 40 pounds. Order by No.
325BMA12. Price $11.88. Pay only $1.00 now. Balanc* $1.25 monthly.

Send the Coupon

This is a chance to snap up now, while the price is so low. No risk to you. ~ ■

Keep the Bet only if it is all you expect—and more. You must actually
see it to realize what a bargain it is—and, you know, you can always +
use a beautiful set of dishes. Try this for 30 days. See how elegant it is. /

FREE

Be sure to get this great catalog. Thousands of bar-
gains in furniture, carpets, rugs, silverware, jewelry, phono-
graphs, sewing machines, kitchenware, stoves, farm
equipment, etc.—all on easy credit terms. Send postal.

           FURNITURE & //
           CARPET CO. S

m Ac

3803Wentworth Ave.	/

Dept. 1971	Chicago y

Bargain - furniture

Cdl!cilO& / 3803 Wentworth Avenue
/

/

HARTMAN

& CARPET CO.

Dept. 1971 Chicago

      Enclosed is $1.00. Send the 61-piece Dinner Set No. 326BMA12. I
  am to have 30 days’ trial. If not satisfied will ship it back and you
  will refund my $1.00 and pay transportation both ways. If I keep it I
  will pay $1.25 per month until price $11.88 is paid.

HARTMAN

Occupation.........................................................................••••••••

Nearest Shipping Point.......................................................................

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY

VOL. CII

=>$$=

SATURDAY,

OCTOBER

4, 1919

Number 2

=T»

Henry Leverage

 Author of "Whispering Wires,” ”Micky McMasters,” "The White Cipher,” etc.

CHAPTER I.

D'

VILOS HOLBROOK.”

kID you ring, sir?”

 Vilos Holbrook poised his ciga-
 rette and regarded its glowing tip
 reflectively.

 “ No, I did not ring,” he said.

 “ Very well, sir.”

 “ Gallagher!”

 “Yes, sir.”

 “ Wait!”

 “ Waiting, sir.”

 “ Gallagher, how long have you been in
 my service?”

 “ Habout height months, sir, going on
 nine.”

 “ And in that time you have asked me
 about a mythical bell at least one hundred
 times.”

 “ Very sorry, sir. You see—”

 “ Gallagher!”

  “ Yes, sir.”

 ■“ Call up the Primrose Club and ask the
 secretary if Major Garrick is in the card-
 room.”

 “ Very well, sir.”

1	A-S	177

   Vilos leaned back from a library table
 and touched his shoulders against a wall.
 His head dropped into his hands after he
 had tossed his cigarette into a fireplace.
 He pressed his eyelids as he waited for the
 valet to return from the hall telephone.

   He lifted his glance finally. His was a
 Norman face — as clean-cut as a cameo.
 The nostrils were slender. The nose was
 slightly arched without being in the least
 Semetic. He might have been a cardinal’s
 secretary set down iff a cloister but for the
 fixed strength of a doer and never a dream-
 er which showed in his chin and the straight
 lines of his mouth.

   The valet returned and rustled the por-
 tieres.

   “ The secretary says, sir, ‘ ’e’s very
 sorry,’ sir, ‘ but the major just stepped hout
 —hout hinto the night,’ sir.”

   “ He said that, eh? Well, that was just
 like the major.”

    “ Yes, sir.”

   “ Gallagher! ”

   “ Yes, sir.”

   “ Did you ever happen to run across the
 heart of this town during your festive in-
178

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

tervals—which are as frequent, I presume,
as your purse allows? I believe they are
that frequent.”

  “ No, sir, I—”

  “ A place, Gallagher, where gentlemen
go to look for their wayward sons and the
sons go to search for erring fathers. A
place to vivisect and analyze.”

  “ Bless me, sir, hif I ’ave! As a gentle-
man’s gentleman, hit would be no place for
me!”

  “ Gallagher, I’m getting bored. I’ve an
income, but it’s small. I’ve this flat here,
and it’s too large. I want to discard elec-
trical engineering and take up Balzac. I
want to see life as it really is.”

  “ Beggin’ your pardon, sir, but the very
same thing ’appened to me Lud Stephney
hin Hengland. ’E said ’e wanted to put
new wine in an old bottle. ’E wasn’t ex-
actly tired of life, but ’e was a bit bored,
y’ know. ’E wasn’t a young man like you,
sir, even if your ’air is turnin’ a bit gray.
’E an’ me does the ’alls and Ratcliffe Road
an’ one or two places on the Surrey Side
of the river. ’E was a Liberal, ’e was. No
end of a swell, but a Liberal. An’ now,
sir, Lady Stephney is the same as whot
was once Evie Shannon of the Alhambra—
a very improper place, sir.”

  “ The heart of London Town, then—”
“ Hit ain’t St. Paul’s, sir. It’s some-
where else. For me Lud Stephney, it was
a music ’all.”

  “ And the heart of this town?”

  “ On a night like this, sir, I would say
the opera. The peoplg over here, beggin’
your pardon, sir, ’aven’t the families back
of them, sir, and one place his about like
another, sir.”

  “ Gallagher!”

   “ Yes, sir.”

  “ Where is the true heart of this city—
the place where people are natural? Where
they live an breathe and drink and die in
the good old way?”

  “ There’s thieves’ dens, sir, and there’s
’orrible dives—just the same as Seven Dials
and 'Whitechapel. Like as not there’s
plenty to see in those places,, sir. Partic-
ularly hif you know the right door to knock
hupon. Hit’s hall on knowin’ the right
door, sir.”

  “ What I want, Gallagher, is a cross-
road where the underworld meets the poli-
ticians, while the police watch on.”

   “ I ’ave it, sir! The jail!”

  Vilos showed an even row of well-shaped
teeth without smiling. He stared at the
valet with a quizzical frown. He brushed
back his hair from his forehead and rose
from the chair he had been sitting upon.

   “ Gallagher,” he said, “ as a servant you
are passable. As a wit you are immense!
The jail exactly fits my hypothetical ques-
tion, but I do not want to go to the jail.
I’ll have to break a law to do that. The
poor wretches in there are guilty of some
crime.”

  “ There’s more outside lookin’ hin than
there’s inside lookin’ hout, sir. At least
I’ve ’erd that, sir.”

   “ Very true, but the ones outside haven’t
been caught. I want to meet them before
they are caught. Can’t you suggest a place
of that kind?”

   “ A dance, sir.”

  “ Do you know of one?”

  “ Hi do, and beggin’ your pardon, sir,
for not mentioning hit sooner. There’s the
Cooks’ and ’Ousemaids’ Union at the An-
derson Music ’AH. Hit’s two bobs, with a
lady, sir.”

  “ Two bobs with a lady?”

   “ Two shillin’, sir! Beggin’ your pardon,
sir.”

   “ Gallagher, I can’t very well go to that.
You see I’m neither a cook nor a house-
maid. Suppose you call up the secretary
at the Primrose Club and ask him to tell
you what is going on at the music halls or
the West End. Tell him—”

  “ The West End, sir?”

  “Yes, the West End!”

  “ Oh, sir, hif that is what you want,
there’s a Students’ Ball there to-night! I
put the card on your table in the smoking-
room. Hit’s hunder the paper-cutter. Hit’s
a card with a chorus lady kickin’ an old
cove’s ’at hoff, sir. But you ain’t going to
that, sir? Hit isn’t respectable.”

  “ Sounds interesting,” said Vilos. “ I
think I shall go. If Colonel Bishop calls,
tell him that I am out for the evening.
Make him comfortable. The port is in the
decanter. There are some cigars in that
WHERE DEAD MEN WALK.

179

package I brought home this afternoon.
Place the colonel entirely at ease, but under
no circumstances tell him I went to the
West End.”

  “ Hi wouldn’t tell hanybody you’d go to
a place like that, sir.”

  “ It’s just what I want, Gallagher!
Quick, lay out my clothes and call a taxi.
You can wait till the colonel comes—then
you can go to the Housemaids’ and Cooks’
Union at the Anderson, if you still feel
inclined.”

  “That’s why I asked did you ring, sir.
Beggin’ your pardon, sir.”

CHAPTER II.

“ GIPSY CRAGEN.”

GIPSY CRAGEN was dancing at the
Three Students’ Ball. She held the
eyes of a thousand votaries of Bac-
chus. The hour was late. The night, from
art’s view-point, was early.

  Above the Gipsy, tier after tier of boxes
lifted. They were filled with bediamoned
women, champagne in silver buckets, and
solemn-looking ravens whose youthful faces
were said to be the oldest things in the
city.

  Fringing the gleaming, wax-polished
arena of the hall, other ravens phalanxed
to fan-fare or applaud the Gipsy who pi-
rouetted in their midst with light feet, dark-
blue eyes, and parted hair.

  As the toast of the evening she held
aloft a brimming glass of champagne. Her
round, brown arm, which might have been
chiseled by Praxiteles, swung in a slow cir-
cle and reflected a myriad rays of light
from the tinsel of her garish gown.

  It was her night and her hour. Her
olive-tinted face was lighted by a fire in-
ternal—an abandon and a blending of all
the passions. She was Salome reincarnated
to turn instead of take men’s heads.

  The witchery of wings was imparted to
her slender figure and her tapping, high-
heeled slippers. She glided, she poised, she
lifted with the side sweep of the muse.

  The ravens clapped their white-gloved
hands as she passed in stately measure.
She tantalizingly held the glass from them.

She stood finally in the center of the
hall and called in the clear voice of Pan:

  “The grape is such a trouble, don't you
     know;

It’s full of wit and bubbles, don’t you know.
You sip it and you’re dry,

You pour it and you sigh,

You drink it and you cry, don't you know.

  “ It makes you awfully bored, don't you
     know;

  And you’re glad when you are floored, don't
      you know.

For you only close one eye
When the others they will cry,

   You’re too full to drink, but you can buy,

         Don’t you know.”

  The Gipsy touched the rim of the glass
with her lips. The band struck up a French
march. The dancers linked and skirled
over the floor in the intoxication of wine,
music, and loud laughter.

  Goose-girls with Lucifers; Gretchens with
Alphonsos; airy Lillians and dark, Spanish
grandees; old men and young women;
roses that bloomed to bud again—all joined
in the kaleidoscope of riot and boisterous
color.

  The occupants in the upper boxes leaned
and hurled confetti and long ribbons of
bright paper. They twined the feet of the
dancers. The floor rocked with the mad-
dening march of six hundred couples. The
air was filled with perfume and scent from
shaken laces. Old boys succeeded in loop-
ing light love’s neck. Waiters hurried
throughout the throng. Their shrill cries
resembled reed-notes among Dervishes.

  Standing within the press of anxious ra-
vens, was Vilos Holbrook. He had heard
the Gipsy’s pagan toast. He had seen her
touch her lips to the glass. He had caught
her glance over a beaded rim.

  He took a step forward at that moment.
He thought better of this action. The girl
vanished. The band struck up Madeloti.

  He turned away from the Saragossa of
swirling forms and walked to a tinsel-
wrapped post where he again sought for a
second glimpse of the blue-eyed pagan who
had toasted wine and bubbles.

  His glance lifted to long rows of boxes.
Each was crammed with women with red
lips £nd men in dark garments. The tables
180

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

in these boxes were piled high with empty
champagne bottles.

  Dropping his glance he yawned and
pressed his gloved right hand to his mouth.
He decided to go down-stairs and look for
the bar.

  He descended a thronged staircase and
glanced around. A bovine individual whose
stout arms were laden with coats and cloaks
ran into him.

  It was Major Garrick of the Primrose
Club.

  “ Holbrook! By corks, it’s Vilos Hol-
brook!” said the major. “ ’Pon my word,
it is. Come, help me with these wraps.
I’m up-stairs with Gipsy Cragen and her
father. They’re my guests. She dances—”
Gipsy Cragen?” repeated Vilos. “ Was
she the one who gave the toast before they
played Madelon?”

  “ Sure, she was! Know her?”

  “ No. I’d like to.”

  “ How you down?”

  “ Taxi. I told the driver to wait.”

  “ We can use it. Take some of these
wraps and follow me. We’re a popular
bunch up-stairs. Join us in another bot-
tle. It’s here first and Elberta’s afterwards.
Know Elberta’s?”

  “ Can’t say that I do.”

  “ It’s a place down on Johnson Street.
Come on and I’ll show you some real life
in the raw.”

  Vilos took a portion of the major’s bur-
den on his own arm. He followed the nod-
ding, portly figure through the throng of
students and waiters.

  Airy, fairy forms in gossomer gowns
tugged at the major’s whiskers or struck
him on the back. He chuckled in broad
good- humor. He stopped once, shifted his
burden and helped drink a risque toast.

  Vilos was forced to admit that there was
no better cicerone than the major. His
good nature changed the entire evening.
The women seemed lovely. The lights
were brighter. The dancers on the rock-
ing floor had all the graces of Terpsichore.

  Mounting the broad staircase the two
men stood before the curtains of a box.
The major reached out and slyly parted
these curtains. He glanced inside, then
said:

  “ Ah, Gipsy! Gipsy, meet a frien’ of
mine—Mr. Holbrook. He came to the
West End for a little fun. He saw you
dancing. And—this is Mr. Cragen, Mr.
Holbrook.”

  Vilos touched the Gipsy’s fingers, bowed
over the table, and offered to shake hands
hands with a man who was crouched be-
hind a rampart of bottles like a soldier in
a trench.

  Cragen clasped finally, after an awk-
ward silence. He presented a grimy palm
in the grip of which Vilos winced. He was
a big man, in ill-fitting black clothes. A
great, livid scar ran from the lobe of his
right ear around and under a square-set
chin.

  Vilos sat down after the scrutiny. He
leaned toward the Gipsy’s bare right shoul-
der. He heard Cragen say to the major:
“ Mike was here. He got fresh with
the Gipsy. I don’t like him a damn bit
when he acts that way. He ain’t got any.
business making eyes at my girl! ”

  “ Easy,” whispered the major. “ Go
easy. I’ll see Mike Dugan. He hasn’t
anything on us.”

  “ I’m not so sure of that.”

  “I am! Buck up! Get in the party
and we’ll wait till he comes.”

  Vilos noticed that the major had raised
his voice. Part of the conversation might
have been directed for the Gipsy’s benefit.
The two men started drinking.

  Leaning further forward, and resting one
hand on the rail of the box without being
in the least familiar, Vilos studied the
Gipsy’s three-quarter profile.

  No single regularity marred her fea-
tures. Her mouth was full-formed, heavy,
warm. Her teeth were small. There was
the suggestion of a past sorrow in the tiny
lines which spread from her lower lip.

  He glanced at the dancers and then
moved nearer her chair. She turned under
his scrutiny. She flashed him a smile which
rippled through the dark blue of her eyes
like golden sunlight.

  Vilos lowered his stare and studied her
wrists and fingers. All were slender—ele-
gant. Over-colored jewels crusted her
bracelets and rings. They were not gen-
uine. Their barbaric shapes reminded him
WHERE DEAD MEN WALK.

181

of a pagan goddess or an empress to Aleric
at the sacking of Rome.

  He made a mental note and drew a con-
trast. The Gipsy was far and above her
worthy parent who had been so solicitous
as to her welfare in the matter of one
Dugan.

  Turning, with his eyes still lowered, Vi-
los glanced at the bottles on the table and
then up into the major’s ruddy face. Gar-
rick stopped whispering to Gragen and
sprang to his feet. He dashed the curtain
aside and succeeded in catching the eye of
a passing waiter.

  “ Bring a magnum of sec I” he ordered.
“ Have it colder than that last bottle.
Quick, now, my good fellow!”

  Vilos twisted in his chair, leaned his
elbows on the table and peered over the
Gipsy’s shoulder toward the rocking floor
whereon were the swirling dancers.

  “ Do you want to go down?” he asked.
She turned and smiled. “ No, Mr. Hol-
brook. I promised this dance to some one
else. I didn’t want to give it to him, so
I’ll have to stay here. You don’t mind?”
“ Not at all. I’d like to talk with you,
some time.”

  “ Some day you may come up to our
flat. Father and I live alone. I keep
house.”

  The Gipsy spread out her hands. She
laid her fingers upon the table. The mag-
num arrived. The waiter drew the cork
with a towel and arranged clean glasses.

  Vilos lifted his glass and touched the
brim.

  “ Some night! ” bleated the major.
“ Everybody and their skeletons are out.
This is what Mike Dugan would call a
reunion and a renunciation.”

  “ Who is Mike Dugan?” Vilos asked.

  “ Mike’s the whole show. He’s the
power behind the throne. He’s got all
the political graft. He don’t drink. He’s
said to own three saloons. He’ll be over in
a few minutes. He likes the Gipsy.”

  Vilos -leaned back from the table. He
stared at the girl’s hair. Her head dropped
slightly. She moved her chair to the edge
of the box. She glanced down at the
dancers. A step sounded near. The cur-
tains were swept aside. A man strode in.

  Mike Dugan loomed crude and impos-
ing with a triple-chin, a terrible jaw, and
slate-gray eyes. He swept the box com-
prehensively. He moved a chair and sat
between the Gipsy and Vilos.

  “/Hello, everybody!” he said. “Hello,
Gipsy! What, not drinking?”

  The major rose.

  “ This is Mr. Holbrook,” he said. “ Meet
Mr. Holbrook, Mr. Dugan. He and I play
bridge at the Primrose. He dropped in
for a fling of night life.”

  Dugan turned and laid a hand on Vi-
los’s knee.

  “ Glad to know you. Friend of the
major’s is a friend of mine.”

  Vilos moved his knee and twisted in the
chair.

  “ Know any of these people?” asked the
politician.

  Vilos followed the hand which was lifted
from his knee and thrust in the direction
of the opposite boxes and the dancers.

  “ I can’t say that I do.”

  “ It’s just as well you don’t. Of course
there’s a few exceptions, but many of them
are deep-sea men and con men and crooks.
Few of them work.”

  “That’s right!” exclaimed the major.
They’re a study. Half of our literature is
woven around crime and the consequences
of crime. I came very near being robbed
in Chicago, once.”

  Vilos leaned behind Dugan and said to
the Gipsy:

  “ They’re starting another dance.”

  She glanced knowingly at Mike Dugan.
The big boss shelved down his brows and
coughed behind a hairy hand. He crossed
his legs and uncrossed them. He reached
out and wound his fingers around the stem
of a champagne glass.

  “ Go on!” he said.

  She rose and* took Vilos’s arm as he
hastily got out of his chair. A minute
later he‘caught the fragrance of a warm,
close head on his shoulder. He felt a sup-
ple body sway and move with his own.
They reached a position far from the box
where Dugan leaned with pasty face show-
ing white against the tinseled curtain.

  “ You must leave me,” she said. “ Get
your coat and go home. Don’t associate
182

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

with Major Garrick. Keep away from
him! ”

  “ Why, I’ve known him for years!”

  “ He lives two lives. You should not
associate with him.”

  “ But, I can see you? Let me have your
address before I go.”

  She gripped his arm. Her hair brushed
his ear.

  “ It’s in the telephone book. Call me
up some time. Take me back. Make your
excuses. This is no place for you.”

  “ But you?”

  “ I’m different! I was brought up this
way. I’ve never known any other life.”

  Vilos was silent until he had seated the
Gipsy in her old chair. He stepped from
her and pulled out his watch. He stared
at Major Garrick.

  “ I’m going,” he said. “ I had a corking
time. Good-by, Mr. Dugan and Mr. Cra-
gen. Good-by, Miss Cragen.”

  “ Good-by,” said the Gipsy without
turning.

  Vilos paused between the curtains. He
glanced across the table. The gross, red
hand of Mike Dugan was reaching the
magnum toward the Gipsy. Sparkling
liquid filled her glass to the brim. A smile
passed between Major Garrick and the
boss. The father frowned and made a
protest. Mike Dugan finished pouring the
wine in the other glasses. He set the mag-
num down and torched the Gipsy on her
bare shoulder.

  “Drink up!” exclaimed Garrick.

  Vilos let the curtains swing. He went
down-stairs, where he secured his hat and
coat. After a wait he found his taxi.

  The ride up-town to his apartment was
not a long one. It occurred to him that
he had been rude in the manner of getting
away from the box-party. Vague state-
ments concerning the genial major flooded
over him. The man might be a rogue after
all.

  He dismissed the taxi and woke the ele-
vator-boy. He was lifted to the eighth
floor.

  Entering his own private hallway he saw
a light burning in the library. He opened
his coat and stepped in through the por-
tieres.

  An empty decanter and the butts of three
cigars were upon a table near the fireplace.

  The air of the close room reeked from
port wine.

  Vilos called for Gallagher. He received
no response. He strode back through the
curtains and softly opened the door of a
spare room adjoining his own chamber.

  A polished stick, a fur overcoat, and a
badly soiled hat lay upon the dresser.
Clothes were scattered about the room.
The faint light from the air-shaft revealed
a ruddy face and a long, red nose pressed
within the cove of a white pillow.

  “Hello, Uncle Bishop!” said Vilos.
“Hello! Hello!”

  The old guardian did not move. He
breathed with slow intakes. His face
seemed strained and puffed. There were
pouches under his eyes that Vilos had not
seen there before.

  Softly closing the door, Vilos went to
the hall-tree and hung up his coat and hat.
He glanced at his watch. He yawned and
pressed his hand over his mouth.

  It was time for all honest people to be
in bed. He went the rounds of the apart-
ment, opened the library window, and then
undressed beside a narrow brass bedstead.

  His drowsing thoughts were on the party
and the Gipsy. She seemed to have the
grace of a professional dancer. He won-
dered if the wine he had drunk had not
warped his judgment. Perhaps, after all,
she would not be so charming in the cold
light of day.

  He sank into sleep with his mind vain-
ly trying to fathom the reason for Colonel
Bishop’s alcoholic condition. A cataclysm
of some kind might have happened in the
old man’s affairs. He was the sole trustee
of the Holbrook fortune. This fortune,
although not large, was Vilos’s sole de-
pendence.

CHAPTER III.

“ A VANISHED FORTUNE.”

VILOS awoke with the dawn creeping
down the air-shaft.

He yawned, then threw the cov-
erlet off his bed and sat erect. He dropped
WHERE DEAD MEN WALK.

183

his head in his hands. He reviewed the
events of the night which had passed.

  Jerking his chin upward he stared around
the room. The neat arrangement of his
clothes and the cuff-links and cigarette-
case on the stand showed that he had gone
to bed fairly sober.

  He sprang from the bed and stepped
into a bath-room. He lathed himself under
the flow of icy water. He rubbed-down
with a coarse towel and started dressing
himself.

  He wondered if the valet had come back
from the Cooks’ and Housemaids’ Ball.
He thrust his arms through the sleeves of
a lounging robe and started through the
hallway in the direction of the library.

  Parting the portieres, he saw the evi-
dence that Gallagher had returned to the
apartment. The decanter and the cigar
butts had been removed. A cheery fire
burned in the porcelain grate. The table
had been polished and the rugs swept clean
of cigar ashes. There were sounds from
the direction of the kitchenette that de-
noted preparations for breakfast. The
dumb-waiter’s door opened and then was
slammed shut. Ice was thrust into the box.
A milk-bottle clicked against another.

  Vilos pressed a button on the wall near
the fireplace.

  Gallagher appeared.

  “ Morning, sir,” said the alert valet.

  “ Good morning. You enjoyed yourself,
I suppose?”

  “ Yes, sir! I ’ad a good time, sir.”

  “ What hour did Colonel Bishop ar-
rive?”

  “ Hit was about eleven o’clock, sir. I
waited for ’im. I told ’im to make ’imself
at ’ome. ’E was a bit tired, sir. Yes, sir,
’e was a bit tired.”

  “ Did he say anything?”

  “ ’E did not, sir. ’E sat down in the
big chair, there, and started drinking. ’E’d
been ’aving an awful time with ’is ’ead,
by the way ’e acted, sir.”
falos glanced at the windows. He
heard the rattle of the ash carts and the
early morning traffic. It was the first
movement of a city turning over, awaken-
ing and rising. -

  “ You may bring the coffee and rolls,”

he said. “ Serve them in here. Don’t go
to the colonel’s room until I tell you.”

  The valet disappeared in the direction
of the kitchen. Vilos glanced around the
library. He allowed his eyes to swing
from the bookcases to the ornaments in
the glass cabinets. He studied each face
of the pictures on the wall. They were
his ancestors who had helped settle Mis-
souri and Kentucky.

  The coffee and rolls, with a small ome-
let, were brought in as he stood beneath his
father’s portrait. He turned and sat down
when the valet drew up a chair before a
small table near a window. -

  Finishing the meal, he rose, bunched
his napkin, lighted a cigarette, and started
for the hall-room where the colonel slept.
There was a small, silk-shaded pilot-light
glowing in the foyer entrance near the bed-
room.

  The door to this room was closed. Vilos
pressed it open and stepped inside. The
morning light streamed through a narrow
window and brought oflt the details of the
colonel’s features.

  The guardian of the Holbrook fortune
had never been rated a handsome man.
He appeared like a wreck on a pale shore.
His nose was pressed deep within a fold
of the pillow. His tiny, spiked beard and
mustache was yellow-tinted and somewhat
awry.

  There was a stale odor in the room of
alcohol and wine. Vilos stepped to the
window and threw up the sash. He wait-
ed for the crisp, fresh air to awaken the
colonel.

  A slight movement under the covers was
followed by a wide yawn. A choaking
sounded. The old man hinged erect and
stared about the room.

  “ Wake up!” said Vilos. “ Get up and
take a shower, colonel. What in thunder
happened to you test night?”

  “ Last night? Good God, last night,
yesterday!”

  “ Come on. Get up! ”

  Colonel Bishop closed his pouch-hung
eyes. He opened them to narrow, burning
slits. *

  “ That you, Vilos?” he asked.

  “ Yes! It’s me.”

\
184

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ I need a bracer, boy. A tumbler of
whisky. Something has happened to me.
It’s unbelievable! It concerns the fortune
your dear father left to me in trust for
you.”

  Vilos stared at the old man.

  “ Get up from that bed!” he command-
ed. “ Get up and explain what you just
said. Have you been speculating?”

  Vilos crammed his hands into the pock-
ets of his lounging-robe and braced him-
self.

  “ All your money and all my money is
gone,” said the colonel as he swung his
legs from under the coverlet and sat on
the edge of the bed. “ It’s gone, boy.”

  “ What do you mean?”

  Colonel Bishop passed his hand over
his eyes.

  “Oh, dear! Oh, dear!” he said. “I
wish I had a drink! ”

  Vilos frowned. “ See here,” he said,
“you must explain yourself! I can’t take
your word that all of my money is gone.
How did it go? What have got to show
for it?”

  The aged guardian rose and held him-
self erect by grasping the brass rail at the
foot of the bed. He stared about the un-
familiar surroundings. He dropped his
eyes to his spatted shoes under a chair. He
raised his glance and steadied it upon
Vilos.

  “ I met a stranger,” he said slowly.
“ His name was Robert Bowdich. He
seemed very pleasant.”

  “ How long ago was this?”

  “ Three months ago. I invited him to
my club. He was at a Red Cross dinner
when I met him. He came down to my
office soon afterward and we went out to
lunch together. He had an automobile.
At least, I suppose it was his.”

  “ Go on! Go on! ”

  “ We got acquainted. He knew some
people that I did. He told me one day
that he was looking for an engineer who
had come on from Utah. This engineer
had been given considerable stock for ser-
vices rendered to the Small Hopes Mining
and Milling Co. He made some kind of a
report for the company.”

  “ Are you sure it was the Small Hopes?”

  “ It was the Small Hopes of Utah, that
I investigated. It was all right. The
brokers offered to buy it in at two dollars
a share.”

  “ And you invested all my money in
Small Hopes of Utah?”

 “No!”

  “What did you do? Be clear!”

  Colonel Bishop reached and lifted his
trousers. He drew these on as he swayed
back and forth. He glanced about for his
shoes.

  “ Come, now,” said Vilos, “ I want to
hear more of what happened.”

  “ I bought the stock from the sick en-
gineer. He was living at the Hotel Ald-
wich. I happened to meet him accidently.
He had his daughter with him. They sold
the stock for a dollar a share. Ninety
thousand shares of it. I held it for a few
days and then went down to the brokers.
They told me—they told me there that I
had Small Hopes stock of Arizona instead
of Utah. The certificates looked the same.”
“ And Small Hopes of Arizona?”

  “ Isn’t worth more than three cents a
share. I was swindled!”

  Vilos crammed his hands into the side
pockets of his lounging-robe and paced
the floor of the tiny room. He wheeled
upon the old man and grasped him by the
shoulder.

  “It served you right!” he exclaimed.
“ But I don’t see why you used my money.
You tried to rob a mythical engineer, with
a mythical daughter, I suppose. You fell
in with a shrewd gang. What do you think
father would say if he were living?”
Colortel Bishop had no answer for this
question. He succeeded in getting into his
clothes. He attempted to brush his hair
and comb his mustache by aid of the half-
light in the room. He turned with a weak
effort to hold himself erect.

  “ You’ve notified the police?” asked
Vilos.

  “Yes! I talked with two detectives.aI
didn’t tell them I had lost your money. I
thought maybe they might arrest me if I
did.”

  “ They might have. This is an awkward
situation for me, sir.”

  Colonel Bishop reached upward and
f

WHERE DEAD MEN WALK.

185

clutched Vilos’s hand. “ You’ll have to
forgive me, boy,” he said. “ I’m not my-
self this morning. I think one drink would
steady my nerves. Then we can talk things
over.”

  Vilos led the way into the library. He
rang the bell for Gallagher. To the valet
he said:

  “ Bring a small drink of Bourbon for
Colonel Bishop. After that bring in some
strong coffee and an omelet and some grape-
fruit.”

  The aged guardian of the family sat
down heavily and reached his hand toward
the fireplace. He dropped his face in his
palms.

  Vilos strode over the rugs. He came
back and stared at the colonel. There was
little pity in his straightforward glance.

  “ Have you got the stock?” he asked.

   " I left it with a detective.”

  “ What did the man look like who first
got you into this thing?”

  “ He looked like a prosperous merchant.
He had been to Utah. He told me that the
mine was very rich. It was—but the sick
engineer sold me the wrong shares.”

  “ It’s a new game. You tried to double
your money and mine by tricking an ap-
parently sick man. Who was this man?
Who was his daughter?”

  “ The man’s name at the Hotel Aldwich
was Findelason. His daughter’s name was
Clarice. She was his nurse. I really
thought the engineer was dying.”

  Vilos brushed back his prematurely gray
hair and bunched his fists. A sickening
languor crept up his frame. He steadied
himself with an effort.

  “ Was that the reason you tried to buy
his stock cheaply?”

  The colonel winced. He raised his head
and dragged at the points of his mustache.
He turned as Gallagher came into the
library with a tray upon which was a single
glass of whisky and a small chaser.

  Gulping the drink in one swallow, he
braced back his shoulders and handed the
servant the empty glass.

  “ Water, sir?” asked the valet.

  “ No, no! Take it away!”

  Vilos frowned.

  “ Boy,” said the colonel, “ I’ve been

through hell! I went to Atlantic City with
Robert Bowdich. That was right after I
bought the stock from the engineer. I sup-
pose I was lured away so that they could
cash my checks. I drank more than I
ought to. Bowdich insisted on my being
his guest. I realize the reason now.”

  “ Did the detectives recognize any of the
men from descriptions?”

  “ No! They said it was the work of an
organized gang. It seems that other people
have been fleeced by the same group of
swindlers.”

  Vilos stepped aside as the valet appeared
with the omelet, coffee, and grape-fruit on a
tray.

  “ I’ll telephone detective headquarters,”
he said.

  Colonel Bishop fumbled with a white
napkin. “ You’re not going to tell them
that it was your money I used?”

  “ No! I’ll just tell them to send up
their best detective. There must be some
way to ran down this gang. Why, they’ve
ruined us!”

  The old man lifted a spoon and listened
as Vilos raised the hook of the telephone
and asked for police headquarters. The
curtain between the library and the hall did
not muffle the sound.

  Vilos came back to the library.

  “ They’re sending a man up,” he said.
“ He’s the same man you turned the stock
over to. Sweeney is his name.”

  “ Yes, that’s the one. He’s red headed,
and I think he’s looking out for himself.
He intimated that he might do something
for me if it was worth his while.”

  Vilos suddenly thought of Major Gar-
rick.

  “ I got tl;o man!” he exclaimed. “ Gar-
rick knows most of the people who live by
their wits in this town. I’ll send for him
and have the two men meet. Perhaps the
major can suggest who robbed you. I don’t
believe that there are many men who would
answer the description you can give of
Bowdich. Perhaps the major will know.”
It was a half-hour later when the detec-
tive from police headquarters arrived. He
was shown to the library door by Gallagher.

  “ How about Major Garrick?” asked
Vilos.
186

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Gallagher shook his head as he stepped
into the room.	v

  “ Sorry, sir,” he said; “ but the major
’as a very important appointment. ’E said
’e would come any other time, sir. ’E says
’e’s with a banker friend of ’is, sir. They’re
breakfasting at the club.”

  “ Did you tell him that Colonel Bishop
was swindled?”

  “ Hi did, sir. ’E seemed very much sur-
prised. ’E said that ’e would like to see
you in private about the matter.” Gal-
lagher glanced at the colonel as if the major
had said more over the phone than could
be repeated.

  “ That ’11 do,” said Vilos turning toward
Sweeney. “ Come in,” he added. “ I
thought insomuch as I was concerned in the
swindle, or my entire fortune was, that I
had better have an understanding with you.
I want you to get those swindlers and
bring them to justice. What right had they
to escape so easily? What has the detec-
tive department done in the matter?”

  “ Say!” exclaimed the detective. “ Say,
young fellow, I don’t know who you are,
and I don’t care. This man here comes to
us with a long tale of gettin’ trimmed by a
beautiful nurse, a sick engineer, and an old
boy with pink whiskers. Now, that might
all be true. We looked up the Hotel Ald-
wich’s register. The man and nurse, or
daughter, have gone. The Atlantic City
police wired that Bowdich was there. He
paid his bill and left. That’s all we have
got to go on. What do you expect us to do
with that information?”

  “ You have the stock!” said Vilos hotly.
“ You can find out where the checks were
cashed.”

  “ The stock can be bov.c.’ •' from any
curb-stone broker for two C...LJ a share.
There were three million shares issued of
Small Hopes of Arizona.”

  “ Then the checks?”

  “ The checks were indorsed on the back
by Colonel Bishop. All the crooks did was
to present them and walk away with the
money.”

  Vilos turned toward the colonel.

  “ Did you indorse them?”

  “ I think I did. I was drinking, and
didn’t remember.”

  “ How did it happen that you had all
that cash in one bank?”

  “ I sold the mortgages and bonds so that
I would be ready with the cash in case the
engineer would part with his shares.”
Sweeney grinned and threw down both
hands.

  “Hell!” he exclaimed. “There’s one
like the colonel bom every minute. You
haven’t got a chance to get that money
back. I bet it went twenty ways. Those
mobs are made up of all kinds of actors.”

  “ What would you advise, then?” asked
Vilos.

  “ Forget it!”

  “ I’ll see the commissioner first! You
people are supposed to protect the public.”
“ The public be—”

  Vilos glanced at the detective. He ap-
peared to be a very assured individual, who
had gained his experience in a city where
competition is keenest. His eyes had al-
ready taken in the details of the apartment.
He had mentally weighed and appraised
every piece of furniture and bric-a-brac.

  The colonel rose from the table where he
had been eating and advanced toward
Sweeney.

  “ You’d help an old man out?” he asked.
“ That money was placed with me in trust
by my dearest friend. This boy hasn’t a
cent left in the world.”

  Sweeney glanced at Vilos’s gray-sprinkled
head. “ He looks as if he can take
care of himself,” he said. “ I’ll give you
some good advice. It may lead to the re-
covery of some of the money. Offer a big
reward. The reward will be conditional on
you getting back some of the stolen cash.
Then we can all get busy.”

  “ Won’t the detectives work without a
reward?” asked Vilos.

  “ Sure they’ll work! We’re working all
the time. But a personal ad in a paper has
done wonders in cases like this. Suppose
the mob fall out? Suppose there’s a
squealer in the bunch? Suppose somebody
in the gang figures they didn’t get a big
enough bit out of the swag?”

  “ Yes, well offer a reward,” said Colonel
Bishop.

  “ Now you’re talking,” said Sweeney.
“ How much?”
WHERE DEAD MEN WALK.

187

  “ Five thousand,” suggested Vilos.

  “ Better make it ten,”

  “ We’ll consult on the matter when you
are gone.”

  Sweeney drew down his hat and turned
toward the curtains. He hesitated for a
brief second.

  “ I’ll give you another good tip,” he said
as his eyes ranged over the hall and the
portieres. “ This is a sure-fire one.”

  “ And what is it?” asked Vilos, leaning
toward the detective.

  “ Let the colonel stroll around the caba-
ret and sporting section of town. Have
him watch everybody. I’ll hand in my
badge if he don’t see one of the gang that
trimmed him in that time. They can’t keep
away from this city.”

  Sweeney nodded his head. He stepped
through the curtains and let them fall.

  “ Show him out,” said Vilos to Gal-
lagher. “ His last suggestion was a good
one. We’ll remember it, Sweeney.”

  “ It never failed,” chuckled the detec-
tive.

CHAPTER IV.

“ THE FINGER OF GUILT.”

COLONEL BISHOP left the flat at
3 p.m. He had sobered up and pre-
sented a respectable exterior to the
world he was about to face.

  Sweeney’s suggestion concerning laying
in wait for the men who had stolen the
fortune was worth adopting. Vilos had
telephoned a lawyer who promised to use
whatever influence he could in the matter
of rounding up the swindlers.

  Night’s shades came down the air-shaft
and through the windows before Vilos had
gained complete control of himself. The
colonel’s repeated statements concerning
the robbery furnished scant clues to work
upon. The band of swindlers had prob-
ably scattered over the country. There
was the first chance that one of their num-
ber might stroll through the cabaret dis-
trict. In this event the colonel would be
on hand to notify the detective department.

  Vilos made an inventory of his assets.
They were scant enough. The money

which the colonel held in trust had van-
ished. There was a small bank account of
a few hundred dollars and the furnishings
of the flat to fall back upon.

  He studied these furnishings and grew
blue with the thought of parting from the
old things which had really made life worth
while. The bay of the front room con-
tained the heterogeneous luxuries of the
Orient. He had traveled over the old
routes, and had gathered numerous things
which matched his tastes and inclinations.

  The rugs had been bought at Agua and
Benares. There was one from Daghestan.
The portieres and curtains had enriched a
peer’s yacht, who had been sold out at
Christie’s in London. Five paintings by
Gerome and Scherer represented scenes
from the desert. Odd objects of ivory and
white jade were scattered about the front
room and the library. There was an onyx
paper-cutter on a mound of envelopes.
There was a dragon carved from a tusk.
Over the bookcase ran a row of tankards—
like German soldiers—fat and thirsty.
Around about, on tables and stands, were
limp-leather portfolios filled with music and
poems.

  Vilos knew that many of these objects
would not bring their worth at auction.
He called Gallagher and instructed him to
pack everything portable inside of three
days. The books and personal objects were
to go in boxes. The whole apartment was
to be made ready for the ruthless hand of
an auctioneer.

  Gallagher stared at his master and
gulped. He brushed a genuine tear from
his eye. He went back to the kitchen and
pulled a cork from a bottle. He sat down
and forget the cares of this life in an alco-
holic dream that lasted out the night.

  Vilos stopped wandering about the
apartment—stopped fingering objects that
had taken him so many years to accumu-
late. He squared his somewhat narrow
shoulders and glided through to the front
windows. He glanced out.

  The night view was of the best. A shim- •
mering road ran below him, streaked with
auto lights and a long line of flaming arcs.

A belt of green marked a park which
sloped like an emerald field down to the
188

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

 river. North, over the house-tops, a monu-
 ment loomed in white purity. South,
 towered row on row of apartment buildings
 with turrets and towers clear-cut against
 the velvet of the night sky.

   He turned away. He glanced helplessly
 toward the narrow vista of the apartment.
 A few silk-shaded lights were lit. He
 studied these. His eyes dropped to the
 rugs. They swung along the line of book-
 cases and the morocco-bound volumes.

   He crammed his hands in the pockets of
 his lounging robe and strode to his room.

    There he dressed carefully in a dark suit.
 He found an overcoat on the hall-tree.
 Putting this on and selecting a soft hat, he
 went out and down the elevator.

   Major Garrick was in the Primrose Club
 when he entered, after a long walk down-
 town.

   “Hello!” said the beaming major over
 his shoulder as he folded up the cards he
 held and indicated that he would pass the
 hand. “ Hello, Holbrook!. Sorry I wasn’t
 able to come over when your man called.
 What’s that he was telling me about Colonel
 Bishop? Nothing serious, I hope.'’

    “ I’d like to see you,” said Vilos.

    “ I can’t very well leave the game now.
 Suppose you wait in the reading-room?”

   Vilos nodded, bowed to the men about
 the table, and made his way to the reading-
 room. He sat down and looked over the
 current magazines. He glanced at his
 watch now and then. Eleven o’clock
 chimed in the little gold time-piece over the
 mantle.

   A thought struck him that he no longer
 heard voices from the direction of the card-
 room. He rose and glanced through the
 , doorway. The swift blood surged through
 his veins. Major Garrick, a lifelong friend,
 had hastened from the club, and had avoid-
 ed the appointment.

    Vilos took the matter as an indication of
 other insults to follow. The major had
 heard, or surmised, that his fortune had
 been lost. Other men would shun him for

*	the same reason.

    Striding swiftly from the club, he spent
 the evening wandering through the park.
 He finally crossed the town and entered a
 hotel near his apartment.

  The bartender nodded and passed out
the old bottle of private-stock. Vilos
glanced at it and took a stiff drink. He
tossed down the exact change and went out.

  His thoughts cleared, There was little
to do save to sell the contents of the flat,
pack the rest away, send Gallagher off with
good references, and then seek more modest
lodgings in a cheaper quarter.

  It was possible that the detective depart-
ment would run down the swindlers. It
was hardly possible, however, that they
would succeed in getting back much of the
money. As Sweeney had said, it had prob-
ably gone many ways.

  Vilos went home and to bed. He woke
refreshed from a deep, twelve-hour sleep.
He found Gallagher in the midst of pack-
ing. He passed the morning making ar-
rangements with moving people, storage
warehouses, and an auctioneer, who prom-
ised to send an appraiser up as soon as one
came in.

  Leaving everything to Gallagher’s judg-
ment, Vilos dressed and started out. The
thought had gripped him that there might
be something gained by paying a visit to
the Gipsy. She had intimated that she
knew more of the major than she dared
repeat. She had a speaking acquaintance
with many of the members of the flash
underworld. She might know who had
robbed Colonel Bishop of the money.

  He entered a telephone-booth. He found
her address by deduction. There were
three Cragens in the book. One was a
merchant, one was an auto dealer, the
other’s address was given as on the east
side of the town.

  Vilos took a street-car and finished the
journey on foot. He found the address,
which was an ancient, brown-stone tene-
ment.

  It was commonly known in the city as
a “ walk-up.” He searched the mail-boxes
and found one marked “ Cragen.”

  Climbing three flights of gas-illuminated
stairs, he came to a fourth landing, upon
which were two doors. He knocked at one,
then tried the other. A silence was fol-
lowed by footsteps. A key turned. The
Gipsy appeared. She stared through the
half-opened door at Vilos.
WHERE DEAD MEN WALK.

189

 “Hello!” he said. “How do you do,
 Miss Cragen?”

 “ Oh, it is you! I wondered if I ever
 would see you.”

 “ I never forgot that dance and the warn-
 ing you gave me at the Three Students’
 Ball.”

 She smiled. “I’d ask you in,” she said;

 “ but I think it would be better if we went
 for a walk. Will you wait until I get my
 coat?”

 Vilos nodded. A minute passed. The
 Gipsy appeared in a long, tan coat and a
 blue hat.

 “ Let!s go down-stairs,” she said.

 “ Father is not well. You don’t mind going
 outdoors, do j'ou?”

 Her eyes made a rapid inventory of his
 dark overcoat and well-cut clothes. She
 glanced up, then bent her head toward the
 stairway.

 “ Oh, all right!” Vilos said. “ I’d rather
 walk. It isn’t too cold for a long one
 either.”

 She led the way down the three flights
 of steps and out upon the street. She turned
 and hooked her right arm in his as he
 hesitated and glanced east and west.

 “ Let’s go where the lights are,” she
 urged. “ I hate this neighborhood.”

 He reviewed what he wanted to say to
 her as they crossed the avenues and ap-
 proached a secluded park.

 “ I called,” he finally said, “ just be-
 cause I couldn’t quite forget you or what
 you told me when we had that dance at
 the Three Students’ Ball.”

 “ What did I tell you?”

 “ To keep away from Major Garrick.”

 “ Is he your friend?”

 “ He was, but now since I lost my money .
 I don’t believe he is.”

 She drew her arm from his and walked
 along in silence until they had reached
 an avenue. She turned and faced him on
 the corner.

 “ Let’s go. to some restaurant or tea-
 room,” she suggested. “ I want to know
 about you losing your money. It must have
 been sudden. The major said, after you
 left, that you had an independent income.”

 “ Would it make any difference to you?”

 “ To me? No! Everybody I know is

poor. I’ve worked and even danced for a
living. I keep the flat for father.”

  “ Is he your only relative?”

  “ Yes—mother is dead. Father earns
enough to make ends meet—sometimes a
little more.”

  Vilos caught a slight note of hardness
in the girl’s voice. He glanced at her. The
lines of her mouth were drawn down. The
lips were straight with thought.

  “ We’ll go to the Old Bombay Tea-
Room,” he said. “ We can talk things over
there. I don’t think we exactly understand
each other. I have' a premonition it is go-
ing to be awfully hard for us to get ac-
quainted. Our worlds are not the same.”

  She laughed and flashed him a sudden
glance. “ Oh, if you’re broke,” she said,

“ and want a friend to take around, now
and then, and a pal, I’m willing. There’s
only one man in this town I despise. I hate
him because I do. You know whom I
mean?”

  “ Mike Dugan! ”

  She nodded and led the way across the
avenue. She stood on the curb and glanced
swiftly at the throng of pedestrians that
surged about the trolley stations. There
was a haunting fear in her eyes.

  They walked to the tea-room. He held
her chair and took her coat. He ordered
some waffles and a large pot' of tea.

  “ Now tell me,” he asked as the waitress
disappeared. “ Tell me why you are afraid
of Mike Dugan and of Major Garrick?
Have they any hold on you or your father?”

  “ They have more than a hold—they own
him body and soul.”

  “ But what is his business? What does
your father work at?”

  She toyed with her napkin. “ He never
worked,” she said, flushing. “ He’s an in-
strument in the hands of a master. I can’t
tell you anything more, except that I have
tried desperately hard to reform him. I’ve
tried to be a lady. How can I? I haven’t
the education. I was sent after a growler
of beer before I knew the alphabet. I still
go after growlers of beer! ‘ High hats,’
father calls them.”

  Vilos leaned back. He, too, toyed with .
his napkin. Their glances met and locked.
His was the first to drop.
190

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ You’re frank,” he said, staring at the
white damask. “ I thought when I heard
you give that toast to Bubbles that there
was something more to you than the other
girls I’ve met.”

“ And now you’ve changed your mind.”
“ Yes, for the better. You seem to be
too sincere. I suppose you wouldn’t have
told me about the high hats if you weren’t.”
“ Suppose I told you I was a thief?”

  Vilos dropped his napkin. She had
brought out the word with direct emphasis.
He glanced over the tea-room before meet-
ing her eyes.

  “ You’re not that,”’ he said, trying to
fathom the depths of her earnestness.
“You’d never be one unless you were forced
to it.”

   “ Suppose I was forced to it?”

  “ You don’t mean that your father—”
She turned her head. She exposed an
olive-shaded wealth of skin which disap-
peared beneath a collar of white lace.

   “ Here’s the tea,” she said.

  “You haven’t answered-my question,”
he said as the waitress vanished.

  “A vmitre santay,” she mispronounced
as she lifted a glass of water. “ I learned
that from a French chauffeur. He used to
come and take me riding. That’s all the
French I know. I was eleven years old
then. I’m over'twenty now.”

  Vilos sipped his tea and wondered at her
frankness.

  “ I didn’t think you were more than
eighteen.”

  Her blush was genuine. She shaded her
lashes over her deep-blue eyes. She smiled
faintly. She lowered her glance to his right
hand, which lay upon the damask. She
watched him tapping the edge of the table
with his polished finger-nails.

  “ What are you looking at?” he asked,
conscious of her stare.

   “ Your fingers.”

  “ Why?”

   She closed her lips. A reflective expres-
sion crept over her face.

  “ Why?” he repeated.

  “ Oh, because.”

  “ Because why?”

  “ I’ve seen professionals with hands ex-
actly like yours.”

  “ Pianists?”

  “ No.”

  “ What sort of professionals?”

  “ Card-sharpers and—”

  “ Thanks,” said Vilos dryly. “ I’m not a;
card-sharper or a—what else were you going
to suggest?”

  “ To be frank,” she said as she glanced
at his hand, “ I have seen pickpockets who
had shorter fingers than you have.”

  “ Good Lord! Pickpockets?”

  “ Yes; they are wonderfully gifted. They
can lift a poke or weed a leather or steal a
watch without anybody feeling anything.”
Vilos did not know whether she had com-
plimented him or not. He drew his hands
from view. He leaned over the table.

  “ I’ll remember that,” he said. “ I have
got a chance to make money, after all. I
thought my talents were limited to electrical
engineering. I have got to go to work at
something.”

  “ You mustn’t think I was in earnest.
I don’t believe that you would steal.”

  Vilos shook his head. He leaned back as
the waitress arrived with the waffles. He
poured out more tea and caught the girl’s
glance upon his fingers.

  “ You flatter me,” he said, passing over
her cup. “ You really do. I was never
cut out for a pickpocket.”

  “ We never know what we are cut out
for. I should have been an actress. I
was always crazy to go on the stage. Then
I thought of the movies. But there’s
father and the flat. I just drift along.”

  He stared at her face. It had become
wistful. The pucker at her mouth was
very inviting.

  “ I’m going to call on you often,” he
said. “ I’ll get a job as soon as I sell the
things at the apartment. Some of them
I’ll pack and place in a storage-warehouse.
I can make thirty or thirty-five a week
at engineering.”

  “ How did you lose your money?” She
broke off a piece of waffle and lifted it be-
tween her fingers.

  “ I lost it in a swindle. You see, I have
an uncle who is too easy for this world.
He is my guardian. I’d always drawn
checks on him and had them honored. The
other night he came in and waited for me.
WHERE DEAD MEN WALK.

191

It was the same night, or morning, that
I met you at the Three Students’ Ball. He
explained how he had got mixed up with
a gang who fleeced him out of all his and
all my money. Their game was simple.
Do you want to hear about it?”

  She paled slightly. He noticed her pallor
as she leaned into an alcove.

  “ Yes,” she whispered. “ I’m always in-
terested in those things.”

  Vilos hesitated. The air of the tiny
tea-room had suddenly grown tense. He
had called upon the Gipsy to ask her
opinion concerning the swindle. He hardly
knew how to approach the subject.

  “ You see,” he said, “ there were three
in it, as far as I can find out. One was
a sick engineer, who was registered at the
Hotel Aldwich as a Mr. Findelason from
Utah. The other was his nurse or daughter.
The third was named Robert Bowdich.
Uncle met Mr. Bowdich at a Red Cross
dinner. Why, what’s the matter?”

  Vilos rose. He almost upset his chair
as the girl clapped her handkerchief to her
lips and stared across the table at him
as if he had accused her of the crime.

  “ I—” he started to say.

  “ Oh, this is awful! Are you Colonel
Bishop’s heir?”

  “ He’s my guardian,” stammered Vilos.
“ What do you know about the swindle?”
The girl lowered her napkin. There was
a scarlet stain which showed double upon
the white surface. She straightened her
chair. She reached a wavering hand for
her coat. “ Please pay the check, and let’s
go out,” she said. “ I can’t stand it in here
any longer. Please! Please!”

  Vilos glanced about the room. He helped
the Gipsy on with her coat. He found his
own and his hat. He left a two-dollar bill
for the waitress.

  The crisp night air cleared his brain.
He linked arms and turned toward the
lights of the town.

  “ What do you know about the swindle?”
he repeated.

  “ Nothing! Nothing! Take me home.”
  “ But—”

  “ Take me home! Take me to the cross-
town car. Leave me and never try to see
me again. You must! You must!”

   “ But I don’t understand what hap-
pened.”

   “ Nothing happened, Mr. Holbrook. I
 must go home. That’s all. Now leave
 me!”

   They reached the intersection of two
 thoroughfares. A surface car clanged over
 the switch-points and stopped to discharge
 passengers. The Gipsy drew her arm away
 from Vilos, flashed him a final, startled
 glance, and then ran for the rear platform
 of the car. She climbed aboard.

   Vilos stood still. He watched the cross-
 town car going toward the east. He turned.
 A man hurried up to his side.

   “ What were you doing with that wo-
 man?” asked an accusing voice. “ That
 ' girl—that thief?”

   “ What!” exclaimed Vilos as he wheeled
 upon Colonel Bishop.

   “ The lady you were with?” queried the
 aged guardian. “ Why, I’ve been watching
 for her all day. She’s the one that played
 the part of the nurse to the sick engineer
 in the Hotel Aldwich. She helped rob us!”

   “ Impossible!”

   “ I’d know that pretty face of hers in
 a million!” declared the colonel. “She’s
 the queen of swindlers!”

CHAPTER V.

BABES OF GRACE.

VILOS reached out his hand and laid
it on Colonel Bishop’s excited shoul-
der.

   “ You are mistaken,” he said. “ That
 young lady I just left is the very soul of
 honor. She couldn’t be the one who acted
 as a nurse to the sick engineer who robbed
 you. You’re entirely wrong.”

   Colonel Bishop stared at the lights of
 the vanishing car. He took one step in its
 direction, then hesitated. Some of his as-
 surance vanished as he noted Vilos’s steady
 poise.

   “ She was the one,” he said, “ that was
 in the engineer’s room at the Hotel Ald-
 wich. Why, boy, I’d know her in the
 dark! ”

   Vilos shook his head. He felt the colonel’s
 fingers on his arm.
192

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Let’s go and 'tell the detective,” sug-
gested the old man. “ He will be under that
arc-light.”

  Vilos followed his uncle through the
traffic to where Detective-Sergeant Sweeney
stood.

  The detective was intently watching the
row of faces which flowed down a brightly
lighted avenue.

  The colonel grasped his arm. He swung
him partly around. Sweeney’s eyes swept
from the old man’s form to Vilos.

  “Hello, Holbrook!” he said. “What’s
cornin’ off?”

“ I just left a young lady whom the
colonel .accuses of being one of the gang
who stole our money. I’m sure she wasn’t! ”
Sweeney eyed the colonel. He thrust his
thumbs into the holes of his vest.

  “ He ought to know,” he said. “ Hol-
brook ought to know the kind of company
he keeps, colonel.”

  “»I say it was the nurse in the Hotel Ald-
wich!” said the colonel. “ I repeat that it
wasthe same woman!”

  “ And I say the girl I was with is the soul
of honor!” insisted Vilos.

  “ You’re a hell o’ a help to us, if she was
the same woman.” The detective stared
keenly at Vilos. “ Which way did she go?
Where does she live? Are you trying to
cover up something?”

  Vilos saw the glint of steel in the man-
hunter’s eyes. They flashed a momentary
suggestion of savagery. The great red
brows shelved down. The thumbs came
away from the vest holes.

  “ Where does this woman live?” he re-
peated.

  A few rounders and theater-ticket specu-
lators edged toward the group of. men.
Some of them knew Sweeney. They be-
lieved that an arrest was about to be made.

  Vilos twisted away from the detective’s
grip. He doubled his fists.

  “See here!” he said. “See here, I’m
perfectly sure of my own business! I met
that girl at a—at a tea-room. I don’t know
who she was or where she lives. She got
on the cross-town car. That’s all there is
to it. The colonel was mistaken. He’s
near-sighted.”

  “ You better beat it,” growled Sweeney.

“ You want me to help you, and you block
the trail at the first chance. I got other
people to look after.”

  The colonel cursed helplessly. He fol-
lowed Vilos. They stood before the lights
of a motion-picture theater.

  “ You had better quit watching,” said
Vilos. “ Go to your club and forget the
matter. I’m going home and help Gallagher
pack up my things.”

  “ But that girl?”

  “ She wasn’t the one you met in the Hotel
Aldwich. I’ll answer for her, colonel. Now,
think, are you sure?”

  “ She had the same face—the same walk
—the same tan coat. I saw it in the sick
engineer’s room. She is the same woman!”
Vilos had pressed the point in order to
determine how much the colonel remem-
bered about the matter. He gripped the
old man’s hand and said earnestly:

  “ Don’t drink too much! I’ll come down
to your office to-morrow. Forget the girl!
Good-by!”

  He turned as he saw the colonel tug at
his mustache, then moisten dry lips and
start for the garish lights of a saloon.

  “ Just a second, uncle! ” he said, hurrying
across the sidewalk. “ What description did
you give Sweeney of the sick engineer?
What did Findelason look like? Did he
have a scar on his cheek? Was he a big
man with a heavy face and deep blue eyes?”
“ No, boy. He was thin-faced and black-
eyed. He hadn’t been shaved for weeks.
He had a terrible cough. I was certain he
was dying.”

  “Good-by!” said Vilos. “I’ll call you
up at your office to-morrow.”

  The colonel stared a tier the vanishing
form of his ward.

  “ He was with the woman, all right,” he
said. “ Now, why did he deny it?”

  Vilos had asked concerning the sick engi-
neer on the chance that the description
might fit the Gipsy’s father. It did not.
Cragen was probably not involved in the
swindling of the colonel.

  The walk up-town settled a number of
things in his mind. He had struck an un-
expected clue which was both sweet and
bitter. The Gipsy had played the part of
the nurse in the Hotel Aldwich. Her com-
WHERE DEAD MEN WALK.

193

panion in the swindle was unknown. The
genial individual who had lured the colonel
to Atlantic City was still to be discovered.
He decided to hurry with the packing of his
things, sell the furniture, settle down in a
quiet boarding-house, and ferret out the
affair so that he could recover a part of the
stolen fortune.

  He made swift work of the packing.
Gallagher shed a few tears over the objects
of art as they were wrapped up and placed
in trunks and cases. The auctioneer ar-
rived, and with him came three appraisers.
The figure they offered was one-fifth what
Vilos had paid for the furnishings of the
flat. He accepted it and received a check.

  Moving swiftly, he sent Gallagher off
with the trunks and boxes. He bade good-
by to the superintendent, and paid the one
month’s rent which was due on the lease.
He went through the old rooms, called up
the telephone company, ordered the tele-
phone discontinued, then went down the
elevator and left the keys with the girl at
the switchboard.

  That evening he crawled into a narrow
bed of a select boarding-house which was
sandwiched between a theater’s side door
and a lady’s tailoring establishment of the
superior order. The die was cast. He had
come down from plenty to the bare neces-
sities of life. The transformation had taken
place in brief time. The city roared on as
if the event was not worth recording. Vilos
drowsed and slept through a night of use-
less memories.

  The problem he faced in the morning was
the old, old one of a man taking stock of
himself. He sat on the edge of the bed and
had it out with his conscience. He could
go to work at electrical engineering and
earn, at the most, thirty-five dollars a week.
There were a number of firms in the city
who would be glad to employ him.

  On the other hand, he had a little money
and a wide assurance that he would be able
to force the Gipsy to give the names of her
confederates, or assist him in the partial
recovery of the Holbrook fortune.

  He decided on this line of action. Gal-
lagher had been taken care of with a very
good reference. The colonel had a small
office in a down-town building where he

    2	A-S

specialized in stocks and bonds and finan-
cial advice to investors. It was not much,
but the colonel’s expenses were small.

  Vilos rose from the bed and dressed. He
decided to start the investigation by going
to the Primrose Club and waiting for Major
Garrick. The major had a working knowl-
edge of the police, their methods; and he
also was on speaking-terms with many deni-
zens of the higher underworld. He would
be able to tell more about the Gipsy.

  The doorman of the club nodded to Vilos
and bowed him in. The footman took his
coat, hat, and stick. He hurried through
the card-room and the reading-room. No
one was about that part of the club. He
passed through to the elevator and was
lifted to the second floor, where a number
of breakfasters were sitting with their news-
papers propped over their grape-fruit.

  Major Garrick, resplendent in a shepherd-
plaid suit and a red tie, glanced across a
tiny table which was set well in an alcove
by the front windows.

  “ Good morning,” he said as Vilos stared
at him. “ Come, sit down and join me!
I hate to eat alone.”

  Vilos stood erect until a waiter drew up
a chair. He sat down and indicated to the
servant that he had breakfasted.

  “ How’s tricks?” asked the major, poising
a fork. “ What did happen to your uncle?
Let’s see, his name was Bishop—wasn’t it?
I think you told me about him once.”

  “ That’s what I came about,” said Vilos.
“ That’s what I wanted to see you about
the other night. He was robbed, and I
thought you might know who did it?”

  “ I?”

  “ Yes! It was the work of a clever gang.
They had a sick engineer and a nurse and
a steerer who took my uncle to Atlantic
City.”

  The major flushed beneath his pink skin.
He crossed his legs and touched a napkin
to his mouth. His fingers trembled slightly
as he laid the napkin down. “ How much
did they get from your uncle?” he asked.

  “ Seventy thousand dollars. Almost all
of it was mine. My uncle was the guardian
of my father’s estate.”

  “ And the1* old man fell for the sick
engineer’s game?”
194

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ He did!v said Vilos.

  “ It’s a wonder to me, Holbrook, they
don’t appoint guardians for guardians these
days. I don’t know any quicker way of
losing money. I suppose he bought stock
which was worthless. I presume he tried
to do somebody else and got done himself.
I always did like to see a sucker trimmed.”
Vilos glanced around the room. He had
detected a quizzical note in the major’s
voice.

  “ Do you happen to know any gang
operating that swindle?” he asked. “ Can
you give me any clue by which I can re-
cover the money?”

  The major reached and lifted a glass of
ice water. He gulped twice before he set
it down and leaned forward.

  “ Have you a good description of the men
in the swindle?”

  “ Fairly good,” said Vilos. “ The girl
was blue-eyed and had dark hair. The man
who lured my uncle to Atlantic City was a
genial, stout, gray-haired individual with a
ready smile.”

  “ That would fit my description,” said
the major. “ But then there are many men
besides myself whom it would also fit.”

  The major smiled genially. He beamed
and stroked his whiskers. “ I think I can
help you,” he said with a hearty voice.
“ I’ll see a certain party who knows every-
body in the swindling line. He’s a wonder!
He goes deep-sea on the boats, and they let
him in on all their games. He’s a sort of
dilettante on international swindling. You
give me your address and I’ll send you a
list of probable suspects.”

  Vilos wrote the address of his boarding-
house on a card and passed it to the major.

  “ You’re a very determined young man,”
said Major Garrick. “ I think you are up
against a hard problem, though. This is a
large town. The world is so wide. Why,
I’ve heard that the very best place to look
for swindlers and green-goods men and con-
men and deep-sea Greeks and wire-tappers
is the lobby of about ten good hotels,
stretching from here to Cairo and Tokyo
and Frisco. They are babes of grace and
migrate with astonishing rapidity.”

  “ Babes of grace, major?”

  “Yes! Occasional offenders who are in

the crime-game for the sport that is in it.
Now, for instance, what did that sick engi-
neer look like? I’d like to make a bet he’s
an actor.”

  “ He was dark-bearded and slim—” Vilos
started to say when the major was inter-
rupted by the arrival of a page with a card.

  “Show him up!” he said. “Tell Mr.
Hickson I’m holding a place for him.”

  Vilos rose hurriedly.

  “ Sit right down,” said the major. “ I
want you to meet Mr. Hickson. Handles
stocks and bonds. He is a bit of a sports-
man—but a good sort, you know.”

  Vilos turned. He saw a loud-vested man
swing into the breakfast-room. A cream-
colored pair of spats matched a hat of the
same shade. A dainty bamboo cane was
hooked over an arm. A black mustache of
two-weeks’ growth shaded a thick upper
lip. Beaded eyes as bright as a serpent’s
glided and darted from table to table. They
swept the major’s portly form as he rose and
said:

  “ Mr. Hickson, meet Mr. Holbrook—an
old club friend of mine. Mr. Holbrook was
just telling me that, his uncle was robbed
by a clever band of swindlers. You should
hear the details.”

  The dark eyes rested upon Vilos. They
bored through and through him.

  “ Glad to know you,” said Hickson,
thrusting out a cool, slim-fingered hand.
“ Frien’ of the major’s is a frien’ o’ mine.
Ain’t many like the major. He’s a filly for
looks and as steady as a deacon.”

  Vilos bowed slightly. He felt somewhat
out of his element. The two men had
that hardness which repulses with its very
brilliancy.

  “ This swindle?” asked Hickson as he
handed his cane and hat to the waiter.
“ How did it come off?”

  “ His uncle,” said the major, “ got mixed
up with a mob who sold him some bogus
mining stock. Not the kind you handle,
you know, but cat-and-dog stuff.”

  “ What was his uncle’s name?”

  “ Bishop!” said Major Garrick solemnly.
“ Mr. Bishop, if you please!”

  “I’ll remember that,” Hickson said, sit-
ting down very suddenly. “ In the mean
time, major, we might have a cocktail.”
WHERE DEAD MEN WALK.

195

  Vilos waited until three drinks were
brought to the table. Then he rose.

  “You send the information to the ad-
dress I gave you,” he said, leaning over
the table. “ Perhaps Mr. Hickson can help
you out in that matter.”

  The major almost choked. He stared at
the face of his companion, then up at Vilos.

  “ What d’you mean?” he asked.

  “What I said!” exclaimed Vilos as he
moved away from the table and started
blindly for the door. He found the elevator
and descended to the main floor of the club.
He was handed his stick, coat, and hat. He
plunged through the doorway and started
walking rapidly toward the north.

  The truth, or a glimmering of the truth,
had come home to him. He followed the
natural sequence and found no flaw in his
reasoning. The colonel had been robbed by
men who had decided he was a mark. The
work savored of Major Garrick. The genial
major had posed as Mr. Robert Bowdich.
He had told the gullible colonel of the sick
engineer somewhere in the town. Mr. Hick-
son, who answered the engineer’s descrip-
tion, had played his role with the help of
the Gipsy. The entire swindle dovetailed.
The meeting with Hickson had started the
train of deduction in Vilos’s mind.

  He reached a park and sat down on a
bench. His stick lay between his custom-
made shoes. His eyes were on the trees
and the sky. There was an open space
there as if some giant monarch had fallen.
This space represented, his faith in man.
■The double-dealing of the major had proved
the last straw.

  There seemed no way to wrest the money
from the gang. Its one weak spot was the
Gipsy. She would not talk.

  He lifted his cane and swung it idly back
and forth. Women in green suits and
broad, black hats galloped by on well-
groomed horses. Autos honked beyond the
fringe of shrubbery. The sun’s rays slanted
through the shrubbery and cast shadows
over the cement walk.

  Vilos steadied his cane. He rose with
sudden resolve. There was nothing to be
gained by guesswork. There was a way to
prove if Hickson and the major were con-
cerned in the swindle.

  He had thought of telephoning Colonel
Bishop and having the old man come to the
club in order to identify the two men. He
realized that if the police were brought in
on the matter there would be a scandal
which would involve the Gipsy.

  His decision was to go to the tenement
and lay the matter before her. She could
advise him. He held certain cards which
might force her to tell the truth.

  He walked rapidly through the park and
crossed the town. He sprang on the rear
end of a street-car which would fake him
south. He got off the car and walked west.

  Through screaming children and red-
faced women he threaded until he stood in
the entrance to the brown-stone tenement.
Cragen’s box was filled with circulars.
Vilos pressed the bell and waited. He saw
dirt-streaked urchins peering through the
entrance at him. They eyed his cane as if
they had never seen one.

  A burly man came down the steps and
opened the door. He had a can under his
coat.

  “ Is Cragen in?” asked Vilos. “ I want
to see Miss Cragen.”

  “ Cragen’s gone,” the man said thickly.
“ He moved away last night. The daughter
went with him.”

  “ Where did they go?” asked Vilos
blankly.

  “ You can search me—I don’t know.
Down-town, I guess. Was youse a friend
of theirs?”

  “ Yes, yes!”

  “ Well, then, youse oughta know where
they went. I wasn’t a friend of any of them.
Queer people, I say.”

  Vilos followed the man out into the street.
He glanced up at the rows of broken win-
dows. He counted until he had reached
the fourth floor. There was a series of three
empty windows there. The curtains had
been removed.

  “ Would the agent know?” Vilos asked
the man.

  “ I’m the agent. I tended to the taking
out of their telephone. I don’t know where
they went. I don’t care.” .

  Vilos tucked his cane under his arm. He
started westward. He entered a slot-booth
and called up Colonel Bishop. The old man
196

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

promised to be at the Primrose Club within
fifty minutes. His voice shook as he at-
tempted to hang up the receiver.

  It was exactly fifty-five minutes when the
colonel sprang out of a taxi and came across
the sidewalk to the place where Vilos was
waiting on the corner nearest the club.

  “ Are you certain they are the men who
swindled me?” asked the old man excitedly.
“ Suppose they are not?”

  “ I’ll introduce you,” said Vilos. “ That
will prove the matter.”

  “ Hadn’t we better telephone for Sweeney
and have him waiting outside in case of
trouble?”

  “No! Come on in! They were in the
breakfast-room. They ought to be in the
library now. Come on, uncle! ”

  Vilos led the way into the club. He
stopped and peered into the card-room. He
grasped the colonel’s arm and urged him to
the library. No one save a bald-headed
reader was in sight.

  Vilos frowned and stepped to the waiting
elevator-boy.

  “ Did you see Major Garrick and a friend
come down?” he asked.

  “ Yes, sir, I did, Mr. Holbrook. They
came down about an hour ago, sir. They
talked with the secretary, sir. Then they
went out, sir.”

  “ And where is the secretary?”

  “ He’s not around, sir. He went out,
sir.”

  “ With Major Garrick.”

  “ Oh, no, sir! He went afterward, sir.
I heard him say that the major was leaving
for Asia, or some place like that. The
porter brought down the major’s bags and
golf-sticks and things, sir.”

  “ And he left in a taxi?”

  “ He did, sir.”

  Vilos stared at Colonel Bishop. He drew
out a quarter and handed it to the boy.
He led the way to the street where he
said bitterly:

  “ I frightened them away!”

  “ Then they were the men who swindled
me?”

  “ Their flight proves it!” declared Vilos.
“ I suppose the money will be all spent by
the time they return. I’ll have to go to
work—or—”

  “ Or what, boy?”

  Vilos glanced at his right hand.

  “ Or hunt up the Gipsy,” he said.

CHAPTER VI.

“ flannagan’s flats.”

VILOS fell into the idle life of a
dreamer and a wanderer. He browsed
through book stores and spent his
evenings strolling within the congested
canons of the city.

  The boarding-house, with its score or
more of tenants, was a hive of loud laugh-
ter, cabbage smells, and white-faced women
who flitted through the halls in the morn-
ing, with their beauty strangely gone over
the night.

  Vilos had a speaking acquaintance with a
few of the steady boarders. They belonged
to the “ trolley-circuit,” which consisted of
a number of vaudeville houses scattered
conveniently near the trolley lines.

  He gravely listened to them and caught
a new note in the heart of the city. They
were courageous and enterprising. They
had traveled everywhere in the United
States. The city was considered a godsend
compared to one-night stands at sage-brush
hotels.

  Their high good-nature and care-free life
caused him to take stock of his own some-
what narrow existence. He went out more
often. He visited the Primrose Club at
stated evenings. His return to the board-
ing-house in full .dress and crush-opera hat,
a trifle out of fashion, was usually heralded
by a voice from somewhere over the banis-
ter and an invitation to come up and have
some beer.

  Once a chalk-pale youth, who had clois-
tered himself in a third-floor back room, was
brought down between two heavy-set men
and was seen no more at the boarding-
house. The jimmy-jawed landlady said that
he never had to worry any more about
board bills.

  Vilos found it necessary to first call upon
Colonel Bishop for money, and then, short-
ly afterward, he had the trunks and boxes
brought from the storage warehouse and
their contents sold at auction.
WHERE DEAD MEN WALK.

197

  The jade and jasper and ivory had de-
preciated. Some of the cherished objects
of art brought less than he had paid for
duty on them. It ^ras a frugal period where
luxuries were a drug on the market. He
kept the portraits and paintings. These
would not sell, and they were the last of
his blue-china, as he phrased it.

  He found in his wanderings a little cafe
and restaurant which suited him in cuisine
and price. It was managed by a father, a
mother, and a pretty daughter who waited
on the tables. There was a bar in the front,
but this did not prevent the place from
being both respectable and popular. It had
not been spoiled by sightseers.

  A night came when he sat in this little
cafe and stared over the tables toward the
heavy, slate-gray face and eyes of Mike
Dugan. There could be no doubt that it
was the boss.

  Vilos drew back against a wall. He
partly hid his form by interposing a pillar
between himself and Dugan, who was dining
with a henchman of swarthy features and
oily black hair.

  The boss was drinking lithia water. He
was eating spaghetti with an awkward fork.
He had evidently dropped into the cafe on
a ward tour.

  The Gipsy’s name and features flashed
through Vilos’s mind. He had given up the
quest for her. The sight of Dugan brought
back the picture of the girl dancing at the
Three Students’ Ball. It stirred the old
memories and the haunting sweetness of
their last parting.

  He wondered if it were only yesterday or
six months ago when he had visited the
tenement. He had idled the time and got
nowhere. The major and his unsavory
friend, Mr. Hickson, had not been seen
around the Primrose Club. Sweeney still
stood at the intersection of the thorough-
fares.

   Vilos finished his small bottle of red wine.
He ordered a stronger drink. He had taken
to drinking as a means to pass the nights
and days. Whisky, he found, let the brakes
off in a remarkable manner. And whisky
was cheap in the city.

  He watched Dugan and the black-haired
henchman. They rose before he had finished

the whisky. He hastily gulped the re-
mainder, paid the waiter, and started to-
ward the front of the cafe.

  Dugan stopped and talked with the
pretty daughter* - He was approached by a
youth in velveteen jacket who attempted to
sell him some “ soul candy.” The big boss
roared an indignant protest which set the
gay spot of bohemia into laughter. He
glanced around, leered at the pretty daugh-
ter, then passed out through the door.

  Vilos leaned over the bar and ordered a
drink. He gulped this, threw down a quar-
ter, and braced his shoulders as he trailed
Dugan and his companion under a narrow
Elevated.

  The way led southward to Harmine
Street. Dugan stopped and started whisper-
ing instructions to the Italian. The two
men stood blurred against the lights from a
saloon.. They separated as Dugan pushed
open the doors and stepped inside.

  Vilos crossed the street and rounded the
comer. He entered a back room and peered
over the low door which separated the room
from the bar. Dugan stood before a table.
He was glancing at a man whose face was
scarred and whose black clothes were shiny.
It was a full minute before Vilos realized
that the man to whom the boss was talking
was James Cragen—the Gipsy’s father.

  Vilos stepped out of the saloon. He took
up a position on the opposite side of the
street. He turned his coat collar up to his
chin and drew down his soft hat.

  Children stared at him and went on.
Women passed with fetching coughs which
were meant to be invitations. The city
roared with the passage of huge trucks.
Garish lights shone from pawn-shops and
second-hand clothiers. Push-carts lined the
thoroughfare further to the southward.

  Vilos caught a reflection of himself in a
glass as he turned and stared at the window
behind him. He had not improved in the
six months which had ensued since the loss
of his fortune. There was a slight run-
down appearance to his clothes and shoes
and hat. There was a gnawing in his body
which was not there before. ” This desire
came from whisky*.and cheap wines. Beer
had only added an occasional green-head-
ache.
198

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  The wait for Cragen to come out of the
saloon seemed endless. Vilos acted like an
amateur sleuth. His hat was drawn down
too far. His manner was furtive. He went
back to the room and peered over the little
door at least three times. Each time he
saw the big boss and Cragen deep in earnest
conversation.

  And because Dugan ruled the ward he
had a glass of vichy in front of him, while
Cragen’s great scar was livid from many
gulps of the strongest rye that big men
drink.

  Cragen was the clue to the Gipsy. Vilos
remembered this fact and fortified himself
for a long wait. He paced back and forth.
He crouched into a hallway. He studied
the time as shown by his watch.

  It was eleven o’clock when the big boss
strode from the saloon, glanced up and
down, then started walking rapidly east-
ward. Vilos watched him disappear.

  Cragen came out and lurched along Har-
mine Street. Vilos became a close shadow
behind him. The work was amateurish.
Once the man turned and peered backward.
He reeled and went on until he came to the
broken steps and narrow entrance of a tene-
ment.

  He vanished—a deeper shadow within a
shadow. A door closed. Vilos crossed the
street and leaned against an ash-can. He
stared up at the row of poorly-lighted
windows.

  Then, fittingly, a form emerged from the
tenement and glided northward. A feather
drooped from a wide hat. It was the Gipsy.

  Vilos followed her. He saw her enter the
door to the side entrance of the saloon
where he had seen Mike Dugan and Cragen
talking and drinking.

  He opened this door and stepped into the
back room. The Gipsy stood by a small
slide through which a view of the bar could
be seen.

  “ You?” she exclaimed, wheeling and
staring at him. “ You here?”

  “ Yes, it’s I,” said Vilos, turning down
his coat collar and lifting his soft hat.
“ I’ve finally found you.” •

  The Gipsy’s face blanched. Her hands
raised and pressed against her breast. She
glanced toward the door.

  “ I suppose you have people witk you?”
she asked.

Vilos shook his head and reached for her
hand. “ Come, let us get a drink! ” he sug-
gested. “ I want to tell you what has hap-
pened to me. I’m down and out, almost.”
She eyed him nervously.

  “ You get a bottle of light port wine,” she
said, “ and we’ll sit down. I’ve got to go
in five minutes. Father just came home,
and there’s a man talking to him now.”
Vilos shoved a dollar-bill through the
slide and received a quart-bottle wrapped
up. He set this on the table, drew up two
chairs and motioned for the Gipsy to take a
seat.

  “ What will you have to drink?” he asked
as the bartender came in.

  “ Something soft. A ginger-ale.”

  Vilos ordered the same. He waited until
the bartender had disappeared in the direc-
tion of the bar.

  “ I looked everywhere for you,” he said.
“ I went around to the old address and you
were gone. I searched the'telephone book
and the new directory. Why did you try to
break the trail?”

  Again she glanced over his form. Her
elbows rested upon the table. She narrowed
her eyes and smiled with tiny wrinkles
forming from the corners of her mouth.

  “ Why? Because I was afraid you would
guess who I was. I saw' you talking to
Colonel Bishop when I caught that cross-
town car. I felt that your uncle had recog-
nized me.”

  “ He did! I told him he was wrong. I
wanted to find out for myself, though.”

  “ Are you determined on getting back the
money your uncle lost?”

  “ I’ve forgotten about it.”

  She traced a circle with her finger on the
table.

  “ That was well you did,” she said,
loosening her tan coat and exposing her
neck. “ You see that kind of money has
wings. It’s been spent long ago.”

  “ How much did you get out of it?”

  The Gipsy traced more circles. “ So
little,” she said, “ that it wouldn’t have
bought a decent gown. You know there
are people hired for certain swindling opera-
tions, like actors for their parts.”
WHERE DEAD MEN WALK.

199

  “ Gipsy, you’re too bright to be a tool.
I found out that the sick engineer was Mr.
Hickson, and that the one who steered my
uncle into the thing was Major Garrick, of
the Primrose Club. But finding out won’t
help matters. I just wanted to see you and
get your advice about going to work at
something.”

  She glanced around as the bartender ap-
peared with the two ginger-ales.

“ A voutre saritay,” she said, touching the
glass with her lips. “ We’ll drink a toast.
I don’t think a woman is bad who steals.”
Vilos drank one-half of his ginger-ale.

  “ That’s a queer code,” he said. “ Who
taught you that?”

  “ Father!”

  “ Then your father is living by his wits?”
H Yes! He is well known in certain cir-
cles. He would kill me if I went wrong,
but he taught me to steal.”

  Vilos saw her glance toward the side door
as a woman glided in with a can.

  “ We’ve both come down,” he said. “ I’m
living in a theatrical boarding-house, and
you’re living in—”

  “ Flannagan’s Flats or Tenements! Rent
paid by the week in advance. A fence in
the basement buys anything you bring to
him. It don’t make a particle of difference
what it is.”

  “ I’d like to move down here,” said Vilos.
She glanced at his hands in close-lidded
calculation.

  “ There’s nothing to stop you,” she said.
“ I think I shall. I’ve been wandering
all over this town for the last five or six
months. I haven’t met anybody who was
the least interesting. The more I met the
more I thought of you.”

  “ You’ve been drinking?”

  “ Yes!”

  “ Was it on account of losing your
fortune?”

  “ Well, that started me, but I wasn't get-
ting anywhere.”

  She studied his hands for a second time.
She started as the.side door banged. Her
face was white as she rose.

  “ I must take back that wine,” she said.
“ I’m awfully afraid of somebody coming
in here and finding us together.”

  “ Your father?”

  “No!”

  “ The man who is up with your father

now?”

  “No! That’s a man you know. It’s
Mr. Hjpkson, a friend of the major’s. I’m
too frank, but the man I fear is bigger than
any of them. He has threatened to have
me arrested unless I’m more friendly to him.
He and father are on the outs. Father says
that he will kill Mike Dugan if he keeps
running after me.”

  Vilos pushed back his chair. “ Why,” he
said, “ your father was with Dugan to-
night.”	s

  “ Yes, I know he was with him. They’re
always together, but father has a reason for
that. Father is queer. Some day you may
know him and like him. He thinks the
world of me.”

“ But he lets you act as a confederate in
the major’s swindles? He let’s you live
down here in this out-of-the-way place.
You should be in a girl’s boarding-school.”
The Gipsy’s eyes widened.

   “ You’re no one to tell me that,” she said.
Vilos followed her through the door and
out into the side street. They turned the
corner together and started walking south
along Harmine Street. A clock in a church
struck twelve slow strokes.

  “Hurry!” she whispered as she thrust
her arm through the cover of his elbow and
dragged him over the sidewalk. “ Father
will be furious.”

  Her back glance as they reached Flan-
nagan’s Flats brought out the cords of her
neck. Her eyes were haunting.

  “ Looking for Dugan?” asked Vilos.
“Yes! If he came you would have to
get out of the way. He is terrible. He
holds father and almost everybody in the
hollow of his hand. He knows too much.
He is dangerous because he thinks, while
other men are drinking.”

. “ I wouldn’t get out of his way,” said
Vilos.

  “You?” she exclaimed. “You — well,
you don’t know him as we do. You don’t
know him—”

Her voice trailed into a poignant silence.
She lifted the bottle of wine and stared at it.

“ I’m afraid this is not the right brand,”
she said, glancing up the street. “ I wonder
200

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

if I better go back and ask the bartender
what kind father usually drinks.”

  “ Let me take it back.”

  “ No! I must hurry! Father and his
friend will be wondering.where I went I’m
afraid father will come d’own-stairs and look
for me. Good night, Mr. Holbrook. You
can call some time when father is not at
home. Good night! ”

  Vilos blocked the way.

  “ Why can’t I come up and meet your
father?” he asked. “ I know him. He
knows me. We were introduced at the
Three Students’ Ball by Major Garrick.”

  “ I don’t think you had better come up.
He’s busy with a visitor.”

  “ I’ve met the other man, too. The major
and Mr. Hickson were at the club one
morning.”

  Her brow puckered.

  “ They might think you were after in-
formation,” she said. “ You know you were
the one who was robbed—months ago.”

  “ I’ve given that up, Gipsy. I realize that
the money was spent—that it went many
ways. Perhaps Dugan got some of it. I
just want to talk to you a while. If your
father is willing I’ll go after another bottle.”
She hesitated and held out her hand.

  “ Promise me that you’ll not use any in-
formation against me and Mr. Hickson?
Promise me that you will forget the part I
played as nurse in the Hotel Aldwich?”

  “ I promise,” said Vilos. “ I never want
to hear of'it again. It’s done! I just want
to sit and talk with you. I want to tell you
what I’ve been doing since I left my flat.”

  “ Come on! ” she said.

  Vilos followed her through the door and
up the flights of gas-lighted staircases whose
worn carpets were dangerous to tread upon.

  The Gipsy pushed open a door without
knocking. She entered and beckoned for
Vilos to follow her. He groped within the
narrow walls of a hallway and emerged injo
a room where Cragen was lounging upon a
chair. Opposite Cragen sat Hickson—
debonair and cool.

  “ I’ve met a friend,” said the Gipsy.

“ He’s an old friend,” she added as she
smiled knowingly at her father.

 TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK. Don'
 that you will get the continuation ol

   Cragen removed a cord-wrapped pipe
 from his mouth and rose with a muttered
 oath. “What t’hell!” he said. “What
 did you bring him here for?”

   “ He wanted to see you. I met him on
 the corner,” explained the Gipsy as she re-
 moved her coat. “ You know Mr. Hol-
 brook, Mr. Hickson.”

   Hickson bobbed his head. “ Hello, old
 pal!” he said. “ No hard feelings, I hope.”
 “ None at all,” said Vilos. “ I happened
 to meet the Gipsy, as she said, and asked
 her to bring me up. Sometimes I find it
 lonely here in town.”

   Hickson glanced at Cragen. He swung
 and studied Vilos from the toes of his half-
 polished shoes to the prematurely gray hair
 that lay over his temples.

   He shook his head. “ You used to be a
 regular collar-and-necktie boy,” he said.
 “ Now I don’t know what to think. Are
 you looking for a little work in our line?”

   “ What is your line?” asked Vilos.

   Both men laughed.

   “ You know,” said Cragen. “ You know,”
 he repeated heavily. “ Hickson here could
 use a good man in some little work which is
 coming off pretty soon. We need a man
 who has never been shown up and who
 hasn’t been ‘ mugged.’ Are you on Hol-
 brook?”

    “ I might be arrested,” said Vilos.

   “ You can’t be arrested. We’re under
 protection. You get ten per cent and pro-
 tection.”

    Vilos turned to the Gipsy.

    'l Are you in it?” he asked.

    “ I’ll go into it if you do,” she said. “ I’ll
 teach you everything I know.” She mo-
 tioned toward his fingers. Cragen and
 Hickson leaned forward.

 “ A swell bunch of mitts,” said Hickson.
 “ Little Nollie Matches had the same kind.
 He was the fastest pickpocket in the West.”
 Cragen stroked the scar on his right
 cheek. His eyes bored through Vilos.

    “ Cornin’ in, boy?” he asked.

   “ In what?”

    “ A little speculation in pink pearls.”
    Vilos felt the Gipsy’s urging glance.

    “ I might take a chance,” he said.

 't forget this magazine is issued weekly, and
 f this story without waiting a month.
'/Ml

Homer Eon Flint

CHAPTER I.

LADIES FIRST.

IT is only fair to say, right now, that
Catherine accepted Mr. Brett with a
distinct condition. She was to be merely
a companion to him in his last days. He
cheerfully agreed to the arrangement, know-
ing better than to expect anything more.
At the time, he was just four times her age.

  “ But it’s worth it, my dear, just to have
you to look at,” he often assured her; and
he meant it. He made her his sole heir.

  So, as might be expected, Catherine soon
turned her attention to making use of the
million he had left her. She found, of
course, that the particular strata of society
for which she longed rather frowned down
upon her. She had been the millionaire’s
stenographer previous to their marriage.

  Whereupon she deliberately set to work
to win a man of her own age; a man al-
ready within the charmed circle. She had
brains as well as youth and beauty, and she
proposed to spare neither.

  She went about it very energetically, tak-
ing prominent parts in several social-wel-
fare enterprises, thereby coming in contact
with the people she sought to know. But
she failed to make a hit with the younger
men. Had she been as well informed in
athletics or politics as she was in business,
she would have have done infinitely better.
And as soon as she realized this, she pro-
ceeded to have a good cry, changed her
mind entirely, and began to look over the
field of confirmed bachelors.

It was about this time that John Bates,
of Bates & Foster, Constructing Engineers,
decided to run for Governor. Immediately
his opponents searched for facts with which
to discredit him; and that is the reason wThy
Philip Foster, his partner, was thrust into
the public eye and before Catherine Brett’s
notice.

  Philip had been the silent, and incidental-
ly the thinking, partner of the firm, it
seemed. His contact with the world had
been almost entirely through Bates. Now,
people learned that Philip wras really the
brains of the pair.

  Of course, it was the San Francisco-to-
Chicago Tunnel which put Bates & Foster
on the world map. Before that, they had
done everything in the engineering line,
from installing the new Pacific Coast wave-
motor system to building the Detroit air-
plane-starter tower. They had nothing to
do with such propositions as the San Fran-
cisco Bay Bridge; they specialized on diffi-
cult work which other concerns were afraid
to handle.

  That is where Philip Foster’s brains came
in. Quiet, retiring sort of chap though he
was, he had a most astonishing imagina-
tion, coupled with a truly remorseless logic.
He could devise ways and means where all
other experts failed.

  Not to go into details; but who except
Philip Foster would have had the nerve to
adapt the screw-tube principle to so huge
a project as the tunnel? Yet, to-day, when
folks on the Pacific Coast receive a ship-
ment of freight which left Chicago just

toi
202

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

twenty-four hours ago, we may possibly
think of Bates & Foster, and that will re-
mind us of Bates; but never of Foster.

  The Bates & Foster suite occupied the
entire ninth floor of the Ballou Building,
on Market Street, not far from the ferry.
Altogether, it amounted to nearly thirty
rooms, fully a third of which were given
over to laboratories; for Philip often had a
score of experiments, chemical, electrical or
physical, under way at one time. As for
the other rooms, most of them were oc-
cupied by the small regiment of draftsmen
the firm required, while the partners had
each a private office, opening off a single
reception-room. The knob on Bates’s door
was worn smooth; Philip’s still looked new.
The one was opened fifty times to the
others once.

  Catherine found these details immensely
interesting. She learned that Philip could
claim membership in the coveted set; and
she quickly made up her mind that this
hitherto unsought, because unknown, bache-
lor must be won if she was to prove that
she was “ qualified.”

  She did not believe that true love was
blind. On the contrary, Catherine was
firmly convinced that the only genuine love
is that which develops between those who
have shown mutual fitness. She believed
in love after a year or two of married life,
during which both parties had proved that
they were worthy. According to her theory,
she couldn’t possibly have fallen in love
with Mr. Brett; it was out of the question
for her to prove herself worthy of a man
old enough to be her grandfather.

  So her apparently cold-blooded designs
upon Philip Foster were not so cold-
blooded, after all. Catherine fully expected
that the affair would become quite ardent
enough in due time.

  She learned that Philip rarely left his
club, appearing in society only when his
aunt gave some sort of an affair for a certain
orphanage. By means of the most intricate
maneuverings, which need not be gone into
here, Catherine contrived to attend these
affairs, succeeded in getting an introduction,
and even managed to hold Philip’s atten-
tion.

  She did it by talking business. It re-

lieved him immensely to get away from the
small-talk people; he had never mastered
the art of saying much about nothing while
seeming to mean it all; and even though
Catherine’s stock exchange chatter was
quite out of his line, it was infinitely pre-
ferable to the other kind of embarrassment.

  He studied her carelessly. She was be-
tween twenty-five and thirty, slightly stoop-
shouldered from her early life in Mr. Brett's
office, and singularly languid in her move-
ments. This, however, was rather decep-
tive; in actual fact Catherine Brett covered
a great deal t>f ground in the apparently
lackadaisical fashion of hers, whether she
were walking or talking. She made every
move, every word, count heavily.

  Also, she was really beautiful, in a som-
ber, wistful sort of a way. A closer look at
her dark brown eyes might have revealed a
very slight tightening at the outer ends of
the lids. And the deep indentations at the
corners of her mouth argued a strength in
reserve that one might mistake for secre-
tiveness. Her nose was very slightly arched,
thin, and yet not prominent, probably be-
cause her chin was straight and sharply
pointed. There was a single deep line be-
tween her eyes.

  Now, Philip Foster was no Adonis. Of
medium height and chunkily built, he
showed many signs of too much indoor life.
His face was pink as a baby’s, his hands
as soft. In fact, he was dangerously close
to being plain, out-and-out fat; and for the
past fifteen of his thirty-five years he had
assiduously watched the scales, keeping
within a five-pound margin which he felt
he must never exceed.

  His whole manner was exceedingly gentle
and diffident. “ As modest and bashful as
a young girl,” the newspapers had said;
and Catherine found it quite true.

  He had large, blue, timid and unasser-
tive eyes, tucked away beneath a bulging
forehead. His nose was really large; like-
wise his mouth. Why use more delicate
terms? The only thing about his face
which ever worried him was its lack of a
healthy tan. He wasn’t bad looking at all,
Catherine decided.

  Catherine also knew, from the news-
papers, that “ the other half of Philip Fos-
THE MAN IN THE MOON.

203

ter is his office.” It was an extraordinarily
complete thing, it seems, containing every
conceivable publication on every branch of
engineering. The man was a human index
to all known data about the profession.
Principles he knew by heart, while he kept
facts and figures at his fingers’ ends. In
his office he was invincible; away from it—
Catherine would see.

  They had not met many times before he
began to prefer her company. She had the
tact not to compliment him in any way
upon his success; had she done so, he would
have been acutely miserable. And all this
explains why, since neither of them cared
to dance, they often wandered into his
aunt’s conservatory.

  On the night things began to happen, it
was full moon. Philip himself picked out
a seat in the most secluded spot in the
place. He expected to just sit and listen to
her talk, as usual, saying “ Yes?” and “ Of
course ” now and then, meanwhile thinking
of something really important. He took
the place beside her quite without noticing
that they had to sit pretty close together in
order to fit the seat.

  Said Catherine Brett to Philip Foster:

  “ Isn’t the moon beautiful to-night?”

CHAPTER II.

AS FOR THE MOON.

PHILIP stirred uncertainly, and cleared
his throat. “ Very handsome moon,
beyond a doubt. Although,” he could
not help but add, “ there’s one of Jupiter’s
moons which I happen to admire a good
deal more.”

  Catherine noted that his eyes w'ere now-
fixed upon the big yellow disk with which
we are all so familiar. Summer time—con-
servatory—moon; at least three conditions
for romance were fulfilled. Catherine low-
ered her voice:

  “ What a soft light it is now! Once I
saw7 it from Lick Observatory, and then it
had a cold, hard look I didn’t like.” She
shivered almost pitifully.

  “ It is due to our atmosphere,” declared
the engineer, thinking only of the softness
of the moonlight, not of Catherine’s chilli-

ness. “ Up at the observatory, the air is
much clearer than here.”

  “ Don’t you think it has something to
do with the warmth of the season?” sugi
gested the woman, softly.

  “ Only in this sense,” he answered, “ that
there’s more dust in the air during the dry
months.”

   She let silence prevail for a little while;
then, shyly: “ It always makes me feel
confidential, somehow', to watch the full
moon this way.”

  He looked at her blankly. “ Confiden-
tial?”

  “ Yes ”—moving a tiny bit closer to the
man. “ The moon seems so big and—
near! I feel as though I could reach up
and whisper secrets in her ear!”

  The scientist gave a dry chuckle. “You’d
have to reach about a quarter of a million
miles, then,” said he, adding regretfully:
“ I haven’t the exact figures with me just
now.”

  “But — she looks so big!” protested
Catherine, provolcingly. •

  “ Very deceiving,” said Philip, referring
only to the apparent size of the satellite, not
to Catherine’s manner. “ She’s less than
half the diameter of the earth, so that her
actual area is only about one fifth.” He
added that he would look the matter up
the next day, and mail her the data in more
precise terms.

  She sighed, in a manner which would
have opened most men’s eyes. “ You sci-
entific people are always trying to see the
mathematical side of things,” she com-
plained, prettily, in a fashion calculated to
bring contrition at once. “ Isn’t there
something about the mellowness of that
light which — well, which stirs thoughts
other than — other than everyday
thoughts?”

  He longed for a telescope. “ Looks nor-
mal enough to me,” he admitted, sorry he
could not see what she saw; he never liked
to disagree with people. “ As for her light
—it isn’t hers at all, of course.”

  Catherine pretended ignorance. “ Whose
light is it, then?”

   “ The sun’s, reflected,” said the scientist.
“ That’s why it doesn’t amount to much.
Why, it would take half a million such
204

ALL-STORY WEEKLY,

moons to equal the sunlight. At least,
something very close to that figure,” he
added, uncomfortably.

  Catherine sighed again, and Philip real-
ized that he had not said the right thing.
He was used to that feeling, however, and
simply waited for the next test of his pain-
fully limited conversational powers.

  Catherine had a notion to change the
subject entirely, then thought better of it.
“ I wonder why poets often rave about the
‘ cold beauty of the moon ’?” she mused.
“ There’s nothing cold about her appear-
ance now.” She settled herself more com-
fortably in the narrow settee, so that Philip
was made freshly aware of her nearness.

  “ Nor is she cold,” he declared. “ The
moon is always a pretty warm place wher-
ever the sun shines on her. No wonder;
her day is fourteen times as long as ours.”
He reminded Catherine that the moon al-
ways kept the same face toward the earth,
and added that this peculiarity was due to
the great gravitational pull of the bigger
globe.

  Catherine opened her eyes wide, then
closed them swiftly as she saw her chance.
“ She has nights fourteen days long? What
a pity she has no moon! ”

  “ Oh, but she has,” returned the agree-
able man of science. “ The earth is the
moon’s moon, Mrs. Brett, and a mighty
efficient one. Four or five times as big, you
know.”

  “ Then,” she went on, with studied art-
lessness, “ it would be perfectly grand to
sit in a conservatory like this, somewhere
on the moon. Just think of a night as long
as that, and watching the moon with—
with—” She stopped, as though in great
embarrassment.

  Philip looked at her in perplexity. Not
once did it occur to him that anybody could
desire his company any longer than half an
hour. He thought of something quite dif-
ferent.

  “ A conservatory like this on the moon?”
he chided gently. “ My dear Mrs. Brett,
there can be no plant life of any kind there.
No air or water; besides, the temperature
drops down to the absolute zero, during
the long night.” He was on the point of
telling her just how cold the nights became,

but could not trust his memory for the
figure.

  Once more Catherine let silence have its
way for a whik, and Philip had just about
brought his mind back to the electrical
problem he had been trying to solve when
she broke in with:

  “ Just the same, I think the moon has a
wonderful influence. I know I simply can-
not watch her without feeling—oh, differ-
ent! “I want to do unconventional things! ”
she finished daringly.

  “ Eh?” The engineer’s mind collected
what she had said. “ Oh, I don’t see why
you should be so affected, Mrs. Brett. This
astrological nonsense has no basis in fact.
The only influence the moon has upon the
earth is in causing our tides.”

  “ Tieds?” wondered Catherine, as though
shocked. But Philip did not sense the pun.
He gave a short and, to him, wofully inac-
curate explanation of the tidal action.

  This time Catherine did not let so much
time elapse. “ I wonder why the ancients
used to call the moon ‘ luna ’?” she mur-
mured pensively.

  “ Why, I can’t say,” he said regretfully.
“ ‘ Luna ’—Latin word, I suppose.” He
frowned. “ Maybe it’s from the same root
as ‘ lunatic.’ Guess it is.”

  She clapped her hands lightly. “ And
yet you say that the moon can have no
effect upon us!” she laughed delightedly,
tantalizingly. “ Although the ancients must
have considered that the moon was to blame
for everything foolish that happened!”

  He pondered this seriously, so seriously
that Catherine said, as lightly as she could:
“ Hasn’t the moon ever inspired you to
recklessness, Mr. Foster?”

  Instantly his face lighted up. “ Oh, my,
yes! I’ve had any number of ideas about
the moon. For instance—” He stopped,
remembering that he was not talking to
Bates. But Catherine, taking care not to
appear too eager, urged him to go on.

  “ Well, this is it: Go to the moon and
build a large, air-tight hotel. Nothing like
this conservatory; more like an office build-
ing. Would have to carry all the water
from the earth, but that is only a detail.
Oh, yes,” answering Catherine’s questioning
look; “ there’s more than one way to travel
THE MAN IN THE MOON.

205

to the moon. Merely a question of controll-
ing the right kind of power.

  “ Having the hotel, I’d advertise a novel-
ty such as the world couldn’t resist. ‘ Go
to the moon and view the full earth.’
Ought to make a hit with some of these
wealthy time-killers.”

  He kept right on, forgetting that the
woman at his side was herself one of the
despised “ time-killers.” “ But the main at-
traction would be the difference in gravity.”
He briefly explained how the moon’s smaller
mass produced only one-sixth the gravita-
tional force of the earth. “ Fancy advertis-
ing an indoor Derby: ‘ Come and see Joe
Dillon trot a mile in thirty seconds.’ Or,
‘ Watch Annie Kellerman dive five hundred
feet into six feet of water.’ All quite feasi-
ble, you know, Mrs. Brett.

  “I’d charge ten thousand dollars for the
trip, including forty-eight hours’ accommo-
dations, and get rich in a year!”

  Catherine had all she could do to resist
his enthusiasm. Instead, she commented:
“ You must be pretty anxious to get rich!”
He became acutely self-conscious. He
made some lame reply, and Catherine Brett
came to a conclusion which was not at all
unwarranted under the circumstances.

  As she rose to her feet, she took his arm
and gave it a friendly squeeze, glancing up
at him in a knowing way which left him
badly puzzled. For this is what she was
thinking:

  “ He wants to get rich so that he can
match my million!”

CHAPTER III.

WANTED-A MONUMENT.

AMONG the late Mr. Brett’s business
associates was one who easily out-
classed all the rest. He was a tan-
ner, the leader of the Western world in his
line, and the practical dictator of the Pacific
hide trade. He became enormously rich
during the war, through combining with
other tanners to secure hides at rock-bot-
tom prices, on the one hand, and selling
the product at utterly unreasonable prices
on the other.'

So it is not really necessary to tell a

name so well known. David Sulzman is
not likely to be forgotten in a hurry.

  And Catherine thought of him the very
next day after, as she thought, she had
divined Philip’s ambition. She recalled cer-
tain things she had heard Mr. Brett say
of the aged tanner, and she lost no time.

  As a consequence, David Sulzman came
to San Francisco one morning, stepping
from the San Jose train just like some com-
muter. He was entirely without attendants,
which was his invariable custom; and most
people would have taken him for some high-
ly respectable but not very successful law-
yer of the old school.

  For David Sulzman, then in his eighties,
was not like other men of great wealth.
He never even indulged in an automobile,
although such a machine would often have
been of the greatest service to him. “ Can’t
afford it,” he would say, in his low, pleas-
ant, perfectly steady voice.

  But this does not mean that David Sulz-
man was stingy. Whatever he had was of
the best; his thirty-dollar shoes were made
especially to fit a pair of oddly shaped feet;
he wore nothing but the finest of black
broadcloth.

  Yet his shoes were repaired with the
utmost care, as long as they would hold
together; his broadcloth was worn until
it shone as brightly as his shoes. He did
not believe in using anything cheap, but
neither did he spend five cents without
getting full value. As to his generosity in
matters of charity, and other qualities of
a more intimate nature, they must be left
to others to describe. We are concerned
here with the man the world knew.

  He did not take a surface-car, much
less call a taxi. He walked from choice,
preferring to spend several dollars’ worth
of time in an exercise he valued very highly.
This, despite the fact that he required a
cane, and could move no faster than a
one-year-old child. When he reached the
Ballou Building, he was tired out, and glad
enough to resort to the elevator.

  “ Mr. Foster does not see callers except
by appointment,” he was told, in the en-
gineers’ reception-room. “ Mr. Bates will
doubtless be glad to see you, however.”

  He did not offer a card; he secretly hoped
206

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

he might be recognized. But the people
in the outer office were all of a younger
set, and none knew the rather striking face
of the old man, although his white chin-
whiskers, short, stubby, and “ Dutchy,”
ought to have stirred their memories. He
shook his head about Bates.

  “ I know the custom,” he said in his
peculiarly soft voice. “ However, it will
be necessary for me to see Mr. Foster. I
did not Viake an appointment, but merely
telephoned before I left San Jose, to make
sure that he would be here to-day.”

  So the old fellow was certain that Foster
would see him, mused a stenographer. Then
the word “ San Jose ” did the rest. “ You’re
David Sulzman!” she said with genuine
pleasure. And the old man was satisfied.

  As he expected, Philip was willing to see
him. The old man faced the younger
across a low, clay-filled modeling-table, at
which Philip had been working when the
millionaire entered. “ A relief map of the
Mount Lassen reservoir system,” explained
Philip, “ which we have just finished for
the Volcanic Steam Power people.”

  “ You seem to specialize on big things,”
remarked David Sulzman; then, as Philip
made no comment: “ I have come to the
right man.”

  “ The right firm,” protested the engi-
neer, with a smile. “ Bates is the man you
should talk to, really; although I am more
than glad to have met you.” His eyes went
back to the clay.

  David Sulzman merely made himself a
little more comfortable in his chair. “ Mr.
Bates may be a very clever man, and no
doubt is,” said he, with his deliberate gen-
tleness. “ But the thing I have in mind
requires something more than executive
ability. It will take originality of the high-
est possible order.”

  Philip waved a hand. “ Bates will tackle
anything under the sun,” he declared. “ He
tells me what is wanted, and I figure it out.”
Which was a good deal for Philip to ad-
mit to a stranger.

  “ Then what is the use of talking to Bates
first?” the millionaire wanted to know, not
a change coming to his voice. “ Besides,
in one sense this is a rather personal mat-
ter.

  “ I have come to you because Catherine
Brett requested me to do so.”

  Philip Foster forgot all about his model-
ing. He flushed deeply, sensitive fellow
that he was, and David Sulzman judged
that he might give Catherine an encouraging
word when he next saw her.

  “ To begin with, Mr. Foster,” said the
old man, not letting the engineer collect
words enough for a protest—“to begin with,

I must bother you by explaining my own
view-point. Otherwise you cannot be of
much help to me.

  “ You know, of course, that I have a
good deal of money. You ought to know,
too, that whatever truth there may be in
some of these magazine attacks on my busi-
ness methods, the fact remains that the
world has had a great deal more leather,
because of what I have done, than it would
have had otherwise.”

  “ I understand that,” Philip hurried to
comment. “ No thinking person underesti-
mates men of your stamp, Mr. Sulzman.”
But the millionaire was not looking for
appreciation. “ At the same time,” he went
on, “ I am not blind. I realize that the day ’
of the millionaire is almost past. What
w'ith income and other forms of taxation, it
is not the game it once was. Moreover,”
and no socialist could have stated this with
more conviction than the aged capitalist,

“ from now on, Mr. Foster, the world in-
tends to encourage the majority, not the
minority.

  “Now,” he became even more earnest,

“ many men of my station realize this as
fully as I do. They know that the future is
to see the rise of the working classes. They
know that progress must go on and on, until
people will one day positively forbid the
accumulation of large fortunes, for fear that
the welfare of the majority will be crippled
thereby.

  “ And most of my associates have given
in with as good grace as they possessed,
and to-day are helping in the education
drive, as well as other ways, to help lift
up the very class of people which they were
trying to keep down only a few years ago.
Yes,” he said, very surely, as Philip
made as though to protest; “ it is true. I
know—I tried to keep them down myself.
THE MAN IN THE MOON.

207

  “ But to-day it is different. As I say,
most of my class have turned to helping
the progressive movement, hoping in that
way to win the good opinion of the people.
A few of us are still bitter about it; you
can still read a few reactionary journals,
which even go so far as to urge slavery as
a solution of the labor problem.

   “ Personally,” said the millionaire, a little
sadly, “ I cannot look at the matter either
way. I am no longer young; I lack the
kind of fighting spirit that would be re-
quired to stop this new progress. Besides,
I cannot bring myself to it; I—”

  He stopped, and Philip gathered that it
was only the old man’s pride that had pre-
vented him from taking part in the great
interwelfare movement.

  He paused, as though resting, and after
a while went on: “ And yet, like any other
man of ambition, I am anxious to leave be-
hind me a name which will live as long as
possible. I cannot depend upon my chil-
dren to perpetuate my memory; the strain
may die out in another generation. Neither
can I expect my business to do it; the gov-
ernment will take it over, sooner or later,
and change the plant’s name into a mere
number.”

  He said this with no bitterness.

  “ Now, Mr. Foster, other men of wealth
have sought to immortalize themselves by
building libraries, founding colleges, and so
forth. They do not seem to realize that
a democracy can do anything it chooses
with such things, and if the people ever
come to believe that these millionaires did
more harm than good, their names will be
wiped out overnight.”

  Philip said: “ If all saw this matter as
clearly as I do, Mr. Sulzman, you would
need have no uneasiness.”

  “ That is precisely what I mean,” de-
clared the tanner. “ It is because I have
so little faith in the good sense of the people
that I have come to you.

  “ I want,” his voice rose for the first
time, so that Philip clearly saw what a
dominating figure David Sulzman must
have been when younger—" I want you,
Foster, to devise something which will re-
sist stupidity, which will guarantee that I
shall not be forgotten, come what may!

  “ I want you to do something which can-
not be undone, something which will for-
ever remind the world that David Sulzman
once lived in it! I give you carte blanche;
you shall have every cent I own, if need
be! The only thing I require of you is that
your work shall benefit the people, either
directly or indirectly.. Otherwise, the sky
is the limit!”

  “ You mean ”—Philip’s breath came fast,
and his eyes flashed—" you mean, Sulz-
man, that I am to go as far as I like? To
invent anything I choose, build what I think'
best, so long as it works for the interests
of the people in general and at the same
time guarantee that they ‘ shall not forget
who did it ’?”

  As suddenly as it had come, the old
man’s earnestness disappeared, leaving him
a little tired and almost cross. His voice
became the same as it had been w’hen he
entered.

  “ You can do anything you damned
please, Foster, within the law7 or outside it,
so long as you make the name of Sulzman
live!”

CHAPTER IV.

STARTING SOMETHING.

PHILIP jumped to his feet and went to
his drawing-table, where he leaned
over the board and began to kick the
legs of the table—his invariable habit when
anything especially interesting was on his
mind. He had forgotten that the million-
aire’s call was due to Catherine Brett, for-
gotten the understanding w’ith Bates. He
subconsciously realized that Sulzman’s gi-
gantic proposition was over Bates’s head,
anyhow.

  “ You’re just the man I’ve been wanting
to get in touch with,” he said suddenly and
with the bashful smile which only came
to his face when he felt thoroughly at home
with the smile. “ Fact is, Sulzman, al-
though Bates and I have pulled off some
pretty unusual stunts, we’ve never been able
to take hold of my really big ideas. And I
think I’ve got the one that ’11 fill your quali-
fications! ”

“ Could you make it clear to me now,
208

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

or would you rather wait until you have
turned the matter over in your mind a
while?” The aged millionaire might have
been referring to the purchase of a pair of
socks, for all the concern he showed. The
world will some day be told how David
Sulzman once cleared a hundred thousand
in ten minutes through his masterful ability
to handle large affairs in an unconcerned
manner.

   But Philip Foster was immensely excited.
“ I think I could do it right now! ’’—coming
back to his chair, sliding half-down into
the seat, stopping in this position for five
seconds, and then hopping back to the
drawing-table. “ That is, in general terms.
The details probably wouldn’t interest you,
anyway.”

   And within the next quarter-hour Philip
Foster had unfolded a scheme which sent
David Sulzman out of the office in such a
nonchalant, confident, jaunty mood that
any one who knew him intimately would
have declared: “ He’s just found out some-
thing that pleases him immensely.” But
those who sat in the train with him never
guessed that the old man with the quaint
goatee was already anticipating a dream
come true, a scheme which would immortal-
ize him, and by so doing influence the life
of every man, woman, and child on the

 •	earth.

   As for Philip, he went at once to his
partner. It will be remembered that Bates’s
campaign was a failure. Probably this tem-
pered his egotism; for instead of disputing
Philip’s action, he meekly agreed that the
hitherto silent partner had best handle the
whole thing alone.

   Within a week a new organization, known
as the Foster Construction Company, was
well under way. Arrangements were made
for receiving the products of nearly twenty
factories, products of a rather curious na-
ture, handled in such a way as to insure
very little talk. And mean time superin-
tendents and foremen of exceptional ability
were secured by the offer of extraordinary
salaries, while a veritable army of skilled
laborers was recruited in the same way.

   Philip went to see Catherine a few days
after David Sulzman’s call. He thanked
her formally for what she had done.

  “ You will have to take the credit, or
the blame,” he said, with his diffident smile,
“ for whatever we do, Sulzman and I.
YoU’ve thrown two men together who have
the same potential ability for getting re-
sults as nitric acid and glycerin! ”

  She realized that this was quite a speech,
for Philip, and more than half suspected
that it was rehearsed—which happened to
be true. But she said, with just the right
amount of shyness:

  “ I couldn’t forget what you told me the
other night when we were talking about
the moon. About—about your wanting to
get rich, you know.”

  Philip looked up, startled. Ever since
Sulzman’s advent Philip had given no
thought to the other ambition.

  “ You’re wonderfully—” He stammered
at a loss whether to say'“ thoughtful ” or
“ solicitous.”

  Catherine’s face became radiant, and she
swayed nearer to him.

  “ Why shouldn’t 1 be?” she murmured,
her eyes fixed on his. Next instant she
turned away, as though aghast at her dar-
ing; so she never saw the bewilderment on
Philip’s face. A moment later, greatly to
her disappointment, he said he would have
to say good-by.

  “ Going to be an outside man now, for a
few months,” he told her. His enthusiasm
mounted rapidly, and he smiled almost con-
tinually as he spoke of the trip he expected
to make—an airplane flight to Ecuador,
to begin the next morning. “ Expect to
reach Quito at twelve thirty-five the next
afternoon,” said he, happily. “ Send you
some photos.”

  She held his gaze for a second before re-
marking very quietly: “ Aren’t you going to
leave one of yourself?”

  “ Why ”—a little flattered—“if you like;
I’ll put it in the mail as soon as I get back
to my quarters.” He moved toward the
door; then, his laggard memory finally
wrenching an item from his unused stock
of small talk, he stopped short. “ Have
you a picture of yourself which I might
have?” Unconsciously he made the request
seem urgent.

  Catherine kept her face averted, for fear
it might give her away. She found a small,
THE MAN IN THE MOON.

209

 semiformal photo which emphasized the ap-
 peal in her eyes, rather than the beauty of
 her face. He took it from her with ex-
 travagant thanks.

   And it was in just this mood that Philip
 went to the door. Catherine accompanied
 him thoughtfully; and as he looked back
 at her for what he knew would be the last
 time in several months, there came over
 him exactly the same feeling he would have
 known if, after several weeks of helpless-
 ness in a hospital, he were told that he
 would get well.

   In his joy and excitement he would feel
 like hugging the nurse, in whose company
 he had been fearfully embarrassed before.
 And to-night he was jubilant, jubilant as a
 boy on Fourth of July morning; the fact
 that the “ nurse ” was a beautiful young
 woman of great wealth did not alter the
 case. Just as the man who is usually at
 ease becomes agitated when a real crisis
 arises, Philip Foster, ordinarily as shy and
 , awkward - as an adolescent girl, became
 perfectly at ease when the great moment
 came. '

   And yet, if Catherine had taken leave
 of him in a sad or pensive mood, he would
 not have done it. It was largely because
 she smiled up brightly at him in her effort
 to hid^ her feelings, that his exuberance
 reached the overflowing point.

   “Well—see you in October then!” he
 exclaimed, as they clasped hands; and then,
 to her. utter amazement, he swept her into
 his arms and gave her a boisterous kiss!

CHAPTER V.

THE MOON BACKSLIDES.

 OF course, Philip was thunderstruck at
 his presumption, as soon as he had
 left the house. He wrote a ’Very
 contrite note to accompany the photo he
 had promised, adding: “ I hope you do not
 consign this to the ash-barrel because of
 my folly last night.” Then, confident that
 he had dealt with the case in the most ap-
 proved manner, he completely forgot about
 it.

   Two days later found him, as he had said
 to Catherine, descending from the Inter-

    3	A-S

continental Aerial Stage landing at Quito.
He spent several days in this place, getting
in touch with the various factors of his
enterprise"

  Before he left for the interior, the first
shipment of supplies, still m their original
cars, arrived via the Pacific Submarine
Freight Company’s service and the Quito-
to-the-Sea Tunnel.

  Philip and his associates at once pro-
ceeded with the construction of a railroad,
using the most up-to-date apparatus in the
work and employing a gang to every half-
mile; with the result that two months after
the first shovelful was scooped, a complete
equipment of rolling stock was plying over
the three-hundred-mile stretch of line which
lay roughly southeast of the capital.

  Meanwhile buildings had been put up for
men and machines; and by that time Philip
was hard at work in Peru, putting the fin-
ishing-touches on a huge electric power
plant high in the Andes. In all of this, the
vast wealth of David Sulzman figured con-
spicuously, breaking down all governmental
interference and securing real cooperation.
There were no serious delays.

  Philip had been away just five months
when a peculiar thing happened, or, rather,
began to happen. The general public was
the last to notice it; the astronomers were
the first, followed closely by the navigators,
surveyors and others who had occasion to
watch the heavens with any degree of ac-
curacy. It is said that some of the old
seafaring men along the water-fronts,
watching the tides, noticed it before any-
body else; but that is unlikely. What hap-
pened is this:

  The moon began to slow up. The month
began to lengthen. The almanacs all fell
into disrepute; for, instead of rising fifty-
one minutes later each night, as had been
the satellite’s average, she now lagged be-
hind this figure until, after a week, her
average was over fifty-two minutes!

  A small matter, apparently; but to any
one who knows how mathematically precise
are all the movements of the heavenly bod-
ies, the thing was simply terrific. In every
observatory, all other investigations were
dropped entirely in order that the whole
staff might observe the new phenomenon.
210

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

The moon, which for untold ages and with
unfailing regularity had circled the earth
once every twenty-seven days, was actually
slowing down before their eyes!

  The public had scarcely done with dis-
cussing this mystery before there came an
announcement which almost eclipsed the
first one. It ran:

  “ It has been observed, in all parts of the
world, that the daily revolution of the earth
itself is changing. Instead of twenty-four
hours, our day is now twenty-three hours,
fifty-nine minutes and fifty-eight seconds
long!”

  This did not seem possible. Could it be
that Mother Earth, who had not been
known to vary the thousandth part of a
second in the regularity of her spinning, had
really begun to speed up a bit in her old
days? It took a long time for most people
to accept this; until, in fact, a few depend-
able citizens had had a chance to watch
a few dependable clocks. It was true;
the day was shortening.

  But the next thing -to attract attention
was noticed first of all by a class of people
who seldom pay much attention to scientific
affairs. The folks here meant usually go
by the name of “ spooners.”

  “ Honey—how big the moon seems to-
night!” was the way the convention had
started among these people for ages and
ages. Now, it came to have a new meaning.
The moon certainly did look big.

  “ It’s due to an optical illusion, deary,”
was the usual explanation, such as had been
given from all time. “ If there were no
objects on the earth between the moon
and you, sweetheart, it wouldn’t look so
big.”

  But as night after night passed and the
satellite seemed to grow very slightly larger
each time, there came a time when every-
body on the earth was aware of the new
marvel. Shortly there came a third an-
nouncement from the authorities, an an-
nouncement somewhat delayed as a matter
of policy.

  “ Let no one be alarmed,” was this state-
ment; “ but the fact is that while the
moon’s speed has been decreasing, her dis-
tance from the earth has also been reduced.

  “ She is now twenty thousand miles

nearer the earth than she has ever been be-
fore. She is falling toward us at the rate
of a thousand miles a day!”

CHAPTER VI.

THE WORLD AWAKES.

THE next three months were the most
extraordinary since the deluge. Never
before had the world been threat-
ened as it was now threatened. For, un-
less something happened to stop the moon
before she fell the rest of the way to the
earth, most certainly the entire globe, to-
gether with every living thing upon it, was
doomed to absolute annihilation.

  “Do not get excited!” the authorities
cautioned, again and again, as soon as the
announcement had been made. “ We will
soon discover the cause of this mystery, and
then doubtless be able to remedy matters.
Keep cool!”

  But it did no good. Wherever there was
a mind with imagination enough to see
what this thing really meant, there also was
fear. It was impossible to keep up courage
in the face of that ever-nearing satellite,
unless one had an especially strong mind.
And those whose minds were strong did
their best to forget their own fears, by try-
ing to quiet those of others.

  The only thing had helped was religion.
Everywhere the churches were crowded to
the doors; services were held every day,
all day long. Vast crowds gathered on the
mountain-tops, like the worshipers of old,
and madly prayed to God to prevent the
disaster. Every soul on earth was searched
to its depths by the approaching catas-
trophe.

  Out of all that wild period there emerge
two facts which need to be recorded. One is
the Second Ark, a tremendous antigravita-
tional machine built by a Syrian named
Ben Malik.

  “This is the end of the world!”‘Ben
Malik proclaimed, like Noah had done thou-
sands of years before. The Syrian went to
prodigious expense to get publicity. “ Out
of the earth’s billions I shall be able to save
one hundred. A hundred, no more, may
escape the anger of God. Let the devout
THE MAN IN THE MOON.

211

assemble and examine themselves, that the
fittest of them all may survive, to start life
again on some other world!”

   People flocked to this call. For weeks
the self-examination went on, until nearly
half a billion of the less intelligent peoples
of the globe had gone through a winnowing
process which left just a thousand—half
men and half women—who were adjudged
equally competent to represent the human
race.

  Ben Malik himself was not among them;
he was a cripple. And for lack of any bet-
ter method of picking the final hundred,
the Syrian decided to leave it to chance.
“ The Lottery of the Lord,” it was called.

  But Ben Malik wanted to make sure.
His was one soul in millions; not only
was he willing to stay behind in order that
a better man might take his place, but he
felt constrained to give his Ark a trial trij^
before the great event took place.

   The trial failed. The Ark, a hastily con-
structed affair, rose to a height of fifty miles
and then broke under the strain of its own.
machinery. It and Ben Malik were totally
destroyed.

   The other great result of that wonderful
period was the political revival. Obviously
the swift approach of the moon meant that
in a few weeks there would be no such
thing as political parties, no such thing as
social caste, no such thing as capital and
labor. On Friday, the 27 th of October, ig-
norance and wisdom alike were to perish,
culture and rudeness were to be no more,
poverty and wealth to come to an eternal
end!

  And it did not take the world long to
see this. As always, the people of the
thinking middle classes were the first to
state the situation.

   “ Let us forget our differences,” was the
upshot of what they said. “ There is noth-
ing to be gained by contention now; the
27th of October will reduce us to a com-
mon level.

  “ Let us make the remaining days as
agreeable as possible.”

  Of course, there were many who took
this as a license. Among this class, the
last few weeks were spent in rioting and
licentiousness which went past anything the

world had ever known before. No attempt
was made to stop these persons; law and
order were enforced only when the safety
of other people was endangered.

   But the great majority of folks saw the
thing more seriously. They saw that not
one of them could escape the calamity; in
those days there was but one known method
of getting away from the earth, and that
was the method used by Ben Malik, who
had scoured the globe to get enough of a
certain element to make his single ill-fated
attempt.

  And so it came about that because it
did no good whatever to think of self first,
men began to think of others. Only a few
weeks till the end of all things! Very well;
why not make those few weeks devoid of
misery? Why not fill them with happiness,
so that when the end should come, it would
find men with at least some agreeable
memories to take with them.

. It was a marvelous thought. Partly, it
originated in the churches; partly with the
socialists.' And before long mankind was
gazing upon itself in amazement.

  For the earth was transformed. Where
before there had been terrible poverty, even
in the most enlightened countries, now
every effort was made to relieve all suffer-
ing. Great hoards of foodstuffs, held for
speculation by profiteers, were distributed
overnight to the needy. The same with
clothing, building materials, fuel and, final-
ly, luxuries. If all was to be destroyed,
why not make use of it first?

   For the first time in history thrift did
not pay. No one could gain by “ putting
something by.” The aim now was to spend,
spend for the good and the wholesome,
spend for experiences which would leave
pleasant memories. Memories! That was
what was wanted! Memories which would
make the next world worth while!

  Couples who had been postponing mar-
riage “ until there’s money in the bank,”
got married at once, finding an infinite sat-
isfaction in knowing that the next world
would not be a lonesome place.

   People of wealth, who formerly had kept
aloof from those less fortunate, who had
been enjoying their station in life as selfishly
as they knew how—such people suddenly
212

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

found themselves longing for something
more substantial than memories of extrava-
gance. Instead—

  They began to find rare pleasure in help-
ing those who needed help. They became
eager in their efforts to give happiness.
Shortly men and women of vast wealth
turned their magnificent homes over to
those who, because of misfortune and weak-
ness, had known nothing better than tene-
ments.

  And a time came when people who had
previously thought nothing of keeping half
a hundred people from useful industry in
order that their mansions might be “ proper-
ly served ”—a time came when these mil-
lionaires fought hysterically among them-
selves for the privilege of service, for the
chance to make some one happy for a few
hours.

  And another class of people who, before,
had gone aobut their work in a sullen spirit,
convinced that their employers were rob-
bers, were amazed to find a wonderful satis:
faction in working as they had never worked
before. They took vast pride in careful
workmanship, got vast satisfaction from a
consciousness of service rendered well. The
end should find them on the job!

  Memories! Memories of work well done,
of something accomplished for the welfare
of others. Memories of the blissful look
that came to the face of one who had been
presented with a right long withheld. Above
all, the knowledge of having done some-
thing at last to right the fearful injustice
of the world!

CHAPTER VII.

MADE IN AMERICA.

PHILIP FOSTER had been away about
eight months when, quite unexpected-
ly, he returned. He brought with him
certain Intercontinental officials whose
names need not enter this account, officials
who had been invited to the plant in Ecua-
dor. Philip did not go home at all; he
merely sent Catherine an aerogram, and
proceeded straight to Washington.

  On the same day, and for the first time,
newspapermen were permitted on the

grounds of the Foster Construction Com-
pany’s plant. They found that the word
“ grounds ” scarcely did the place justice;

“ tract ” would have been more accurate;
for there were about fifty square miles of
the wildest mountain territory, all carefully
guarded by several companies of aerial and
ground patrols.

  These reporters immediately transmitted
their negatives by the Pacific Wireless
Photography Service to the League of Na-
tions Daily Screen News, who distributed
the films to all parts of the earth by plane;
so that Philip’s little speech was flashed
before the public in several million talking-
picture theaters, at the same time the re-
porters’ material was released.

  “ Friends and fellow citizens of the
earth,” began the engineer, using the En-
glish language, at that time the nearest ap-
proach to a universal tongue, “ in behalf
of my associate, David Sulzman, I wish to
explain the thing that has worried us so
long, and then get your judgment as to our
future course of action.

   “ As I need not tell you, the moon, which
has been dropping toward the earth for the
past three months, came to a halt night
before last, and has since showed no mo-
tion whatever. We seem to be in no dan-
ger now of that collision.

  “ At the same time —and here a photo
of the moon took the speaker’s place on
the screen, while his voice went on—“ at
the same time, the moon has entirely ceased
her former monthly trips around the earth.
And our day has been decreased to some-
thing like twenty-two hours.

  “ Now, be patient with me, but I’ve got
to remind you that the moon, when she
finally did come to a stop, did so on the
side of the earth opposite from the sun.
That is to say, we now see the moon each
and every night; she rises when the sun
goes down, and does not set till the sun rises
again eleven hours later.”

  Philip need not have apologized; people
never grew tired of hearing this incredible
fact put into words. He hurried on:

  “ As a result, the whole world now en-
joys full moon every night. Only, com-
pared to what we used to call full moon,
she’s a supermoon now.
THE MAN IN THE MOON.

213

  “ To-night the moon is only a tenth as
far away as she used to be.” And the screen
showed a small landscape of a part of the
earth, with the satellite in the background.
A hundred times the size she had been three
months before, the moon was now an enor-
mous, shining globe of tremendous bril-
liance and beauty, seemingly near enough
to be touched with the fingers. She occu-
pied a space larger than the bowl of the
Great Dipper.

  “ If it were not for the fear she has
aroused,” continued the man of science,
“ we’d appreciate her more. The moon now
lights our nights for us as they’ve never
been lit before. We don’t need artificial
lights now, except for very special purposes;
our country roads are as bright as our
streets ever were; our streets brighter than
any cafe.

  “ At the same time the moon has caused
our tides to become immensely higher, and
our ocean waves much greater: This has
compelled some of our seacoast towns to
rebuild extensively. On the other hand, it
has enormously increased the output of our
wave-motor system, so that we are now able
to dispense with wood, coal, and petroleum
entirely. In short, the moon has made us
a present of enough power to turn every
wheel in existence; and for all practical pur-
poses, she has abolished night.”

  He made only brief mention of the great
religious and social revivals, and their con-
sequences. Not that Philip Foster was out
of sympathy; instead, he was tremendously
glad to see justice brought about as it had
been. He was before the people merely
as an engineer, and as an engineer he talked
on.

  Then came the sensation. The films
which had been sent from Ecuador were
shown. And for the first time the world
learned what the secrecy-shrouded enter-
prise had been.

  The most important of the great group of
buildings which comprised the company’s
plant was a giant, dome-shaped structure,
exactly like an observatory on a mammoth
scale. Within it, and visible through an
open slot, stood a colossal telescope. That
is, it appeared to be a telescope, until its
nature was revealed.

  “ This,” it was explained, “ is a device for
projecting large quantities of radioactive
elements to a distance. It is operated by
means of electrical current taken from a hy-
draulic plant in Peru, and is capable of
exerting terrific force.”

  As this was said, the “ telescope ” was
slowly brought to the horizontal, and
trained upon a range of peaks several miles
away. The scene was next shifted to this
range.

  “ A small amount of power will now be
released,” went on the explanation.

“ Watch closely the rocks on the top of the
nearest peak.” This was about a quarter
of a mile away.

  Next moment a wonderful thing occurred.

A very large boulder, apparently of granite
and weighing many hundreds of tons, was
slowly toppled over by some invisible force;
so that in a moment it was rolling and
tumbling, end over end, down the side of
the peak.

  “ The power-plant is located opposite the
camera.” As'this was said more boulders
were dislodged and sent flying down-hill,
until the air was thick with rock-dust.
There w7as a slight wait till this had set-
tled; then came the finishing touch.

  “ Watch the entire peak this time.”

  At first nothing could be seen. Nothing
appeared to be happening. Then, very
slowly indeed, a change occurred in the out-
line of the mountain. Another moment,
and one could see that its upper half was
shifting. Before tw'o minutes w'ere up, the ,
entire top of the peak had moved out of
place among its fellows, so that it finally
stood with one edge overhanging a deep
chasm.

  And then, while millions of people gasped
in amazement, that whole vast mass of gran-
ite was tipped up, up and over, until it
toppled inertly into what had been the
canon. At the same time there was a
sharp earthquake, which was noted by seis-
mographs in all part of the globe.

  Then came a quick “ flash ” back to the
ray-projector, where a streak of blinding
white light, about two hundred yards long,
was now being emitted from its orifice. As
the picture came to an end, the light began
to subside very slowly.
214

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  The voice and figure of Philip Foster
came back to the screen. “ I suppose
you’ve guessed it now,” said he, with a re-
turn of his diffident smile. “ The Foster
Construction Company is responsible for the
moon’s backsliding!

  “ Every day for the past several months,
when the moon had passed the meridian,
we have been playing these rays upon her
western, or left-hand, edge. You will un-
derstand that the left edge of the moon is
her ‘ front,’ with respect to her motion in
space. Well, for six hours daily that ‘ tele-
scope ’ has been pushing with all its might!

  “ That’s why the moon has come to a
stop, and why the earth has come to revolve
faster. By turning on this power very grad-
ually each day, and, turning it off just as
slowly when the moon had set, we’ve been
able to use Ecuador as a fulcrum without
the knowledge of any one else on the earth.”
It was not until then that the supreme
audacity of the thing seemed to dawn upon
the scientist. His face changed, and a cer-
tain amount of determination came into it
as he finished.

  “ Ever since the moon fell to its present
distance of twenty-four thousand miles, the
projector has been trained upon the center
of her disk, instead of upon her western
edge. In this way the moon has been pre-
vented from falling any nearer—the whole
matter has been calculated with extreme
care, of course—and so long as our supply
of certain chemicals holds out, we can keep
the moon just where she is. I may add
that we have a duplicate equipment to
guard against accident.

  “ Now, the future is up to you, people.
The company can keep the moon in its pres-
ent position for a year. Or, it can proceed
to undo what has been done, and restore
the moon to exactly its former position and
speed. In either case, the world’s entire
supply of the necessary materials will be
used up in the process.”

  He waited a moment before going on.
In the mean time, the feelings of those who
were watching and listening, can best be
imagined. What a choice he was offering!

  “ However,” he continued, now smiling
broadly, “ there is a third alternative. It
is this:

  “ That suitable sky-cars, already com-
pleted and thoroughly tried out, be sent
with men and materials at once to the
moon’s surface. And once there, this
equipment would proceed to make the
moon’s present position permanent.

  “ It would be done by means of miniature
projectors, using— However, these details
are a little intricate. You will find them
discussed in a pamphlet the company is
issuing. You may take my word for it that
the method will succeed.

  “ So there you are. Either we (i) keep
the moon on the job as a curiosity for
about a year, and then let the smash come,
or (2), we push her back where she used
to be right away, or (3), make a real job of
it, and keep her where she is as long as
she’ll stay!

  “ Take your choice! I thank you!”

CHAPTER VIII.

THE MAN—

CATHERINE had had plenty of time
to think it over. Philip’s lack of re-
sponse to her letters bore out her sus-
picions, first aroused by his note apologizing
for having kissed her. By the time Cather-
ine had recovered from the astonishment
of Philip’s announcement to the world, she
had resolved to match boldness with bold-
ness. She would demonstrate her worthi-
ness by being as audacious, in her own
sphere, as he had been in the realm of
science.

  Once more the considerate reader must
remember her theory of love and marriage;
she was confident that ardor would come
out of such a rationally made union. And
she made her plans in all sincerity, sure
that nothing but good would come from it
all.

  When Philip reached California he pro-
ceeded to call at once upon all whom he
felt he should see. He made out a list in
his methodical way, mapping his route so
as to make every minute count. His one
idea was to get it over, so that his time
might afterward be occupied with some-
thing more valuable than social obligations.

  He had figured that eight minutes, pos-
THE MAN IN THE MOON.

215

sibly seven and a half, would elapse be-
tween leaving and reentering his plane at
the Brett home. As he ran up the steps he
was already estimating the amount of time
probably necessary for the next call. In
each case he had taken pains to make sure
that the person he wished to see would
be at home at that particular hour.

  But he suspected nothing whatever when,
as he was announced at the Brett drawing-
room, he found the place already nearly
filled with callers. He never did know that
an impromptu tea had been hastily ar-
ranged. He only wondered that Catherine
should have so many callers so early in the
afternoon.

  He stood, embarrassed as usual, looking
over the people before him. There was a
small knot of women in the further corner.
The butler spoke his name; and with re-
markable speed the knot untangled, reveal-
ing Catherine herself at the center of the
snarl.

  She gazed at the returned hero as though
she were entranced. She stood there for
exactly the right length of time to get every-
body’s attention; then, her face changed,
she gave an enraptured gasp, and in half
a second had crossed that room, as it
seemed, on wings.

  Just in front of Philip she paused, for
the briefest possible instant, peering at him
as though to make sure her eyes were not
deceiving her. Then she gave a tiny, happy,
hysterical laugh, and swayed suddenly
toward him. He involuntarily thrust out
his arms; the fixed smile was still on his
face.

  And then her arms were about his neck,
and his about her shoulders. The scientist
had no time, no warning, no chance.

  “ Phil, my dear! ” cried Catherine Brett.

  Of course, it is all old news now, but it’s
a bona fide part of this account and there-
fore must be mentioned. By this is meant
the remarkable end of the whole Foster-
Sulzman scheme.

  In one way or another the people of the
world managed to express their choice of the
three alternatives Philip had named. In
the more advanced countries the thing was
done by direct vote of the citizens them-

  selves. In others, where the majority were
not capable of forming an opinion, it was
done for them by their representatives,
whether political or ecclesiastical.

  And when it is remembered that the
moon’s previous position and motions had
had a very definite influence upon religious
history in some lands, it is really remark-
able that there was not more opposition
than did develop. However, even the
Brahmans finally came to see that the
masses would be greatly benefited by the
electrical power which the moon’s new loca-
tion would insure. Practically the whole
world agreed to making the “ new moon,”
as it was called, a permanent institution.

  Consequently Philip and his associates,
after remaining in the United States about
two weeks, returned to their plant with the
League of Nations itself backing their work.
However, those two weeks were extremely
significant ones.

  Philip was daily in Catherine’s company.
He had, of course, felt obliged to go through
■with the thing according to Catherine’s lead.
His disposition would not allow anything
else.

  She had explained her theory; he had
been unwilling to argue about it. And one
day he found himself asking her to fix the
day, quite without knowing that she had
manipulated the conversation so as to make
him do it.

  They were to be married as soon as he
came back from the moon. This was set-
tled a week before he started. And during
that last week the scientist looked at the
matter just as cold-bloodedly as Catherine
had looked at it some time before.
v He saw that Catherine Brett was as un-
like himself as any one could possibly be.
At first he argued that “ opposites attract ”;
then he began to look for some one point
on which they could agree, a sort of home
base, to which they could fly in case of
differences.

  There didn’t seem to be any. Neither
he nor Catherine was in love with any one
thing. Even in love of country they dif-
fered; for while Catherine was an orthodox
American, Philip was an internationalist, as
might be expected in a man of his type of
mind.
216

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  As for simple, elemental, animal attrac-
tion—even Catherine was obliged to admit
that as yet she didn’t care for Philip’s em-
braces more than, say, her brother’s. She
may have been right in insisting that all
this would come in time; but Philip con-
tinued to look for “ something to hitch to.”
And he couldn’t find it.

  On the other hand, he found plenty of
real obstacles; Catherine liked poodles; he,
Philip, loved children. Also he was pas-
sionately addicted to trap-shooting, and
very apt to get up at two o’clock in the
morning, during the winter, in order to slay
ducks. And for this kind of insanity Cath-
erine had an absolute horror; she had had
a relative hurt in a hunting accident, and
she would certainly worry every minute.

  In petty matters—which often loom pret-
ty large—there were more objections. Philip
was inclined to be stout, and liked to have
the house warmed to precisely sixty-eight
degrees or lower. Catherine, being slender,
required a temperature about six degrees
higher. Moreover—don’t laugh; this is
deadly serious—Philip was a great lover of
the photoplay, which Catherine simply
could not tolerate.

  Of course they respected one another.
Philip stood in awe of Catherine’s social
prestige and business acumen, while she
fairly worshiped his profession. But Philip
did not agree that Catherine, in throwing
herself into his arms, had thereby matched
his own boldness.

  “ What you did was old, old stuff,” he
might have told her had he been conceited
enough, which he wasn’t. “ What I did
was absolutely new.”

  But Philip never realized what a terrific
effort it cost Catherine to make her actions
appear natural on that occasion. Only a
woman could appreciate that supreme play.

  And only a man could comprehend to the
full the mental and moral agony the man
went through before he finally began the
moon’s transfer.

  So neither understood the other. And
the great difference between them can best
be stated by simply remarking this: that,
whereas, Catherine was not aware that she
did not fully appreciate Philip’s feat, yet
he plainly saw that he could never properly

  value hers. It was the old, old distinction
between the mind that has ceased to expand,
and the mind that is ever expanding.

CHAPTER IX.

—IN THE MOON.

IT was done. Nearly half the moon was
gone—the half the world had never seen,
and now was never to see. It was blown
into space by the steady pressure of what
are now known as “ Foster’s rays.” At
times the cloud of powdered rock-dust was
clearly visible from the earth as the mate-
rial was ejected from the surface.

  Tt is only necessary here to add that the
insignificant gravitation of the moon was
not enough to pull any of this dust back
to the surface. It was hurtled into the
void, never to return.

  In this way, just as Philip had outlined,
the mass of the moon was decreased to the
exact point where the sun’s pull, added to
that of the earth, amounted to just enough
to keep the moon in place. As we look up
at the immense disk above us to-night—al-
ways there, night after night, turning what
once was blackness into continuous twilight
—as we look up at her, we take it for
granted that she will always look just like
that; that she will forever continue to circle
the sun, instead of the earth. The younger
generation will find it hard to believe that
she was once a pitifully small object, giving
only a hundredth part of the light she now
gives.

  Of course she is only half a moon now,
as a result of what Philip and his associates
accomplished. But the half that is left is
the half which people have always seen.

  Perhaps it should be mentioned that mini-
ature projectors were used to propel the
heat-and-cold-proof sky-cars through space.
Buoyed up on those irresistible rays of in-
visible force, the vast loads of men, ma-
chines, and materials necessary for the work
were transported quite without difficulty.
In fact, up to the very last day the whole
enterprise was carried off without any loss
of life, and with only a few trifling acci-
dents. That made the last day’s record
even more of a shock to the world.
THE MAN IN THE MOON.

217

  For, upon the return of the last sky-car
to the earth, people were startled beyond
measure to learn that Philip Foster himself
had lost his life just as the work was being
completed.

  “ He left the sky-car, dressed as usual
in a protective, insulated suit, taking
enough oxygen to last over an hour.” So
ran the official report of the superintendent,
who immediately wired a copy to Catherine.
“ He said he intended to take pictures of
a near-by crater before its destruction.

  “ No one saw fit to watch his actions. He
was out of sight for perhaps half an hour;
then some one saw him on the edge of the
crater taking photos. He again disap-
peared. It was thought that he was return-
ing to the sky-car as he knew that the crater
was next in line for the projecting crew.

  “ But just as the men were sweeping the
rays in that direction three men in the sky-
car plainly saw Mr. Foster standing mo-
tionless half-way down the inner slope of
the crater, out of sight of the workers. There
was no mistaking his suit; it was different
from the others. And before the three men
could warn the crew, the crater was wiped
off the moon.

  “ Mr. Foster probably did not suffer, for
the reason that the shock of the rays would
certainly have caused concussion of the
brain. A thorough search of the locality
was made as soon as the rays were stopped,
but quite without results. At this moment
the unfortunate man’s remains are now fly-
ing through space in the direction of the
constellation Hercules.”

  And yet, before the last of the sky-cars
had put a thousand miles between itself
and the moon, a strange sight would have
met the eyes of any person who might have
been left behind. There were no telescopes
aboard the car which would have shown the
thing. Neither was any one on the lookout.

  Directly beneath the sky-car, on the
patch of the moon’s surface which the ma-
chine had just quit, there was a stir and a
movement in the soil. Presently a large,
square section of the sun-lit material was
in actual motion; and before the eyes of
the mythical beholder, a cavern was re-
yealed in the solid rock of the satellite.

  A minute passed, and then a figure clad

in a suit the exact duplicate of the one the
three observers had seen destroyed, clam-
bered lightly to the surface, and turned the
big glass eyes of its helmet up toward the
fast-disappearing sky-car. It was the figure
of a man of medium height, inclined to be
stout, who slouched somewhat even as he
sat on the edge of the pit.

  No one needs to be told that it was Philip
Foster. And a glance into the cavern would
have told the whole story. The place was
stocked with enough supplies of all sorts,
very scientifically selected, to last one man
a lifetime.

  Presently the engineer disappeared, to re-
turn with the framework ef a small, hemi-
spherical building, which he at once pro-
ceeded to set up over his cavern. When
finished, some time later, it provided him
with a neat, little, combined observatory,
drawing-room, wireless-station and living-
room, all incased in glass.

  To-day an unusually fine and powerful
wireless tower stands in the mountains of
California; and under the direction of John
Bates, sworn to secrecy, the news of the
world is daily transmitted into space. On
the moon, a former fellow citizen hears
what earth’s billions are doing.

  All about him is desolate wilderness. The
sun shines continually just above the east-
ern horizon; there is neither day nor night.
Always the dark side of the earth is toward
him; he sees very little of the globe he re-
nounced. He never talks to a living soul,
although he makes a great many talking-
machine records; why, we need not try to
tell.

  But he has a great deal to be thankful
for. He has plenty to eat and to drink; the
air he breathes is chemically pure; he al-
ways has the great black above him, every
star shining with vast greater brilliance than
we on earth ever know. And beside him
at all times is his beloved library, the con-
densed compendium of all the information
that is worth while to him.

  And back in Bates’s office, in his safe, is
a sealed document which is to be opened
only in a certain contingency. In the vaults
of a well-known bank rests a large chest,
in which, among other things, is a duplicate
of this document.
218

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  And—mark this—so far as any one on
earth knows, there are not enough of the
required chemicals in existence to produce
the “ Foster rays ” once more. The moon
will never be visited again!

  As we enjoy our satellite this evening, if
we happen to possess extra keen eyes we
can detect a short, dark streak across the
face of our moon; a streak which no as-
tronomer ever saw in the old days. And
if we use a small opera-glass, we can see
just what it is.

  For the Foster Construction Company
made a thorough job' of the moon’s trans-
formation. All the while that the crews
were blasting on the other side, another

(The

crew of chemists was at work on the earth-
ward face. Look closely through that glass,
and this it what you will read:

GIFT OF DAVID SULZMAN.

  But, although many of us will utter the
old guess about “ the man in the moon,”
and many will recall the supposedly cragic
fate of the Californian engineer, only a very,
very few will know that there is now an
actual, bona-fide, flesh-and-blood being on
its surface. That an American citizen now
lives there, its sole inhabitant, and the only
genuinely independent man in all creation.

   For he, of all men, is absolutely safe from
the other sex!
end.)

Eudene A.

§> 1
 Clancy

GEORGE PLUMMER was the day
clerk of the Towaco House. George
was also the night clerk. The boss
fixed it that way himself, without consulting
George about it. The boss figured that
with afternoon naps up-stairs and uninter-
rupted dozing while at the desk, George
could accomplish continuous clerking with-
out injuring his health or efficiency and
with much comfort to the boss’s bank-roll.
The boss was right.

  There never was much doing at the To-
waco House, anyway. You see, Towaco is
a no-man’s-land somewhere on the Erie.
Only traveling men stopped off there, and
they didn’t stop to sell goods. They stopped

for a rest before going on or back. Stop-
ping at Towaco was just a bad habit.

  George Plummer napped and dozed for
six months; then one afternoon something
happened. A splendid touring-car thun-
dered up to the Towaco House, and a big,
forceful-looking, middle-aged man jumped
out and strode into tire size-two lobby. A
glance showed that he was not a traveling
man; in fact, he had all the atmosphere
of being somebody—the big boss of great
enterprise.

  George snatched his undersized body
from the chair, rumpled his mop of tow
hair, and stood blinking at the big man
with his peculiar blue-green eyes.
OUT OF HIS HEAD.

219

  “ Do you want a room, sir?” he asked.

  “ Do I look as if I did?” the big man
came back, with a broad grin. “ I want
some lunch, young man. Ham and eggs,
pie and coffee—quick! This shack looked
like regular ham and eggs, so I stopped.
Got to bust into the sky-line again in half
an hour. Get a move on—stagger!”

  George staggered.

  The big man was very red in the face.
It was evident that, despite the dryness of
the country, he had found some hard stuff
somewhere. He insisted that George come
into the dining-room with him and sit op-
posite while he punished the ham and eggs.

  As many men will under such circum-
stances, he talked at great length. He used
George as a kind of peg on which to hang
his loquacity, and without any particular
reason he told George all about himself.
It seemed that the big man really was
some peanuts in this world, and was taking
a motor trip through unexplored parts of
the country to rest his mind.

  “ I judge that you are a self-made man,
sir,” George ventured to remark.

  “ Self-made and hand-made!” replied the
ham-and-egger, as he rose and lit a fifty-
cent cigar. “ Sure! You bet! Thirty
years ago I hit New York without the price
of a shave—and now look at me, kid! I
had an idea, and I took a gamble with my-
self. Any man can do the same. Look at
Napoleon, Lincoln, J. Caesar! All did the
same! That’s the dope, kid. It’s up to
you! You got a damn funny face, but
you’ll get over it! Au resseyvar!”

  George Plummer stood on the porch and
watched the car until it disappeared; then
he went and sat behind the desk. But he
no longer dozed. For some reason, George
was now very wide awake. What was that
the big man had said and hinted at? Was
it possible that George Plummer and Op-
portunity could have a date? After supper
that evening he asked the boss to hold
down the desk while he went out for a
while.

  George went straight to the Towaco
Public Library—open evenings, and pre-
sided over by Myrtle Wild. Yes, that was
her very own name; and Myrtle wasn’t at
all wild. She was a nice little scout with

only one bad habit—she wore her hair ac-
cording to the movies, and as the style
changed with every picture her pretty
brown hair had a rather tired look from
being mussed up and rearranged so often.
Besides this bad habit, she had a failing—
she seemed to like George Plummer.

  Myrtle was the only girl in Towaco who
considered George as a possibility. . All of
which George was totally unaware. George
was the kind of male person who is dread-
fully formal, polite, and impersonal with
girls.

  “ Good evening, Miss Wild,” said George.
“ I have here a small list of books which I
should like to obtain.”

  Myrtle gave him the double-up-and-
down-and-back again. She sighed. There
was no gleam of special admiration in his
eyes. The effect of the latest style was quite
lost on him. She looked at the list. It
contained these items: ~ “ The Life of Na-
poleon,” “ The Life of Lincoln,” “ The
Story of a Self-Made Man,” “ How to
Succeed.”

  “Why, George Plummer!” Myrtle ex-
claimed. “ You sure have laid out some
reading for yourself—and never been in
here before! Well, we have them all.
“ Say, why don’t you come to some of our
parties?”

  “ I’ll be delighted to, some time, Miss
Wild,” replied George. “ But I’m very
busy just now. I’ll take those books and
rim along.”

  Thus it happened that for the following
six weeks the boss found George with his
nose eternally buried in a book.

  “ He’s got the book bug—gone on a regu-
lar lit’ry jag!” said the boss to the trav-
eling men. “ Seems to have some idea, but
won’t loosen up about it.”

  George Napoleoned during the morning,
Lincolned in the afternoon, self-maded and
succeeded in the evening. At last he came
up for air, and one evening took the books
back to Myrtle.

  But the next morning Mr. Plummer de-
veloped a new phase of himself. He in-
dulged in deep thought. The boss found
him wandering all over the place in a
trancelike condition. Then, a few days
later, he took to writing, hour after hour.
220

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ I’ve got it! ” said the boss to the travel-
ing men. “ He’s writin’ a book—the story
of his life! Guess he wanted to see how
them other guys did it.”

  George continued to write each evening
in his small office back of the desk. He
tore up a lot, and rewrote, but hour after
hour he wrote on, in his round, careful pen-
manship. At last he seemed satisfied with
what he had written, and one day he packed
the dozen or so sheets of mysterious dope
into a large envelope and mailed it. A
week passed, and another, during which
time George presided over the desk with
the abstracted air of a man who waits on
great events.

  Monday morning a letter addressed to
Mr. George Plummer arrived from New
York. It was brief:

Dear Mr. Plummer:

  We have been greatly impressed by your re-
markable letter. We shall be glad to see you if
you can come to New York.

Very truly yours,

Bender & Warren.

  George read this note with a calm, serious
expression. For just a moment there was
a gleam of triumph in his blue-green eyes,
but that was all. He sought the boss.

  “ Mr. Thompson,” he said, “ I am sorry
to leave you, but I have been called to
New York. I shall take the noon train.”

  The boss stared at his clerk.

  “ What the h—” Then he paused, as if
a sudden light of understanding had come
to him. Much to George’s surprise, he
shook hands with him effusively.

  “ So you made a go of it, eh? And none
of us ever suspected that we had one of ’em
right here in Towaco. Regular lit’ry guy,
eh? Well, George, I’m sorry to lose you,
but maybe a whirl in them lit’ry high spots
will do you good!”

  Then the boss rushed off to confide in a
traveling man.

  “ George did it!” he said. “ Some pub-
lisher guy in New York has bought his life.
Wow!”

  “ Where do you get that junk?” asked
the traveling man disgustedly. “ You’re no
fool, Thompson. What’s the real an-
swer?”

But the boss turned away without re-

plying and went up to his own room.
There, behind closed doors, he spread out
on the table numerous torn and discarded
sheets of foolscap, which at various times he
had abstracted from George Plummer’s
waste-basket.

  What George had written in his round,
careful- hand seemed to cause his boss much
unholy joy.

  “ Some document!” he remarked. “ The
League of Nations ain’t got anything on
this! ”

II.

  About seven o’clock the following eve-
ning a serious-faced, slightly undersized
young man wearing a free-and-easy suit, a
soft hat of no particular shape, and car-
rying a shiny new suit-case, walked into the
lobby of .the big Hotel Mammoth, on
Broadway, Manhattan. Being used to all
sorts of things, the Mammoth did not
shudder or grab for an ammonia sundae.
Beyond giving him an oh-look-at-it smile,
the Mammoth plainly was not interested in
him and showed no wild desire to welcome
him. Even,the bell-boys failed to plunge
forward and take his bag. They strove to
please, but there were limits. Besides, the
young man’s appearance did not suggest
large tips.

  “ A hick from Hickville!” said one youth,
nudging a companion.

  “Get onto them pants!” said another.
“ Seagoing—an’ ain’t been, pressed since
never!”

  Meanwhile, the hick from Hickville,
without any sign of being flustered, pushed
his way through the crowded lobby to the
desk.

  A polite but cynical-eyed clerk felt com-
pelled to notice him.

  “ What can I do for you, sir?” he in-
quired.

  “ A room and bath—not too expensive,”
said the hick.

  “ Didn’t you put in a reservation?” the
clerk asked in* such a tone that he might as
well have said right out: “You certainly
are a hick!”

  “No; I didn’t think it would be neces-
sary here,” said George, quite unaware
that he wore a Hickville label.
OUT OF HIS HEAD.

221

  The clerk considered him for a moment.

  “ Well,” he said finally, “ I can let you
have a small room. Five dollars a day.”
He swung the register around and offered
George a pen.

  “ Haven’t you anything cheaper than
that?” George asked.

  “ Our cheaper rooms are all full. Let
me suggest, sir, that you try some smaller
hotel.”

  “ I’ll take that five-dollar room,” said
George as he meekly signed the register.

  One of the boys now felt constrained to
pick up the shiny bag and escort its owner
into the elevator—-hurriedly. George was
shot to the top floor. In the room he
handed the boy a dime.

  The youth stood and stared at him.

  “ Isn’t it enough?” George asked.

  “ Well,” said the boy, “ I could use a
quarter—if you could spare it, boss.”

  George removed the dime and replaced
it with the desired quarter. As soon as the
boy was gone George sat down on the bed
and took out a note-book and pencil. He
made a note of the dime-quarter trans-
action; also a note of the fact that he
should have made a reservation.

  Fifteen minutes later the hick from Hick-
ville stepped out of the elevator into the
lobby. He still wore the free-and-easy suit,
but was minus the hat. He wore no vest,
but displayed a pink shirt, a soft collar, and
a black string tie. He stood for a moment,
rumpling his tow hair, his blue-green eyes
roving the lobby with an oddly intense,
purposeful light in them. Half the lobby
bumped into him, and a girl waiting to
keep a date with her reporter friend tried
to vamp him, just to see what would hap-
pen. But being bumped and vamped evi-
dently went over George’s head.

  He strolled up to the desk and spoke to
an assistant clerk.

  “ Are all those people occupying the
lounges and chairs registered here?” he
asked.

  The clerk, accustomed to all kinds of
cock-eyed questions, sighed deeply.

  “ I really don’t know, sir,” he answered
feelingly, “ but I’ll have them all paged and
find out, if you like.”

  “ Thank you, but never mind,” said

George, taking out his note-book and jotting
a jot.

  “ What’s the big idea?” asked the amazed
clerk.

  But George had strolled on.

  A rattle of jazz from the far corner drew
him. He had a hunch that the violent mu-
sic came from the dining-room, and he was
hungry. He made for the entrance; then
found himself halted by a red-plush cord
stretched across the doorway. Several men
and women were standing there, awaiting
admittance.

  On the other side stood the captain with
his hands behind his back, calmly inspecting
the group—and mentally figuring how much
each would cough up.

  George waited two or three minutes, as if
to see whether anything was likely to hap-
pen. As nothing did happen, quietly he
unhooked one end of the cord and was
about to ease himself in.

  Then something did happen. The cap-
tain pounced on George, while lesser captains
hovered close. The captain gently but firm-
ly pushed George through the ropes and
back where he belonged.

  “Perhaps you have, a reservation, sir?”
he remarked in a tone which plainly asked:
“ Can such things be?”

  “ No,” said George; “ but I should like
to have dinner right away. I’m stopping
here, you know.”

  The captain’s eyes said: “ Is it possible?”
But he unbent slightly and said aloud:
“ Let me suggest that you try the gentle-
man’s grill down-stairs.”

  “ Thank you—I guess I will,” said George
meekly—but out popped the note-book
again and, right under the captain’s puzzled
nose, George jotted himself half a dozen
lines.

  He went down to the grill. Here he
found no cord. The grill captain just hid
him away in a far comer without any de-
lay, and kindly began to compose a dinner
for him.

  But, George, suddenly inspired by a
memory, stopped him.

  “ Look here! ” he said. “ Ham and eggs,
pie and coffee—quick! Get a move on—
stagger! ”

  The waiter, a red-eyed Jugo-Checko,
222

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

gasped. For a moment it looked as if he
were going to bust George Plummer in the
eye; but he regained control, and with
many long, hot speeches to himself, went
for the Towaco feed.

  When it was all over in the grill, George
strolled Up to the lobby again and ap-
proached the cigar-counter, where he bought
a pack of cigarettes.

  “ But this brand doesn’t cost this much,
miss,” he said to the girl who drew trade
there.

  She eyed him pityingly, but condescend-
ed to explain.

  “ You’re paying hotel prices—five cents
more on everything. Say, ain’t you never
been in a hotel before?”

  “ Certainly,” George answered. “ I’ve
worked in one.”

  “ Mills?” asked the girl.

  “ No,” replied George, “ I have never
worked in a mill—I said I have worked in
a hotel—”

  “ Oh, wait—let me get my handkerchief!
I gotter cry—I gotter—oh, Gawdj ”

  George stared at her solemnly. Then
out came the little old note-book! Having
jotted, he turned away, while the girl looked
after him in pop-eyed wonder.

  Strange to say, in spite of the fact that
they continued to treat him as the original
hick from Hickville, George stayed on at
the Mammoth for a week. He never went
out, but was a species of indoor pest—he
and his jot-book. The bell-boys made bets
as to where George would next appear—in
the cellar, on the roof, or standing star-
eyed in the lobby.

  However, on the morning of the eighth
day of his stay, George showed an unex-
pected but welcome intention of at last
taking the air. He telephoned; then actual-
ly he went out. Half an hour later George
Plummer presented himself in the offices
of the law firm of Bender & Warren.

                      _

III.

  George was ushered into a private office
and found himself facing a tall, lean man
of about sixty-five—a man with worried
eyes, nervous, scattered hair, and a twitch-
ing gray mustache. Jim Bender., famous

in the Yale Club and elsewhere as “ Ball-
’Em-Out Bender,” glared at George, and
motioned to a chair opposite the big desk.

  “Sit down, Mr. Plummer, sit down!”
he said. Then, after another glare, Jim
Bender leaned back in his cl/air, snatched
a handkerchief from a pocket, and furiously
mopped his brow as he muttered: “ I
thought as much! ”

  “ I beg your pardon, Mr. Bender?” re-
marked George politely.

  “I said it is a rotten hot day!” said
Bender, his mustache twitching.

  “ It certainly is a little warm, Mr.—”

  “ And I say it’s rotten hot!” roared Ben-
der, clutching the handkerchief very much
'as if he wished it was somebody’s neck.
“ Now, Mr. Plummer, listen to me: In
the first place, I want you—and everybody
else, for that matter—to understand dis-
tinctly that I am only an agent in this
business. You are here according to the
positive orders of my client, orders which
those who know him know better than to
question. He is Johnny Archman—maybe
you have heard of him or read of some of
his doings in the newspapers?”

  George suddenly sat up; his chest
swelled.

  “ You—you mean John J. Archman, the
millionaire?” he gasped.

  “I do!” Jim Bender snapped, again
mopping his brow. “ Johnny Archman,
known as the eccentric millionaire—blast
him! He leaves all his affairs in our hands.
And if it wasn’t for the fact that we need
his account here, and that I have an af-
fection for the old hound, I’d like nothing
better than never to hear of him again!
Well, recently Johnny got the controlling
interest in the Mammoth—and unloads the
direction of the place on me! I know
nothing of hotels—and Archman knows
less. But what does the old fool do but
suddenly pulls one of his wild stunts, gets
aboard and rides it full tilt! And when
Archman gets going like that, no one can
stop him or talk to him until he’s had his
fling, no matter what it costs him.”

  Bender paused to mop and glare; then
he roared on:

  “ Some idiot gave Johnny a book about
efficiency ideas, new-fangled business no-
OUT OF HIS HEAD.

223

tions, and such things. He went crazy
over it, and, without ever having been in
the place, suddenly decided that his new
toy, the Mammoth, was horribly misman-
aged and could be made twice as profitable
as it is.

  “ He rushed in here one morning and
ordered me to find a new man to take
charge of it for a month—a man with new
ideas, and not a New Yorker. Told me to
scour the country. Well, young man, it
happened that very morning your letter was
lying on my desk. I gave it to Archman.
He read it through—then he slammed his
fist on it, jumped up, and yelled: * Here’s
the man—the very man we want! Get
him—put him in charge at once!’ ”

  George swelled some more. He made a
sweeping gesture and rumpled his hair. He
breathed hard.

  “ Then, I suppose, Mr. Bender,” he said
solemnly, “ that you—you will arrange an
appointment for me with Mr. Archman?”

  “ I would like to—I most certainly would
like to!” replied Jim Bender, again clutch-
ing the handkerchief. “ But I can’t. The
day after he read your letter Johnny sailed
for South America.”

  George’s face fell. “ Then, I am to un-
derstand—”

  “ You are to understand that, according
to my client’s orders, I am putting you in
charge of the Mammoth for a month!” It
was an explosion, rather than a statement.
He jabbed at a button, and a stenographer
came in. He dictated a memorandum.
“There!” he said, tossing it to George.
“ That’s your authority. I’ll write to Mr.
Marshall, the manager, to-day.”

  George clutched the memorandum.

  The stenographer, deftly concealing her
thoughts, went out.

  “ Now, how about salary?” Bender
asked.

  George considered.

  “ Well,” he said, “ I—I think I shall ask
for—for fifty dollars a week—until I make
good.”

  Bender choked.

  “ All right,” he said finally. “ I think
Mr. Archman would approve of that.”
Suddenly he opened a drawer and took
out the document that had been mailed

in Towaco. He glanced through it. The
first page was a letter to the management.
The second page was headed: “ How a
Big Hotel Should be Conducted; New
Ideas in Management.”

  Bender put down the screed and gazed at
George.

  “ Where did you get this dope, Mr.
Plummer?” he asked.

  “ I worked it out myself,” said George
modestly. “ I—er—I devoted a lot of
study to my theories, and have every con-
fidence in them. I might add, Mr. Bender,
that I have spent the past week at the
Mammoth—observing. I have here a little
book of notes which I should like to read to
you.”

   “ Let’s have it,” said Bender.

  Out came the jot-book. It was pretty
full by this time. George read his notes
and comments. He read for a few minutes,
then paused as if for encouragement.

  Jim Bender was looking at him with
something like awe in his worried eyes.

  “ Remarkable insight, Mr. Plummer,” he
said as he rose and held out his hand. “ I
see you are already on the job. Well, go
to it and do your damnedest!”

  There was real feeling and pathos in
his voice as he shook George’s hand and
conducted him to the door.

IV.

  Reaching the street, George Plummer
did something that never in his life
had he done before. He hailed a taxi.
Jumping in, he instructed that he be driven
to the Hotel Mammoth with all possible
speed. The driver seemed to have his
doubts, but, remarking to himself that you
never can tell from the looks of a man,
he whirled George up-town at a good clip.
Reaching the hotel and flinging the man a
dollar and ten cents, George hurried
through the lobby and up to the balcony
floor, where he stepped briskly into the
private office of Tom Marshall, the man-
ager.

  But here his briskness blew up for the
time being—the manager had gone out on
business, and no one knew when he would
be back. George frowned; then retired to
224

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

his room, requesting to be informed the
moment Mr. Marshall returned.

  In reality Marshall had gone to the
races, but his secretary did not consider
that it was any of George Plummer’s busi-
ness.

  Tom had had a bad day at the track.
The last race was his meat, according to
the dope. He put ten yellow ones on an
alleged horse. But it was not a horse. The
animal, whatever it was, looked like a
horse, and made a pretense of running like
a horse, but the result was too pathetic
even for cuss-words. Tom felt so sad that
he stayed *out on Long Island for supper,
and did not get back to the Mammoth until
after eight in the evening.

  He was in a bad humor. Entering his
office, he was startled and annoyed to find
sitting there a tow-headed, hicklike person
whom he recalled having seen around the
hotel recently. Before he could speak the
hicklike person rose and addressed him
briskly, meanwhile offering him a folded
paper.

  “ Good evening, Mr. Marshall,” said
George. “ I’ve been waiting for you all
afternoon. I must ask you to kindly read
this memorandum.”

  Wondering what sort of crank stunt he
was up against, Tom took the paper and
read. Slowly, like a man in a trance, he
put the paper down on the desk and stared
at George. Then suddenly his eyes fell on
a letter lying on his desk. He snatched it
up, tore it open, and read:

Dear Tom:

  The thing has happened, as you probably know
by now. The man Plummer has arrived, and
we’ve got to go through with it—you know Arch-
man! So this is merely to confirm. By order of
John J. Archman, George Plummer is to have
charge of the Mammoth for a month. You will
continue as manager, but you are to put in force,
recommendations, or suggestions that he makes.
I feel for you, Tom. May Heaven protect you!

Bender.

  Tom Marshall reached for a cigarette, lit
it, and sank weakly into his desk-chair. His
fine, handsome face was a study; it was
hard to say whether he wanted to swear or
laugh, or do both. In a moment, how-
ever, his expression cleared. He stood up
and offered George his hand.

  “ Well, Mr. Plummer,” he said, “ this is
rather a surprise! I don’t suppose that you
will want to—to start anything to-night?”

  “ No,” replied George with evident re-
luctance. “ But if you will be kind enough
to order a desk put in here for me first thing
in the morning, we can have a conference
then. Good night, Mr. Marshall.” And
George strode from the office briskly—with
a step of dignified authority and a smile to
assure Mr. Marshall that all would be well
in Denmark.

  And, sure enough, early the next morning
the Plummer regime went into effect in the
Hotel Mammoth. As the morning hours
wore on, the news penetrated to all parts
of the hotel that the mussy little pest, the
awful hick from Hickville, was some kind
of special investigator and supervisor ex-
traordinary—even Tom Marshall had to
take orders from him!

  In the “ conference ” George outlined his
ideas and gave Marshall some instructions.
Tom said nothing. He was very pale, but
his pulse was good and he was able to sit
up and smoke a cigarette. Then George
summoned various employees of the hotel.
His first interview was with Armand, the
chef.

  The result was startling. Armand, in-
dignant at the summons, walked straight
from the kitchen, wearing his white cap
and twirling his mustache. He listened to
George for a while; then suddenly Armand
flung up his., arms wildly and laid down a
terrible barrage of vivid French and his
own English.

  “ Jamb on, Jamb on! Haash! I shall not!
Non! It is insult—madness himself! My
temperament is bust—I go! Pig that you
are! ”

  And that’s just what Armand did—he
went at once. Waving his arms and talking
to himself, he rushed from the office, down
through the amazed lobby, and, clad as he
was, jumped into a taxi, and ordered the
astonished driver, who knew him, to take
him to his apartment at once—where he
announced his intention of staying until
such time as the Mammoth came to its
senses.

  George appointed a deputy chef and con-
tinued his interviewing. The chief clerk
OUT OF HIS HEAD.

225

received the shock of his life and went out
reeling and jibbering. All single rooms
were to be at a uniform price of three dol-
lars; all suites four; and no rooms whatever
reserved in advance.

  The maitre d’hotel got his. No tables in
the dining-room to be reserved; first come,
first served! It happened that the hat-
checking privilege had expired, and was up
for renewal. George abolished the insti-
tution.

  The housekeeper— But about that time
Tom Marshall grabbed his hat and went to
the races.

  George spent the rest of the day going
about giving personal instructions to bell-
hops, chambermaids, taxi-starters, waiters,
and the girl at the cigar-counter. Somehow
the Hotel Mammoth survived that day and
night.

  The next morning it found its new boss’s
ideas crystallized in a large electric sign over
the desk.

  It flashed this to the world:

  This is YOUR hotel. Just sign the book ]
  and let us take care of you. No ROOMS
  or TABLES reserved in advance. Uniform,
  reasonable rate# for everything.

WELCOME!

  Added to this, the clerks received a bun-
dle of printed cards which they were to
hand each person who registered and dis-
tribute to those already in the hotel. The
cards read:

Dear Guest:

  If you are not comfortable, if you are not
  receiving proper service, apply to me per-
  sonally.

George Plummer, Boniface.

  Before the luncheon hour, men appeared
with movable hatracks which they placed
beside the center-tables in the dining-room.
They screwed small racks over the side ta-
bles along the walls. Then, instead of the
usual elaborate Mammoth menu, small
cards announcing “ simple, wholesome dish-
es,” were placed on each table.

  Having accomplished all the above, and
put in force numerous other innovations
yet to bear fruit, George placed his hands
in the pockets of his free-and-easy suit and

     4	A-S

strolled with an air of authority and pos-
sessiveness up and down the lobby, occa-
sionally rumpling his mop of tow hair, his
blue-green orbs roving about to spot slack-
ers to the new regime.

  The luncheon crowd never being very
large at the Mammoth, there was only
desultory trouble during the afternoon. BulS
as the dinner hour approached, the Mam-
moth began to exhibit all the signs of
earthquakes, revolutions, and declarations
of war. People who had wired innocently
for rooms were arriving in shoals. They
gnashed their teeth and swore. Some took
the rooms offered them; others promptly
shook the Mammoth dust from their feet.

  One gentleman from the West, however,
demanded an explanation. “ What’s come
over this outfit?” he roared. “ You got
my wire, didn’t you?”

  Politely the clerk pointed to the electric
sign, at the same time handing the irate
one a card.

  “ What the hell do I care for your fool
signs!” the gentleman yelled. “And what
are you giving me this for—here, show
me this Boniface guy!”

  George stepped forward. “ The clerk is
correct, sir,” he said. “ We are under a
new management. We do not reserve
rooms, but I can show you the best in the
house—”

  The gentleman exploded again. “ So
you’re this Plummer guy, eh? Plummer!
It ought to be spelled with a B! Say, I’ve
been stopping here for years—before you
or any one like you was born! But I’m
through—I’m damned if I stay in any ho-
tel run by a plumber! Boy, take my bag
out to the cab!” And shaking his fist in
George’s face, the gentleman went.

  About this time guests began telephon-
ing for the Boniface. A nervous lady from
Vermont, on the ninth floor, said she
smelled smoke, and would Mr. Plummer in-
vestigate at once. George promised to do
so. A pair of sports on the sixth floor
wanted to know if Mr. Plummer would
like to join them in a little stud game in
their room. George thanked them, but
said he was too busy just then. There
were half a dozen other calls for Mr. Plum-
mer, three of which necessitated his taking
226

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

the elevator and answering in person. By
the time he stepped into the lobby again
there was a slight perspiration on George’s
•brow, but hastily he wiped it off and re-
sumed his Boniface smile.

  He walked toward the dining-room,
where the red-plush cord was no more.
There was quite a mussy scrimmage going
on at the entrance. Patrons who had tried
to reserve tables were milling back and
forth, fighting each other and swearing at
the helpless captain, who was doing the
best he could, considering the obvious fact
that he could do nothing.

   At the sight the perspiration came out
on George’s brow again, but again he wiped
it off. Pie seemed about to say something,
but instead he trotted around the edge of
the mob and slid himself into the dining-
room. It was pretty well filled, but,
strange to say, a lot of people seemed to
be going out hastily, after a glance at the
new menu card and words with the waiters.
Wearing his Boniface smile, George strolled

•	up to a young man and girl in evening
dress at a side table. “ I trust you are
quite comfortable, sir,” he said.

  The young man looked up in amaze-
ment. “ And who are you?” he asked.

   George proffered one of his cards. The
girl giggled. Before the young man could
speak, a waiter hurried up to George.
“ The gentleman at my table wants to see
you at once, Mr. Plummer,” he said.

   Giving the young couple a parting smile,
George turned and followed the waiter to a
center table where a large man was seated
with three elaborately gowned women.
The large man was excitedly waving the
menu. “Look here!” he exclaimed to
George. “ Where is your regular card—do
you mean to tell me that all we can get is
this camp junk? And why can’t these
ladies check their wraps—what’s the mean-
ing of this clothes-line here?”

  George bowed and smiled. “ We are
now serving plain, wholesome—”

   “ Well, I’ll be damned!" roared the large
man. “ I didn’t believe it—the Mammoth
turned into a lunch-counter! Come on—
let’s get out!” And out they went, while
George stood there, a puzzled, slightly wor-
ried look on his face.

  At that precise moment, and unknown
to George, a reporter was in a Mammoth
telephone booth, speaking rapidly to a city
editor down on Park Row. The city edi-
tor clutched the phone, a gleam in his eye.
“ Great stuff!” he yelled. “ Go to it—two
columns! Front page! Get his picture—
we’ll run it with Archman’s! Get it!”
Other reporters were doing the same, and
other city editors were yelling, “ Great
stuff!”

  Thus it happened that when George,
again wearing his Boniface smile, strolled
back to the lobby, immediately he was sur-
rounded by half a dozen eager young men
with pads and pencils. “ We want your
story for the papers, Mr. Plummer,” said
their spokesman. “ Tell us about yourself
and your remarkable plans for the Mam-
moth! ”

  George smiled. He swelled and rumpled
his hair. He smiled as would Napoleon or
Csesar. He had arrived! Carefully and
with easy modesty he told them about him-
self and answered their questions, while
the pencils of the serious-faced young men
flew. Then they photographed him.

  A dozen or so calls for Mr. Plummer
had accumulated while the interview was
going on, but now George did not feel equal
to answering them. He felt a little ex-
hausted. Leaving instructions to say that
he was busy, he went up to the office. He
had a great desire to see Tom Marshall.
But Tom had not returned. In fact, he
had telephoned in to say that he had been
called out of town for a few days.

  Tom’s secretary dumped a mountain of
miscellaneous papers in front of George.
He looked at them a few minutes, and
again the perspiration stood out on his
brow. “ Please take care of these,” he
said, getting to his feet. “ I—I’m going
to get a bite to eat.” He went down to
the grill, consumed a pair of chops and
some coffee—and then George went right
up to his room and to bed.

  However, he was up very early. The
first thing George did was to get all the
newspapers. Yes, there was his picture,
together with that of John J. Archman.
But as he read the stories he frowned. It
seemed to him that they were just a bit too
OUT OF HIS HEAD.

227

flippant—but the papers, he reflected, were
always taking liberties with prominent
people.

  That was a red-letter day in the history
of the Hotel Mammoth! A riot in a mad-
house might describe it. Having read the
morning papers, it looked as if all New
York had managed to take an hour off to
come in and see for itself personally.
George was kept rushing all over the hotel.
It seemed to him that the whole world
was doing nothing but call for Mr. Plum-
mer! Mr. Plummer! Mr. Plummer! He
was the busiest Boniface on record. By
noon he ceased to wipe his brow—he just
let the perspiration trickle down into his
eyes—eyes that were beginning to have a
wild glare in them.

  At two o’clock he went up-stairs for a
nap. It was after eight when he awoke.
He felt better now, and phoned down to
ask if everything was all right.

  “Sure!” answered Tom’s secretary.
“ Going fine! But I hope you will come
down at once, Mr. Plummer—we need
you.”

  George shaved himself, straightened his
string tie, and went down. Immediately
he was summoned to the desk. A delega-
tion of fifty business men from the South
who had wired for rooms were telling the
world what they thought of things. When
they found out who George was they fell
on him en masse. They passed him around
among themselves. When that was over,
and George was gasping for breath, the
telephone calls for the Boniface began
again, only now the whole hotel seemed
calling him at once, much as if the thing
had been planned. Wildly George rushed
up and down and around.

  Then, on one of his flying trips through
the lobby, a bellhop carrying a large pitcher
suddenly stepped out and confronted
George. “ Mr. Plummer,” said the boy,
“ Colonel Daingerfield, up in 1022, wants
his iced tea.”

  “ Well,” said George, mopping his brow,
“ why don’t you take it to him?”

  “ I thought you knew about it, sir,” the
boy replied. “ You see, the colonel is our
oldest guest. As a special favor, Mr. Mar-
shall always takes the colonel’s iced tea up

himself, and as Mr. Marshall ain’t here,
maybe you’d better do it, sir.” And seiz-
ing the psychological moment, suddenly
the youth thrust the pitcher into George’s
hands.

  George stood there clutching the pitcher.
“ I see,” he said, a little thickly. “ Of
course—I’ll take it myself.” Holding the
thing tight, George entered an elevator and
was whizzed up to the tenth floor.

  He knocked at the door of No. 1022.
Receiving no answer, he knocked again.
There was the sound of some one getting
out of bed and swearing. Then the door
flew open and a tall, gray-haired man with
a ferocious mustache and clad in pajamas
stood there, glaring. “What the devil!”
he exclaimed. Yes, the colonel was from
Kentucky, sir!

  George smiled his Boniface smile. “ I’ve
brought your iced tea, colonel,” he said
genially.

  “ You’ve brought what?” demanded the
colonel, actually turning pale. “ Look
here, young man, are you trying to get
funny with me? What the devil do you
mean?”

  “ In the absence of Mr. Marshall,” said
George, “ I brought this—”

  Suddenly the colonel snatched the pitcher
and held it up to his nose. “ By the old
Harry,” he yelled, “ it is tea! Well, see
how you like it!” And instantly the colo-
nel raised the pitcher, poured the contents
over George’s head, and flung the pitcher
itself into the hall. Then the colonel
slammed the door and went back to bed.

  In stepping back, George tripped and
fell sprawling. The tenth-floor telephone
girl came to his rescue. “ Oh, Mr. Plum-
mer,” she said as she helped him up,
“ you’re wanted down-stairs at once!”

  George swayed a moment, wiping the
tea from his face. The wild glare in his
eyes was now very pronounced. He tot-
tered into an elevator. Reaching the
lobby, he found himself in the midst of a
howling mob. Crowds were surging
around, demanding that some one point out
to them Mr. George Plummer.

  The house detective hurried up to
George. “ Mr. Plummer,” he said, “ this
crowd is beyond our control — I’ve just
228

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

phoned for the police reserves! You better
go up-stairs or we’ll never get this bunch
out!”

  George tottered back into the elevator.
“ Up—up to—to my room!” he stuttered.
Reaching the top floor, he swayed and tot-
tered to his room and flung himself on his
back on the bed. Queer noises came from
George’s throat, and there was that wild
glare in his eyes.

  It chanced that the housekeeper, a
motherly soul, was on the top floor at the
moment. She saw George enter his room.
She hurried to the door and looked in.
“ The poor man!” she murmured. She sat
on the side of the bed and put a hand on
George’s fevered brow. “ It’s been too
much for you, Mr. Plummer,” she said.
“ Just lie here and take a rest.”

  Somehow the touch of that motherly
hand brought George a sudden vision. He
saw the peaceful old desk of the Towaco
House; he saw his old, suspender-clad boss
genially dozing in the little back office.
Towaco—peace and quiet!

  And suddenly, to the astonishment of
the housekeeper, George jumped from the
bed. With feverish haste he flung his be-
longings into the shiny suit-case and
snapped it shut.

  “Why, Mr. Plummer!” the housekeeper
exclaimed. “ What—”

  “I’m going away from here!” George
yelled. “Now—forever!”

  Grabbing up the suit-case, he rushed
from the room and flung himself into an
elevator. As he sprang into the lobby, the
police were busy clearing out the mob, and
there was the dang of fire engines outside,
for, in the general excitement, some one had
called out the fire department!

  But George heeded not. Like a man
with one overpowering purpose in life, he
plunged through the battle, hatless, clutch-
ing the shiny suit-case. Out on the street
he jumped into a taxi. “ Hudson Tube—
quick!” he yelled. Meanwhile Tom Mar-
shall’s secretary was telephoning the Yale
Club. “It’s all right, Tom,” he said.
“ George has beat it!”

  George rushed into the Erie Station, only
to find that it was too late for a train to
Towaco. Trainmen looked him over in

wonderment—George was the wildest speci-
men ever seen in the station. “ What’s
the matter, kid,” one of them asked;
“ somebody dead? Say, the Western flier
is just leaving—she stops at Junction City,
an’ you can get a local from there in the
morning!”

  George grabbed a ticket for the flier.
The train was actually moving when they
let him through the gate. He dropped the
shiny suit-case on the platform and hurled
himself aboard. The suit-case bumped and
fell under the flying wheels—and was no
more.

  He sat bolt upright in the smoker; he
seemed to be urging the flier to still greater
speed.

   “ Clean bugs,” said the conductor to him-
self as he took George’s ticket.

  George did not sleep; and when he got
off at Junction City he sat glassy-eyed on
a bench for two hours waiting for the To-
waco local.

  It was nine o’clock in the morning when
a disheveled, glassy-eyed, tow-headed and
hatless figure presented itself in the quiet
lobby of the Towaco House. The boss
gave a startled look; then he came forward
chuckling and shook George’s hand.
“Well, well!” he exclaimed. “If it ain’t
George Plummer! Why, you’re the most
famous man in Towaco, George! We read
all about it in the papers. Just dropped
in to look us over, eh?”

  “ I—I would like my job back, Mr.
Thompson,” said George, his eyes roving
to the comfortable chair behind the little
desk.

  The boss chuckled. “ Surest thing you
know, George!” he said. “Your job is
right here waiting for you—but I think
you’d better get something to eat and go
right to bed just now, George. Myrtle
Wild has been sorter helpin’ me out while
you—while you were showin’ ’em a few in
New York.”

  Just then Myrtle herself—with it done
in the very newest style—appeared from
the back office. “ Why, George, you poor
dear!” she exclaimed. “You come right
into the dining-room and I’ll rustle you
something to eat at once.”

  And meekly, totteringly, George obeyed.
Isabel Osirander

Author et "Twenty-Six Clues,” "Suspense,” "Between Heaver, and Earth,” etc.

PRECEDING CHAPTERS BRIEFLY RETOLD

NORMAN STORM, moving in good society and holding a position in a large trust company,
but almost at the end of his financial resources, saw his wife, Leila, in the business section
of the city one afternoon, but she did not see him. Yet, at dinner that night in their sub-
urban home in Greenlea, with Storm’s closest friend, George Holworthy, she told them that she
had not been in town “ for ages.” Later Storm heard her talking over the telephone to soipe
one she called “ dear,” and later she went out. The next day a chance remark made Storm think
that his wife was involved in an affair with Dick Brewster, a neighbor who was estranged from his
wife; and when he returned home that night, earlier than he was expected, and found Brewster
kissing Leila’s hand and thanking her for “ the happiest hour of his life,” he was sure of her guilt.
As a matter of fact, Brewster was thanking Leila for her efforts in bringing his wife and him
together again.

    Neither Leila nor Brewster knew that Storm was in the house, and after Brewster had left,
Storm went into the den where Leila was sitting, and accused her of unfaithfulness. There was a
stormy scene, during which Storm struck Leila with a golf club. The blow killed her.

    He felt no grief nor remorse—she had deceived him! Storm destroyed every evidence of the
crime, arranged the body as if she had fallen and struck her head against the fender in front of
the fireplace, and went to his room. Next morning the body was found by a servant and Storm
called. Acting the part of a grief-stricken husband, Storm sent for Dr. Carr, who, in turn, sent
for the county medical authorities. Storm also sent for Holworthy, who arrived in deep sorrow
at the death of Leila.

     After an examination that brought out the fact that Lelia had been subject to fainting spells,
the authorities decided -that she had died by accident. No suspicion had attached to Storm—he
had won!

CHAPTER XIII.

THE LETTER.

DESPITE his sense of victory the day
was a long-drawn-out period of tor-
ture for Storm.

  Upon the departure of Dr. Carr and the
officials, George Holworthy had to be told
in detail the story of the night’s tragic
event, and its reiteration drew heavily upon
the store of self-control which was left to
his companion after the ordeal through
which he had passed, but Storm narrated it
carefully, with a critical consciousness of
every effect.

  “ I don’t know what is the matter with
me!” he cried dramatically in conclusion.
“ I can’t break down, I can’t seem to feel,
George! I saw her as she lay there, I tell
myself that this ghastly, unbelievable thing
is true and yet it has no meaning for me!
I catch myself listening for her step, wait-
ing to hear her voice! Am I going mad?”
“ It’s the shock,” George said quietly.
“ The stark horror of the thing has stunned
you, Norman. You can’t feel it yet. You
are numb, I suppose.”

  He looked curiously shrunken and with-
ered and years older as he sat hunched there
in his chair, his faded, red-rimmed eyes

This story began in the All-Story Weekly for September 27.

229
230	ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

blinking fast. Storm felt a sense of im-
patience, almost of repugnance as he re-
garded him. His evident sorrow was a
subtle reproach before which the other
writhed. Could he endure his presence in
the days which must decently elapse before
the funeral? George would be useful, how-
ever, in the interim, and when it was all
over he could shut himself away from
every one.

  “ That’s why I sent for you,’’ he ob-
served. “ I can’t seem to get a grip on
things, and I thought you would take charge
for me and keep off the mob of sympa-
thizers—”

   “ I will. I’ll attend to everything, old
man. There’s bound to be a certain amount
of publicity, you know, but I’ll see the re-
porters myself, and fend off the neighbors.
Carr will send in the undertaker and I’ll
phone Foulkes. Is there any one else you
•want me to notify?”

   George did indeed prove invaluable, for
Millard had spread the tidings and soon the
house was besieged by horror-stricken
friends of the dead woman. They came
from all walks of life, from the humblest
country-folk about, to the most arrogant
of the aristocratic colony, in mute testimony
to the breadth of her kindliness and the
affection she had inspired. From earliest
afternoon, too, reporters began filtering in
on every train, but George held them off
with surprising tact and diplomacy, and by
nightfall a semblance of peace had fallen
upon the bereft household.

   The den was restored to its normal state,
the door locked, and in the dainty drawing-
room across the hall from the library, Leila
lay as if asleep, her golden hair falling low
to hide the cruel wound, and all about her
the early spring flowers she had loved.

  Now- that they were alone together,
George’s presence proved insufferable, and
Storm, professing complete nervous exhaus-
tion, suggested that they retire early.

   George, worn out with his own emotions
and the strain of the day, acquiesced in evi-
dent relief. He had dreaded a night-long
vigil with his bereaved friend and rejoiced
that the strange, seemingly dazed apathy
which had held him in its grip was giving
way to the demands of overtaxed nature.

  Sleep, however, was furthest from Storm’s
intentions. There was work still to be done,
and in secret. Foulkes had r.^nified his
intention of coming out on the first train in
the morning and it was possible that he
might suggest going over Leila’s papers. If
that letter which she had tried to conceal
the day before were found, or any other
correspondence from Brewster, it might pre-
cipitate the rise of a suspicion which other-
wise seemed now to be eliminated.

  Leila’s desk was down in the library, and
waiting only until he felt assured that the
occupant of the guest chamber across the
hall had fallen asleep, Storm put on soft
felt slippers, drew his dressing gown about
him, and descended.

  How still the house was! Still, yet vi-
brant with something unseen but palpitat-
ing as though the spirit had not wholly de-
parted from that immobile form lying amid
the blossoms, whose fragrance stole out with
cloying, sinister sweetness upon the air.

  Storm closed the library door noiselessly
behind him, switched on the light and
crossing to the little desk stood transfixed.

  A book lay upon it and from between its
leaves protruded, as if carelessly or hastily
thrust there, what appeared to be the very
letter he sought. “ Leicester Building.”
The engraved letters stood out as he drew
the envelope forth, but above them was a
line which made him start.

  “ National Tool and Implement Com-
pany.”

  But Brewster was an insurance broker!
The name had an oddly familiar ring, too.
What could it mean?

  With shaking fingers he drew the en-
closure from the envelope and read:

Mrs. Norman Storm.

  Dear Madam: I have reconsidered my decision
of this morning, and am willing to sell to you
the strip of land adjoining your property at the
price you named, on condition that the deal be
consummated with you personally. I will enter
into no negotiations with your husband. If you
will call at my office to-morrow, the ninth inst.,
with your check, I will have the deed and bill of
sale ready.

Your obedient servant,

Alphetjs Jaffray.

  Storm crushed the letter in his hands.
The trout-stream! Leila had bearded their
ASHES TO ASHES.

231

irascible neighbor in his town office and in-
duced him to sell her the property which he
himself had been unable to force or cajole
the old scoundrel to relinquish!

  But why had she been so secretive about
it? Why had she lied about her presence
in town, sought to conceal the letter, striven
to make a mystery where no cause for one
existed?

  The queries which hammered at his brain
were swiftly swept aside by the one domi-
nating fact. Her visit had not concerned
Brewster, her lie had concealed no act of
guilt or even indiscretion! What if— Great
God! If he had made a hideous mistake?

  But no! He had seen them together, she
and her lover, in that very room not twenty-
four hours before; had heard Brewster’s
impassioned words, witnessed his act of de-
votion! Whatever motive had prompted
her secret purchase of the trout-stream, it
was beside the point at issue. There must
be proof in her desk, proof to augment and
support the evidence of his own eyes.

  He tore the drawers open one after an-
other, scattering the neat piles of correspon-
dence. Social notes, cards of invitation, re-
ceipted bills, memoranda, and household ac-
counts—his feverish fingers sought in vain
among them for a single line of an intimate
or sentimental nature. But then, Leila
would scarcely have kept secret love letters
in an open desk. Somewhere in her apart-
ments up-stairs, perhaps, she had arranged
a hiding place for them.

  Then a swift rememberance came to him.
The secret compartment! Back of the
small drawer between the pigeonholes on
the desk top was a small space to which ac-
cess could be had only by pressing a hidden
knob. Leila had found it by accident one
day and been almost childishly delighted
with her discovery.	«

  Storm removed the drawer, pressed the
spring and the false back slid aside re-
vealing two packets of letters. One was
bound by a bit of white satin ribbon, yel-
lowing now and slightly frayed; the other
encircled merely with a rubber band.

  The sight of them brought a grimace of
triumph to Storm’s lips, but it changed
quickly a $ he tore the ribbon from the first
packet. The letters were all postmarked

prior to ten years ago and were in his hand-
writing—his own love letters, written duriag
the period of their engagement and before.
One end of the ribbon was knotted about
a dried.-flower; an orange blossom! It
must have been from her wedding bouquet.

   A strange tightness constricted his throat
and he thrust the packet hastily aside. He
did not want to be reminded at this hour
of the happiness, the fool’s paradise in
which he had lived before enlightenment
came. No sentimentality must be permitted
to weaken his self-control now.

  But the second packet, too, contained
only his letters; those written since their
marriage, mere notes of a most prosaic sort,
some of them, sent to her during his infre-
quent absences from home and reminding
her of trivial, every-day matters which re-
quired attention. The last, dated only a
month before, concerned the reinstatement
of MacWhirter, their antebellum gardener.
Why had Leila kept every scrap of his
handwriting as though she treasured it, as
though it were precious to her?

  For a long time he sat there staring at
the scattered envelopes, the first vague, ter-
rible stirring of doubt which had come when
he read Jaffray’s letter returning again to
torture his spirit. Then once more the
scene of the previous night in that room
arose in reassuring condemnation, and with
a smothered oath he seized the letters and
tore them viciously, the older packet with
the rest, until nothing remained but a heap
of infinitesimal scraps and the bit of yel-
lowed ribbon.

  He wanted them out of his sight, de-
stroyed utterly, but where— The fire in
the kitchen range would have been banked
for the night, but he could rake the coals
aside. Sweeping the torn letters into a
newspaper together with the ribbon he made
his way quietly to the kitchen.

  The range balked him at first and he
strove vainly to coax a blaze from the livid
coals, but with the aid of kindling wood and
after much manipulation of the dampers
he succeeded in producing a tiny, wavering
fork of flame. Upon this he thrust hand-
fuls of the paper scraps, and when they
caught and blazed up he thrust the ribbon
deep among them.
232

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  How slowly they burned! The edges of
the ribbon charred and it curled up, writh-
ing like a living thing in agony. The flame
was dying down and Storm had turned
frantically to the wood-box to pile on more
fuel when suddenly there came a grayish
puff, a leaping tongue of fire and the ribbon
vanished, leaving only a heap of pale flakes
against the darker, coarser ashes.

  Storm scattered them and was placing an
extra stick of wood upon the glowing coals
to make sure that the evidences of his work
would be wholly obliterated when the ut-
terance of his name in surprised accents
made him wheel as though a blow had been
dealt to him from behind.

CHAPTER XIV.

HIS BIRTHDAY.

“X I ORMAN! I thought you were in
I^ bed!” George, his short, obese fig-
ure, grotesque in an ugly striped
bathrobe, stood blinking in the doorway.
“ What on earth are you doing down here?
And what’s burning? There’s a funny
odor—”

  “ Wretched green wood. No wonder the
cook grumbles about this range; I thought
I should never get it going!” Storm inter-
rupted hastily. “ I couldn’t sleep, and
wanted a cup of coffee. There was no use
in disturbing the servants.”

“ Why didn’t you call me?” demanded
the other. “ I could have made it for you.
You look all done up, Norman. Did you
take that sleeping stuff Carr left for you?”
Storm shook his head.

  “ It would take more than that to bring
sleep to me to-night,” he said.

  “ Well, anyway, I don’t know what you
are poking about in here for!” objected
George. “ You’re a chump to try t® get
the range going at this hour when you’ve
got that electric percolator in the dining-
room. Here’s the coffee; come on in there
and I’ll have it ready for you in no time!”
Storm followed him in silence, only too
glad to get him away from the kitchen and
watched him as in deft bachelor-fashion, he
manipulated the percolator.

Storm drank the coffee when it was made

and then dragged George off to the library
where the latter at length fell asleep upon
the couch, but Storm sat huddled in his
chair, dry-eyed and brooding, until the
dawn.

  Wendle Foulkes appeared at nine o’clock,
his keen old face very solemn, and almost
his first words, when his condolences were
made, set at rest a question which Daly
had raised on the previous day.

  “ You know, of course, that Leila left
no will,” he began. “ At least, none to my
knowledge, and I am certain she would
have consulted me had she entertained any
thought of making one. Death was far-
thest from her imagining, poor child! What
she left is yours, of course, but we will have
to comply with the law and advertise for
heirs.”

  Storm made a gesture of wearied impa-
tience and the attorney went on:

  “ There is something I must tell you,
Norman. “ You were not my first visitor
on Monday morning. Leila had been be-
fore you; she left only a few minutes before
your arrival, but she had requested me to
say nothing to you of her coming.”

  “ But, why?” Storm stared.

  “ She came to consult me about a piece
of property which she wanted to buy; that
strip of land next your place here, over
which you and Alpheus Jaffray have hag-
gled and fought for years. She had got in
the old man’s good graces somehow, and
she believed that she could persuade him
to sell it to her even though he was so
violently antagonistic to you. I don’t mind
telling you frankly that I advised against
it, Norman. It would have taken all that
she had left of her original capital and I
knew how yours was dwindling, but she
won me over.”

  He paused and wiped his eyeglasses,
clearing his throat suspiciously meanwhile.
“ She ordered me to keep the proposed
transaction a secret from you and I prom-
ised, but now it is only right that you should
know. She left to go to Jaffray’s office,
over in the Leicester Building.”

George Holworthy, who was hovering in
the background drew in his breath sharply,
but Storm repeated with dogged insistence.
“ Why should my wife have wanted to
ASHES TO ASHES.

0*10

keep such a secret from me? I cannot un-
derstand it! She told me everything—”
He paused involuntarily, biting his lip.
There was one other thing she had not told
him, one that she had not confessed even at
the last!

  “ You would not have been kept in igno-
rance long.” The attorney’s tone was pity-
ing. “ Have you forgotten what day to-
morrow is?”

  “‘To-morrow’?” Storm repeated blankly.

  “ Your birthday.”

  “God!” The exclamation came from
George. . “ And the funeral! ”

  Storm sat as if turned to stone. It had
been for him! Her secret trip to town, her
innocent, pitiful subterfuges, her joy over
the letter which had told her that the sur-
prise she had planned was within her grasp!
All for him!

  Then a swift revulsion of feelirfg came.
Bah! It may have been to throw more dust
in his eyes, to render his confidence in her
doubly assured; a sop to her own consci-
ence, perhaps. The infinite reproach in her
eyes when he had accused her there in the
den, her air of conscious righteousness when
she had said: “ You will regret that ac-
cusation bitterly when you learn the
truth.” What a consummate actress she
had become!

  Fate had played into his hands* though;
he had witnessed her perfidy with his own
eyes. Had it not been for his opportune
return that night, how easily his suspicions
would have been allayed! How contrite
he would have been at his doubt of her and
how she and her lover would have gloated
over the ease with which he had been de-
ceived!

  But the others were looking at him,
amazed at his silence and with an effort
he pulled himself together.

  “Her last thought was for me!” His
voice shook with the irony of it, but to the
two men it was an evidence of purely na-
tural emotion. “The thought of it only
makes what has come harder for me to
bear! Her unselfishness, her devotion—”

  “ I know, boy, I know.” Foulkes laid
his hand for a moment on Storm’s shoulder.
“ You must try to remember that you have
been far luckier than most men; you have

had ten years of such perfect happiness as
falls to the lot of few of us!”

  “ That is true.” Storm bowed his head
to conceal the sneer of bitterness which rose
unbidden to his lips. “ I cannot realize that
it has come so suddenly, so horribly to an
end!”

  A brief discussion of business affairs en-
sued and then Wendle Foulkes took his de-
parture. A silence had fallen between the
other two which was broken at last by
George.

  “ So that was it!” he murmured as if to
himself. “ That was why she invented that
luncheon at the Ferndale Inn—”

  “ What?” demanded Storm, aghast. How
much did George know? “ Invented what
luncheon?”

  “ Don’t you remember when I dined here
with you—God! was it only last Monday
night?—and Leila told us she had lunched
that day at the Ferndale Inn, when in re-
ality she had been to the city? I repeated
the remark, because I could scarcely believe
my ears, but she stuck to her little fib. I
did wonder at your surprise for I had seen
you both in town at noon.”

  “ You had—seen us both?” Storm re-
peated.

  “ Yes. I was going through Cortlandt
Street when just across the way I saw Leila
coming out of the Leicester Building and
you standing there staring after her as
though you had seen a ghost,” George ex-
plained innocently. “ I started to hail you
and tried to cross, but a line of traffic got
in the way and when the street was clear
you had disappeared. I meant to tell you
that night, but I didn’t.”

  “ Why, that’s so! It must have been
Leila, after all, whom I saw.” Storm
weighed each word carefully. “ I wasn’t
sure, you know, she passed me so quickly
and when she spoke that night of having
been to the Ferndale Inn I naturally con-
cluded that I must have been mistaken; it
couldn’t have been she whom I saw. It did
not occur to me for a moment that she was
telling even a little white lie, for Leila has
never kept anything from me in all her life,
George.”

  He spoke with deliberate emphasis, triv-
ing desperately to eradicate from the other’s
234

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

mind the thought that he had been aware
of her deception. Confound the fellow!
Why had he, out of all in the city, been the
one to witness that unexpected meeting!
His silence later was significant, too. Had
he an inkling of Storm’s state of mind that
night?

  “ I see. Couldn’t imagine why she should
have kept her little expedition to herself,
but it wasn’t any affair of mine, of course.”
George spoke with an elaborate carelessness
which did not seem wholly convincing to
the critical ears of the other man. “ Funny
it should have deceived you, for she didn’t
take me in for a minute, she fibbed so—so
clumsily, bless her!

  “ I thought it probably some little joke
she was planning but your approaching
birthday never occurred to me. It is odd,
isn’t it, that we should have talked of old
Jaffray and that trout-stream when you
walked to the station with me later.”

  “ Leila knew how I had set my heart
upon it,” Storm returned. It would do no
good to revert to the topic of the lie. Re-
iterated explanation of his attitude would
only deepen any suspicion which George
might still entertain. To ignore it, to pass
it by as a thing of no moment was the
only course. “ Do you remember that she
complained of feeling ill that night?”

  George nodded.

  “ That was the first thing I thought of
when Millard broke' the news to me, after
I could begin to think at all,” he observed-.
“ She must have had a warning that one of
those attacks was coming on. I spoke of
it to her, as you may recall, but she denied
it; afraid of worrying you, I suppose. To
think that it should have come the very
next night when she was alone, and help-
less! ”

  Storm drew a deep breath. At least,
George had no shadow of a suspicion as to
the real cause of her death.

  “Don’t talk about it!” he implored.
“ I’ve reproached myself a hundred times
with not being at hand, but how could I
know?”

  “ Forgive me! You couldn’t, of course.
No one could have anticipated it. It was
to be, that’s all one can say, though God
only knows why! You were not to blame.”

  He threw his arm across the other’s
shoulders in an affectionate, consoling clasp
and in his mild, candid eyes Storm read
only pity, sorrow, and an abiding trustful-
ness.

CHAPTER XV.

THE BREWSTERS CALL.

“ I AM the resurrection and the life—”
The white-frocked minister’s voice
rose solemnly above the subdued
rustfings and sighing whispers in the little
vine-wreathed church, and the stirring
ceased. A robin peered in at one of the
open windows from his perch on a maple
bough and chirped inquiringly, and the
scent of lilacs was wafted in from the rec-
tor’s garden to mingle with the heavier
fragrance of lilies and white roses heaped
about the casket at the altar steps.

  It was such a small casket, almost like
that of a child, and fairly buried beneath
the weight of the floral offerings which
banked it; a varied collection of offerings,
for the costliest of hothouse set pieces min-
gled with sheaves of home-grown blossoms,
and rare orchids nestled beside humble wild
violets, but each had their place.

  The congregation, too, was a hetero-
geneous one. Rich and poor, smart and
shabby, the country club colony and the
villagers met in a common democracy to
do honor to their dead friend.

  “ The Lord gave and the Lord has taken
away—” The minister went on to the end
and then the voices of a hidden choir
chanted softly:	^

  “ Lord, Thou hast been our refuge: from one
generation to another.”

  In the front pew Norman Storm rested
his sleek head upon his black-gloved hand
and George Holworthy beside him cleared
his throat huskily. In the moment of still-
ness which followed the psalm a woman’s
sob rose from .somewhere back in the
church, the sound jangling in Storm’s ears
like a tpuch upon naked nerves.

  The last act of the farce, and then peace!
Peace in which to plan for the future, to
gain strength with which to shut out vain,
ASHES TO ASHES.

23-5

maddening memories, to meet and cope with
the change which his own act had wrought
in his life. But would peace come?

  Everything had gone smoothly, his
scheme to evade justice and preserve him-
self from danger had been crowned with
success, but in fortifying himself against
suspicion and accusation from outside, he
had not thought that a more subtle enemy
might arise to be faced and vanquished or
forever hold him in miserable thrall.

  His love for Leila had not died with her.
Despite her unfaithfulness, to the thought
of which he clung doggedly, he could not
exorcise her gentle influence. Everything
in the house spoke mutely to him of her,
everywhere he turned were evidences of her
care and thoughtfulness and charm!

  In vain he reminded himself that it was
over and done with, a closed chapter never
to be recalled. He was beginning to fear
himself, to dread the hours of solitude ahead
as much as he looked forward to them.
The voice of his conscience was whispering,
threatening, and he must silence it or know
no peace.

  George glanced furtively at him now and
then as the service went on, but he gave no
sign. It drew to a close at last and still he
sat there immersed in his own thoughts
until a touch upon his arm roused him to a
consciousness of the present.

  Half-way down the aisle Richard and
Julie Brewster, with exalted faces and hands
clasped like children, stood aside to let him
pass, but he did not even see them, and
those who pressed forward and would have
spoken paused at sight of his face. Pitying,
shocked murmurs followed him as he and
George stepped into the car, but he did not
heed them and the long ride to the cemetery
progressed in silence.

  The brief, simple service of committal,
the clods of earth falling dully, heavily into
the grave, and then came the interminable
drive home. George’s glances were less fur-
tive now, more openly charged with amaze-
ment.

  Storm had not shed a tear, had not
vouchsafed an utterance of emotion
throughout those solemn hours. His friend
wondered how great the reaction would be
from such long-pent-up grief, and as they

swept into the driveway before the silent,
empty house which awaited them he ven-
tured a suggestion.

  “ Norman, don’t you want to pack up
and come and stay in town with me for a
few days? The change will do you good
and give you time to — to get used to
things.”

  Storm stifled the exasperated rejoinder
which rose to his lips and replied quietly:

  “ Thanks, old man, but I want to be here,
alone. I’ve got to face facts sooner or
later, to bring myself to a realization that
she has gone, and I’m better off here.”

  “ Well, maybe that’s so,” George con-
ceded. “ Country air’s the best, and I’ll
run out now and then to cheer you up.
You’ll take to playing golf again after a
bit—”

 “Don’t!” The cry was wrung from
Storm’s very soul. Never again would he
hold a golf-stick in his hands! He could
see now before him that driver with the
dark stains spattered upon it and he re-
coiled shuddering from the apparition,
while George inwardly cursed his own tact-
lessness, the while wholly ignorant of how
his clumsy, well-meant effort at consolation
had pierced the armor of the other man’s
self-control.

  The fickle May sunshine vanished and
before the coming of twilight a bank of
heavy gray clouds formed in the west, pre-
saging a storm. They made a pretense of
dining while the rising wind swept gustily
about the house and moaned in the chim-
neys like a thing in pain.

  Storm still preserved his stoic calm and
George’s perturbation grew. It wasn’t na-
tural, wasn’t like the Norman he had known
from college days. The younger man had
always been outwardly reserved, but such
stern, almost deliberate self-repression was
new to him and filled his friend with vague
alarm.

  “ You didn’t close your eyes during the
night before last and you couldn’t have
slept much last night, Norman, for I heard
you walking the floor at all hours,” he re-
marked. “ Don’t you think it would be
well to call in Carr and have him look you
over and give you something quieting?
You’ll be ill if you keep this up.”
286

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ I’m all right!” Storm responded with a
touch of impatience. “ Don’t worry about
me, George. I’ll turn in early and by to-
morrow I’ll get a fresh grip on myself—”
“ I think you’ve got too tight a grip on
yourself as it is,” George interrupted.

  “ What do you mean?” Storm shot the
question at him almost fiercely. Was he
under surveillance, his every mood and gesr
ture subject to analysis? Why couldn’t the
other let him alone?

  “ You’re not meeting this normally,” re-
plied George in all seriousness. “ Hang it
all, I’d rather see you violent than like this!
There’s something horrible about your
calmness, the way you are clamping down
your feelings! If you would just give
way—”

  “ I can’t,” Storm protested in the first
wholly honest speech which had passed his
lips. “ I’m all frozen up. For God’s sake
don’t nag me, George, I’m about all in!”
The other subsided, but Storm could feel
his eyes upon him, and their mute solicitude
drove him to an inward frenzy. At all
costs he must get away from that insistent
scrutiny! He would lock himself in his
room, feign sleep, iilness, anything! George
had served his turn and Storm thanked for-
tune that business would of necessity de-
mand the fussy, faithful, little man’s pres-
ence in town the next day.
x He was casting about for an excuse as
they rose from the table when all at once
the front-door knocker sounded faintly, al-
most apologetically.

  “I can’t see any one! I won’t!” The
haggard lines deepened about Storm’s
mouth. “ In Heaven’s name, can’t they re-
spect my—my grief? I’m going up-stairs.
George, you get rid of them. Send them
away, whoever they are! ”

  But George did not send them away.
Listening from above Storm heard the front
door open and close, heard George’s low
rumble, and a reply in higher but softly
modulated feminine tones. Then came a
masculine voice which made him grip the
stair-rail in sudden fury not unmixed with
consternation.

  Richard Brewster! It couldn’t be, the
fellow would not dare intrude his presence
here, even though he fancied his secret un-

shared by any living soul! But that was
unmistakably Julie’s voice raised in almost
tearful pleading and then Brewster spoke
again.

  What had brought them here? Why
didn’t George get rid of them as he had
been told to do? Could it be that Julie had
discovered the truth of her husband’s un-
faithfulness and with a woman’s hysterical
notion of justice had brought Brewster here
to force his confession to the man he had
wronged?

  It was evident from the sound that
reached his ears that George was showing
them into the library, was taking it upon
himself to disregard Storm’s express com-
mands. Damn them all! Why couldn’t
they let him alone? A brief colloquy en-
sued and then George mounted the stairs.

  “Look here!” he began in a sepulchral
whisper. “ It’s the Brewsters, Norman,
and I think you ought to see them for a
minute. There’s something they want to
tell you—”

  “I don’t want to hear it!” interrupted
StQrm fiercely. “ Good God, man! can’t
you see I’m in no condition to listen to
a lot of vapid condolences? I told you to
send them away!”

  “ I would have done so but I think you
ought to let them tell you,” George in-
sisted with the meek, unyielding tenacity
which the other man had always found
exasperating. “ Julie Brewster is terribly
wrought up; she says that in justice to
—to Leila’s memory you must hear what
she has to say.”

CHAPTER XVI.

THE TRUTH.

IN justice to Leila’s memory! Storm gave
a sudden, involuntary start. There
could be no ambiguity about that phrase.
With a feeling as if the world were crash-
ing down about his ears, he thrust George
unceremoniously aside and descended the
stairs.

  They were standing side by side on the
hearthrug awaiting him, Julie in tears but
with her face bravely lifted to his, Brewster
meeting his eyes without a tremor.
ASHES TO ASHES.

1

  “ It is good of you to see us, Mr. Storm.”
Julie was making an obvious effort to con-
trol her emotion. “ We wouldn’t have in-
truded, but I wanted you to know the
truth; I couldn’t bear the thought that the
shadow of even the slightest misunderstand-
ing should rest between you and—and
Leila’s memory now, especially when it
was all my fault.”

  “ ‘ Your fault ’?” Storm repeated. “ Sit
down, please. I don’t understand—”

  “ We won’t detain you long, old man.”
It was Brewster who spoke, but his words
failed to pierce the tumult in the other’s
brain. “ We felt it would comfort you as
much as anything could to know that al-
most her last thought on earth had been
for the happiness of others.”

  Storm’s eyes had never left the woman’s
face and to their mute command she re-
sponded :

  “I’m not going to try your patience with
a long story of my own foolishness, but
I did a wicked, selfish thing in dragging
poor Leila into my troubles just to save
myself. She was so generous, so self-sac-
rificing that she did not murmur at the
risk to herself, and I never realized until
she—she was dead that I might have been
the cause of a misunderstanding between
you at the very last. It has almost killed
me to think of it, and I simply had to
come and tell you the truth about the
whole affair!”

  Storm tried to collect his reeling senses,
but only one clear thought came to his
rescue. These people must never know,
never suspect that any trouble had arisen
between him and Leila. He steadied his
voice with an effort at composure.

  “ I don’t know what you mean, Mrs.
Brewster. If my poor wife was able to
help you out of any difficulty—I am glad,
but I know nothing of it. You speak of a
risk—?”

  “ Yes. I have been very foolish—wil-
fully, blindly foolish—in the way I’ve acted
for weeks past.” She paused and then
hurried on shamefacedly. “ You see, I
thought Dick was neglecting me, and to
pay him out I’ve been flirting outrageously
with Ted Mattison. Leila tried to influence
me but I wouldn’t listen to her and when

237

Dick woke up to what was going on and
ordered me to not even speak to Ted again
I—I resented it and defied him.

  “ Last Monday I motored out to the
Ferndale Inn for lunch alone with Ted,
and some horrid, gossipy people were there
who knew how I’d been trotting about. I
didn’t think they had caught a glimpse of
Ted then, but I was sure that if they had
recognized me they would put two and
two together and tell Dick, and I was
afraid; terribly afraid, for Dick had
threatened to leave me if I disobeyed him.

  “ As soon as I reached home that after-
noon I rushed to Leila, told her the whole
thing and made her promise to say that
she had been to the inn with me. It
never occurred to me that that promise
would make her tell you a lie; I’m afraid
I didn’t think about anything except the
trouble I was in and how to get out of it.”

  So that was it! They had come to ex-
plain about that paltry lie! Brewster
dared to stand there while his wife made
her trivial confession, while all the time—-
A turbulent flame of rage arose in Storm’s
heart, but he quelled it rigorously. Cau-
tion, now! Brewster must not suspect!

  “ I knew that my wife had not been with
you.” Could that be his own voice speak-
ing with such quiet restraint? “ In fact,
I had seen her myself in town at noon,
although she did not know it. Please don’t
distress yourself further, Mrs. Brewster; I
knew what her errand was in town and
why she wished to keep it from me.”

  “ Oh! ” Julie stared for a moment and
then added miserably: “ Leila was sure
that you guessed she had fibbed to you.
The very next day—the last day of her
life—she begged me to absolve her from
her promise, for she said you had seemed
so strange and cold to her that morning,
she was afraid you suspected and it was
the first time she had ever told you an
untruth!”

  “ She must have imagined a change in
my attitude,” Storm said hastily. “ I was
preoccupied and in a hurry to get to town,
but that little white lie never gave me a
moment’s uneasiness. I would have chaffed
her about it only I did not want to spoil
her surprise.”
238

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “Surprise!” Julie echoed.

  “ Yes. When I had seen her in town
the day before she was just coming out of
Alpheus Jaffray’s office in the Leicester
Building.” He felt a measure of grim sat-
isfaction at Brewster’s uncontrollable start.
“ She had been there to arrange to purchase
from him the trout-stream which adjoins the
property here and which he had refused to
sell me; you know as well as all the rest
of the crowd what a veritable feud has
existed between the old fellow and me.
I learned the truth from my attorney,
whom Leila had consulted previously about
the transaction. My poor wife intended
it as a birthday surprise for me. . My birth-
day is to-day—to-day! ”

  He turned away to hide the rage which
was fast getting beyond his control at the
smug, hypocritical presence of that other
man, but his emotion was misread by both
his companions.

  “ To-day! How terrible for you, Storm!”
began Brewster, but his wife sobbed.

  “ If Leila had only guessed! But that
untruth made her positively wretched!
Why, when I telephoned to her late that
night and she came out to meet me—”

  “ You telephoned to her! She met
you—” The room whirled and grew black
before Storm’s eyes and the woman’s voice,
although clear and distinct, seemed to
come from far away.

  “ Yes. I’d had a terrible row with Dick
when he came home that night and I knew
he had heard something more about Ted,
though I didn’t -know what. I was nearly
crazy, Mr. Storm, and when he rushed out
of the house in anger, I phoned Leila and
begged her to meet me and help me; tell
me what to do!

  “ She had promised that afternoon to
come to me if I needed her. You had
gone to the station with Mr. Holworthy
when I called up and Leila did meet me,
at the edge of the golf course.

  “ She urged me to tell Dick everything,
but I wouldn’t. I might just as well have
done so, though, for those horrid people
had seen Ted with me at the Inn, after
all, and they went straight to Dick the
next day. If only I hadn’t persuaded Leila
to lie for me! It wasn’t any use and it

made some of her last hours unhappy. I
shall never forgive myself—never! Oh,
don’t look at me like that, Mr. Storm!

I can’t bear it!”

  Storm had slowly risen from his chair,
one hand clutching the table edge as though
for support, his eyes fixed in an unwavering
gaze of horror at the one thing visible in
the whirling vortex about him; the white
face of Julie. In his dazed brain a hideous
fact was taking shape and form, and his
soul cowered before it.

  He essayed to speak, but no sound issued
from his dry lips and Brewster stepped
forward.

  “ Try not to blame Julie too much, old
man,” he begged. “ You see, the poor little
girl was desperate. I was as much at fault
in the situation between us as she was; your
dear wife showed me that and brought me
to reason. The last act of her life was to
save me from wrecking both mine and
Julie’s, and we can never be grateful enough
to her memory. That is why we had to
come here to-night to tell you.”

  Slowly Storm’s gaze shifted to the other
man’s face and the inexorable truth of
Brewster’s sincerity was forced upon his
wretched consciousness. Still he could find
no words, and the other continued:

  “ When I confronted Julie and she stuck
to her story, I came here to your wife
to confirm the truth of what I had heard.
She was loyal to Julie; she tried to make
me believe that she had accompanied her
to the inn, but she was too inherently
honest to brave it out and I practically
tricked her into admitting the truth.

  “ I was going to rush home then in my
jealous rage and break with Julie forever,
but your wife restrained me, Storm; she
convinced me that Julie hadn’t done any-
thing really wrong, anything that I could
not forgive, and showed me where I, too,
had been at fault in neglecting her for my
business, even though it was for her that I
wanted to succeed. She made me see that
we could begin all over again on a firmer
basis even than before, just when I thought
everything was ended and the future held
nothing but separation and despair.

  “ I can’t tell you what it meant to me,
that quiet talk with your wife here in
ASHES TO ASHES.

239

this very room! It was Tuesday night, you
know, and death must have come to her
shortly after. I can’t realize it even now;
she seemed so radiant, so splendidly alive!
I’ll never forget what she did for me, and
if I thought that—that the excitement of
our interview— I’m afraid I made rather
a scene! If it hurt her, brought on that
stroke, or fainting spell—”

  “ No. It was a form of catalepsy, you
know.” A totally strange voice was speak-
ing in a monotonous, dragging undertone.
Storm did not recognize it as his own.
Blind instinct alone braced him to a last
effort to dissemble. “ No one could pre-
dict when it was coming on or what caused
it. No one to blame.”

  The lie died in his throat, and all at
once he began to tremble violently as if
the chill of the grave itself were upon
him. He caught at the table again, his
whole body shaking, collapsing, and with
a harsh strangling cry the floodgates were
opened at last. Sinking to his knees, he
buried his face in his arms lest the guilt
which consumed him be revealed, and
sobbed out his anguish unrestrained.

  He did not feel Julie’s arms about him,
her tears against his cheek, nor know when
her husband led her gently away. He
was face to face with the warped and
blackened thing which was his soul, and
with that vision he descended to the nether-
most depths.

CHAPTER XVII.

BACK IN HARNESS.

WHEN Storm came to himself he was
lying on the library couch with the
gray dawn seeping in at the cur-
tained windows and George’s rotund figure
in the hideous, striped bathrobe looming up
grotesquely from an improvised bed formed
of two armchairs.

  Storm felt a vague sense of irritation.
What was he doing there, dressed save for
his shoes and collar, instead of being in
pajamas in his own bed, and why was
George hanging around?

  Then the mists of sleep cleared from his
brain and remembrance came.

  Leila was innocent, and he had killed
her! True to him in every act and word
and thought, yet he had flung a monstrous
accusation at her, and struck her down.
His Leila! He saw her again as she lay
huddled at his feet and could have cried
aloud in his anguish.

  If he could but take back that blow!

If only it were given him to live over once
more the time which had passed since he
saw her on .that crowded street and doubt
first entered his mind! If he could only
speak to her, tell her—

  Then a measure of sanity returned to
him. She was dead. He had killed her.
Nothing could alter that, nothing could
bring her back. No reparation, no expi-
ation would undo his mad act and restore
the life that he had taken.

  If he himself were to live, to go on,
he must put behind him all thought of
the past; crush back this creeping menace
of remorse which threatened to overwhelm
him. Regret would avail him nothing now.
He had loved the woman who had shared
his life for ten years, but she was gone and
the future was before him, long years in
which, since he could not atone, he must
school himself to forget.

  At least no one would ever suspect the
secret which he carried in his heart. The
worst was Over; he had fooled them all!
But with the thought a new terror gripped
him by the throat. What had he done;
what had he said when the revelation of
Leila’s innocence swept him from his moor-
ings of self-control?

  The Brewsters had been there, both of
them, staring at him as though the ghost
of Leila herself had risen to accuse him!
George must have been hovering about
somewhere, too; must have taken care of
him, helped him to the couch, watched
over him throughout those hours of uncon-
sciousness, and listened! Great God! Had
he betrayed himself? What might he not
have said?

  The light was growing brighter now, .
bringing out the familiar shapes of the
furniture against the gloom and revealing
in startling clarity the tired lines in the
relaxed face of his self-appointed nurse.
Storm sat up and scrutinized it half-fear-
240

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

fully. Could George sleep like that, ex-
hausted though he might well be, if he had
gained an inkling of the truth?

    It seemed impossible and yet Storm felt
  that he must know the worst. A direct
  accusation, even, would be better than this
  suspense. The first look would tell, the
  first glance that passed between them.

    Storm coughed and George’s eyes opened
 sleepily, wandered vaguely about, and then
 as they came to bear on the upright figure
 on the couch, warmed with a sudden clear
 light of affectionate compassion.

   “ Norman, old boy, how do you feel?
 Can I get you anything?”

    Storm sank back with a sigh of relief.

   “ No. I—a drink of water—” he
 mumbled and closed his eyes as George
 rose and padded off in his flapping slippers
 down the hall. There still remained .the
 Brewsters, and his sudden collapse in their
 presence was enough of itself to arouse their
 suspicion aside from the wild words which
 might have issued unbidden from his lips.
 He must learn what had taken place!

   When George returned with the glass,
 Storm drained it and then asked weakly:
 “ Went to pieces, didn’t I?”

   “ You sure did, but it was coming to
 you,” George affirmed. “ You’re all right
 now though, so just rest and try not to
 think of anything. Carr fixed you up in
 good shape—”

   “Oh, Lord!” groaned Storm. “Carr!
 I didn’t even know he was here! How did
 you get rid of the Brewsters?”

   “Well, it wasn’t easy!” A faint smile
 lighted George’s tired face. “ Dick’s got
 sense enough, but that little scatter-brained
 wife of his wanted to stay and take care
 of you! It was all I could do to per-
 suade her to go home.”

   “ And all that while I was making an
 exhibition of myself before them!” Storm
 exclaimed bitterly.

    “ You were not,” retorted George. “ You
  broke down, of course, just as I knew you

•	must, sooner or later. I hadn’t been easy
 in my mind about you all day and I didn’t
 like the look on your face when you went
 down to the library to see them, so I stuck
 around; not eavesdropping, old boy, but to
 be at hand in case you needed me. I could

hear your voices, and then you gave a kind
of a cry and I butted in.

  “ I found Julie fussing over you and I
motioned to her husband to get her away
into the drawing-room. He came back and
we put you on the couch and that’s all
there is to it. I told them to stop in at
Carr’s and send him here on their way
home.”

  “ What did I say? I mean,” Storm has-
tily amended, “ I don’t remember anything.
Julie and Dick came to tell me how Leila
had brought them together again when they
were on the point of a separation. 'You
remember when she told us that she had
been out to the Ferndale Inn with Julie?
That wasn’t only to keep her visit to old
Jaffray’s office secret, but because she had
promised Julie to lie for her.

  “ They thought I might have misunder-
stood, and that it would comfort me to
know she had made peace between them,
but instead it—it broke me up! The full
realization came over me of all I had lost
and I w’ent off my head, I guess. Tell #ie
what I said, George?”

  “ Why, nothing! You just—hang it all,
man, you gave way to your feelings, that’s
all! You didn’t say anything,” George
replied uncomfortably. “ When the doc-
tor came he gave you a good stiff hypo-
dermic and you dropped off to sleep like
a baby. You’re bound to feel rocky, you
know, but you’re over the worst of it!”

  “ Poor old George!” With renewed con-
fidence there came to Storm a twinge of
compunction. “ You loo^ as though you
needed the doctor yourself! You must
have had a rotten night.”

  “ Never you mind about me!” returned
George gruffly. “ Here! Carr said you
were to take this when you woke up and
not to talk too much.”

  Obediently, Storm took the medicine and
almost immediately drifted off into troubled
sleep.

  It was broad noon when he awakened
once more with the fragrant odor of coffee
in the air and George standing before him,
dressed for departure.

  “ Sorry, old boy, but I’ve got to run up
to town, you know. You’ll be all right
for a few hours and I’ll be back before
ASHES TO ASHES.

241

night. Drink your coffee, take a cold bath
and get out on the veranda in the sun.
Nobody ’11 bother you; I’ve seen to that.”

  Storm tried faintly to protest against
George’s return; he didn’t need any care;
he would be better off alone, and the
other mustn’t neglect his business affairs
any longer. But George was not to be
swerved from his purpose and after a few
hours of solitude, Storm was in a mood
to welcome his return. In his weakened
state he did not find it easy to keep his
truant thoughts from straying to the past
and a horror which he was unable to
combat made him shun his own society.

  For the next few days while the flood of
condolences still poured in he clung to
George as to an anchor, but when the
last dismal conventions had been observed
and the household had settled down to
something like order, his old feeling of irri-
tation against his friend returned. George’s
eternal pussy-footing about the house as
though death yet lingered there, his lugubri-
ous face and labored attempts at cheer and
consolation became insupportable and his
host breathed a sigh of relief when he ulti-
mately departed.

  Spring advanced and with returning
strength, Storm’s nerves steadied and secure
in the knowledge that his guilt was buried
forever, he took up the daily round once
more.

  A week after the funeral, he returned
to his sinecure at the offices of the Mam-
moth Trust Company. The neighbors,
possibly because of George’s forewarning,
had left him considerately alone in the in-
terim, but now as he stood on the station
platform awaiting his customary train for
the city, the ubiquitous Millard advanced,
beaming.

  “ By Jove, this is good, old chap! Glad
you are getting back into harness again;
best thing for you!” he exclaimed. “ Fine
weather we’re having now, and the course
is in wonderful condition; never better!
I’m in topping form, if I do say it, haven’t
missed a day.”

  Despite his volubility, there was an odd
constraint in his manner and Storm eyed
him curiously. Could it be a latent sus-
picion?

    5	A-S

  “ You’ll be going in for the tournament?”
he inquired briefly.

. “ Surest thing you know! Too bad
you—” Millard caught himself up. “ I
say, though, why don’t you get up early
now and then and play a round or two
with me before breakfast? Nobody else out
then and it would do you no end of good.
How about to-morrow?”

  Storm shook his head, checking the
shudder which came involuntarily at the
suggestion.

  “ Thanks, but I’m not quite up to it.
I think I’ll let golf alone for a while,” he
replied, adding hastily as he saw signs of
remonstrance in the other’s face. “ I’ve
got too much to do, reinvestments to make
and that sort of thing.”

  “ Of course,” Millard nodded. “ You’ll
have your hands full, but you would find
that an occasional round would set you
up wonderfully. Nothing like it to
straighten you out and take your mind off
things. Just phone me if you feel like it
any day, old chap, and I’ll join you.”

CHAPTER XVIII.

ESCAPE.

THE appearance of several belated fel-
low-commuters saved Storm from the
necessity of a reply and as they came
up to greet him he eyed each in turn fur-
tively.

  They were cordial enough but none al-
luded directly to his bereavement, and the
same constraint was evident in their bear-
ing .that Millard had manifested. He con-
tinued to study them on the train from
behind the shelter of his newspaper. Un-
mistakable relief had registered itself on
their faces when the train came, and now
a few of them were ostentatiously buried
in the market reports but for the most part
in groups of two and three they were dis-
cussing their business affairs and to the
listener their tones seemed unnecessarily
raised. Not one had ventured to take the
vacant seat beside him.

  Had the Brewsters spread broadcast the
story of his emotional outburst in their pres-
ence, and could it have occasioned remark,
242

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

started vague rumor and conjecture which
might yet lead to the discovery of the
truth? In vain he told himself that he
was overanalytical, that these old friends
shrank not from him but from dilating
upon his tragic loss. To his apprehensive
imagination their manner held a deeper
significance than that of mere masculine
inability to voice their sympathy, and with
gnawing persistency the menacing possi-
bilities rankled in his brain.

  At the office, after the formal condo-
lences of his associates, Storm slipped me-
chanically into the old, well-ordered routine,
but here, too, he fancied that he was being
eyed askance. He could at least avoid
running the gantlet of his clubs for a time
without occasioning any remark, but the
thought of Greenlea itself and all that it
held for him had become obnoxious,
hideous! The return to that empty house
day after day; could he endure it without
going mad?

  He caught the club-car in a mood of surly
defiance, but he had scarcely taken his
accustomed place when Richard Brewster
appeared, and, without waiting for an invi-
tation, seated himself beside him.

  “ Awfully glad to see you on the job
again.” He spoke heartily, and his beaming
face corroborated his words. “ We were
worried about you, you know, the other
night; Julie wanted to stay and take care
of you, but Holworthy wouldn’t hear of it.
I hope you’ve forgiven us for intruding.”
Storm eyed him watchfully, but the guile-
less friendliness of the younger man was
patent, and the other sighed in relief.

  “ I understand your motive, and I thank
you both for coming,” he said after a mo-
ment’s pause. “ Sorry I lost control of my-
self, but I’d been keeping up for so long—”
“ It was only natural,” Brewster inter-
rupted. “ You’ll be leaving us, I suppose,
for a time anyway, as soon as you’ve got
the estate settled. We’ll miss you—”

  “ Leaving?’- Storm stared.

  “ You’ll go away for a—a rest, won’t
you? New scenes and all that sort of thing?
It will be hard for you to go on here—”
The younger man broke off, adding hastily:
“ Julie was saying only this morning at
breakfast that if you decided to keep the

house open you would need a housekeeper,
and she knows of a splendid woman, an
elderly widow in reduced circumstances—”

  Storm halted him with an abrupt gesture
of negation.

  “I haven’t made any plans yet, Brewster.
The maids I’ve got are used to my ways
and capable of running things temporarily,
although it will be necessary to make other
arrangements, of course, if I decide to re-
main in Greenlea.” The reply was mechan-
ical, for his thoughts were busied with the
new vista which the other’s assumption had
opened before his mental vision. “ I am
grateful to Mrs. Brewster for her interest,
and if I need the woman of whom she spoke
I will let her know. Just now I am drift-
ing; I haven’t looked ahead.”

  Barker met him as usual at the station
and during the short drive home he glanced
about him at the smug, familiar scene with
a buoyant sense of coming escape. To get
away! To cut loose now, at once, from all
these prying people, the petty social inter-
course, the thousand and one things which
reminded him of Leila and of what he had
done!

  The revulsion of feeling from the content-
ment of past years which had swept over
him that day culminated with a sudden rush
of hatred for it all. The house loomed be-
fore him a veritable nightmare, and the
coming days had appeared each a separate
ordeal from the prospect of which he shrank
with unutterable loathing.

  He had felt chained to the old order of
things by the fear of arousing suspicion if
he ran away precipitately, but the one man
of whose opinion he had been most appre-
hensive had himself suggested the way out
as the most natural course in the world.

  Storm could have laughed at his uneasi-
ness of the morning; the other fellows had
been merely embarrassed, that was all, re-
luctant to mention his tragic bereavement,
and trying with awkward constraint to
bridge over the chasm. If they took it for
granted, as Brewster did, that he would
sesk a temporary change of scene, the main
obstacle was removed from his path. It
would be a simple matter to sell the house
and then the world would be before him.

  On the hall table he found a letter from
ASHES TO ASHES.

213

George Holworthy, and tore it open with an
absent-minded smile. He would soon be
free even from old George. He read:

Dear Norman :

  Tried to get out to see you to-night, but must
meet Abbott. Had a talk with Jim Potter yes-
terday. The firm has ordered him to the coast
immediately, and he is winding up his affairs
here, and wants to get rid of his apartment.
Willing to rent furnished, just as it stands, cheap,
until his lease is up in October. It is a bully little
place up on the Drive, and the stuff he has there
is all a fellow would want to keep bachelor's hall.
Why don’t you take it off his hands and close up
the house out there? Jim will take his man
with him, but you can get another, and New
York is the best little old summer resort in the
world. Take my advice and get out of that
place for a while anyway. I told Jim I'd write
you, but you’ve got to speak quick if you want
to take him up on it. Think it over.

                                  Yours,

George.

  Storm folded the letter slowly. He knew
Potter, knew the comfortable, even luxuri-
ous, sort of place his ease-loving soul would
have demanded, yet he had wished to go
farther afield. The first thought of escape
had entailed a vague dream of other coun-
tries; South America, perhaps, or the Far
East, but now he forced himself sternly back
to the realities of the situation.

  Such an adventure would mean money,
more ready cash than he could command at
the moment. It would mean waiting until
the house was sold, and burning his bridges
as far as the trust company was concerned.
Moreover, the few thousands the house
would bring would not last long, and unless
he connected with new business wherever
he went, he had nothing to fall back upon
but the beggarly three thousand a year
which was left from his share of his father’s
estate. He must convert the capital into
cash, and Foulkes had warned him that
that would take time. Could he wait there,
within those four walls which had witnessed
what he had done?

  He dined in a meditative silence, oblivious
to the anxious ministrations of Agnes. The
empty place opposite, the chair in its new,
unaccustomed position against the wall, the
silence and shadows all worked upon his
mood.

  Potter’s quarters in town would at least

bear no reminders to mock and accuse him
at every turn, and drag his treacherous
thoughts back to a past which must be
buried. He would be free, too, from Brew-
ster, and Millard, and the rest of them, but
on the other hand George would be con-
stantly thrusting his society upon him.

  Undecided, he wandered out to the ve-
randa, but the vines which Leila had tended
peered at him over the rail and whispered
together; in the library her books, her desk,
the foolish, impractical reading-lamp she
had bought for him, all mutely recalled her
vanished presence. There remained only
the drawing-room where her body had lain,
the den.

  With a shudder he turned and mounted
the stairs. The blank, closed door of her
room stared at him, and within his own were
evidences on every hand of feminine
thoughtfulness and care. Her influence
vibrated like a living thing, all about him,
clutching him by the throat, smothering
him. Anything, anywhere would be prefer-
able to this.

  It was only half past nine. He could not
go to the country club, he shrank from the
society of any of his neighbors; he could
neither sleep, nor read, nor find a corner
which did not cry aloud of Leila, Leila!
There would be other nights like this, weeks
of them.

  In swift rebellion he descended to the
library, seized the telephone, and asked for
a number.

  “ Mr. Holworthy, please. That you,
George? Yes, Norman. I’ve got your let-
ter, and you’re right. I can’t stand it out
here. I’ll take Potter’s rooms at his own
price, and I want possession by Monday.
All right, fix it, will you? No, but it’s got
on my nerves; I can’t go on; I—it’s hell!”

CHAPTER XIX.

CHANGE OF SCENE.

“' | ’OLD you you’d like it here.” George
Holworthy crossed one pudgy knee
over the other and eyed his friend’s
back at the window with immense satisfac-
tion. “Old Jim certainly knows how to live,
doesn’t he, from percolators to night-lights?
244

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

You’ll be mighty comfortable here, Nor-
man.”

  Storm turned slowly from his contempla-
tion of the shadowed park below, the broad
sweep of river and twinkle of the Palisades
beyond.

  “ It’s great! ” he declared briefly, but
with a ringing, buoyant note which had
long been absent from his tones. “ I tell
you, George, old boy, I feel like a new man
already! I never knew until now how stag-
nant a backwater like Greenlea can make a.
fellow become. Same old trains, same old
country club, same old crowd of petty-
minded busybodies. Lord! I don’t see how
I stood it all these years.”

  The outburst was spontaneous, and not
until he saw the look of reproachful amaze-
ment which crossed George’s face did he
realize that he had lowered his guard.

  “ You were happy,” ventured George.

  “ Of course,” Storm hastened to ac-
quiesce. “ That made all the difference.
But alone—”

  He shrugged and turned away lest the
other read too clearly the change which had
come with his escape from the scene of his
crime. Significant of that change was the
fact that he could think of his deed as a
crime now without shrinking. After the
first shock of horror and remorse had passed
together with the fear of detection, a sense
of triumph began to dominate him, a sort
of pride in himself and his achievement.

  He had hoodwinked them all. He, who
had fancied himself a weakling merely be-
cause luck had been against him in the past,
had proved his strength, his invincibility
now. Old George, sitting there so placidly,
blinking at him with those good-natured,
near-sighted eyes of his; how little he sus-
pected, how little he could ever suspect of
the truth. The rest of them, with their
smug condolences and pity. Gad! how easy
it had been.

  “ What do you think of Homachi?”
George’s question broke in upon his self-
congratulation.

  “ The Jap you got for me? He’s an im-
provement on Agnes, I can tell you.” Storm
opened the bronze humidor and offered it.
“ Smoke? You’ve no idea how that girl’s
sniffling got on my nerves. Of course I

appreciated her feelings, but hang it all, a
man can’t buck up and carry on with other
people constantly thrusting his own sorrow
at him.

  “ Homachi is a cheerful, grinning little
cuss, and he certainly can make an omelet.
Come up and have breakfast some Sunday
morning and you’ll see.”

  “ Thanks,” George spoke, a trifle dryly.
“ Glad you like him. Have you made any
plans yet about the disposition of the Green-
lea house?”

  The constraint in his tone warned Storm
that for the second time he had shown his
hand too plainly, and he forced a look of
pained surprise.

  “ Disposition of the house?” he echoed.
“ Heavens, no! It’s closed up, of course,
and I’ve left MacWhirter there as care-
taker. It was one of Leila’s last wishes,
you know, to give him employment when he
came out of the Base Hospital. I hadn’t
dreamed of disposing of it; I couldn’t bear
to think of strangers in her garden, under
her roof, in the home she so loved.

   “ If I’m glad to be out of it, it’s not that
I am callous, but that everything about it
affects me too much, George. You ought to
be able to understand. If I hug my grief
I’ll just simply go under, and Leila herself
wouldn’t want that.”

  “ I do understand, old man.” George’s
voice trembled now with quick sympathy
and Storm hid a smile of relief. “ You're
trying to be brave for her sake, and it is
fine of you. Stay away from the place by
all means while it makes you feel that way.
You could do worse than take a lease here
for yourself next year when Jim’s expires.”
Storm shook his head.

  “I’ve been thinking that I’d like to take
a trip somewhere, later on,” he said slowly,
watching the other’s face through narrowed
lids. “ A long trip; China, or South Amer-
ica, or away up north. I could come back
and start all over again.”

  “ But your position with the trust com-
pany?” George sputtered. “ They couldn’t
put a man in your place and then oust him
for you when you came back.”

  “ I wouldn’t expect them to,” Storm re-
sponded. “ To tell you the truth, I feel that
I’ve been stagnating there, too. It’s a sine-
ASHES TO ASHES.

245

cure, and I’ve been content to drift along,
sure of the income and not taking chances,
but I’m responsible for no one else now, and
I can afford a risk.”

  George rose.

  “ Don’t do anything rash,” he advised.
“ Fifteen thousand a year is a mighty safe
little bet in these uncertain times, and
you’ve never known what it is to get out
for yourself, you know. You’ve got the
habit of luxury—”

 “ And no business head? Thanks,”
drawled his host pleasantly. “ I’m not
going to make a fool of myself and kill the
goose until I find golden eggs elsewhere.
That notion of a trip was just an impulse.
I may get over this restless fit and settle
down here permanently, after all. I like
these rooms of Jim’s, and town looks good
to me.”

  Nevertheless, the next day found him in
Wendle Foulkes’s office facing the keen old
attorney with an air of quiet command
which brooked no expostulation.

  “ How long will it take you to convert
my securities into cash?” he demanded.
“ When we talked about it a fortnight ago I
listened to you because of my wife, but now
I’ve only myself to consider, and I have a
right to take a risk if I feel inclined with my
own.”

  “ Of course you have, my boy,” Foulkes
returned slowly. “ I have gone beyond my
province, perhaps, in trying to influence
you, but I promised your father—however,
I’ve nothing more to say. I will have the
cash for you in ten days. You have exactly
fifty thousand dollars, on which you’ve been
getting six per cent; I hope you’ll be able
to better it.”

  “ Thanks.” Storm was conscious of an
air of defeat in the old man’s manner, and
he resented it vaguely, then shrugged. What
did it matter, anyway? He would be free
from this pettifogging nuisance soon enough.
“ About the other matter—”

  “ You mean Leila’s estate?” Foulkes’s
tone softened. “ I have the papers all here
for you to look over. We must advertise
for claims for six months, of course; a mere
formality, in this case, and then what she
left can be turned over to you.

  “ She had just fourteen thousand when

she married you, and spent eleven of it.
Here are the accounts. It was a matter of
pride with her to buy your Christmas and
birthday presents with her own money,
Norman, and I couldn’t gainsay her. Two
thousand went for that black pearl scarf-
pin, three thousand—”

  “ Don’t!” Storm cried sharply. “ I don’t
want to hear all that! You can send the
papers up to my rooms. Can’t you see—”

  He stopped with a gesture of repugnance,
and the attorney, ignorant of the source
of his emotion, nodded compassionately.

  “ I know,’ my boy, but I want you to see
how matters stand. There are three thou-
sand left of the principal, which were to
have been paid to Jaffray for that land
adjoining yours, and accrued interest on the
constantly depleted original capital, which
aggregates almost as much again. Her
estate, roughly speaking, will amount to
between five and six thousand dollars; I’ll
send you the exact figures.”

  “I don’t care about them! I’m not
thinking of what she left, it isn’t that.”
Storm rose, unable to meet the kindly gaze
of the older man. “ I only want to get the
whole thing settled and done with. I can’t
bear to discuss it; these details are horrible,
impossible for me to contemplate sanely just
yet.”

  “ I quite understand, Norman, but they
must be attended to, you know.” Foulkes
rose and held out his hand. “ I’ll render
you an accounting in six months, and then
it will be over.

  “ About your own affairs. You have
never taken the advice I volunteered with
very good grace, and I shall not offer any
now. I am getting old and you are no
longer a boy; you know your own mind.
However, if in the future you feel the need
of disinterested counsel or help you know
where to come for it.”

  “ Thank you, sir.” Storm felt an odd
sense of contrition. “I’m not going into
that South American scheme. I shall look
around before deciding definitely on what I
have in mind, and I’m sorry if I have
seemed to resent your interest in the past.
A man can’t be in leading strings all his
life, you know, and I have a good, conserva-
tive proposition now.”
246

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  He had. Storm chuckled grimly to him-
self as he departed. Fifty thousand would
carry him far away, give him a year or two
of utterly care-free existence, and leave a
respectable sum to start in some fresh ven-
ture. The European countries were practi-
cally bankrupt; a little cash would bring
monumental returns, and in some conti-
nental capital he would start a new life.

  Just as the thought of escape from Green-
lea had made his surroundings there sud-
denly intolerable, so now the contemplation
of utter freedom and a wider vista brought
with it an impatience, a longing for instant
action. The lease on Potter’s rooms, the
trumpery five thousand from Leila’s estate
—these details need not deter or delay him.

  Another thought did, however. It was
one thing, and a perfectly natural one,
under the circumstances, for him to have
closed the house and moved to town; it
would be quite another question were he to
throw up a fifteen-thousand-a-year job,
seize all the cash he could lay his hands
upon, and rush out of the country. No man
in his sane senses would take such a step
unless some more urgent and sinister motive
actuated him than a mere desire for forget-
fulness of grief in strange scenes and a new
environment.

  Forcing himself to regard it from a de-
tached point of view, he saw the madness of
that course. His imagination conjured up
the blank amazement which would ensue
not only among the Greenlea people, but
in his town clubs, in the trust company.
There would be hints that grief had un-
settled his reason, then darker whispers
still; whispers which would grow in volume
until the echo of them reached him wherever
he might be, at the uttermost ends of the
earth.

  He must not spoil it all now by a precipi-
tate move; he must possess his soul in
patience until a favorable opportunity pre-
sented itself. He had inserted an opening
wedge in mentioning his tentative intention
to George; in a few weeks he would refer
to it again, speaking of it casually but
frequent as a trip with definitely planned
limitations, and hinting at a sound business
proposition which awaited his return. The
idea must filter through the clubs and out

to Greenlea, must have become an old story
before he finally acted upon it, so that his
going would occasion no remark.

  Once away, it would be simple enough to
cable his instructions regarding the sale of
the house and postpone his return from time
to time until the old crowd had practically
forgotten him. George would remember,
but old George wouldn’t suspect the truth if
he vanished to-morrow.

  With the onus of fear lifted from him
Storm still shrank from solitude. Decency
and convention precluded an immediate
return to his clubs, and he desired above
all things to avoid the society of those who
knew him and the details of the recent
tragedy.

  He took to satisfying his gregarious need
by seeking out-of-the-way hotels and res-
taurants frequented for the most part by
the visiting foreigners who thronged the
city, where sitting long over his coffee he
could lose himself in the study of his
neighbors.

  On an evening a few days after his inter-
view with Foulkes he was seated at a table
in an old-fashioned French hostelry far
downtown, listening to the snatches of stac-
cato conversation which rose above the sub-
dued cadences of the orchestra and watching
the scene brilliant with the uniforms of half
a dozen nations, when to his annoyance he
heard his name uttered in accents of cheery
surprise.

  Turning swiftly he beheld Millard,
flushed and evidently slightly exhilarated,
rising from the corner table where he had
been seated with a sallow-faced, distin-
guished-looking stranger in mufti.

CHAPTER XX.

A CHANCE MEETING.

HE bowed coldly and returned with
ostentatious deliberation to his en-
tree, hoping to discourage the other’s
advance, but Millard was in no mood to
comprehend aTebuff.

  “ By Jove, old chap, delighted to find
you here!” He shook Storms reluctant
hand and without invitation pulled out the
opposite chair and seated himself. “ That’s
ASHES TO ASHES.

247

the boy! Get around a bit and work up an
interest in life. No use moping. We miss
you out home, but as I told Dick Brewster,
change is the thing for you, change—”

  “ What are you doing here?” Storm in-
terrupted him bruskly. “ Thought you were
wedded to the three forty; it’s been a bully
afternoon for golf.”

  “Business!” Millard waved a pompous
hand toward the table he had just quitted.
“ Golf’s not in it with high finance, and
this is the greatest proposition you ever
heard of. Hundred per cent profit in three
months and safe as a church; good deal
safer than the churches on the other side
have been.”

  He grinned expansively at his own wit-
ticism, then his face clouded dismally.

  “ Can’t go into it, though; wife won’t
hear of it, and you know what it is, Storm,
when a woman holds the purse strings.
You know how I’m situated.”

  Storm nodded. Every one in Greenlea
knew that Millard had married a rich wo-
man and suffered the pangs of hope deferred
ever since. Then he glanced up and frowned.

  “ Your friend is coming over,” he re-
marked in bored impatience. “ When you
gestured toward him he must have taken it
for an invitation.”

  “ ’Sail right!” Millard responded easily.
“ Wonderful chap, Du Chainat. Wonderful
proposition. Look here! You spoke of
making some reinvestments; here’s chance
of a lifetime! Never heard of anything
like it! Gilt-edged—”

  The stranger had halted by the table,
and Millard made as if to rise and then
thought better of it.

  “ Storm, let me present M. Maurice du
Chainat. My old pal and neighbor, Mr.
Norman Storm.”

 The Frenchman bowed with courtly
suavity, and Storm could do no less than
proffer him a chair and beckon to a waiter.

  “ Mentioned your little proposition, old
chap.” The irrepressible Millard continued,
adding airily as a shade of protestation
passed over M. du Chainat’s mobile coun-
tenance. “ Oh, I know it’s confidential, but
Storm’s all right. He wants to make some
reinvestments, and now’s his golden oppor-
tunity.”

  “ Mr. Millard has told me nothing of the
nature of your proposition, monsieur,”
Storm hastened to reassure the Frenchman.
“ He merely mentioned it in passing.”

  For a long minute M. du Chainat re-
garded him in courteous but unmistakable
appraisal. Then a genial smile lifted the
ends of his small, black mustache.

  “ It is a confidential matter, as M. Mil-
lard says, but there is nothing—how do you
say?—equivocal concerning it. We of
France do not make our transactions ordi-
narily as you do in America; we discuss,
we deliberate, we wait. And yet in this
affair which I have undertaken haste is—
alas!—of the utmost need. Time is of
value; such value that I will pay twice over
for three hundred thousand francs.”

  “ You see, it’s a factory in one of the
devastated towns,” Millard interjected
eagerly. “ Old feud, trying to get ahead of
the other fellow. It means sixty thousand
in our money, and the French government’s
giving him a grant of a hundred and twenty
thousand in three months, but it means ruin
to wait. Other man’s got his capital now—”

  “ But, my friend, M. Storm is perhaps
not interested; we bore him,” M. du Chai-
nat interrupted. “ The letter which our
consul here has given me to your great
banker, M. Whitmarsh, has interested him
to such an extent that the affair is all but
closed.”

  “Whitmarsh?” Storm pricked up his ears.
The proposition must be good if that most
astute of international financiers considered
it.

  “ But yes.” The Frenchman shrugged
deprecatingly. “ It is, of course, a trifling
matter to engage his attention, but I am to
have a second interview with him to-morrow
a three. I shall be happy to conclude my
mission, for there is attached to it the senti-
ment as well as what you call business.”

  A second interview! Whitmarsh wasted
no time, and this must mean a deal. Sixty
thousand dollars, and doubled in three
months. Storm leaned impulsively across
the table.

  “ What is your proposition, monsieur, if
I may ask? It sounds a trifle—er—un-
usual.”

  “ It is.” The Frenchman smiled again.
248	ALL-STORY

                                          4-

“ You will understand, M. Storm, that in
France it is not the custom to develop a
manufacturing concern until it grows too
big for us and then sell out to a corporation.
With us the business descends from genera-
tion to generation, it becomes at once the
idol and life of the family.

  “ My father-in-law, Henri Peronneau, of
Lille, has a soap factory established by his
grandfather. Twenty years ago, a dishonest
chemist in his employ stole the formula
which rendered the Peronneau soap famous,
and set up a rival factory. Both, of course,
were dismantled during the German occu-
pation.

  “ M. Peronneau has been granted a loan
of six hundred thousand francs from the
government, but it cannot be obtained for
three months yet; meanwhile our rival has
acquired more than that sum from an En-
glish house, and if his factory is the first in
operation it will steal all our old trade, and
M. Peronneau, who is already ruined, will
have no opportunity to recoup.

  “ He is in frail health from the slavery
of the invasion, and his heart will be broken.
Three hundred thousand francs now will
enable him to compete with his rival, for
his factory is in far better condition, and for
that he is willing to pay the entire sum
which the government will lend him.

  “ I admit that I have tried to obtain the
amount at a sacrifice less great, but there
is no time for lengthy investigation, and I
have found that people even in your gener-
ous America are afraid to trust to my cre-
dentials and the sponsorship of our consul.
Only a man of M. Whitmarsh’s experience
and caliber could comprehend that the
affair is bona fide, that he takes no risk.
Voyez, here is the personal letter which I
have received from him.”

  Storm glanced over the single sheet of
terse, typed sentences ending in the well-
crabbed signature and returned it to the
Frenchman.

  “ I congratulate you, monsieur. I know
Whitmarsh’s methods, and this looks as if
he intended to take you up on it.”

  M. du Chainat flushed with pleasure.

  “ It is of great happiness to me,” he said
simply. “ Almost 1 have despaired of my
mission. At the Hotel Belterre, where I am

WEEKLY.

staying, there are so many of my compa-
triots here also to try to borrow that they
may rehabilitate themselves, and with so
little success .that I, too, feared failure. But
M. Whitmarsh is shrewd; he knows—what
you say?—‘ a good thing,’ and he makes no
mistakes.”

  The conversation drifted into desultory
topics and after a half-hour M. du Chainat
took his leave, dragging the reluctant Mil-
lard with him. As for Storm, he sat long
over his cooling coffee, and until far into
the night he pondered the possibilities which
this chance meeting opened before him.

  The difference between sixty thousand
dollars and a hundred and twenty meant
the difference between luxurious living and
the petty economies which would try his
soul; between independence for years of
travel and care-free pleasure, and the neces-
sity of knuckling down after a brief respite
to uncongenial money-grubbing. It must
be all right if Whitmarsh were going into
it, and his letter left no room for doubt on
that score. If he, Storm, had only met the
Frenchman first!

  In the morning he tried to concentrate on
the affairs of the trust company, but it was
of no avail. The glittering opportunity
aroused all his gambling instinct and seemed
all the more alluring in that it was out of
his reach. But was it? Perhaps Whitmarsh
would fail, for some reason, to accept the
proposition; not from lack of faith in jts
genuineness, for he must have looked into
it with his usual caution before going so far
in the negotiations, but he had been known
to turn down deals of much greater magni-
tude through sheer eccentricity.

  If Du Chainat could offer bona fide
securities, and he himself could obtain a
mortgage of ten thousand on the Greenlea
house he could add that to his capital and
take the plunge.

  At noon, Storm telephoned to the Belterre
and asked for M. du Chainat.

  “ This is Storm talking, Millard’s friend,”
he answered. “ I called up, monsieur, to
tell you that if by any chance the Whit-
marsh deal falls through I might consider
your proposition myself. Yes, call me at
my rooms, 0=519 Riverside, at six. Good-
by.”
ENVIRONMENT.

249

  He hung up the receiver slowly. Sup-
pose, after all, the man should be an im-
postor? He would be risking all he had
in the world in the event that Whitmarsh
did not take the proposition; all that stood
between him and the accursed treadmill of
existence here within reach of the memories
which thrust out their tentacles to crush
him. If that Lille soap factory were a
myth—

  He reached for the receiver once more
and called the French consulate. Yes, M.
Henri Peronneau, of Lille, was well known

to them. His son-in-law, M. Maurice du
Chainat, was now in this country negotiat-
ing a loan to reconstruct the Peronneau
factory. If Mr. Storm were sufficiently
interested, a meeting could without diffi-
culty be arranged.

  Storm turned away from the booth with
sparkling eyes. If Whitmarsh refused the
loan he would take a chance. Luck must
be with him still; that marvelous luck
which had enabled him to elude the conse-
quences of his crime was yet running strong.
At six o’clock he would know.

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK. Don’t forget this magazine is issued weekly, and
that you will get the continuation of this story without waiting a month.

William. Hollow a

3^

IS man really civilized? Or is his ap-
parent civilization but an artificial cloak
that hides the primitive savage under-
neath, and which, in time of stress, he
flings aside?

  Dillon Weston, who had soulful blue
eyes, and hair of the exact shade of gold
which most women rave over, always an-
swered the first question with a positive
affirmative. These declarations were gen-
erally made while sipping tea amid a group
of feminine admirers of all ages from debu-
tantes to bachelor girls, and were invari-
ably received with rapturous applause.
There is nothing the average woman likes
better than to be assured of her absolute
divorce from the primitive.

  And then fate shuffled the cards of life
anew and rang in on Dillon Weston what

can only be described as a cold deck of the
very coldest kind. The Eastern College,
in which he held an assistant professorship
of geology organized an expedition to make
certain scientific investigations in the
northern section of the Hudson Bay re-
gion. He was chosen to play an impor-
tant part in the work, which included a
study of glacial action in the north in
those far-off days when Labrador and the
New England States groaned under the
weight of an ice-cap more than a mile high,
and to his credit be it said that he per-
formed his duties well enough to melt the
stony heart of fate had that organ been
susceptible to emotion.

  But fate was ready, just then, to deal
from the aforesaid cold deck. Exactly ten
days before the expedition was scheduled
250

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

to sail for home, Dillon Westsn received
his new hand.

  They were examining the northwestern
slopes of Hudson Bay, in that far region
where the northern section of the Barren
Grounds begins to stretch an arm, through
unbroken desolation, across the Northwest
Passage to the Pole. Trees, even the stunt-
ed willows that cling to lowlands, had van-
ished some distance farther south, and the
tundra, the gray-brown of its rocky surface
flecked with light-green lichens and the
faded remnants of red and blue summer
flowers, stretched forbiddingly before them.
Everywhere was evidence of glacial action
in the denuded slopes of hills and in the
chiseled scorings of rocks.

  During the preliminary examination the
members of the expedition were accus-
tomed to scatter in order to obtain a gen-
eral outline of their surroundings as speed-
ily as possible. So it came about one
morning that Dillon Weston found him-
self alone at the half-concealed entrance
of a cave, where the strata he had been
observing were more than usually interest-
ing.

  He was in the presence of an appalling
ancient catastrophe. At some time in the
far past a folding of the hills that could
only be described as tremendous had taken
place. Mighty mountain masses seemed
actually to have buckled together, and in
the throes of settling down to have flung
huge masses of stone about like feathers.
This had evidently occurred at the end of
the Glacial Period, for parts of the up-
heaved strata bore no trace of the action
of ice.

  Within the cave his powerful electric
flash-light showed a wide, lofty chamber,
winding indefinitely into the semi-dark-
ness, and displaying on its rocky sides
some unusual geological “ faults.” He
took a few steps toward the rear; then a
few more; presently, growing interested in
his work, he found himself descending the
sandy floor of a wide cavern, which ran
steadily but gently downward, and which
was dimly lit as he afterwards discovered,
through crevices high up on the mountain-
side.

  The temperature was below freezing,

which was only to be expected in a cavern
in that region of the world, but it was so
far below freezing as to cause him to re-
sume his heavy gloves rather hastily. From
the walls his flash-light struck vivid gleams
from crystalline schists. He was some
yards below the surface and an eighth of a
mile from the entrance when the cavern
ended in a solid wall of ice, the remnant,
evidently, of an ancient glacier!

  There could not be the slightest doubt
about it. Caught and imprisoned between
folds of the rocks, weighed down by mil-
lions of tons of dead weight, the ice had
been preserved in that Arctic climate until
his coming, and would doubtless last while
the world stood.

  It was all a fascinating spectacle for a
geologist, yet Dillon Weston paid it scant
attention. For there, plainly visible in the
encircling ice, natural as they had been in
that far-off day when they had fallen to
their death upon the glacier, were the
bodies of two gigantic, maned and shaggy
elephants, which he knew to be not ele-
phants but mammoths.

  For a moment he was too dazed to do
more than gaze at the extraordinary spec-
tacle. The bones of the mammoth, the
enormous prehistoric ancestor of the mod-
ern elephant, are to be found in almost
every great museum. The dullest school-
boy would recognize those mighty curved
tusks, which could toss a present-day cow
as easily as the cow takes vengeance on a
troublesome dog. But the mammoth him-
self, in all the glory of his flesh and blood,
has been found once only by man; in 1903,
in the frozen soil of Siberia. And here was
he, Dillon WTeston, gazing at two abso-
lutely perfect specimens, through a thin
wall of ice!

  For a moment his breath came in gasps
and his face paled. He had won one of
the greatest prizes in his chosen profession.
Presently, he knew, his name would run
like wildfire around the world, and he.
would become famous beyond the average
scientist’s wildest dream. Which means,
though Dillon Weston did not realize it,
that if you canvassed a crowded meeting
in Madison Square Garden you would find
at least two men who could recall his name.
ENVIRONMENT.	251

I He enjoyed the little walk back to his
chief, more than any other walk he had
ever taken. And then fate, judging the
moment propitious, dealt him a hand, right
from the bottom of the pack, that made
him gasp.

  The work of removing the mammoths
from the cave involved the widening of it
at certain places and the installing of pow-
erful hoisting apparatus. It would prob-
ably require two months at least, working
in shifts—and navigation was even then
closing!

   “ You’ll have to stay all winter, Dillon,
to see that nobody—none of those Eski-
mos, I mean—destroy your find,” declared
Professor Smithers, the head of the expe-
dition, with an air from which there was
no appeal. “ It’s by long odds the biggest
thing the old college has ever done, and we
can’t afford to take chances. We’ll build
you a cozy cabin and leave you plenty of
coal for your stove, and I’ll have the car-
penter double sash your windows. And as
soon as the ice goes out of Hudson Bay
next spring, we’ll be back.” He thought
an instant. “ The men have all shipped
for the voyage, so I can’t leave one of
them, and the rest of us are all married.
So I suppose you’ll have to make out alone.
Don’t mind that, do you?”

  “ Not the least bit in the world,” lied
Weston cheerfully. “ I’ve always thought
it must be pleasant to try a bit of primi-
tive life.”

  “ Don’t try too much of it, Dillon,” ad-
vised Professor Smithers with ponderous
jocularity. Then he smiled. Assistant
Professor Weston, with his soulful blue
eyes, his clerical father and grandfather,
and his eminently decorous outlook upon
life, was not apt to become very primitive.
And Dillon Weston smiled in return; not
in the least, because he felt like smiling,
but because it was so eminently the proper,
decorous thing to do, considering that the
head of the expedition was making the
joke.

  And then the vessel containing his col-
leagues steamed away and he was left
alone in a comfortable cabin with a good
stove and enough coal to last two winters
if necessary. He had also a very satisfac-

tory supply of provisions and an excellent
working library. On a shelf above the
stove he ranged the portraits of his father,
mother, and grandfather, the two men in
clerical garb, his mother wearing the black
silk he associated with meetings of the Dor-
cas Society, while on the wall he tacked up
a program of geological investigation to be
pursued before winter settled down in
earnest.

  The first night loneliness bit deep.
Then, too, he had trouble with the hang-
ing lamp which swung from the rooftree.
When it had been put in order, and he had
washed his blackened hands, he looked out
upon the vastness of the starry night, lis-
tened to the wind amid the boulders, and
realized, for the first time, the desolation
that lay about him.

  He was alone in a gameless wilderness,
which had lain empty and sullen beneath
the sky since the dawn of time. That he
could ever make friends with the monster
seemed preposterous. But, whatever hap-
pened, he must not allow it to master him;
that meant despair, madness, death, the
commonplace trio of Arctic winters.

  September was a very pleasant month.
Frost was comparatively light, and the
snow confined to one or two scanty falls,
so that he was enabled to do some valuable
work in his special department. The long
walks across the tundra gave him a tre-
mendous appetite and began to broaden his
shoulders and put muscle everywhere upon
his tall body.

  In October snow interfered with his geo-
logical work, but not in the least with his
outings. He began to go about on snow-
shoes and, in order to save the battery
supply of the powerful electric flash-lights
—specially constructed for the expedition
—of which he had several, he installed in
the cave a complete lantern service with a
plentiful reserve of oil. For, of course, it
goes without saying that he visited the
cave each day to gloat over his wonderful
discovery.

  There was something fascinating about
these daily visits. The gigantic forms of
the slain mammoths—killed, evidently, by
a fall from a cliff while fighting, and buried
in the slowly forming glacier—awed him
252

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

by their very vastness. They had been
subjected to immense pressure, as was evi-
denced by the clearness of the ice, and in
the remote past had probably traveled
many miles from the scene of their fatal
quarrel ere the mountains had imprisoned
their section of the glacier forever.

  Their huge tusks were fortunately unin-
jured, so that he was able to admire their
tremendous sweep at his leisure. Those of
one of the animals were bloodstained, evi-*
dently from clotted blood w’hich soiled the
other’s shaggy mane, mute evidence of the
ancient battle. So much, the perfect out-
line of the massive bodies and tusks, was
plainly visible; but even the powerful
flash-light was unable to bring out the de-
tails of the picture. It was as though
these monsters of the prehistoric world
were still shrouded in the gloom of un-
numbed centuries.

  With the coming of November the cold
grew more intense and the grip of winter
was unrelaxing. The days were growing
very short now, so that most of his time
was spent indoors, where he busied him-
self with the writing of articles for scien-
tific magazines and with a serious attempt
at a book.

  The wilderness now began to exercise
insensibly upon him that dangerous charm,
which to so many lonely men has spelled
madness. The stars blazed with strange
brilliance until the aurora dimmed them
with its vivid coloring, when Weston spent
hours watching the play of the mystic
lights. Then there were the unaccountable
optical illusions of the north: the apparent
movement of rocks that he knew to be
solid as the rock of Gibraltar, and which
presently, he knew, would settle into their
places again; the stars that seemed to fall
with a hissing noise into the frozen mass
of Hudson Bay, the animation which, at
times, appeared to possess the most fixed
objects of the landscape, causing them to
circle about the cabin with a movement
full of threatening meaning.

  In this time of stress it was the practi-
cal, undoubted fact of his discovery that
held him to the line of safety. Each day
he paid a visit to the cavern, and each day
came away with a firmer resolve that the

world should not be deprived of these
strange treasures even if he had to spend
two winters in the north instead of one.
And then, one morning in February, when
he least expected it, the door of his cabin
was opened from without as he sat writing,
and a tall, fur-clad figure, followed by a
shorter, very broad-shouldered one, ap-
peared upon the threshold.

  “Well, I’m damned!” cried the taller
of the two, with a quick stare about him.
“ Double-sashed windows! Some joint,
this!”

  Dillon Weston welcomed them with a
puzzled air. The nearest white men, as he
well knew, were hundreds of miles to the
south. Yet here were two calling on him
in the most casual manner in the world.
“ Come in and shut the door,” he said hos-
pitably.

  The shorter of the two, a dark man,
with a black, ice-crusted beard, closed the
door and came forward to the stove, where
he stood combing the ice from his beard
with mittened fingers.

  “ You probably heard of me before,” he
began. “ I’m Sam Powers, the fur-trader,
that owns the schooner Lucy. And this is
my first cousin, Pete Ryan, who sails the
Lucy for me.”

  The tall man, Ryan, who had now un-
covered a hard-bitten, blond face, marred
by an ugly scar diagonally across its right
side, nodded confirmation.

  “ The Indians know us from the Little
Whale River on the Labrador side, down
through James Bay and round to the Nel-
son. We have the best outlaw trade in the
bay. But now—” he shrugged his shoul-
ders expressively—“oh, hell!”

  “ Stayed too late for once,” Powers ex-
plained. “ Got caught in a storm, driven
over to this side, and frozen in about thirty
miles to the south.”

  The eminently proper professor of ge-
ology, who was listening with eager in-
terest, formed a striking contrast to his
rough and ready visitors. Owing to the
heat of the room he had pushed back the
capote of the single-piece fur garment that
enveloped him from head to foot. The
capote made a strange, pendulous excres-
ence across his broad shoulders, above
ENVIRONMENT.

253

which his neatly brushed hair gleamed like
the yellow nimbus of some missaled saint.

  “ Crew still on board?” Weston asked
quickly.

  “ Three men and the grub-slinger,” an-
swered Powers. “ 1 filled in as mate and
took one watch, and Ryan here the other.
She’s pretty small, you see, and it’s a busi-
ness where too many cooks spoil the broth.”

  Into Weston’s mind, as he listened, came
some stray scraps of information regard-
ing the Lucy and her unsavory reputation.
When the Indians go into the bush in the
fall to set their traps they take with them
a winter’s provisions for their family, to be
paid to the Hudson Bay Company in the
spring in the shape of furs. The business
of the Lucy it was to anchor in a conve-
nient harbor and buy from the Indian hun-
ter for cash or provisions the very furs he
owed to the great company. It was an un-
pleasant business, based on the red man’s
broken pledges, and as such properly
looked down upon.

  Ryan, meanwhile, was gazing about him
at the large microscope which stood upon
the table, beside a portable typewriter and
a pile of books; at the little slabs of rough-
ly polished rocks, mounted upon tiny,
wooden bases and ranged upon a shelf; at
the pasteboard drawings of strange strata
that lined the walls. “Some joint!” he
said emphatically.

  Weston smiled as he began to prepare
his midday meal. Now that the surprise
was passing away, he was conscious of a
feeling of profound content at once more
hearing the sound of a human voice. What
he was not conscious of was the sharp
glances which the newcomers fastened
upon his store-closet when his back was
turned, and the curious gleams of satis-
faction that appeared in their keen eyes.

  Half an hour later, as they sat over
mugs of almost boiling tea, Powers hinted
the real object of their visit. On the table
was a tin of snow water, which Weston
had melted that morning, but which, at a
distance of ten feet from the red-hot stove,
was slowly turning into a solid block of
ice. The fur-trader tapped it roughly
with his knife. “ Rotten climate to be liv-
ing in, isn’t it?”

  Weston nodded. “ I had seventy below
for three days straight last week,” he re-
marked. “ I had lots of coal, and I kept
the stove blazing to the limit all day and
all night, but things froze as soon as I
took them off the fire.”

  “ Got lots of grub, too, haven’t you?”
asked Powers.

  Weston shook his head. “ I took more
than I thought to need by a good deal,
but, looking it over yesterday, V found
enough until June, and maybe a little over.
I suppose I have about eight hundred
pounds; that’s all.”

  “ On the Lucy,” said Powers curtly,
“ we haven’t any at all.”

  Weston laid down his fork. “ Haven’t
any?” he cried. “ Do you mean—”

  “ Mean! ” interrupted the fur-trader
roughly. “ I mean we are starving. Do
you get that? Starving!”

  “Oh!” cried Dillon Weston, greatly
shocked. “That’s terrible!”

  He was silent an instant, his blue eyes
clouded. The thought of starvation in
that iron wilderness was too awful for
words. And the worst of it all was that
he could not help.

  “ What are you going to do?” he stam-
mered.

  The black eyes of the fur-trader, which
in their day had looked over many a tricky
bit of fur, now bored into Weston’s face
as though in search of a hidden weakness
he knew must be there.

  “ It’s what you are going to do that
counts, isn’t it? I’m waiting on you.”

  “ I’ll give you what I can spare,” cried
Dillon Weston hastily. “ But that isn’t
much.” He thought an instant, estimating
how he could curtail his daily allowance
in order to help, and realizing the hopeless
inadequacy of his assistance. “ I’ll give
every ounce I can spare,” he added, turn-
ing toward the store-closet.

  “ Spare!” broke in Ryan with a laugh.
“ Spare! Hear him say it! Hell!”

  “ There are six of us on the Lucy,”
snarled the fur-trader. “ Do you think we
want any of your damned charity? You
haven’t been long in the north, stranger,
or you’d talk different. Up here it’s man
to man, and no favors, and the weak go to
254

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

the wall. D’ye get that? The weak go
to the wall.” He turned to his friend and
barked a command. “ Watch that side,
Pete!”

  Ten minutes later the host of the small
dinner-party awoke from what seemed ages
of slumber. There was a lump on his head
where he had fallen on the edge of his
bunk, and a generally bruised feeling
throughout his body. From a cut on his
forehead a tiny stream of blood ran saltly
into his mouth. His visitors were engaged
in making two huge packs of the choicest
of his provisions.

  “ Why, look who’s here!” cried the fur-
trader pleasantly. “ Hanged if our little
friend ain’t woke up to say ‘ good-by.’ I
call that a classy, high-brow thing to do.”
Dillon Weston lifted his aching head and
stared earnestly at the speaker. “ Where
are you going with my stuff?” he asked
hoarsely.

  “ Ain’t teaching grammar in the college
you was telling us about,” remarked Ryan
plaintively. “ Else you’d say ‘ going with
your stuff,’ seeing that this chow has
changed hands.”

  “ As to our sailing directions,” remarked
Powers, “ you can be sure we’re not head-
ing for the Lucy. There isn’t enough chow
for all, so we’d only be waiting round,
watching each other die. We’re going to
make a sled out of some of your gear and
then beat it down south on snow-shoes
about seven hundred miles to an Indian
camp we know.”

  He bent over to his work, then suddenly
straightened up at the crunching sound of
snow-shoes on the frozen snow without.
His face had grown pallid. “ God! Petey!
It’s the boys!” he whispered.

  Ryan sprang toward the door, hesitated
and turned backward as it was flung open
in his face and four fur-clad figures hurled
themselves helter-skelter into the room, a
huge, red-bearded fellow, with a yellow,
woolen scarf about his fleck, in the van.

  Not a word was exchanged. Silently,
with a savage malignity that was all the
more impressive from its entire absence of
speech, the newcomers leaped upon the
owner and captain of the Lucy. And, as
silently, the others fought back.

  Looking on, Weston could see a blur of
surging forms, that swept across the over-
turned table and battled savagely, fero-
ciously up and down the interior of the
cabin. The large miscroscope, with which
he did so much of his work, was flung on
the floor beside his shattered typewriter;
the shelf of mounted specimens was tom
from its place and his trophies hurled hel-
ter-skelter on the floor; and still the fight
raged on, as though some savage animals
had been struggling for supremacy in the
heart of the jungle.

  Presently, however, there came a lull.
Powers and Ryan, bleeding from a dozen
cuts, stood together beneath the window,
one grasping the broken leg of the table,
the other swinging aloft the arm of a shat-
tered chair, while facing them were their
assailants, leaning forward ready to spring.

  “ Suppose we talk this thing over, boys?”
said Powers, and even in the midst of his
losing battle Weston noted the ring of
courage in the man’s voice. Whatever else
he might be the fur-trader was evidently
no coward. “ I got something to say. If
’twasn’t for me you fellers wouldn’t be here
at all.”

  “Ah, hell!” said the red-bearded sailor
shortly. “ We know you met some Eski-
mos that was going south because the wal-
rus had quit on them, and they told about
the collidge feller being here. That’s all
right. And then you up and says th’ on’y
thing to do is to come up here and git
grub. All right, too. But what ain’t all
right is fer you and Pete to beat it up
here alone and grab it fer yourselves.”

  k It’s this way, boys,” went on Powers
earnestly. “ I figured the young feller
wouldn’t have enough for the bunch, so I
put it up to Petey that him and me would
get chow enough to last us down the coast
till we struck White Bear’s tribe. You
remember White Bear that give us those
black-fox skins last summer? Well, I cal-
’ate we could git grub and dogs there and
come up for you, whilst if we all tried to
make it we’d die in our tracks. That’s the
truth, s’elp me!”

  “Truth! Hell!” cried the red-bearded
one. “I see ye going, but not a coming
back.”
ENVIRONMENT.

  “Aw, shucks!” cried Powers indifferent-
ly. Weston, watching, could see him wet-
ting his dry lip with his tongue as he
played his last card. “ Wouldn’t we have
to come back before the ice took the Lucy
out in th£ spring? Say, wouldn’t we?”

  “ That’s gospel truth, Jack,” one of the
newcomers cried; and Weston could see
that the trader had made an impression.
“ It sounds good to me,” declared a second.

  “ What 1 say is this,” Ryan broke in.
“ Let’s cut out all this funny business and
draw lots who’s to go south. Two has got
to go. Sam and me ’11 stand aside and let
you boys choose among yerselves if ye want
it that way. Then the rest stays here till
help comes.”

  “Some shack!” cried one of the four,
looking about him. “ It listens good,
Jack,” added another. “ Anyway we’ve
got Sam where wc want him,” said a third.

  The red-bearded giant nodded agree-
ment. “ All right, Sam,” he said gruffly.
“ Chuck down your club; and cooky, you
get busy and let’s have the best you got.
Rustle some bacon first thing!”

  “ Righto,” was the answer of the dirtiest
and most villainous of the four as he
stepped forward. “ Got th’ best uv every-
thing, boys,” was his awed remark, as he
surveyed the packs which Powers and
Ryan had shoved in the corner at the ap-
proach of danger. “ Some chow, believe
me! ”

  As Dillon Weston stood beside the stove
the whole affair seemed both real and un-
real, like one of those strange dreams in
which the dreamer appears to awaken
even while the dream runs on. The sun-
light streaming through the window threw
the interior of the cabin and its occupants
into relief, with the clearness of a stere-
opticon. Surely this could not be the
peaceful room in which two hours before
he had been writing up his journal? The
thing was incredible. In a sudden gust of
anger he stepped forward.

  “ Where do I come in?” he demanded.
“ Nowheres,” answered the red-bearded
man sharply. “ And if ye give any talk ”
—he lifted a huge fist—“ I’ll show ye what
o’clock it is.” He laughed quietly. “ Ye
don’t come in anywheres; we ain’t got

enough to go round as ’tis.” He turned to
the others. “ What ’11 we do with him,
boys?”

  Dillon Weston, to do him justice, was
no coward. When the fur-trader and his
ally had attacked him he had been too
dazed to do more than gaze at the astound-
ing spectacle of their treachery. Now he
had recovered his self-possession; more-
over, he was angry in a cold-blooded way
that made him dangerous; he struck him
of the red beard a blow that echoed through
the room.

  Dillon Weston was a man of unusual
physical strength; in addition, he had, as
gymnasium work, taken lessons in boxing
not many years before; so that the con-
test should have been fairly equal. But
fighting, as practised in the rough corners
of the world, is a very different thing from
what the prize-ring knows as fighting, as
John Morrissey once had the misfortune to
prove.

  As a boxer, red-beard would probably
have made a wise audience laugh itself to
death; as a rough and tumble fighter in a
cabin in the Arctic, he proceeded to prove
in a class by himself. As Weston, bleed-
ing and defeated, lay upon the floor of the
cabin, he felt an odd feeling of admiration
for the man who had beaten him; an un-
willing tribute to an enemy, but still a
tribute.

  “Game enough!” was red-beard’s ver-
dict as he stanched his bleeding face.
“ Question is, what to do with th’ fool.
There’s not enough grub to go round. I
say croak him.”

  “ An have the college people come back
next summer and raise the whole country
up!” protested Powers. “I’m fer giving
him a mite of grub and turning him out
doors. Say he dies; somebody’s got to die
afore spring; maybe more than one,” he
ended darkly.

  “ And if he dies, it’s only starvation.”
cried another. “ We can say he got dippy
and wandered away; lots gets batty up
here, everybody knows that.”

  So it came about half an hour later that
Dillon Weston went into exile from the
cabin in which he had fought his losing
fight; went into exile with his furs and
256

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

clothes, some cooking utensils, a small bag
of flour, a few beans, and some pilot bis-
cuit. He had plenty of tea, an article
which the sailors despised, but not a trace
of meat or fat. One of the men had pro-
posed allowing him a tin of lard, but the
suggestion had been frowned upon, lard
being recognized as too great a delicacy to
be lightly parted with.

  That night he sat in the shelter of the
cave, thinking over his misfortunes. Above
him, suspended from a jutting rock, was
the lantern he had kept in the cave to
save his flashlight; in a hollow below him
was a small stove, originally intended for
the cabin, but discarded as too small, which
the rascals had allowed him to take; in a
pile beside him was a supply of coal, which
he intended to increase next day, an agree-
ment having been reached by which the
overabundant store of fuel should be di-
vided in equal shares. The lantern swung
fitfully in the gusts that drove in from the
desolate tundra, and the stove smoked.

  That afternoon he had found a crevice
in the rock that apparently led through a
tiny hole to the outside world, for watching
closely, it was possible to detect a faint
glow of daylight. With a little work he
would be able to make an excellent chim-
ney of it. Meantime, his stovepipe was
not long enough to reach into the crevice,
and the stove smoked persistently.

  These, however, were minor discomforts.
What mattered really was the unpleasant
fact that he was now face to face with
starvation as it is known in the north.

  In that wide, desolate land he was quite
alone. No animal life existed on the frozen
wastes of the tundra; no bird crossed the
gray sky; not even a walrus lifted a tusk
in that awful stillness. Wherever he looked
a white death seemed to wait mockingly,
both for himself and the men of the Lucy.
Left to himself he would have passed safe-
ly through the winter; the advent even of
one more would have spelled disaster;
while the intrusion of the six meant a quick
death for all concerned.

  Had the fur-trader and his companion
escaped southward with the bulk of the
provisions, it was barely possible that they
two might have won to safety; that they

would have been able to bring back aid,
even had they been so minded, he did not
in the least believe; as the situation now
presented itself there was nothing to look
forward to but death by starvation.

  The provisions he had lost would not
keep the crew of the Lucy alive much more
than a month at most; after that—Dillon
Weston shrugged his shoulders with su-
preme indifference. He would not be there
to see; so what matter?

  Next morning he awoke at daylight and
began the tiresome task of removing the
rest of his coal supply to the cave. Powers,
who stood beside the cabin, watched him
carelessly as though he had other things to
think of; from the interior of the cabin
came the sound of loud voices, that of the
red-bearded man more strident than the
rest; evidently the inmates were not quite
satisfied with the situation.

  Later in the day, when he had packed
the remainder of his coal to the cave, he
set to work to make the place more habit-
able. The entrance was fairly narrow.
Now he built a snow rampart in front of
it, with a tortuous winding passage, lead-
ing by a narrow doorway into the cave it-
self. The twistings in the passage would
break the force of the wind and help to
make the cavern warmer.

  With snow and water he fashioned a
long tube that acted as an excellent con-
tinuation of his stove pipe and did away
with the smoking that had annoyed him.
And, having thus put his house in order,
Dillon Weston sat down to wait for death.

  He did not blink the fact. It was some-
thing to be faced. Neither did he blame
the men of the Lucy. After all, life was a
struggle in which the weak went to the wall.
All right! He could do it without useless
whining! And as a preliminary he de-
cided not to go near the cabin, no matter
what happened. If he had to die he would
die by himself, as the old cavemen crawled
off tc their dens, when their time came.

  A couple of weeks passed, and, despite
the strict limits he imposed upon himself,
his supplies were practically at an end.
Hunger was gnawing at him as in violation
of his resolve, he walked slowly across the
tundra toward the cabin.
ENVIRONMENT.

257

  Suppose it were possible to regain pos-
session of his stores? The idea startled
him; then he put it aside as absurd; one
man does not overcome six except by a
miracle. From the cabin, as he approached,
came a faint, far-away odor of frying ba-
con, infinitely enticing. His body was
trembling, as he walked away, with the
effort it had cost him not to abandon his
last shred of self-respect and beg its in-
mates for food.

  To change the current of his thoughts
he returned to the cave, and, taking up the
lantern, went into the recesses of the cav-
ern to gloat over the huge bulk of the
mammoths, which he hoped would become
known to posterity as the “ Dillon Weston
Discovery.” So much had happened since
the arrival of the fur-trader that he had
not once visited his prize. Now, as he
stood before the strange monsters, coeval,
as he knew, with primitive man, he be-
came slowly conscious of a change.

  The gigantic, shaggy-maned animals
were no different from what they had been
when his startled eyes first fell upon them:
wonderful, scientific treasures at which the
scholastic world would wonder.

  The change was in himself. His sense
of values was different. The bitter arctic
waste, the barren tundra upon which wind
blew the snow in huge drifts that were full
of strange runic lines, the long nights
when the walls of the cabin cracked from
frost with the report of a rifle, the slow
starvation which was weakening him each
day—all had combined to give him a new-
er, more primitive view-point.

  Far off in the old life he had left so long
behind, the mammoths had a scientific and
educational value. Now, as he stood in
front of them, he was conscious of them
only as a cave-man would have been—as
food! For the animals, killed by their fall
upon the ice, and buried under snow and
ice in the unbelievable cold of the Glacial
Age, represented thousands upon thou-
sands of pounds of fresh meat! And the
man, muffled in furs to the eyebrows, who
gloated over the sight, could have told you
that meat was more than raiment, and a
good deal more than all the colleges in the
world.

     6 A-S

  He was staggering from weakness as he
returned to his quarters for an ax. The
fore-shoulder of one of the animals was
within a few inches of the surface. A few
minutes’ labor freed it from ice, after which
came the difficult work of cutting through
the tough hide to the frozen flesh beneath;
nearly half an hour’s exertion was required
before a huge piece of meat, dark as that
of the walrus, lay in his hands. Two
hours later, Dillon Weston could have told
you that mammoth steak was the finest
eating in the world, and, what is more, he
would have believed it.

  Two weeks went by in storm and tem-
pest. Snow drifted into the pathway to
the cave until it was entirely covered, and
he was compelled to keep the lantern burn-
ing continuously, until he hit upon the ex-
pedient of making candles out of the tal-
low of the mammoth meat.

  Thereafter he reserved the lantern for
his visits to the far end of the cave, and
did his cooking by the light of a pair of
the strangest candles in use since time be-
gan. Then the storm ceased, and he dug
his way out of the cave to the light of a
perfect winter day.

  But for his snow-glasses the glare from
the white surface of the tundra would have
been blinding. Far and wide endless
slopes of dazzling snow reflected the light
from a myriad crystals; the frozen surface
beneath him creaked under his snow-shoes;
as he walked toward the cabin he was con-
scious, more than ever in his life, of the
joy of living.

  A silence brooded over his old home,
that was not dispelled as he drew near.
Pushing open the door, he found the owner
and crew of the Lucy huddled around the
fire. Evidently they had been unable to
spare food to send two men south. Pow-
ers looked up, stared in surprise as though
he had seen a ghost, swore softly under his
breath, and was silent. The red-bearded
sailor, who sat on the edge of Weston’s
bunk, spat savagely upon the stove as he
growled an oath; but no one offered a re-
mark.

  “ I’ve finished all that stuff I took away,”
Weston began. “ Can you let me have a
little more?”
258

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

   “More? Hell!” exclaimed red-beard.
 “ There’s one pilot biscuit left. And we’re
 going to draw lots fer that.”

   “ 1 say divide it,” said Ryan huskily.
 “ Then every man ’11 git a taste.”

   “Ah, what’s a taste!” scoffed Powers.
 “ Let’s draw. Then the one as wins gets
 a couple of real mouthfuls before he cashes
 in.”

    There was a little murmur of assent, and
 xed-beard began assorting several slivers
 of wood. Weston stepped forward. “ I’m
 in on this,” he said sharply. “ It was my
 biscuit in the first place.”

   Red-beard looked at him out of inscru-
 table eyes. “ I told the boys you w7ere a
 game bird,” he said slowly. “ Now7 you’re
 showing it.” He stroked his flaming beard
 with a monstrous hand. “ When a man
 has a char.ce to live,” he went on, “ he
 sometimes has ter be hard; but when he’s
 going ter cash in—hell! What’s th’ use.
 I’m willin’ ef th’ boys is.”

   “All right!” barked Powers, and the
 rest nodded assent. “ Give the guy a
 chanct fer a last bite!” advised the cook.

' And the drawing began.

    A minute later red-beard handed to Dil-
 lon Weston the prize he had won. Then
 he leaned back against the bunk and spat
 upon the stove. “ Ye won it fair, young
 feller,’’ said he briefly. “ Now git t’ell
 with it.”

   As Weston walked rapidly homeward,
 the pilot biscuit in his hand, he recalled
 the scene in the cabin. Not a hand had
 been raised to stay his departure, though
 he had noticed more than one pair of shoul-
 ders quiver. Rough, hardened as the men
 were, they had stood true to their code—
 which is all that can be said of any man.
 Two hours later he staggered into the

cabin again, and flung a heavy burden on
the table. And that night six men beyond
the pale of law, and one erstwhile decorus
member of a college faculty, ate fresh meat
in a cabin where a red-hot stove was un-
able to keep water liquid five feet away,
and found the room too w7arm; while the
arctic atmosphere vibrated with the mel-
ancholy roaring of ancient chanteys. And
in this manner did the wilderness take Dil-
lon Weston to itself.

  Even the complete loss of the mammoths
did not upset him. Tw7o tons of meat and
fat had been removed and stored in the
cave w7hen the ice split asunder and the
animals vanished beneath a projecting
ledge, taking with them a funeral mound of
thousands of tons of ice. But there was
food enough to keep the little group from
starving. And that, and not curio seeking,
w7as the essential thing, as Weston could
have told you.

  Professor Smithers, on his return in
June, accepted the disappointment with
scientific self-possession. “ You’re looking
well, Dillon,” he remarked pleasantly.
“ And I hope you didn’t get too near the
primitive when I w7as away.”

  Thinking of the six rascals, gone three
weeks before, for whom he would ahvays
have a warm spot in his heart, Dillon
Weston shook his head. He had, of course,
no intention of mentioning his visitors.
“ Maybe I’m not of primitive type.”
Professor Smithers looked down at his
own neat rubbers. “ Of course not, Dil-
lon. You and I have left the primitive
stage of evolution thousands of years be-
hind. We could not possibly return to it.”
Dillon Weston gazed across the grav-
green surface of the tundra and smiled an
inscrutable smile.

 U	U	V

LOVELY CHILD

    BY HARRY KEMP

      I OVELY child, make haste to play
      *“* While the dew is on your day—

      Half a score of years ahead
      You will labor for your bread.
J.U.Giesvj and Junius B. SmitK/

CHAPTER XXII.

“ THE TIME APPROACHES.”

BRYCE lighted a cigar. “ That wo-
man’s got all the moral qualities of
a high-class vamp,” he remarked as
we spun away down the drive. “ Consid-
erin’ her friends, I bet there was some
strong stuff pulled at those entertainments
of hers.”

  “ And yet,” I said, recalling the faces
of more than one of the attendants at the
Mallory service the day before, “ she ap-
pears to be well received.”

  “ By society, you mean?”

  I nodded.

  Jim grunted. “ Th’ only difference be-
tween what I said, an’ a certain class of
society, m’ son, is that one hasn’t been
found out, an’ th’ other has.”

  “ Well,” I changed the topic of conversa-
tion, “ we appear to have drawn another
blank, no matter what the lady’s stand-
ing is.”

  Bryce removed his cigar and blew a
cloud of smoke. “ Hell, yes,” he agreed
without any special emotion. “ But we
been doin’ that for days. We go back now
and tell Dual we’ve drawn it, I suppose?”
I agreed by another nod. There really
seemed nothing else to do. This was the
fourth day we had been at work, and
thus far we had little enough to show.
Semi-Dual, and Semi-Dual alone, as it
seemed to me, had been able, up ta now,

to gain any really definite conception of
the matter. His positive statement that
in his opinion the murder of Peaches had
been something unintended; his warning
against the attempt on Gladys’s life, how-
ever, would surely seem to indicate that
he had at least a theoretical knowledge of
some of the hidden moves that were taking
place. Anyway he had told us to see Mrs.
Lee and that was as good as a definite
order to report. All things considered, it
seemed best to visit next, one possessed of
his peculiar ability to learn the truth by
reading the stars themselves, before seeking
to establish it by facts.

  But though I assented and we left the
cab in front of the Urania doors, we './ere
destined to meet an interruption to our
purpose at least, for Edwards was waiting
in front of the building.

  “ Been waiting for you,” he began as
I turned from paying the driver. “ I don’t
know if it’s important or not, but Gregson
drove up in a tearing hurry and went into
Palls’s office just about an hour after you
left. I went up to your place but they
told me you were out so I came down
here to slip you the information, and now
I’m off to the jail, I guess.”

  “ All right. Much obliged old chap,”
I accepted. “ Of course, Palls may have
called him over or not, but the thing’s
of interest at least. I told Miss Vance
you were coming over, so you better keep
my word.”

This story began in the All-Story Weekly for September 20.

*59
260

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  He hurried off and I glanced at Jim. He
shook his head. Like myself I suppose he
was wondering just then whether Greg-
son’s visit to the broker had anything to
do with our call about the card. He made
no audible comment, however, and we en-
tered the ingoing stream of traffic to catch
an upgoing cage.

  One might have sensed that Dual had
been doing some of that reading I had
thought of, as we entered the room where
he was sitting at his desk. It was cov-
ered by a mass of papers bearing circle
and symbol and sign, the characters of
astrological figures 1 had come to know so
well as the sign manuals of his work.

  He motioned us to chairs.

  “ You come at a good time, my friends,”
he greeted. “ I trust you have seen the
woman of the sables and the exceedingly
light blond hair.”

  “ Blond hair,” said Jim, sitting down.
“ Oh, yes, we’ve seen her. She’s some jane.
When you get right up against her, that
hair of hers makes you think of a Circassian
side-show freak. I w'ouldn’t have been sur-
prised to see her reach into a basket and
pull out a snake.”

  “ A charmer may not always confine
her ability to reptiles,” Semi-Dual made
answer. “ But I have reasons of my own
at this time for hearing without delay what
your efforts may have produced.”

  I told him. When he spoke like that,
as I very well knew, there was no time for
discussion. And even as I sank down into
my accustomed chair at the end of the desk,
I felt that surely in my absence he had been
reading—learning things I knew not of,
yet hinted at by the urge in his words and
manner, things veiled to the comprehension
of all save one, who like himself could in-
terpret those strange charts of astral mean-
ing before him, on which as we entered he
had been engaged.

  I told him all the story of the day, of
our visit to Palls, of our call on Gladys
Vance, of our interview with the eccentric
Mrs. Lee in the Wvndham house, our re-
cent meeting with Edwards.

  And as before, 1 found a tiny spark
shining in the depths of the gray eyes he
unveiled when I had closed.

  “ Your information fits in admirably with
my own investigations,” he said. “ Little
by little the veil is being torn asunder—
things tend to grow clear at last.”

  “ Well, my I?ord!” Jim said; “ I’m glad
to hear it even if I can’t see it myself.
Up to now there ain’t a thing been clear
to me except that this jane knew Mallory
and Gregson and Palls, an’ that them two,
no matter what they say, are somehow
mixed up in this case. Palls made a
pretty good bluff when we saw him this
mornin’ I’ll admit, but—it wasn’t quite
good enough.”

  Dual turned toward him as he answered:
“ In telling you what he did this morning,
Mr. Bryce, it is my opinion that Mr. Palls
told you absolutely the truth.”

  “What!” Bryce sat up sharply. His
voice rose in the involuntary accents of
amazed surprise. For a moment he sat
staring back at Dual in a fashion almost
unconsciously antagonistic. Then he re-
covered himself in a measure. “ Howt do
you make that out?” he asked.

  “ By means of my computations.” Dual
gestured slightly to the mass of papers be-
fore him. “ You yourself obtained the re-
corded birthdates of the two men, Palls
and Gregson, for me, if you remember.
From the figures I have erected upon those
dates as a basis, I am led to the positive
belief that neither man had more than
an incidental connection, either with the
death of Noriene Mallory or the attempt
on Miss Vance’s life.”

  He spoke clearly, calmly, as one might
state a wholly abstruse fact. Conviction,
a definite, positive quality of absolute be-
lief inspired his voice. And after that for
a time silence came down in the room save
that as Semi-Dual paused, Jim took a
single rasping breath expressive more of
complete futility I think than of anything
else.

  I couldn’t blame him either, considering
what had just been said. If Gregson and
Palls were innocent of guilty knowledge,
I couldn’t really see just where Semi’s pro-
nouncement of the fact left us myself.
And now—now when suddenly they were
withdrawn from the equation as they had
been, since it did not occur to me to doubt
THE IVORY PIPE.

261

\

Dual’s conclusions, I found that almost
without knowing, I had been rather count-
ing upon one or both of the men in ques-
tion as at least a possible means to the
solution of the mystery from the first.

  Indeed as it seemed to me now they
had constituted the only real leading we
had encountered. Besides that, things had
kept coming up to support the theory that
they did know something—things such as
Edwards had expressed last night, when
he had pointed out that Palls had known
he was sending flowers to the jail, had been
in a position to make use of the knowledge
had he wished. Consequently upon me
as well as on Jim, Semi’s positive asser-
tion had a disconcerting effect which for
the time being well nigh robbed me of the
capacity for lucid speech.

  “ But Semi,” I did manage what sounded
rather like an appeal at last.

  He smiled. There could be no doubt
but that he understood; that he knew just
how completely his words had upset us
both, and the reason for it. His smile
showed that understanding and his voice
when it came.

  “ Let not anything I may have said dis-
turb you, my friends, remembering as you
must remember that up until this time
those things, those facts and findings with
which we have dealt, have been unavoid-
ably obscure—that I told you in the be-
ginning that we must work and wait to-
gether the effects brought about by the
causes set into motion; that in my opinion
the matter on which we have been engaged
would run a cumulative course. And the
course of cumulation is like that of the
sand bar in the river which through the
carrying to it of the particles out of which
it is built, slowly enlarges and grows, each
bit of which amounts to little in itself,
save that it is an integral portion of the
mass.”

  “ You mean,” I said, “ or I hope you
mean, that we have contributed in a
measure to the sum total of knowledge that
is beginning to make things clear, as you
say, at last?”

  He inclined his head. “ And in no small
measure either, since, though each grain
of sand in the river bar, while no more

than a sand grain really, may by its posi-
tion in the integral whole assume an im-
portance entirely unsuspected. As for in-
stance the color of the flowers sent by Mrs.
Lee to grace the funeral of her friend,
which, as it appears from your account of
your conversation this afternoon, she was
at more or less trouble to explain.”

  “ Huh?” Suddenly, Bryce came out of
the abstraction that had held him since
Semi had pronounced his dictum regard-
ing Gregson and Palls. “ What about th*
color? What’s it got to do with sand?”
“ With sand nothing,” said Semi-Dual,
excusing that inability of Jim’s to under-
stand the forms of symbolism he was so
wont to use as his means of expression.
“ But there is truth now as always in the
saying that ‘ Eyes have they and they see
not; ears and they hear not,’ since we
who denominate ourselves men and women,
are prone to permit the eyes and ears of the
spirit to be blinded and numbed by the
physical eyes of the mind. Yet the eyes
of the spirit exist, and he who knows the
means of their employment, will find that
he can read. Let me ask if you have ever
associated the color red with mourning,
Mr. Bryce?”

  “ With mourning?” Jim repeated, while
I experienced a sudden sensation best
described by a tightening of the nerves.
“ Why, no. I’ve always associated it with
something more like a celebration—Fourth
of July, and Chinese New Year.”

  “ Exactly,” said Semi-Dual. “ And yet
red is also used largely in their burials by
the Chinese.”

  “ The Chinks!” Jim burst Jut in visible
excitement. “ That woman’s got one for
a butler, an’ Mallory had that pipe in her
rooms, an’ Lee sends red roses to her fun-
eral, an'— Say—”

  “ The sand bar in the river’s course,”
said Semi-Dual, “ grows with the addition
of each grain of sand.”

  The sand-bar grows. Were the pipe,
the color of the funeral flowers, the friend-
ship between the two women, the fact that
the lessee of the Wyndham house employed
an Oriental servant, grains of sand? Was
that what Dual meant? And was the sand-
bar in the course of the river something
262

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

which should some day bar its further
progress or check it at least—a something
growing stronger, a more definite barrier,
approaching nearer and nearer to the time
when it should block the swirling force of
the very current that had built it, with each
added bit of evidence? Was that it?

  Had Dual by his means of learning the
unknowable, as it seemed at times, been as
it were the initial bar to the dark course
of the flood of human passions and sordid
material purpose let loose by whoever was
responsible for what had occurred? And
had each fact, each item of knowledge
Bryce and I had brought to him, been built
into the fabric he had been slowly erecting
for the staying of that course for days?
All at once it seemed to me that this and
this only could be the true interpretation
of his strangely cryptic words. And if so,
then too I could understand his welcoming
remark that we came at a good time, his
urge that I tell my story without delay.

  His work had been well-nigh complete;
he had only needed for its completion a
few—perhaps a very few—additional
“ grains of sand.” Had we furnished them?
I wondered. Was the barrier in the path
of the guilty now complete? Had it been
built up through our joint efforts? Had
we, without knowing, so far as Bryce and
I were concerned, succeeded?

  Suddenly it seemed to me that we must
at least be on the verge of success, since
Semi had said all things were becoming
clear at last—Semi-Dual—my inscrutable,
wonderful friend—this modern mystic—so
practical in his mysticism after all, who
had said that we three were seekers after
truth. All at once, as the thought gripped
me with the force of a conviction, I lifted
my head and met his watching eyes.

  They were on me. I knew he had been
watching me all along; that they under-
stood what had been going on in my
puzzling brain. And now they smiled back
at me wTith perfect understanding.

  “ Patience,” he spoke softly, including
both Jim and me in his further words.
“ Not yet is the time of justice, my friends.
But it approacheth with the slow march
of the judge when wTith dignity, he gathers
his robes about him and takes his place.

Even now the Court of High Justice is
sitting in judgment on the guilty. Cause
and effect are the accusers, and the jurors
are the stars. Justice shall be done at the
appointed time and shall prove but a carry-
ing out of that verdict which is theirs. But
for the present let the trial proceed in good
faith of the final findings, since there re-
mains another element, as yet, to enter
the case.”

  And as before, he spoke with a positive
conviction, with the air of one with un-
shaken faith in his words. I believed.
Strangely enough, as I sat there and lis-
tened, all doubt of the results to be achieved
died out of my heart. That calm avowal
of the unswervable march of justice toward
an appointed end, swept me up and seemed
to carry me forward to the final time when
the newer element he mentioned should
have brought the matter to an ending, even
though I had no least conception of what
it was.

  “ After all then,” I said at length, “ the
whole matter revolves about the ivory pipe.
It was the first grain of sand.”

  “ It was an important grain of sand be-
cause ef its position,” Semi said.

  “ I don’t make it. I don’t make it at
all,” Jim complained, breaking through the
silence that had held him in a sort of
morose brooding. “ Whadje mean? I’ll
admit it was a handsome thing. Was there
somethin’ funny about it, like these temple
jewels that have been swiped out of idols
now and again? Is that what it was?”

  “ There was nothing of what you mean
about the pipe, Mr. Bryce,” Dual replied.
“ Nor in the funeral flowers in themselves.
Each is no more than a leading, an in-
dication—a something to be read not so
much by the eyes of the mind as of the
soul. Yet each, as one might say, estab-
lishes in a certain measure the key note of
this pitiful affair. For the pipe wras the
pipe of Pan, and the flowers, things of
ethereal beauty in themselves, become at
the last the pall that covered the limbs of
a human flower, spotted by the filth of the
world—of material indulgence—of what
those of a satryistic nature call earthly
pleasure before they were laid in the grave.

  “ Truly, my friends, is it said that ‘ The
THE IVORY PIPE.

263

wages of sin is death.’ And as light de-
feats darkness ever, and good overcometh
evil, so too doth the sinner, having wrought
his evil doing, receive his wage. Those
who live in the flesh, in the flesh and by
the flesh shall they perish, even as the
germ of a disease, by its very growth in
the body, sets up the causes destined in
the end to effect its own dissolution, dooms
itself to death through the substances its
own ill activities produce.”

  “ And as near as I can make that out,”
said Jim, “ you mean that this bunch, who-
ever they are, are going to hang them-
selves.”

  Semi-Dual inclined his head. “In a
measure, yes. That will be true, in effect
at least, since it is they who themselves
have created a retroactive cause.”

  Jim took another deep breath. His
manner was somewhat dazed. “ An’ I
suppose accordin’ to that there ain’t nothin’
to do but wait.”

  “ Wait, aye,” Semi-Dual told him, “ until
you are called upon again to work.”

  “ Semi! ” I cried, arrested by the word-
ing of his answer. “ Do you mean that
—that it’s nearly finished?”

  “ As yet, no,” he replied directly. “ Yet
the time approaches when it will be. My
exact meaning is that in my sincere be-
lief, those further steps required to bring
about its ending depend largely upon my-
self. Hence return now to your accustomed
ways, yet hold yourself in readiness to act.”
“ Return?” I gasped.

  “ Aye, full of the grateful knowledge
that more than one soul shall be again up-
lifted; that you have acquired fresh merit,
through your work.”

  Dismissal. It was nothing less. I felt
startled, puzzled, amazed, and hurt. I rose
and Bryce followed. Or was it dismissal?
Already my first shocked feeling of pique
was passing. Semi had said the rest of the
affair would depend largely upon himself.
And—we were to return until once more
we were needed. As always, Dual had
stated the necessities of the issue. That
was it. I felt a trifle better as we left the
roof.

  Not' so Bryce. His face was a dull red
from suppressed emotion. “ Fired—kicked

out,” he exploded as the chimes died away
behind us and we descended the stairs.
“ Told to beat it and given a bone of
‘ acquired merit ’ to gnaw on. Maybe
things are clear to him, but the only thing
clear to me is that he don’t consider us
of very much use.”

  “ Hold on, old man,” I said, and pointed
out what conclusions regarding the matter
I had formed already for myself.

  “ Huh! ” he grunted when I had fin-
ished. “ Well, by granny! maybe you’re
right, m’ son.” His expression cleared.

CHAPTER XXIII.

NORMAN HADDON.

WE went down and entered, our office
for the first time that day. So far
as that went, however, we were
fortunate in having as our representative
in our absence, a very efficient young wo-
man who had been with us from the first
—Miss Nellie Newell.

  She glanced up from her desk as we
came in together, and rose to intercept us.

  “ Mr. Glace,” she announced, “ there is
a Mr. Haddon—a Mr. Norman Haddon
—has called twice to see you this after-
noon. The last time he decided to wait
and I gave him a chair in your private
room.”

  “ Thank you, Miss Newell,” I said.
Haddon was a man I had known for some
time, rather better than some people knew
him, but he was the last man in the world
I had expected to-day. I glanced at Bryce.
His face was an unvoiced interrogation.
He also was acquainted with Haddon,
though not so well as myself.

  “ Stick around,” I told him. “ I’ll see
what he wants.”

  Then I entered my private room.

  Mr. Norman Haddon sat there, impec-
cable in dress and grooming, a very fashion
plate as always, debonair and smiling, in
seeming a rather idle, rather bored, and
blase example of the type best described
as a man about town.

  “ Oh, hello, old chap! Happened to be
in your city and thought I’d take the op-
portunity, you know, of renewing old ac-
264

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

quaintance. Not disturbing you, am I, dear
old fellow; what?” he said in the sort
of English aped by so many of his ap-
parent class, as I closed the door.

  “ Not at all,” I replied, taking the
languid hand he extended. To tell the
truth, I liked the man despite his actually
foppish ways. Or not so much in spite of
them either, but because I knew that they
really were a mask behind which lurked
the real Haddon, as a hunter may lurk in
a blind.

  “ Awfully good of you to say so, old
dear,” he remarked as our fingers touched,
and I laughed in his face.

  “ Forget it, Haddon,” I prompted. “ Cut
it out.”

  He knew well enough that I referred to
his manner and he followed my suggestion
with a vengeance. “ Glace,” he said in
a wholly altered fashion, jerking his head
slightly to one side, “ is yours a sound-proof
door?”-

  My interest quickened. I glanced at
the entrance to the room, I had just closed
behind me.

  “ Well,” I hastened to assure him, “ up
to now it’s never been impeached, but
what’s the answer?”

  He smiled slightly as he responded. “ As
a matter of fact, my visit isn’t , quite so
casual as it appears. What’s this I hear
about the arrest of Gladys Vance?”

  And if he had quickened my interest a
moment before, he intensified it now.
What interest, I asked myself, did Norman
Haddon, one of the “ unknown ” agents
of the Federal Intelligence Service, a man
who had done wonderful work for his
country in the past, even while seeming
to have no aim or object in life beyond
his own pleasures, have in Gladys Vance?

  Then as I felt his brown eyes waiting
for my reply to his question, I told him:
“ Well, as it happens, it’s the truth. It’s
a most peculiar case too, Haddon, and
has had Bryce and me up in the air for
several days. Right now things appear
to have reached what one might call an
impasse.”

  He nodded. “ Tell me about it,” he said.
“ The charge is murder, I believe?”

  “ First,” I suggested, as he settled him-

self in his chair to hear my story, “ let me
ask what you know about the Vance girl,
yourself.”

  “ Met her in New York,” he responded
briefly. “ Knew she was in the city. Called
to see her and found her—out. Found out
she was also in—jail, and that you were
working in her interests in the matter.
Don’t believe she did anything like the de-
tails I have gathered. Always seemed a
thoroughbred sort of girl to me. Wouldn’t
mind helping her out of a pickle if there is
anything I could do. Thought I might even
call on her in jail if you could fix it. Got a
lovely voice, as I know myself. Pity to cage
it. Now shoot.”

  For a moment I studied the man before
I complied. Casual as was his explanation,
I wondered if he were telling me the truth.
He was a peculiar article, was Haddon. He
had to be to have done the unheralded work
he had been doing as I knew for years—to
have won to his present position, where he
stood high—how high even I myself was not
sure—in the department confidence. But
his attitude of passive waiting told me noth-
ing. I gave it up and began.

  And I guess I made my narrative pretty
complete, because as I went on I found a
positive relief to talk about the case.

  “ Rum go,” he made comment as I
reached an end. Actually he aped the
vapid so much in his conversation that it
crept more or less into his serious speech.
“Honestly, you chaps seem to be pretty well
up against a wall. Do you suppose now by
any chance that the little lady has fallen a
trifle short of telling you the truth? I don’t
mean that she’s deceived you exactly in
what she’s told you, but that she simply
hasn’t seen fit to tell you all she knows.”

   As a matter of fact I hud considered that
side of the matter more than once, and I
said so. “ But in Heaven’s name,” I com-
pleted the admission, “ what could she
know?”

  “ Too much,” Haddon said, in his at
times half-humorous fashion. “ Why else
would they have tried to get her inside the
jail, when she was already booked for the
Mallory murder? That’s clear enough, I
should fancy. You see, they’re afraid that
if she comes to trial she may loosen up and
THE IVORY PIPE.

265

tell things they can’t afford to have dis-
closed.”

  He was right, in theory at least. What
he said w'ould explain the attempt on Miss
Vance’s life. “ That’s a logical conclusion,”
I agreed.

 And Haddon nodded. Suddenly once
more h . was smiling. “ See here,” he ex-
claimed. “ I wonder that you haven’t called
in that friend of yours who reads the stars,
to help you a bit in this.”

  1 laughed. It wras hard at times to tell
whether Haddon was merely talking or ask-
ing a question. “ As a matter of fact,” I
replied, “ we have.”

  Because really it couldn’t do any harm to
tell him. He knew Semi-Dual, had twice
met him, both times when Semi himself was
engaged on the solution of a baffling tangle.

  Now he echoed my laugh. “ And what
does he say about it?”

  “ As nearly as I can interpret his re-
marks, he says he will have to handle the
rest of the matter himself,” I rejoined.

 “Eh?” Haddon narrowed his eyes.
“ What does he mean by that?”

  “ He didn’t explain,” I told him.

    No, I suppose not,” said my companion
in a tone of musing. “ Honestly, Glace,
Mr. Semi-Dual is the most wonderful man
I have ever met. There is a something
about him—I hardly know how to express
it, but a something that makes one feel that
he is just a bit wiser, a bit stronger, a bit
better armed with knowledge in its true
sense, don’t you know, than any of the rest
of us. I’m not inclined to be mawkish, and
I don’t intend to in the present instance,
but positively one can’t come long into con-
tact with him without feeling the man’s
superior ability and force.”

  He laughed again and there was a tinge
of uncertainty about the sound—an almost
embarrassed something. “ I—well, hang it,
I always think of him as a wise man, such
as one reads about. At the risk of appear-
ing hackneyed, I might allege that he ap-
pears more of a superman than a mere hu-
man being, I suppose. And yet—he’s most
delightfully human. Does he still live on
the roof?”

  “ Yes,” I answered, nodding. Haddon’s
outburst was little short of surprising, but

1 understood. I had felt the same way
about Dual from the time I met him first.

  He lifted his eyes toward the ceiling as
though he would pierce through the inter-
vening floors. “ Sitting on the roof of a
modern sky-scraper, reading the stars,” he
said. “ Actually, Glace, that’s almost as
weird in its way as this case of yours.”

  “ I know it,” I agreed. “ But there’s a
difference. I’ve seen Dual prove his ability
by results and so far as the case is con-
cerned, the only lead we seemed to have has
flivvered, and there isn’t any proof.”

  “ Of course,” said Haddon, “ there are a
dozen different ways in wThich they might
have picked up one of Edwards’s cards.”

  “ I suppose so,” I assented without much
interest.

  “ Palls and this Gregson are society
johnnies?”

  “ Oh, yes,” I said, “ of a class.”

  “ And the women at that funeral—they
were of a certain class of ‘ society ’—I’m
using quotes for ‘ society,’ Glace, please no-
tice—too.”

  “ Quite so,” I confessed. “ Probably you
appreciate the class without further ampli-
fication.”

  Haddon nodded. “ I fancy I do. This
Gregson is a pretty speedy johnnie, I take
it, and Palls the sort of old-young bounder
we’ve both seen before?”

  “ Yes,” I said, “ that about hits it off.
But see here, before we go any further with
this, suppose I call in Bryce.”

  “ By all means,” my caller assented, and
I pressed a buzzer to summon Jim from his
own room.

CHAPTER XXIV.

THE NEW ELEMENT.

HE showed up a moment later, shook
hands and proffered Haddon one of
his black cigars, which he declined.

  “ Too strong for my sensitive nerves, Mr.
Bryce,” he explained, and I offered him a
cigarette. I was rather fancy in my tobacco
because as a matter of fact I got most of it
from Semi, who used it very seldom, but in-
dulged, when he did, in the most exquisite
blend I had ever found.
266

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Haddon lighted the tiny roll and tasted
the smoke with appreciation.

  I told him what it was and he nodded
with a smile. “ We were just discussing
Mr. Dual and the case you’ve been working
on together,” he drew Jim into the circle of
our conversation. “ And we were taking
Gregson and Palls to pieces in a rather
gossipy fashion, before Glace called you in.
As a matter of fact, I’m acquainted with
the woman in the case.”

  “ Mallory?” said Jim sharply.

  Haddon shook his head. “ No, Vance.
Do you suppose there would be a chance
of my seeing her, now that I’m in the city?
Nice girl, with a really exceptional voice.
Heard her sing more than once, in New
York.”

  “ You could go down and ask Johnson.
He’s got the police end of this on his ticket,”
Jim suggested, and asked a question in turn.
“ Say, Haddon, just what brings you to
town?”

  The eyes of the man before us did not
narrow. In fact they did not alter at all
unless one looked clear down into their
liquid depths. Then and then only would
a close observer have possibly seen a tiny
change in their appearance. For a moment
he looked neither at Jim nor me, but studied
rather the tip of his cigarette. Then: “Be-
tween ourselves, business, my friends,” he
replied.

  “ Goin’ to be here long?” Jim was noth-
ing at times if not direct.

  Haddon laughed in a wholly natural
fashion. He spread his well-kept hands in
a little deprecating gesture. “ Quien sabe?”
he said.

  “ Oh, that’s it?” Jim nodded. “ Nobody
knows—long or short, accordin’ to what you
have to do, eh? It’s that sort of a case?”

  “ Yes, it’s Ihat sort of a case,” Haddon
agreed.

  “ Well, all right,” Jim accepted his state-
ment. “ My only reason for askin’ was that
we’ve worked on a thing together before
this and I thought maybe you’d like to take
a hand in th’ present matter, seein’ that
you know Vance, an’ she’s caught in a
nasty mess.”

  “ Oh, but,” said Haddon quickly, “ that
other affair was a government case, my dear

fellow, and Glace tells me Dual says he in-
tends to handle the rest of this matter him-
self. I’d scarcely like to interfere with his
plans, even to the extent of volunteering
any such assistance as I might give.”

  “ Well,” Bryce persisted, “ it wouldn’t do
any harm for you to go up and see him. If
he wanted to use you, he’d likely ask you to
get into the thing himself.”

  There was always a bulldog tenacity
about Jim, and now it appeared to me that
he was in the mood to grasp at any straw
that appeared to his mind as likely to offer
a chance of arriving at a successful issue to
the present case.

  “ Like to see him immensely,” Haddon
returned, lapsing into his almost drawling
manner. “ Man I respect, don’t you know,
immensely—most unusual type and all that
sort of thing; interests one, flicks the im-
agination—appears more like a character
out of a story book or something than one
in real life. Might be a Magus or something
like that, sitting around in those white-
and-purple robes he affects in his most re-
markable quarters, what?” He fiddled with
his cigarette all the time he was talking, and
watching him I saw the well-chiseled wings
of his nostrils twitch. Abruptly he changed
the subject. “ Do you know I’d like to
meet this Gregson and his running mate?
From what you say, they must be possessed
of means, not to say rich?”

  “ Oh, yes,” I agreed. “ Palls seems pros-
perous enough, and Gregson is the son of
old Bill Gregson, who made a mint out of
the chemical importing trade, I believe.”
Haddon nodded. “ Well, probably I’ll
run against him; I’m likely to be in town
some days. Fact is, I’ve a lot of letters of
introduction to present. Ostensibly, I’m not
working, as of course, you understand. I’m
—well—just following my usual manner of
living. Still if I should bump into anything
in my poking around, we’ll probably get
together again. One never knows what he
will meet, either. As for instance, when I
called at Miss Vance’s this afternoon and
learned what had happened and came on to
ask if there were any objections, before try-
ing to see her first.”

  “ None, so far as we are concerned,” I
assured him.
THE IVORY PIPE.

267

  “ Thanks.” Once more he lifted his eyes
toward the ceiling. And then he dragged
them down and met my glance and smiled
in an almost whimsical way. “ Jove, I
wonder if there would be any chance of my
being welcomed by your singular friend on
the roof?”

  I laughed. There was no denying that
Dual’s personality seemed to have taken
an immense hold on Haddon’s imagination.
Also I suspected that he was a trifle more
interested in the predicament of Gladys
Vance than he chose to admit, which was
natural enough considering the obscure at-
mosphere of the whole affair, and that any
one who spent his time in ferreting out blind
facts might find at least an impersonal in-
terest in the case.

  “ If you really want to know, I can
easily find out if he will make it a genuine
welcome,” I volunteered.

“ Yes?” Haddon elevated his eyebrows.
“ Yes indeed.” I rose and approached
the box of the private line behind me. I
called Dual and told him Haddon was in
my office.

  “ Send Mr. Haddon up,” he replied with-
out a moment’s hesitation.

  I hung up and turned around.

  “ Your welcome’s waiting,” I said smil-
ingly.

  “ Eh?” he rose as I finished speaking.
“ Well, that’s awfully good of you old
chap. Much obliged. I think I’ll trot up
there for a minute. See you again.”

  His stick in the crook of his elbow, his
neatly folded top-coat over one arm, he
opened the door of the private office and
walked out with a farewell gesture of his
hand.

  “ And,” said Bryce in comment after his
departure, “ you’d swear he was a blither-
ing fool, if you didn’t know he was wise.
Now' what’s the answer, m’ son?”

  “ Answer?” I repeated. “ Why he wants
to see Semi—and—”

  “ He’s a slick article,” said Jim. “ He
wants to see Vance, too, you notice.”

  “ Well, that’s natural enough, isn’t it?”
I countered. “ He knew her in New York,
and went to call at her apartment and found
her in jail. I consider it decent of him to
come to see us first.”

  “ Yes, I know,” Jim admitted, frowning.
“ But—”

  “ But what?’’ I prompted.

  “ Nothin’,” he told me almost shortly,
and sat puffing away on his cigar, the folds
of a puzzled frown upon his face.

  I didn’t press him for an explanation.
Whatever it was he had in mind it seemed
best to let him think it out. Besides it was
getting late, close to the end of a rather
tiresome not to say disappointing day,
which appeared to me to have climaxed in
Semi’s incomprehensible declaration that
the future steps in bringing the mystery to
a solution would be taken by himself.

  It was toward that statement rather than
Haddon’s call my own fancy turned. I
leaned back in my chair and lighted an-
other cigarette and tried to form even the
slightest, the most vague conception of what
he possibly could mean.

  The blue smoke of the fuming tobacco
curled around me. It Vas a special mixture
Dual had once told me he obtained from
the same supply as the former Khedive of
Egypt. Egypt—I narrowTed my eyes and
stared at the glowing tip of the cigarette.
It was a tiny red spark in the dusk of the
November afternoon. It was like a little
live ruby—or, with the ash about it, like a
little red eye in a gray-lidded socket.

  Egypt! Egypt was in the East. And
Dual had said there was a hint of the
Orient about this tangle we had been trying
to unweave. And there was the strange
story Gladys Vance told of the murder, as
uncanny as any mystery of the Orient in
its wording, and there were the red roses
woven into a funeral pall for the woman
who had died—red roses, scarlet roses—
and there was the weird, the fiendish, at-
tempt on the life of the girl in the prison
hospital ward to-day as the result, and—
there was the ivory pipe. And now Dual
had said he was about to take the final
steps in person, if I had rightly understood
him. And here was I smoking an Eastern
cigarette and trying to puzzle these things
out.

Dual had said, too, that Gregson ar 1
Palls had none save an incidental connec-
tion with the case. A feeling of something
like chagrin crept into my musing that I
268

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

should have attached so much importance
to the broker and his friend. And yet—
even Haddon—the finished, the post-gradu-
ated, government sleuth, had seemed inter-
ested in the two men in question when I
had given him the facts.

  I tried to draw a modicum of comfort
from that consideration as I sat there. I
had been fooled of course, but the trouble
was that everything had a trick in this in-
fernal business of, as Bryce, now scowling
to himself over beyond my desk, would
have said, “ seemin’ like what they ain’t.”
Yes, that was the trouble. There were two
interpretations possible in nearly everything
that had up to now occurred. There were
facts that couldn’t be harmonized, as it
seemed, with the statements made about
them; there were explanations offered,
which might or might not explain. And it
was hard, as Semi again had said, to winnow
the true from the false; to know which in-
terpretation to take.

  All at once I smiled. There was Jim
puzzling his brain over Haddon’s visit,
which taken on its face was perfectly sim-
ple. Only Haddon, as my partner had re-
marked, was like everything else we had
been meeting now for days, not at all so
simple as he made it his business to seem—
a man who kept his very life and all that it
embraced masked as it were behind a con-
tinual disguise.

  What the deuce, 1 found myself thinking,
had brought the man to town, with a bunch
of letters of introduction in his pocket—
letters to be presented to society people, no
doubt, since the society dawdler, the rich
and purposeless man of fashion, was his
customary pose. Some thing important of
course, I admitted. The department did
not send men of his caliber out on any other
sort of case. It would be something then
of a national or perhaps an international
nature, he would attempt to unveil at least
in a measure, inside the next few days.
And on what of that nature, I continued my
line of introspection, could he work while
he led the life of a man whose chief em-
ployment was bound up in a round of calls
and teas?

  With a feeling of amusement, I realized'
that I had wandered from my original line

  of thought and was now turning my atten-
tion to the identical consideration that
seemed to be still holding Bryce. I dragged
myself back and returned to the other
problem. What did Semi-Dual mean by
saying he himself would handle the further
steps to be taken in the Mallory case? Not
only that but why, I tried to decide, was it
essential that he handle things himself?
Admitting that there was a necessity, as I
did not deny since he proclaimed it, why in
the name of all that was reasonable did it
exist?

  Suddenly some hint of meaning seemed
to wake and quiver up within me. If in-
deed there was a touch of the Oriental in
the whole affair, as appeared in the manner
of both the commission of the murder and
the second attempt at a crime, surely Dual
was best equipped to meet it with under-
standing. He was half Oriental himself,
spoke Persian and Chinese as I was aware,
read the literature of the two nations in the
original tongue. Surely then he should be
competent above all others to comprehend
the workings of the Oriental mind. Was
that it? And if so, what in Heaven’s name
did we face?

  All at once, and as if in answTer to that
question, another thought leaped into my
brain—as wild, as weird, as any other thing
in the whole affair, and yet a thing which,
if true, might as it seemed on first inspec-
tion, harmonize everything else—

  “ That’s it,” said Bryce, speaking for the
first time in the past half-hour.

  I started. His words came almost as a
verbal confirmation of my own amazing
thought.

  “ What’s it?” I demanded turning toward
him.

  “ Haddon,” he announced.

  “ Oh, is he?” I returned more calmly.
For the moment I had forgotten what he
had been thinking about.

  And yet his next words brought me up
standing. “ Yep. He’s a slicker. I got to
admit, and I’ll hand it to him. An’ I reckon
I wouldn’t have spotted his game if I hadn’t
had what you might call inside information.
But—he came here after something, an’
even if I don’t just see how, I guess he got
it. Remember what Dual said when we
THE IVORY PIPE.

269

was up there this afternoon? Well, Had-
don m’son’s the answer. He’s th’ new
dement in this case.”

CHAPTER XXV.

SPECULATION.

FOR a long moment after his most sur-
prising statement, I stared at Bryce.
It was almost as though he had voiced
in a way those most bewildering thoughts I
.had just been considering myself. If in-
deed Norman Haddon were the new element
Semi-Dual had said was about to enter the
situation, then it might even be that the
duty which had brought the government
agent to the city, and the Mallory case,
were one. In support of such a possibility,
I now recalled another remark of Dual’s.

  He had said that the interests involved
in the affair were great—of a vaster impor-
tance than any consideration of one indi-
vidual’s welfare, of one individual life.
Taken in connection with Jim’s suggestion,
those words took on a new and different
meaning. They excited speculation, thoughts
of plot and counterplot, of the intrigue and
adventure of secret diplomacy, of interna-
tional dealings and complications. I sup-
pose some of my emotions showed in my
face.

  Because all at once I became conscious
that Bryce was smiling.

  “ Rather jolts you m’son, don’t it?” he
said, and then in mimicry of Haddon him-
self, “ eh, what? Lord, he is a slicker, ain't
he? but I bet I got his number. He blows
in here hunting an earful after he finds out
something that connects whatever work he’s
doing with th’ Mallory girl and Vance. An’
he gets into touch with Dual, just as he did
with us, after he found we was workin’ on
th’ case.

  “ Gordon, do you know what’s happened?
You’ve heard Dual talk before now on what
he calls ‘ interdirections,’ an’ I savvy what
he means enough to know that it’s simply
his way of saying that what anybody does
affects somebody else than himself — that
this game of life is like a lot of intersectin’
paths, always crossin’ one another if you
get th’ notion. An’ what’s happened now

is that th’ path Haddon was runnin’ out,
an’ th’ one we’ve been followin’ for days,
have crossed. That about sums it up, I
guess.”

  It was a long speech for Jim and he
paused a little red in the face, but with an
actual glitter of excitement that showed his
supreme interest and conviction, in his eyes.
More, I was inclined to agree with him my-
self, and I said so.

  Jim nodded.

  “ You bet,” he declared and chuckled.
“ That’s why he wants to see his dear friend
with the pretty voice, so much. My Lord
that fellow’s slick, an’ by th’ same token, of
course, he wants to meet Bill Gregson an’
Palls.”

  “ Hold on,” I objected; “ Dual says they
have only an indirect connection with the
matter.”

  “ It’s indirections I’m talkin’ about now,”
said Bryce. “ Even an indirection may be
a helpful sort of animal, I guess. I betcha
that’s how Semi knew Haddon was due to
show. You know how he works. Well—-
didn’t he tell us there was actors in this not
identified as yet th’ other day, an’ don’t you
suppose he was wise from th’ position of
some of them signs of his in his cart wheels,
that somethin’ out of the ordinary was
cornin’ off?”

  “ Good God, Jim,” I exclaimed rather
thickly, “ that’s a most surprisingly clear
explanation for a man who pulls some of the
stuff you do about Semi’s work.”

  He grinned. He appeared very well sat-
isfied with his own deductions. 11 Well,” he
rejoined, “ I ain’t such a fool but what I
can see somethin’ what’s just about dead
open an’ shut.”

  “ Out of the mouths of babes and fools
wisdom,” I retorted.

  “ Meanin’ I’m which?” he countered.

  “ Meaning,” I told him as a fresh wave
of conviction seized me and swept me be-
fore it, “ that I think you’re right.”

  He nodded once more grinning. “ Even
you exhibit sense at times m’son. An’ with
them two teamin’ up on the trail of these
jaspers, whoever they are, you can look
for somethin’ to drop.”

  But if Jim was right in his opinion, there
was very little to support it beyond our be-
270

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

lief and perforce we let it go at that for the
time.

  Edwards blew in the next morning, and
mooned around for a good half-hour. He
brought no information with him, and of
course we had none to give. Actually I
felt sorry for the fellow. He was positively
getting seedy in appearance. His face was
drawn, haggard and in need of a shave.
There were dark hollows reminiscent of
sleepless nights and worry about his eyes.
He was almost painfully on edge.

  In lieu of anything else, I questioned him
concerning Gregson’s visit on the previous
day to Palls. But he had nothing to add to
the fact. The young man had simply driven
up in a high-powered roadster and entered
the broker’s office. He had remained the
best part of an hour and left.

  “ But there is one thing I haven’t told
you,” Edwards said all at once. “ You re-
member that woman who sat back of the
screen at the funeral the other day. Well,
yesterday she drove up in her limousine and
sent in for Palls just about the time he al-
ways leaves for lunch. He came out and
got in with her and they drove away.”

  “ Mrs. Lee?” I inquired, wondering
whether the mere fact that the woman and
Palls had probably kept a luncheon engage-
ment had any real bearing in the final
equation.

  “ I don’t know what her name is, but I
know the woman by sight,” Edwards re-
turned. “ D’ye know her?”

  “ I know her name and that she sent that
red pall to cover Peaches’s casket,” I told
him. “ She lives out in the old Wyndham
property, and Bryce and I saw her yester-
day afternoon in her own house.”

  Edwards frowned. “ She sent ’em, did
she? Glace, I suppose I’m growing morbid
or something, but I’m getting so I try to
see something that isn’t there in everything
I happen to run across.”

  I nodded. “ That’s natural under the
circumstances, it seems to me,” I replied.

  He got up and stood scowling across the
room before he abruptly burst out: “ Good
God, how long are we going to go on like
this? How long has that girl got to rot in
their filthy jail? I saw her yesterday after-
noon, and I tell you there’s something funny

about this whole works from first to last.
She was pretty well over the effects of that
damned drug, but some way she isn’t her-
self. And when I told her how hard we all
were working, and how little we had accom-
plished really, d’ye know what she said?
She said I mustn’t worry, because she felt
sure everything would come out all right.”
“ Well,” I said, “ I should think you’d
be glad she could say it. You ought to be
glad she can feel like that about it.”

  “ I am, of course,” he flared back sharp-
ly, and then in an altered tone: “ But,
Glace, it made me feel as though she knew
something the rest of us didn’t—as though
—oh, hang it, I guess I’m nutty, but the
way she said it, and the way she looked
when she said it, made me feel as if she’d
been holding something back—had an ace
in the hole she would pull if she had to but
wasn’t ready to use.”

  “You’d better go get some sleep if you
can,” I suggested, because, as he spoke, I
suddenly found that I wanted to get rid of
the chap and think.

  And he nodded. “ All right,” he ac-
cepted meekly. “ I guess maybe you’re
right, and I’m making a lot out of nothing,
so—I’ll mosey off.”

  But I wasn’t sure he was making some-
thing out of nothing as I watched him
vanish. Haddon had suggested an incom-
plete presentation of all the facts by Miss
Vance, and now Edwards, who knew her
rather better than any other man as one
might suppose, was advancing the same sup-
position. And simmered down to the brief-
est terms, that amounted simply to the
proposition that Gladys Vance might or
might not know something she would use
only as a last resort and to saxfe her own
life. But what—what could she know, and
why had she kept it, if kept it she had, to
herself?—for what object, to serve what
end? I turned and twisted the thing this
way and that in my brain, endeavoring to
find some plausible solution.

  There might even in the present light be
something of what both Haddon and Ed-
wards suggested I thought in the girl’s as-
sertion the first day we called upon her in
her cell, that whoever had stabbed Noriene
Mallory had expected some one else to open
THE IVORY PIPE.

271

the door. And yet she had denied ac-
knowledge of an enemy who might have
sought to reach her in so unbelievable a
fashion, almost as soon as she had voiced
the other assertion. Only now, I wondered
if that denial had been an . evasion—if she
had sought to turn the matter off as a mere
suggested possibility; if, in other words, she
had momentarily said too much and there-
after had tried to divert our attention from
it, by making it appear a mere suggestion
rather than anything else.

   Dual’s assertion that Miss Mallory had
met her death through an error, came now
also to appear in a different guise. All at
once I began to feel as though I was seeing
light in the dark maze of the whole affair,
dimly; as though I were standing on the
threshold of heretofore undreamed things;
as though it wrere possible after all that the
impossible might in some such fashion be
explained; as though Edwards’s chance
words might have placed in my hand the
key to the whole unbelievable tragedy in
the rooms of Gladys Vance the night of the
Victory Ball. And the upshot of my think-
ing was that I came to the decision that I
would call again on Miss Vance, that after-
noon.

   That decision I carried out.

CHAPTER XXVI.

“ YOU TOO?”

I FOUND Miss Vance still in the hospital,
but sitting up. There was a current
magazine on her knee and a vase of what
looked like Edwards’s red roses, on a tiny
iron stand at the side of her bed. Taken
all in all, there was about her an atmosphere
of decided cheer.

   She smiled as she saw- me coming and ex-
tended a hand. “ Good afternoon, Mr.
Glace,” she greeted me as I paused and the
attendant brought me a chair, “ do you be-
lieve in numbers?”

   “ In numbers?” I returned. “ I’m afraid
you’ll have to be more explicit.”

   She nodded. “ I’ve had two surprises al-
ready to-day, and your visit is the third.”

   “ And the other two?” I took the chair
supplied me and sat down.

  “ A visit from a dear friend, Mr. Haddon,
who tells me you are acquainted, and the
statement from him that he knows the
strange friend of yours you were telling me
about the other day—the one who reads the
truth in the stars.”

  “ So you know Haddon rather well?” I
inquired.' Plainly the fellow had beaten
me in his visit to the jail. Oddly the
thought gave me a sudden desire to smile.
There w'as a stealthy speed to the man both
in action and thought at all times, that
seemed to contribute largely to the results
he gained.

  “ Oh, yes,” Miss Vance told me quickly.
“ I knew him in New7 York before 1 came
to your city. He has a really silly way of
talking, but he’s an awfully good sort.”

  “ As it happens I know exactly what his
‘ silly ’ way of talking covers, Miss Vance,”
I said, and looked straight into her blue-
gray eyes.

  She uttered a short little, low-pitched
laugh. “ He’s really a very clever person,
isn’t he, Mr. Glace.”

  “ Very,” I agreed. It struck me she was
making conversation rather than according
me an opportunity to ask questions, to
learn. “ Miss Vance, just what made you
think that whoever rapped on your door
the other morning, might have expected, you
to open it yourself?” I sw-itched the sub-
ject under discussion rather abruptly;

  “ Why—” the eyes I watched widened
and darkened swiftly, “ the fact that they
came to my rooms, of course, Mr. Glace.”
She spoke with an almost surprised in-
nocence, too, as it seemed, but 1 wasn’t sat-
isfied. “ You had no other reason? You
can’t think of any one who would have
been likely to come to your rooms for such
a purpose?”

  “ No. As I told you before, I can’t
think of a single person who would have
done such a thing as that, Mr. Glace.”
The form of her answer struck me. “ Per-
haps not a single person, Miss Vance.” I
said. “ But how about a group of per-
sons?”

  “ Mr. Glace!” she cried out softly, seem-
ing to stiffen a trifle, and went on after that
first involuntary exclamation: “ Won’t you
please say exactly what you mean?”
272

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Yes, Miss Vance,” I acceded to her
suggestion, “ I will.” For now it came to
me that I had surprised her; that she had
not looked for the exact line of interroga-
tion my questions were taking, and I did
not intend to lose the advantage of that sur-
prise. “ Your intimation that your death
may have been intended, the other morn-
ing, gains strength from the fact of the
second attempt made inside the walls of this
very prison, upon your life. You must have
asked yourself, and you can not expect that
I will not have asked myself, why that at-
tempt was made. And there is only one
answer which seems to cover the situation,
that being that for some reason those who
made it, wished by encompassing your
death, to effectually close your mouth. And
if that explanation is the right one, then
there remains no supposition worthy of con-
sideration except that you must be pos-
sessed of certain knowledge in regard to
some person or group of persons, which, if
divulged, would prove most inimical either
to their welfare or their plans.”

  For a long moment after I had finished,
Gladys Vance did not speak. Nor did she
look at me directly. Rather she held her
eyes on the fabric of the silken negligee
she was wearing, at which the fingers of
one of those graceful hands I had noted the
first morning in her own rooms, were pick-
ing, picking. There was the attitude about
her of one debating a question, trying to
reach a decision. So for a time I sat in si-
lence and then I prompted her answer:

  “ Miss Vance.”

  She threw up her head and met my
glance. Her own lids were narrowed.
“ That is a surprisingly logical deduction,
Mr. Glace.”

  “ And—what do you think about it?” I
continued to press her.

  “ I think,” she said, smiling all at once,
“ that Joe Edwards made no mistake when
he told me he had obtained the cleverest
local man of whom he knew, to look out for
my interests in this case. The police re-
gard me as a murderess, because they found
me beside a dead body, while you at the
worst appear to consider me no more than
an adventuress.”

  It was a somewhat skilful parry, and yet

it was a parry none the less. She was on
the defensive and I felt it and I didn’t in-
tend to let her use either compliment or the
personal issue as a means to her escape.

  “ You spoiled a very pretty speech in its
ending, I’m afraid, Miss Vance,” I told her.
“ And if the first part was sincere, you
should give me credit for being able to dis-
count the last.”

  And like a beaten fencer, all at once and
with most surprising swiftness, she dropped
her point. “I do — honestly I do, Mr.
Glace,” she burst out with a quivering
mouth. “ And, oh, please believe me, I do
appreciate all your efforts in my behalf.
And—I’m going to tell you something I
ought not to tell you, to prove it. Do you
know what is meant by the letters I. S.?”

  “ I. S.?” I repeated and sat there stupidly
looking back into her steady eyes. “ You—
too.”

  “ I too—you brute,” she said with a
tremulous laugh that made her words into a
most miserable pun and robbed them of all
hurt.

  And for just an instant after that, it
seemed to me that the hospital ward got up
on the legs of its little iron beds and began
to waltz slowly around. I. S. stood for In-
telligence Service, and Haddon was one of
the government’s “ unknown ” agents, and
this girl—this little singer—oh, hang it—
the whole thing was plain enough now.

  “ Does Edwards know?” I asked at
length.

  “ No.” She shook her head. “ And you
mustn’t tell him. Our value lies wholly in
our not being known, Mr. Glace, you un-
derstand, and I’ve told him all I could. I
told him everything would come out all
right, but I couldn’t tell him why, and, of
course, the poor boy couldn’t be expected
to understand.”

  I nodded. “ I won’t tell him,” I promised
“ But—you do know something?”

  She smiled again as she answered. “ Yes,
Mr. Glace.”

  “ What?”

  She shook her head, still smiling. “ Too
much, and still not enough. That’s why I
sent for help. And that’s why I was so
sure after the first shock of my arrest and
the horror of its cause that help would be
THE IVORY PIPE.

273

sent. And I’ve been waiting, waiting for it
—only—it is sometimes hard to wait. But
at the risk of seeming stubborn, I’m going
to ask you not to urge me to tell you any-
thing else.”

  “ They sent you Haddon?” I said.

  “ Yes. And, oh, Mr. Glace, this friend
of yours must be a very, very wonderful
man, because when Mr. Haddon saw him
yesterday afternoon, he found that he had
learned the truth of what lies behind all this
miserable failure of mine, to accomplish the
task I was set. Mr. Haddon says it is the
most remarkable thing he has ever met. He
told me about it this morning, and it seems
your friend had worked the whole thing out.
He was even able to tell him things and sug-
gest others we did not know, and had not
thought of ourselves. And he—he sent me
a message by Mr. Haddon. It was so pe-
culiarly worded: ‘ Tell the Little Toiler in
the Workshop of the World, that the Inno-
cent find in their Innocence an Eternal
Buckler, when the Sword of Justice is Un-
sheathed ! ”

  “ Yes, that sounds like Semi-Dual,” I
said as she paused with a little caught-in
breath.

  “ But who is he?—who is he really, Mr.
Glace?” She leaned toward me. There
was a strange, awed something in her wide
eyes, her parted lips, the sound of her low-
ered voice.

  “ The most remarkable man I have ever
known, who knows the truth of Life as I
have never found another who knows it, and
worships Justice, and defends Innocence,
and Respects and Protects all pure women,
whom, because life comes to mankind
through them,»he calls Toilers in the Work-
shop of the World, Miss Vance,” I told her
as I rose.

  “ I see,” she said. “ A Toiler in the
Workshop is a woman, and a Buckler is a
Shield, and the Sword of Justice is—”

  “ Just that, Miss Vance, when once it is
unsheathed.”

  And then I left her. Indeed, I wanted
to leave her. I had given her something to
think about, and I had a lot to think about
myself. And the biggest thing of all was
that as early as yesterday, afternoon, Dual
had known, had held the solution in his

    7	A-S

hand—that Haddon had gone to him and
found him with the key to the mystery in
his possession, ready to turn it and unlock
whatever dark secrets it might conceal, at
the appointed time.

  Yes, Dual had known, and yet a certain
elation filled me as I turned back toward
the Urania and walked along. Semi-Dual
had solved the problem, but—I hadn’t done
so badly myself. I had been on the right
track this afternoon, and I had gained some
very definite knowledge concerning what
had been going on, even if I didn’t know the
exact nature of the thing Miss Vance had,
as a government agent, been fighting.

   Indeed, I felt quite proud of myself as I
considered all sides of the question. And
for that very reason I formed the plan of
visiting Semi’s quarters on the roof. It
wasn’t often I could bring him anything one
could exactly denominate a surprise. But
I fancied that he would hardly be looking
for the advance in understanding I had
gained this afternoon. Consequently, when
I reached the Urania, I took an express
cage and went straight through to the
twentieth floor.

  I climbed the bronze and marble stairs.
I went up the garden path. The chimes
rang out, announcing my approach. The
door of the tower opened, and Henri ap-
peared.

  “ Hello Henri!” I accosted him in buoy-
ant fashion. “ Semi inside?”

  But if I had come with the thought of
giving my strange friend a tiny surprise,
at least, I found the tables very effectively
turned inside the next breath. For Henri
answered:

   “ The master is not here.”

   “ Gone out, has he?” I said. That fact in
itself was unusual enough since Dual rarely
left his own little self-created domain. But,
of course, he did at times. “ When will he
return?”

  Henri shook his head slightly and spread
his hands disclaiming knowledge by both
word and gesture.

  “ I do not know, Mr. Glace. He left
earlier in the afternoon on a mission of his
own devising. He left word for you also,
that should you seek to find him, I was to
say that until you received positive direc-
274

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

tions, you were to think of him as one who
had abandoned the passive r61e for the
active in seeking after truth.

CHAPTER XXVII.

DUAL DISAPPEARS.

FOR a moment I stood there looking
straight at Henri in what I suppose
now was a stupid fashion, and then I
turned and went back down the path, and
across the annunciator plate with its chimes
beating out behind me, and down the stairs.
And I don’t think I said a word. I just
left him standing there at the tower door. I
had come up here to carry a possible sur-
prise and I had been so greatly surprised
myself that just at first I think I w'as a
trifle dazed.

  I caught a cage and went back to my
office and inside my private room and closed
the door. Then I rang for Jim, and when
he came in, I told him what had occurred.

  “ Disappeared, has he?” he remarked
rolling his cigar from one side of his mouth
to the other. “ Well, you should worry,
seein’ as he said he was goin’ to handle the
rest of this himself, an’ that he left word for
you to wait for definite directions. He was
wise to somethin’ yesterday afternoon as
you must have noticed, an’ after your talk
with Vance to-day, you’ll admit he an’ Had-
don’s got somethin’ pretty big on th’ string,
I guess.”

 I nodded. “ Oh, yes. Haddon, of
course.” To tell the truth, I felt a little
jealous of the government agent just about
then.

  And Jim seemed to understand for he
grinned. “ Federal 1 tec ’ on a department
assignment, m’son—an’ th’ new element in
th’ case as I pointed out to you yesterday
just before we shut up shop. Just the same
I bet that clever jasper is doin’ what Semi-
Dual tells him right now. Didn’t th’ girl
as good as say it was Dual handed out th’
dope when they come together? An’ if I
ain’t right—if he ain’t takin’ those steps he
talked about, an’ Haddon don’t know it, an’
ain’t teamin’ with him—why has he dis-
appeared?”

I nodded again. “ All right Jim,” I said,

“ your logic is sufficient. I guess I’m a little
bit peeved.”

  Bryce chuckled. “ So’s Johnson. I saw
him about noon. Haddon went down there
to see Gladys, an’ said we’d said he might,
if Johnson had no objections, an’ you know
Johnson met him — once, an’ knew him
again. So now he’s clean up in the air, an’
he wanted me to tell him what was in the
wind, an’, of course, I couldn’t, an’ he
thought I was holdin’ out on him, th’ boob.
Said he was goin’ up to see Dual himself
this afternoon, an’—” He broke off ab-
ruptly as a rap fell on the door.

  “ Come,” I called.

  The door swung wide and Jim went on
in what might have been the finish of his
interrupted sentence, save that he made it
an exclamation. “ Holy smoke—talk of the
devil!”

  Inspector Johnson stepped into the room
and closed the door behind him. He faced
about, ignoring Jim’s sally; “ where’s this
man Dual gone, and what’s he up to?”

  “ Sit down Johnson,” I said with a feel-
ing of amusement as I pictured his trip to
the roof and his rush back to our office. I
waved him to a chair.

  But he shook his head. “ Don’t stall,”
he retorted scowling. “ I went up there and
that man of his said he had * departed on a
mission of his own devising.’ Now what’s
up? There’s something funny about this
whole damned business, with this man Had-
don showing up an’ spendin’ a hour with
the Vance girl, an’ Dual’s blowing out all
of a sudden. What is it? Come acrQss.”

  “ We don’t know what it is,” Jim told
him as he reached a blustering end. “ Now
sit down if you want to, or stand up if you
don’t. It ain’t more than fifteen minutes
since we learned Dual was gone ourselves.”
“ But he left you some word, I reckon?”
Johnson seemed impressed by his old run-
ning mate’s positive assertion.

  “ He did,” said Jim. “ He told us to
wait till we heard from him again. That’s
what Henri told Glace. You don’t want
to let little things excite you Johnson; it’s
bad for the health.”

  The inspector grunted, but took the chair
at last. “ What’s Haddon got to do with
the business?” he inquired.
THE IVORY PIPE.

275

  “ Maybe you’ll find out when him and
Dual get the thing cooked ready for serv-
ing,” Jim responded. “ Up to now he hasn’t
exactly what you might call takeir us into
his confidence.”

  “ The fact is,” I added, “ that the thing
appears to have a far wider bearing than
appeared on its face at first. Dual hinted
at something of the sort, though, days ago,
but didn’t explain its nature.”	t

  “ And he’s working it with Haddon now,”
said Johnson, with a visibly quickened in-
terest.

  “ That’s the way it appears to us,” I
agreed.

  Jim nodded. “ Yes,” he declared, “ an’
if he is you can bet he’s gone right to th’
heart of th’ thing he’s meanin’ to uncover.
That’s why he’s found it advisable to dis-
appear.”

  Disappear really seemed the very best
word to describe Semi’s absence, too, dur-
ing the succeeding days. So far as the
coming back of any word or sign to indi-
cate his existence; he might never have
been. Haddon, too, was most noticeable
by his absence. He didn’t show up at the
office, and Johnson didn’t see him, and he
did not call at the jail again.

  Edwards was the only one of the inter-
ested parties who caught even a glimpse of
the fellow, and that was purely due to the
fact that he still kept up a rather hopeless
watch on the movements of Palls and Greg-
son. We hadn’t called him off after Dual’s
denial of any active participation on the
part of the two men, mainly because to do
so would have entailed difficult explana-
tions. Consequently in so far as he could
compass it, Edwards’s espionage of the
broker and his friend went on.

  Two days after our talk with Johnson he
blew in and announced that Gregson had
driven up to Palls’s place and gone inside
with a man corresponding to Haddon in de-
scription of both appearance and dress. He
didn’t seem to attach much importance to
the information, but said he brought it to
us for what it was worth. As a matter of
fact, Edwards was rapidly reaching the
hopeless stage in his feelings over the whole
affair, and viewed from his standpoint, and
the little we had seemingly accomplished,

it could have been nothing short of remark-
able had he done anything else.

  “ Quick work,” said Jim, however, after
he had left. “ Haddon said he wanted to
meet Billy, you remember, and it looks like
he has, an’ not only that, but he seems to
have done it so darned well, that Billy takes
him down in his bus to see his good friend,
Palls. Uncle Samuel knew what he was
doin’ when he gave that guy a job. He’s
the clear quill, Glace.”

  “I know,” I agreed; “but Dual said
those chaps’ connection was wholly inci-
dental. And if they really are working this
together, why in time is Haddon wasting
effort on Gregson?”

  “Why is a fish?” said Jim. “Water
would be cleaner without ’em. Maybe he’s
playing Billy for a sucker. That guy ’d
play anybody for a sucker if he needed to
in his work. I’ll betcha he’s usin’ his so-
ciety racket on Gregson to help him gather
dope.”

  “ Possibly,” I accepted the suggestion.
Indeed, it seemed a pretty good explana-
tion, and I couldn’t think of a better one
myself.

  That was Wednesday afternoon, and
after that another three days dragged
by and brought the end of the week, and
with it that most amazing end to the whole
affair, of which it is so much easier to think
than to either write or speak.

  Saturday afternoon a messenger boy
brought to our office suite a sealed envelope,
addressed to Messrs. Glace and Bryce.
Little dreaming what it might contain, I
yet opened it at once.

  The contents consisted of a half-page of
clear-cut, legible writing:

  Will you kindly get into immediate touch with
Inspector Johnson, and request him to hold a
squad-wagon in readiness with men for a call
between ten-thirty and half after eleven to-night?
He will, I am sure, permit you both to accompany
him on the run when it occurs. S. D. says these
are the directions you have been awaiting.

N. H.

  S. D. says these are the directions you
have been awaiting. N. H.

  For a moment I stood staring at the lines.
“ S. D.” was Semi-Dual, of course, and
“ N. H.” was Norman Haddon, and— I
276

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

folded the sheet and reached for the buzzer
to summon Bryce.

  Fifteen minutes later we faced Johnson
inside the detectives’ room, and the message
was in his hands. He read it.

  “ What the—” He began to read it
again. And then he looked up and met our
eyes, and his lids were narrowed. “ Do
you reckon this straight goods or a plant?”
he inquired.	,

  “ Straight goods,” I replied without hesi-
tation. “ Nobody but his man knew he
had left me a message couched in exactly
that fashion, and Henri wouldn’t spill.”

  !< Then we’ll be ready for the finish of
this business whatever it is, though I
reckon if anybody knew why, they’d say
I was crazy.” Johnson doubled up a fist
and hit his desk. “ I suppose you’re going
to ride when the wagon starts, as this sug-
gests?”

  “ We’ll be on it or on its tail in a taxi,”
I informed him.

  He nodded as though he understood my
feelings. “ All right. Be here about ten.”
We said we would, and went back to the
office and discussed the note, and fidgeted
around. There wasn’t any use trying to
do any consistent work with our minds
brimful of what must be coming off be-
tween half past ten and eleven-thirty that
night. We went out and had dinner, and
tried to kill time at a movie; and were back
Under the green lights in front of the station
on the first stroke of the clock. We went in
and found Johnson waiting, a cigar be-
tween his teeth and his hat on the back of
his head. He welcomed us with a grin.

  “ Well,” he made comment on our ar-
rival. “ At least nobody could accuse you
birds of not bein’ right on time.”

  Jim countered with a remark about John-
son’s being all dressed up and no place to
go as yet himself—and after that nobody
said much of anything. That atmosphere
of just waiting for we don’t know what
made the nerves of us all somewhat tense.
Bryce ignited a fresh cigar. I lighted a
cigarette. Nine thirty came after a time,
and ten o’clock at last. After that at
least another half-hour dragged itself away
before I looked at the clock and found it
ten thirty-five.

  Ten-forty.

  The minutes passed on leaden feet.
Bryce was scowling as he smoked. If one
only knew for what he was waiting! It was
the uncertainty of it all that made the ten-
sion so intense. I found a fresh cigarette,
noting as I did so that Johnson’s cigar had
gone out, and that instead of relighting it,
he was chewing on the stub as he sat staring
at the telephone on his desk. Scoff as he
might at Dual’s methods, as opposed to
those of the police, there could be no doubt
but he, like Jim and I, in the present in-
stance was on edge.

  Ten forty-five—

  Abruptly the telephone buzzed.

  Johnson caught it to him in a flash.

  “ Inspector Johnson talkin’,” he rumbled
in a voice gone a little thick with the strain
of the waiting.

  And after that he held the receiver
crushed to his ear while a muffled voice
snapped and crackled and died within it;
then: “ Gotcha,” he cried, and jammed
down the phone and sprang to his feet,
jerking his hat from the back to the top of
his head. “ Come on. That was Haddon
talkin’. We’re wanted at the Wyndam
house.”

  The Wyndham house. The words re-
peated themselves as Jim and I sprang up
and followed him toward the door. The
Wyndham house—the home of the woman
who had sent the pall of red roses to the
Mallory funeral the week before. We were
wanted there now. Haddon had said so—
and not for an instant did I doubt that in so
saying he had been no more than the
mouthpiece of Semi-Dual. Then—then—
Semi-Dual must be there at the present
moment—in the Wyndham house, and-—
master of the situation. The conviction
seized me as I took my seat in the wagon
with the men and Johnson and Bryce.

  “ But it’s darned queer, all the same,”
the inspector growled, as the motor roared
and we were off. “ I’ve been throwing a lot
of feeler’s out in that jane’s direction ever
since I first heard about her, and I haven’t
dragged in a thing. Th’ worst I’ve got
was that some of th’ swell push sort of
sniffed at th’ mention of her name, an’ ad-
mitted they didn’t care for her acquaint-
THE IVORY PIPE.

277

ance; an’ against that she seems to be
pretty wetl in with a lot of society folks.”

  “ Yes,” I said; “ I noticed that myself—
with society members of a certain class.”

  “ Certain class,” Johnson repeated, and
suddenly broke off, to resume with a deeper,
more impressive manner: “By th’ Lord,
I’ve got it. I reckon we’re going to th’
place you was askin’ about th’ day of th’
murder, Bryce.”

  “ What place?” said Jim. Plainly he
hadn’t caught the notion.

  “ The’ place Palls could take a girl like
Peaches for a week-end party,” Johnson
growled. “ Yep — that’s th’ answer.
They’ve been runnin’ a private hop joint
for that sort of no-account men and these
here society molls. Th’ place is secluded
enough, an’ well out, an’ they’ve just been
doin’ what they pleased. Yep, that’s it, by
the Lord! ”

  “ Johnson!” I exclaimed, “ You’re right.”
For all at once I saw it; marveled that I
had not seen it long ere this; was sure of it,
utterly convinced. The Lee woman had
been running very much such a place as
Jim had suggested days ago in discussing
her morals, after our call upon her, plus, as
as an added attraction, an indulgence in
illegal drugs, and Gladys Vance was a
government agent, and had sent for help to
handle something she had not said what,
and—she had known the nature of the thing
going on in the Wyndham house, of course.
In a flash I saw the whole thing, even as I
caught a gasping “ My Gawd ” of compre-
hension from Bryce.

CHAPTER XXVIII.

MENE, MENE, TEKEL, UPHARSIN.

THE wagon turned up the drive under
the arching branches of the leafless
trees, and came to a throbbing stand
before the house.

  At once, as he clambered out, the door
swung open and a man in evening dress
appeared.

  It was Haddon. I knew him at a glance,
even despite a most peculiar expression on
his face.

  “ Bring your men inside, inspector,” he

said in oddly flat tones, and drew back and
stood waiting until Johnson had complied.
Then, without another word, but in the
manner of a man either badly shaken or
completely overawed, he turned and led
the way up-stairs.

  We trailed along. Save for the lighted
halls, there was no sign of life about the
place. That was the first thing, outside
Haddon’s manner, I noted as we mounted
first one and then another flight of steps,
and came out at the very top of the house
at last into what had once been the lounge
of a ball-room, as I guessed.

  There Haddon halted us by a lifted hand.
Seen at close view, under the brilliant light
which flooded the antechamber in which we
stood, his skin held an unwonted pallor
and his eyes were surprisingly wide. That
aspect of the man was more noticeable in
view of the fact that I had never before
beheld him shaken in poise.

  He seemed to appreciate his own condi-
tion in a degree, for all at once he spoke,
for the second time since we had arrived:
“ Gentlemen, you will pardon my behavior,
I trust. I have to-night passed through
what is without doubt the most amazing
experience of my life, and I am not exactly
myself. But, to the best of my ability, I
am endeavoring to do what I have been
told.”

  “ Just what’s coming off here, anyway,
Haddon?” Johnson asked, casting his eyes
about the apartment, which was a wonder-
ful riot of color, the predominating shades
of which were red and gold.

  In an almost involuntary fashion the
Federal agent’s eyes turned toward what
seemed a brazen door at the end of the
chamber. “ I am instructed to allow you
and Messrs. Glace and Bryce to see for
yourselves,” he said, moving a step toward
it. “ You will leave your men here and
come with me,Jf you please.”

  “ Hold on,” the inspector stayed him.
“ Where’s all the people that run this
dump? I didn’t see a soul as we was corn-
in’ up.”

  Haddon smiled rather oddly. He reached
the door and laid his hand upon it. “ Come
with me and you shall see,” he replied with
a flare of excitement. “ God, man, don’t
278

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

you understand? Everything was staged
for your arrival. They’re—all of them—in
here.”

  And after that announcement there was
silence for a time. I looked at Bryce. His
face was pale but stolid, his expression that
of one set for anything that might come.
His eyes met mine briefly and turned off,
running around that unbelievably dec-
orated room, with its gold, its red, its life-
sized sculpture of human figures in bronze
and marble, some of them wonderful works
of beauty, some of them out of all pro-
portion, odd, distorted shapes, extended
into impossible lengths, or squat, lewdly
paunched, and grotesquely weird, its tapes-
tries of inconceivable labor, its braziers of
burning incense, the perfume of which hung
high against the ceiling in a slowly shifting,
blue-gray, nebulous cloud.

  As Jim’s eyes left mine there came upon
me something at least of what Haddon
seemed to be feeling; of the oddness of that
scene, though, Heaven knows, I didn’t re-
alize what had led up to our coming at the
moment, and then it merely struck me as a
most remarkable scene with Johnson and
his men, and Bryce and me, in that room,
more like the reproduction of some page out
of the “ Arabian Nights ” than anything
else, and Haddon between us and the
brazen door, just beyond his hand.

  All that in a flash, and then Johnson
seemed to comprehend.

  “ You boys stay here till you’re called,”
he addressed his men, who had huddled
themselves together, and turned back to
Haddon.

  And Haddon opened the brazen door.

  We passed in, and he let it close behind
us.

  How to describe what we saw!

  It was a great room. In the former days
of the Wyndham house, the ball-room must
have been a beautiful place. But now its
windows were deadened, built in, converted
each into a panel upon which had been
painted a picture. So much I saw at a
glance. And of those pictures, the less said
the better. They were wonderful in execu-
tion. Beyond that, in any attempt at
description, I shall not pass, save to say
that the entire room had been redone into

an apartment in keeping with the wild,
exotic, erotic motive they set, depending
wholly for its illumination on artificial
light.

  At the farther end was a dais—a raised
platform supporting a table and two chairs
of what appeared to be gold. And in them
were the woman of the wheaten hair, the
Mrs. Lee whom Bryce and I had met, and
the Chinese butler, the former a wonderful
vision of material beauty in her nearly nude
condition, the latter most gorgeously
clothed. A cap of gold and red sprinkled
with glinting jewels was on his head, a
robe of wonderful workmanship incased his
slender form, golden cases were upon his
fingers. His dark eyes stared straight be-
fore him, and his red lips leered.

  His companion seemed no more than a
sinuous female shape incased in gems, be-
tween the whorls and strands of which her
flesh gleamed white. A jeweled cincture
supporting gem-incrusted breast-caps caught
her body about the chest. A coruscating
girdle cinctured her supple length above
the hips. Jewels of wonderful luster
gleamed in her hair and in the bracelets and
armlets that clasped her creamy skin. And
it seemed as though twin rubies had been
joined to form her lips.

  And the rest of the room—that part
below the dais. Two rows of tables were
there, stretching from it toward the door;
tables such as one saw pictured or read of
in ancient stories, provided with padded
couches for seats in lieu of chairs. They
glittered with a wealth of service, a blend-
ing of silver and glass and gold and porce-
lain such as I had never seen. They
groaned beneath a load of costly viands and
flagons of tinted wines. And the couches
were occupied—they supported couples,
men and women, caught, as we entered, in
the abandonment of that feast of appetite
and license in which they had gathered to
indulge. In the space between the tables
there were others—only these were women,
servitors, some of them, plainly by their
scanty garb and the dishes, the flagons of
wine, the fans of feathers; others dancing
girls, entertainers, as one could see from
their garb, the trappings of their lithe and
slender bodies, shamelessly revealed.
THE IVORY PIPE.

279

  Back of the woman on the dais stood a
huge negro, his extended arms supporting a
georgeous feather fan, and midway of their
length and between the tables was a flaming
spot of red—or red and white—or no, a
flower—a huge, artificial poppy—a mon-
strous thing with wonderful silk petals, and
in its golden center—the glowing figure of
a woman, seated like some beautiful femin-
ine Buddha—tables and couches all over
the place, little tables of wonderful work-
manship; gorgeous couches covered with
marvelous paddings and shimmering silken
shawls and coverlets and scarfs; a wonder-
ful perfume mounting toward the gilded
beams that supported the roof, in trailing
spirals of azure smoke, from braziers fum-
ing slowly throughout that temple of illicit
pleasure, that gorgeously appalling shrine
of material indulgence, that unholiest of un-
holies into which we had passed.

  And yet it was all like some dream of an
artist’s brush, some fantastic and wonder-
fully executed picture; because as I stood
there my breath caught in my throat, the
blood, as it seemed, rushing back in a chok-
ing flood upon my heart, incapable of
speech or movement, robbed of every sense
as it appeared, save that of sight, in that
first moment of realization, there was one,
and only one, figure in all that terribly
beautiful chamber of exalted sin that gave
any sign of life. Save him, and him alone,
not one of those before me, caught, as it
seemed, in the spell of some subtle enchant-
ment, either spoke or moved. It was like
looking on some scene set forth with life-
sized figures done in the colors of life, rather
than on life itself.

  It was as though some spell had descend-
ed upon them, binding each eternally fast in
his or her momentary pose.

  For instance, the jewel-sheathed woman
on the dais sat proudly, disdainfully erect.
The arms of the jet-black creature behind
her were stretched for the sweep of the fan
above her wonderfully coiffured head.

  And what was that before the table at
which she sat? For a moment I had
thought it a dog, and not only it, but several
of its fellows. But now, as I viewed them
more closely, I saw they were men like any
of their fellows, but men shaggy, with some-

thing approaching an actual pelt on the
skin of their bodies, their heads, and even
up to the dark sockets of the eyes in each
aboriginal face; men—servants, past any
doubt, as shown by the single loin-cloth
twisted about each shaggy waist.

  “ Circe and her swine. God, Glace, I’ve
heard of the stunt, but I never saw any
one do it.”

  “ Circe and her swine.” I knew it was
Haddon’s voice beside me, but I didn’t an-
swer. I couldn’t. His comparison was apt
enough, too. This scene was like enough
to the mythological story of the enchantress
and her dupes, save that Circe seemed to
have fallen to the selfsame spell that bound
these others all about her. Still it was not
a bad comparison. It was really like it, if
one considered it just a picture, or it was
like—

  Belshazzar’s feast!

  The words flashed into my brain almost
as though spoken by an audible voice, and
the single figure—I had noted as seemingly
unaffected by the arresting spell that
bound the others—the figure in splendid
robes and trappings, wearing a turban upon
its head, standing midway between the
dais and the huge, red, silken flower, in
which gleamed the creamy form of the girl,
like the very spirit of the poppy, turned.

  It turned and I saw its face, without any
surprise, as the face of the man who must
have wrought this amazing condition, as
the face of the one man of whom 1 knew
who possessed the power to have done it—
as the face of Semi-Dual.

  Gold and purple were the robes that
clothed him from head to foot. Gold and
purple—the highest colors in the human
aura—the colors of purity and truth. And
white was the turban above his brows, in
the center of which gleamed an enormous
ruby, that caught and fastened my eyes—
caught and fastened them, held them,
seemed to draw them to it.

  Slowly, slowly one of the arms rose,
stretched out, extended in its gold and
purple folds. He pointed:

  “ Behold!”

  His voice, deep, resonant, compelling, yet
as monotonous in its accents as the pulse
of the ocean heard at a distance as it beats
280

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

upon its shores, came to my ears in meas-
ured tones.

  And as he spoke, the heads of those at
the tables, of the little spirit of the poppy,
of the dancers sprawled on the floor of the
place between the tables, of the hairy dog-
men—I knew now for the hairy Ainu, the
aborigines of Yedo—of the servants, the
huge negro on the dais with the fan, turned,
lifted and stared in the direction of his
pointing finger—stared, and held staring,
while, as it seemed, the words: * Mene,
Mene, Tekel, Upharsin” I saw them—
and I knew Jim and Johnson saw them. I
heard the former gasp and the other gurgle
deep in his throat, and the heavier rasp of
their breathing.

  The Feast of Belshazzar. Those words
■—those same words had gleamed before the
eyes of the King in the midst of his pomp
and glory.

  And then:

  “Ye are weighed in the balance and
found wanting. Wo to him who is so
weighed and found wanting when the ap-
pointed hour calls him to an accounting.
Wo, and again I say unto you, wo,” came
the voice of Semi-Dual.

CHAPTER XXIX.

“ awake!”

ITS sound was the sound of doom itself.
It seemed to fill all the place, to vibrate
from floor to roof. It dominated the
sense of hearing as Dual’s majestic figure
dominated that of sight. Beside me I heard
a gasp and Haddon speaking:

  “ My God, what a power for one man to
possess! When he told me he would do it,
I doubted, in spite of all I knew about him.
But he did it. I saw him do it. He came
here days ago, and he’s been living in the
house. I got in through Gregson, and I
knew something was due to happen when
he told me to send you tiiat note this after-
noon, but I couldn’t conceive of anything
quite like this. He—they—they had him
slated as an Eastern magician—the princi-
pal entertainer before they started their
hemp and opium orgy—and they called him
to do his stunt, and after that—some way

or other—inside the wink of your eye, he’d
made them into puppets, tilings absolutely
under the control of that terrible will of his.
And then he told me to go down and call
you and wait till you arrived.”

  All that I heard dimly, even managed to
answer by a nod. And at the same time I
found myself in a most peculiar situation.
For all the time I heard Haddon speaking,
and understood what he said, I was seeing
those flaming letters on the wall, at which
all the others stared with widened eyes and
faces gone, underneath their rouge, as
white as death. Indeed, I was very much
like a man in the earlier stages of ether
anesthesia, where he is still conscious that
the anesthetic is being given, still capable
of a certain amount of volition, yet begins
to experience also the hallucinations in-
duced by the state into which he is sinking
by degrees.

  ,Even so, I knew that I was in a mildly
hypnotic state; that those I saw before me
were completely beneath Dual’s control;
that he had employed mass hypnotism, the
old Eastern trick made use of by the fakirs
of the Orient to cause their audience to see
a non-existent boy climb up an unsupported
rope which does not exist.

  I had seen him do the same thing once
before. Consequently I knew now that
those letters of fire were not actually pres-
ent before my eyes, although they ap-
peared very real, and at the same time I
comprehended Haddon’s words—how Semi
had gained entrance to this house; how he
must have come here and passed himself
off, through his knowledge of the Chinese
tongue and the ways of the Orient, as the
Persian noble, which, on his father’s side,
he really was.

  I had known him to appear in the role
of Prince Abdul of Teheran, to gain the
ends of justice, ere this; and even in my
state of semihypnosia, I knew he was doing
it now; had sensed it, in fact, the moment
I saw him in his gold and purple robes,
with the turban on his head, and the im-
mense ruby gleaming out from its snowy
folds.

  It takes time to explain all this, but in
reality it passed through my brain in a
swift, comprehensive flash, and was pushed
THE IVORY PIPE.

281

aside as the man Henri called the Master,
resumed his speaking:

  “ Wo unto you who are found wanting;
to you who have made it your labor to soil
the spirits of your fellows, through your
knowledge of the weakness of the flesh;
who, for your own selfish reasons, have
made men into libertines and women into
harlots; who have scoffed in the face of the
Most High Who created them in His image,
and breathed into them the breath of His
Spirit which is the Life. Wo unto you and
thrice wo, for the wage of your doing is
death.

  “ Wo and again wo unto you who have
harlcened to false teachings; who have
wasted the days of the spirit’s pilgrimage
in a pandering to the weakness, the appe-
tites, the animal lusts of the flesh; who has
crept night after night to the shrine of the
self-styled priestess of Nirvana, duped,
tricked, through your own frailty, into
seeking unclean sensation, the end of which
was the euthanasia, the forgetfulness of
sensation by exhausted flesh.

  “ Wo to you men, who, rather than
fathers of children who should bless you,
have become the fruitless partners of wo-
men who have sold their holy birthright for
a material mess of pottage. Wo unto you
women who have gone, laughing, into a
spiritual degradation, against which, save
for the blighting curse of this temple of
drunken indulgence, you would have fought
with your latest breath. For ye have been
drunk, I say unto you; drunk on wine;
drunk on sensation, of the eye, the lip, the
body; drunk on the license exalted before
you into something beyond the reach of
others; drunk on drugs.

  “ And to preserve you still within her
power; to assure your continuance as the
means of her parasitical living; to guaran-
tee that you should still continue in your
false sense of enjoyment that she and her
consort might feed upon you, while seeming
merely to feed with you, this impure priest-
ess of yours has stopped not in striking an
even swifter blow at life. Wherefore I say
again to you, behold!"

  The letters faded from the wall and left
it black, as black as only absolute empti-
ness mai’ seem. And then that blackness

quivered and other things appeared, like
pictures on a screen.

  There was a passage with doors on either
side. I recognized it as the corridor of the
Tosca. It was empty, utterly void and
empty, save for a ceiling light. But
abruptly there came into it figures—two
men and three women. They came out of
the door of an elevator cage. I found that
I knew them. They were Gregson and
Palls, dressed as a troubadour and the devil.
There was Red Riding Hood and a Watteau
shepherdess, and there was Noriene Mallory
herself. They passed down the corridor
and entered a door.

  Again the screen was blank for an in-
stant before a different part of the corridor
appeared. It was an end terminating in a
window, and outside that window, as I
watched, a hairy face—the face of one of
the dog-men—appeared. It stared up and
down the passage and drew back quickly.

  Abruptly the corridor seemed to turn
around. I was looking the other way. A
door opened and Noriene Mallory came out.
She walked along the passage and entered
another door, after what seemed a cursory
knock. The corridor again reversed itself.
The dog-man was again looking in through
the window. For a time he clung so, and
then clambered through the partly lifted
sash. He was most surprisingly clothed in
a wonderfully embroidered robe. In a flash
of understanding I comprehended that he
was so garbed because of the occasion when
the murder occurred; just as I had known
for moments that I was looking on a men-
tally projected moving picture of Noriene
Mallory’s death; just as I knew others
there must know what it was they were
seeing, since they had known the girl.

  The murder had been done on the morn-
ing after the Victory Ball, and the mur-
derer had been garbed to resemble one of
the attendants of that extravagant function.
Taken so, his shaggy, hairy face would have
passed to the most casual observer for a
most remarkable mask.

  He made his way through the window,
and came to the same door Noriene Mallory
had entered. He fumbled under his robe
and drew a heavy knife, and, holding it
firmly in his hand, he rapped.
282

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Except for the hypnosis that held me, I
think I should have cried aloud in that
instant; for, as he gripped his weapon, I
caught one never-to-be-forgotten glimpse
of a sinewy, hairy hand—of the same hand,
I could have sworn, I had seemed to see in
Noriene Mallory’s room as I held the weap-
on used to compass her death in my grasp.

  But I was incapable now of speech,
locked, chained like the others by the will
of Semi-Dual. I stood and watched while
the door opened and showed Peaches Mal-
lory’s figure; watched while the weapon the
hairy man held flashed out and under her
arm and into her side; while the girl reeled
backward, and the knife was thrown after
her falling body, and the door was closed;
while the murderer turned and walked
rapidly to the turn of the corridor and along
the angling passage to the stairs about the
grille of the elevator shaft, and went leisure-
ly down them, pausing near the foot of the
last flight as the cage shot up with a load,
then sauntering across the foyer and out.

  And yet not to disappear save for an in-
stant, to then reappear stripped of any ves-
tige of clothing, standing with bowed head
before the man and woman on the dais,
while they addressed him as one sensed
from the expressions of their faces, the
movement of their lips, and indeed from
his position and bearing, in words of pas-
sionate rage. And suddenly the woman
turned to the man beside her and spoke to
him, and shrugged her shoulders and
laughed. And the man nodded, sprang to
his feet, and struck a slender dagger into
the dog-man’s breast; after which his fel-
lows were called in and given the body, and
they carried it out, their faces contorted
by what appeared emotions of an angry
nature. The body was taken outside as
the picture followed its progress, and was
buried under a clump of trees behind the
house.

  Once more the whole scene changed. It
showed the shop of a florist. A limousine
stopped before it, and a woman got out.
She was the same woman as the Priestess of
Nirvana, but now she was modishly dressed,
and wearing an expensive sable coat that
hung nearly to her knees.

  She entered the shop and engaged the

florist\in conversation. She moved about
the place. After a time she paused where
a bundle of parcels seemingly wrapped for
delivery were piled upon the counter, and
as she still talked to the florist, she began
idly moving these about. Suddenly she
seemed seized by a determination. She
spoke with an altered manner, lost her in-
definite pose. The florist hesitated briefly,
excused himself, and hurried toward the
rear of the shop. Swiftly, then, the Avoman
drew from beneath her cloak a package,
which she substituted deftly for one of those
on the desk, concealing the one she had re-
moved.

  She was still piling them about in idle
fashion when the florist returned and once
more addressed her. Seemingly his re-
marks were satisfactory, for they appeared
to reach an agreement, and the woman at
once returned to her car and was driven off.

  Again came Dual’s voice:

  “ Those flowers were sprinkled with a
deadly powder; they were meant to encom-
pass the death of a woman who had been in-
side this place of unholy pleasure, whose
knowledge was a threat against it and all
who entered its unrighteous doors—the
same woman the man was sent to kill the
night of the Victory Ball—at the door of
whose room, expecting her to answer the
summons of his rap, he slew Noriene Mal-
lory, one of your companions, by mistake.
And to insure their being sent to her cell at
the prison, where she lay falsely charged
with murder, those who sent them once
more prostituted the holiest of life’s emo-
tions, made a sport of love itself, and in-
cluded in their fatal package one of her
lover’s cards. These things they did to
protect their own nefarious traffic in order
that they might continue to prey upon you,
and from you enrich themselves. But now
I say unto you that the wages of sin is
death. And again I say unto you, ‘ Be-
hold.’ ”

  lie turned. Once more his arm rose and
pointed, but to the dais now where the
gorgeously unclothed woman and her Ori-
ental consort sat.

  “ Behold,” he cried again, “ the beauty
and the ending of the flesh!”

  And as he spoke, the skin of the woman
THE IVORY PIPE.

283

shriveled, the robes of the man grew tat-
tered, and, even more unbelievable still, the
flesh of each fell away in putrescent, fester-
ing masses, and left each sitting there at
their splendid table, a skeleton of bleeching
bones.

  “ Evil,” said Semi-Dual, “ is like a worm
which lurks in the heart of a flower to des-
troy its beauty. Evil destroys what it
touches. Like the worm in the flower, the
evil in men’s souls destroys and brings the
death of the spirit unless itself destroyed.
Behold I say unto you yet once more, the
worm of evil feeding on the fairest things
of earth.”

  And now he pointed to the huge artificial
flower, where suddenly a monstrous shape,
a terrific, sinuous body, reared itself above
the petals and laid hold of the girl still
crouched within them—the little spirit of
poppy—to begin a voracious feeding on her
flesh.

  The thing was dreadful beyond all
dreaming, such a horror as may come upon
the opium user, I have understood, in
dreams, when the drug turns upon its vic-
tim and rends him with terror rather than
fair hallucinations; produces pains, pangs,
dreadful horror, rather than a sense of well-
being and pleasurably thrilling nerves.

  And then as quickly as it came, it van-
ished, and again Dual was speaking.

  “ It is finished. And ye shall awaken
\vhen I speak the word, to speech and con-
scious understanding, yet bringing back
with you, to be remembered throughout the
span of your remaining lives, the truth
which I have shown you in these things—
that it is in the flesh that death makes his
eternal lair, and that only in the spirit may
life spread its exalting wings. For such is
the plan of the Divine Wisdom of Him
Who created you men and women, on
Whom we call crying ‘ Om, Om,’ and for
the third time, ‘ Om.’ ”

  “ Mr. Johnson.”

  Beside me, Johnson answered hoarsely,
“ Yes?”

  “ Mr. Haddon.”

  “ Here.” Haddon’s response sounded in
a sobbing breath. The spell that held me
was gone, and I turned toward him. His
face was chalklike in its pallor.

  “ Mr. Bryce.”

  “ Here.” It seemed a sort of roll-call.

  “ Gordon, my friend.”

  “ Here, Dual I ” I cried back with a swell-
ing heart because of his’choice of terms.

  “ Inspector, you and the others remain
till this is finished. You have posted your
men?”

  “ Yes.”

  “ It is well,” said Semi-Dual. “ Leave
them in the antechamber to this hall of
lecherous evil. We approach the end.”

  And then his voice altered, sank back to

                                                       > (>

its monotonous tempo. “ And now once
more I say unto you—awake! ”

  A sigh, a hoarse respiration ran through
the chamber of mentally chained bodies,
and ended in a woman’s scream. A crea-
ture little more than a girl lifted herself
from a silken couch and started running
blindly, staggered a dozen steps, and
dropped in a quivering huddle, overcome
with the experience forced upon her, too
far overwrought to effect her attempted
escape. A man started up, lifting a clenched
fist. Somewhere a woman sobbed.

  That waking from the enforced enchant-
ment of Dual’s induced hypnosis was like
the sudden breathing of overtight nerves.
Once more a phrase heard but never fully
understood came to my conscious percep-
tion. In that phantasmagoria of horror he
had showed them, they had been given a
glimpse of hell itself, and now there fol-
lowed a wailing and gnashing of teeth im-
possible to describe, as each smirched soul
among them sought to express itself.

  Until suddenly the nearly naked woman
on the dais lifted herself with a wonderful
flashing of jewels, and cried something in a
language totally unknown to me, but which
brought the dog-men to their feet with a
flashing of concealed knives from hidden
sheaths.

  And having gained their attention, she
lifted a slender arm that shimmered with
jewels upon it, and pointed at Dual.

  In a flash I understood, and my hand
sought the weapon in my pocket. She was
setting her pack upon him, bidding them
do him to death. I gripped the butt of the
automatic and half dragged it out, sensing
that Johnson and Bryce and Haddon were
284

ALL-STORY WEEKLY,

arming themselves in similar fashion, pre-
paring to throw themselves against the
hairy group of savage slaves.

  But there was no need for our interven-
tion, because swiftly with the snarl of
beasts, the Ainus flung themselves, not on
the man standing before them with folded
arms, but upon their mistress—the one who
cried them to the attack—and the gorgeous
figure at her side.

  I know I cried out hoarsely. I heard
men shout and women scream. Bryce
choked beside me, and Johnson started for-
ward a pace and paused.

  For the scene was hopeless in its horror
of writhing, shaggy bodies. Men and wo-
men had disappeared, completely over-
borne, lost, so far as we could discern, as a
fox may be caught and brought to earth
by a pack of throttling dogs.

  And the dreadful thing was over almost
before we had sensed it. The Ainus drew
back, their vengeance glutted; and who
could say which among them had let out the
guilty lives of the ones they left behind
them, inasmuch as they had done it with
their sinewy, hairy hands.

  As for the others in that splendid temple
of sin, terror came swiftly down upon them
—the terror of impending doom. They
sprang screaming, cursing, pleading to their
feet, or sank down in impotent attitudes of
waiting. They clung together, gripping one
another with straining hands.

  “ Peace,” said Dual as the aborigines
drew off. “ It is finished. So does the
evil men serve turn upon and rend them
in the fulness of time. It was their brother
who was slain. I have seen his grave, even
as I showed it to you. It is the justice of
the flesh against injury to the flesh you
have seen exacted—the primal justice, the
fate of those who draw the sword against
their fellow men. For it is written that
those who draw the sword, by the sword
shall they perish. This thing was ordained
for them from the beginning, when the
measure of their own misdeeds should be
full to overflowing. Hence I saw no reason
to raise my hand against the operation of
the law of retributive justice, which, in its
own time, shall measure unto each what he
deserves.”

  “ And that’s all they got!”

  Without warning, the spirit of poppy—
the girl in the heart of the scarlet flower—
sprang up and stood swaying, a slender
shape, upon her feet. Oddly, too, as she
spoke and moved, she gathered the petals
about her, veiled herself in their silken
folds, and held them crushed against her.
“ She plotted the whole works with that
husband of hers, Fong Lee, just like you
showed it to us; though how you knew it
yourself, God knows.”

  Dual turned toward her, tore free a single
gigantic petal, wrapped it about her, and
swung her to the floor. “ How do you
know it to be the truth?” he questioned.

  “ I heard her,” the woman panted. “ I
heard them talkin’ about it; they were try-
in’ to get that other girl, Mallory brought
to this house. She was a girl Peaches was
tryin’ to get against the stuff, on account of
another man. But—she wouldn’t use it,
and they got suspicious of her after she was
gone.”

  “ And that’s the God’s truth!” Into the
tempest of the human maelstrom rushed the
figure and voice of Palls. “ She planned it;
she tried to carry it out—and it was her—
her, really, damn her—that killed the girl
I loved. I didn’t know a thing about it,
and neither did Gregson until after the
second attempt on the other girl’s life.
Then Gregson pinned her down, 'and she
told him how she switched the flowers.

  “ Why—why, it was her that called at
our office the morning after the murder
and picked up Edwards’s card, and took it
with her without knowing, and told us we’d
have to be careful of him; that one of her
men had seen him leave the Tosca with the
police and the girl and a couple of others,
and asked us to report to her anything he
did.”

  “ Ah, yes,” Dual said slowly as the
broker came to a gasping pause. “ And
you told her about meeting him in the
florist’s shop?”

  “Yes, I did,” Palls nodded. “But I
didn’t know what she meant doing until
after it all was over, so help me, God.”

  “ But you made a business of coming
here for these week-end orgies?” Semi
pressed him.
THE IVORY PIPE.

285

  “ Yes, I did that,” the man admitted.
“ But I didn’t know of any plan for murder.
I wouldn’t have countenanced that, and
neither would Gregson. The game wasn’t
worth it. We—”

  Dual’s voice interrupted him coldly:
“ You mean the traffic in drugs?”

  There were beads of moisture on Palls’s
forehead, but he nodded. “ Yes, that was
all we had to do with it, really. Gregson
got the stuff for them, and—”

  “ Run right along out. They’re waitin’
for you, Bill.” Inspector Johnson was
speaking. He was looking toward the form
of a man slipping stealthily along the wall
toward the anteroom door; the form of
Billy Gregson, whose father had built a
tremendous fortune by the wholesale import
of drugs.

  “ You have lost the woman you loved,
the woman you might have saved, had
your manhood been of a different type,”
said Semi-Dual. “ There remains to you,
George Palls, years in which to contem-
plate those truths in the seclusion of the
cell in which for a time you shall live.

  “ Mr. Johnson, take into custody Mr.
Gregson and his partner, whose confession
we have just heard, and this young woman,
who is a material witness to the justice we
have seen done this night as it appears.”

  Justice! Ah, yes, justice had been done.
And having been done, it was being not
only confirmed, but explained. Suddenly
as I stood there everything was plain—the
task Gladys Vance had undertaken; the
treachery of Peaches Mallory in reeking to
seduce the woman who would have be-
friended her if she could to a degrading
habit in order to discredit her with a man
she had failed to gain for herself; the rea-
son why the little Federal agent had sent
for help, after she had been in this house
of shame and found she might not handle
the undertaking alone; the mission of Had-
don to run down and lay by the heels
those who were known to be infringing the
law against the illegal use of drugs; the
motive which had led to the attempt on the
life of Gladys Vance and ended in the death
of one of their own number through the
mistake.of the Ainu and his killing as a
punishment for his error, to seal his mouth,

to discipline and inspire fear in his fellows,
poor slaves in a strange land where very few
save their masters understood their tongue.

  Oh, yes; it was all plain enough now; as
plain as the reason why Dual had found it
necessary to complete the matter by his
own efforts, to enter this house, and in per-
son seek the truth that justice might be
done; as plain as the reason why Haddon
had cultivated Billy Gregson and his friend,
who, as it appeared to me, had in his at-
tempt to support the words of the girl, now
wrapped in the scarlet petal, once more
slipped and convicted Billy Gregson and
himself out of his own mouth.

  All these things passed through my mind
as Johnson advanced and gathered in his
men and the woman, who went with him,
head bowed as in a new-found shame, trail-
ing her single garment about her naked
feet, a modern Magdalene.

  “ But for God’s sake, what about the rest
of us?” a man’s voice rose hoarsely above
the sobs of the women, their half-hysterical
outcries, the heavier mouthings of his fel-
lows, as the brazen door shut the men and
the little scarlet shape from sight.

  “ For you,” Dual’s voice came calmly
still in answer, “ let us trust, in God’s
mercy, some day, peace, as ye will it or re-
fuse it, according to your future acts. As
ye sow, so shall ye reap; atone, if ye desire
it, for the past. Inspector Johnson will take
his place beside the door, and as you leave
you will give him your true names. What
disposal he shall make of them lies wholly
in his and the Federal government’s hands.
But if ye will harken to my words yet a
little further, eschew in the future the
slavery of the spirit to the body; the
slavery of the body to such things as this
and all for which it stands.” He drew from
his garments the ivory pipe and held it
aloft. “ Foreswear evil habits, evil associa-
tion; let the breath Om breathed into your
bodies exalt them. Beyond this with ye I
have no further concern. In so far as I
have any part in the matter—this is the
end.”

  He paused and sank into a chair, while
Johnson and Haddon took their stand at
the door through which those who left must
pass.
286

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  And one by one the revelers approached
them—men with haggard faces; women
seeking with tense and quivering hands to
clutch about them their gorgeous raiment,
grown now into mantles of shame; dancing
girls, the little nymphs of latter-day life,
gone silent, their vapid chatterings hushed,
whispering the fancy names of their calling
to Johnson and Haddon, wide eyed.

  So they passed—the last of the inmates
of that Temple of Euthanasia, as I was yet
to learn the place had been called—and
passing left behind them the group of hairy
Ainus and the giant black on the dais,
kneeing beside the body of the false priest-
ess, his mistress, whom they had slain.

  “ Semi,” I said as the last of the guests
disappeared through the brazen door. To-
ward the last I had drawn closer to him.

  And as I spoke Johnson approached
with Haddon, and the former added his
voice to mine, jerking a hand at the Ainus
and the negro.

  “ What shall we do with them?”

  Dual raised his head. He had been sit-
ting with it supported on a hand. “ The

(The

black is a half-wit; let him be cared for.
As for the others, I think Mr. Haddon .will
see them deported,” he said. “ Enough.
I am weary, my friends. For days I have
compelled my spirit to tolerate what sick-
ened it, filled it with loathing, to accom-
plish a certain end. And now that it is
accomplished, I return to my abode.”

   “ But, Dual,” I stayed him as he rose
slowly and Johnson turned away to bring
in some of his men and take the negro and
the Ainus in charge; “ how about Miss
Vance? We can hardly call this ended
until her position is disposed.”

   He looked me full in the eye and, despite
the terrific strain he had been under and
the weariness it had induced, he smiled.

  “For her is a new beginning. I was
not forgetting,” he replied. “ Hence, when
a new dawn brings with it the hopes of a
new day, you wiD instruct Edwards to call
for her at the prison and lead her forth
from its gates, shriven of all suspicion, her
former task accomplished, to take up with
him her greater mission as a toiler in the
workshop of the world.”
end.)

JM BATER was a tryer. His worst
enemy would never have denied that.
But in money matters he was hopeless.
A dollar, to him, was essentially a thing to
spend. Ten dollars only meant that he
could spend a little faster. When a hun-

dred came his way he merely lived at light-
ning pace for twenty-four hours. If by
any chance the amount had been greater he
would probably have scorched the track, so
to speak, as he shot along.

  And yet he was not vicious. The fact

’/h.P Holt
TAMING OF JIM BATER. *

287

was that he knew no more about the value
of money than he did about the fourth
dimension. While cash lasted he lived in
an impossible fairy-land, and then came to
earth with what the cub reporter describes
so poetically as a dull, sickening thud.

  Jim had done everything from working
an elevator in a Manhattan hotel and mak-
ing a book on the race-course to gun-run-
ning in the Solomons, from pearling at New
Guinea to presiding over a Frisco faro lay-
out, from peeling potatoes on a square-rigger
to practising as a dentist—home correspon-
dence school, full course forty-five dollars—
in Wyoming. He was inherently honest,
and that ought to have got him somewhere,
but he never succeeded in putting a single
toe of either foot as far up as the second
rung on the ladder of success. Now gray
hairs were beginning to show over his tem-
ples at the age of thirty-four, and he was
slowly coming to the conclusion that fine
linen and purple raiment were never meant
for him.

  He was six feet tall in his socks, strong
as an elephant, and desperately in love with
Barbara West. She had no illusions about
Jim. He was one of the best fellows in the
world, but the tide that is supposed to give
every man a lift toward fortune once in his
life had not yet come Jim Bater’s way.

  There was perfect understanding between
Barbara and Jim on the subject; they just
had to wait till he struck oil. Maybe some
day he would, and then they would get
married, if the oil didn’t trickle through his
fingers before he had time to buy the license.
Meanwhile time was trickling on steadily.
Jim wrote to the girl dutifully from divers
places, and Barbara as dutifully replied.
As a matter of fact she had more faith in
him than he had, but that is the way of
women sometimes.

  Jim’s latest escapade had been nearly to
lose his life in a wreck off New Guinea, and
incidentally he went to an infinity of pains
on that occasion to drag through the surf a
passenger who had gone down twice and
never expected to cast eyes upon this wicked
world again. The passenger, when sepa-
rated from the water he had swallowed,
produced a thin wallet, peeled off a sodden
.en-dollar bill with that extreme care which

is suggestive of near-poverty, and offered
it to his rescuer. Jim, rather than hurt the
man’s feelings, was going to accept it, when
it occurred to him that parting with that
ten dollars might hurt the passenger’s feel-
ings more than the other thing.

  “You buy yourself a good feed with
that when you get the chance, mate,” he
said; whereupon the passenger, with celerity
which seemed positively indelicate, replaced
the bill in his wallet. You see, people of
Jim Bater’s kidney haven’t been sufficiently
hardened to accumulate wealth. You may
think Barbara was foolish to wait for such
a mortal, but the man who has wrung the
price of limousines and a Fifth Avenue
mansion out of the rest of us, isn’t always
the easiest sort of person to live with.

  In spite of her adoration for Jim, Barbara
was an extremely practical-minded person,
and when he casually mentioned, in a letter,
that he had been wrecked and almost
drowned, that young lady awoke with a
jerk to a realization of one or two facts.
And chief of those facts was the knowledge
that her Jim, alive, was infinitely more
precious to her than twenty dead Jims
would be.

  Whereupon Barbara pointed out to him
in an epistle which was delivered months
later in Sydney, that it was about time he
ceased wandering over the face of the earth
in quest of elusive fortune, settled down,
instead, to a commonplace job in his home
town, and married her right away without
any more palaver.

  “ We don’t want to wait till we’re both
tottering with old age before We wed,” she
wrote, “ so just you come right back to
Manster. We’ll get married at once, and
your uncle says he’ll keep you busy.”

  This notion had a tremendous appeal for
Jim. The rolling stone begins to find that
rolling palls when it doesn’t gather any
moss. And Jim surely was gathering noth-
ing but his gray hairs. He never, however,
got away from the conviction—a conviction
which was sheer hallucination—that he only
lacked opportunity to make himself wealthy.
It is an hallucination which he shared with
a good many folk, only he had it rather
badly.

  However, Jim peeled potatoes—in lieu
288

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

of paying passage money, because he was
financially embarrassed—all the way from
Sydney to New York, spent three-quarters
of his wages, with angelic simplicity, on
absurd presents for Barbara, and arrived in
Manster with a smile, fifty cents, and a
light heart. And Manster killed the fatted
calf for Jim Bater, not because the good
folk of his home town regarded him as a
prodigal exactly, but because everybody
liked him and everybody was glad to hear
that he meant to stay this time. Not that
any one — except Barbara West — really
believed he would stay/for any great length
of time.

  Meanwhile Barbara let no grass grcfw
under his feet. The date for the wedding was
fixed, and Jim went to work in his uncle’s
repair garage, cleaning cars, pumping gaso-
line and covering himself with grease. His
uncle, Mr. Christopher White, explained to
Jim that if he stuck to his job and learned
the business thoroughly he would soon be
earning enough to keep his matrimonial ship
afloat comfortably and might eventually be
taken into partnership.

  Whereupon Jim, true to his own fantastic
notions, immediately made suggestions for
enlarging the establishment on a colossal
scale, as though income and capital expen-
diture had no relative value whatever.
Christopher White, who knew Jim, merely
smiled, kept his new assistant busy, and
pursued the even tenor of his own way.
And the days crept on until it was the eve
of Jim’s wedding. The knot v*as to be tied
on the Wednesday afternoon. On the
Tuesday evening Christopher White ap-
peared at the house where his nephew was
rooming.

  “ Anything wrong, uncle?” asked the
prospective bridegroom as soon as his eyes
alighted on Mr. White.

  “ Why, no. Of course not, not a thing!”
protested Mr. White emphatically. And his
very emphasis was significant. For Chris-
topher White was ordinarily about as ex-
citable as a dyspeptic clam.

  Jim eyed his uncle queerly. Mr. White
had two little hectic spots on his usually
colorless cheeks. There was a distinctly
peculiar glint in his eye, and a decided rest-
lessness in his manner. “ I just thought I’d

come round and talk. Last night you’ll be
a bachelor, y’ know, and all that.”

  Now Christopher White was the warmest
supporter of total abstinence that the United
States of America ever had, so Jim naturally
thought his uncle must be feverish. He
was going to suggest a visit to a doctor,
when Mr. White, after coughing twice, gave
an inkling of what was troubling him.

  “It’s an expensive proposition, this matri-
mony, Jim,” he said.

  Jim smiled. He always did when the
question of ways and means cropped up. It
is possible to do that, you know, when you
are a bachelor, healthy as an ox, and pos-
sess two arms and legs.

  “ I guess we’ll get by,” he observed arily.

  There was a pause. Christopher White
folded down a rebellious leaf on his cigar,
struck a match and forgot to use it.

  “ Say, Jim,” he began afresh, “ I’ve
known you ever since you were the height
of a silk hat, haven’t I?” What he did not
say was that he had as much affection for
Jim as if he had been his own son.

  “ Why, yes, I suppose you have.” Jim
was vaguely suspicious that some sort of a
lecture lay on the offing.

  “ And I’ve known Barbara West all her
life, too, haven’t I?”

  Jim nodded.

  “ I want to tell you right now,” his uncle
went on, “ that Barbara has a better busi-
ness head than most of the successful men
in Manster, whereas there never was a man
or woman drew breath in this town who
knew less about handling money than you
do.”

  Jim stiffened perceptibly. “ Well?” he
said dryly.

  “ Now, don’t get mad,”, remarked his
uncle. “ If I weren’t interested in you I
shouldn’t go out of my way to talk like
this. And—and—well, I’m in a funny posi-
tion, because there are some things I can
say and some I can’t.

  “ What I came here to-night for was to
make you promise that if ever you are well
off you’ll turn your money right over to
Barbara. Because if you don’t, you’ll lose
it, as sure as the Lord put stars in the
heavens.”

  “ You mean, hand her my wages?”
TAMING OF JIM BATER.

289

  “ No, I wasn’t thinking of that. I mean
if ever you come into a big sum, I want
you to give it into her care.”

  “ But,” protested Jim, “ if I had capital
enough I’d double it in six months. No. I
won’t bind myself with any promises.”

  “ Then you’ll lose every cent,” snapped
Christopher White. “ Look here, if some
one offered you a great pile of money—
more than you could even count if you kept
on all night—what would you do?”

  Jim thought for a moment.

  “ I’d drop dead!” he said at length.

  “ But if you didn’t drop dead?”

“ I should probably take it,” Jim grinned.
“Pshaw!” exclaimed tlie other. “You
see what a child you are in such matters!
Won’t you just do as I ask? Make me a
promise.”

  “ No, because I might happen to make
good some day,” said Jim easily. “ You
know I’d give Barbara a square deal, but if
ever I got the chance—”

  At that moment a knock was heard at
the street door, outside which a motor was
throbbing, and a man’s voice was heard
asking for Mr. James Bater.

  “ Here I am,” said Jim, going to the head
of the stairs.

  “ I want to see you privately,” said the
man.

  “ Then c6me in,” suggested Jim.

  The man entered Jim’s room. He was a
businesslike looking person with keen eyes
and a snappy manner.

  “ Good evening, Mr. White,” he said,
nodding cheerfully. “ I wanted to see Mr.
Bater alone, but I guess you don’t count, as
you know all 'about it. Do I definitely
understand from you that this is the man I
want?”

  Jim frowned.

  “ What do you mean—want?” he asked
suspiciously.

  “ This is Jim Bater, all right,” replied
Christopher White. “ Now don’t get ex-
cited, Jim. Nobedy’s going to bite you.”

  An expansive smile spread itself over the
face of the automobilist as he retired from
the room to his car and returned a few
moments later with a small steel box on
which were painted the letters “P. H.”'
This he deposited on the table with an air

    8	A-S

of importance while Jim watched with grow-
ing curiosity. The automobilist cleared his
throat and, still beaming, glanced round at
his audience of two.

  “ My name is Kirby, and I am a lawyer,”
he began. “ To-morrow is the day on which
you are to enter upon the state of matri-
mony, Mr. Bater, therefore, according to
the last will and testament of Peter Hegan,
this is the night when I have to present you
with a most remarkable gift—”

  “ Peter who?” asked Jim.

  “ Peter Hegan.”

  “ Never heard of him,” Jim declared.
“ Sure there isn’t any mistake?”

  “ Where wej-e you on the afternoon of
January 19 last?” asked the lawyer.

“ Why—why, let me see now. Oh, I was
nowhere near here. That was the night I
was wrecked on the coast of New Guinea.”
“ Precisely! And do you now recollect
meeting Peter Hegan?”

  “ Not a bit.”

  “ You pulled a man out of the water.”

  “ Well?”

 “Exactly. That was Peter Hegan.
Afterward he asked you where your home
town was, and you told him.”

  Jim leaned forward slightly, and the puz-
zled frown on his forehead began to dis-
appear.

  “ If that’s so I’d forgotten it. Go ahead.
I’m getting all het up.”

  “ Mr. Hegan was a peculiar man,” the
lawyer went on. “ Most peculiar in some
respects. He had worked for many years
on the Australian gold fields, made a for-
tune, and was then teld by the doctors that
he only had a few months to live. He
wanted to see America again before he died,
but he wouldn’t have done that if you
hadn’t pulled him out of the water.

  “ However, he had no relatives, and as a
matter of fact he had no friends, either.
This is not hearsay, but facts as he gave
them to me. He admitted freely that he
had worked like a slave all his life and that
—well, that generosity had never been his
chief characteristic. He had absolutely no
one to leave his money to, and as you had
taken the trouble to save him from drown-
ing he decided you had earned it.

  “ He went to a specialist in New York4
290

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

who told him he was within a month of the
grave, so he came on to Manster and made
inquiries about you. He found that you
were a tryer and that you wanted to marry
Miss West. He gave your uncle here a
vague idea of what his plan was, but even
Mr. White has no idea of the size of Peter
Hegan’s fortune.

  “ Under the terms of the will—Mr.
Hegan died a week after signing it—his
property was sold and converted into actual
money, so that we should be able to surprise
you by handing it over in cash on the eve
of your wedding. Mr. Hegan planned all
this himself. In round figures, Mr. Bater,”
the lawyer concluded, producing a bunch of
keys, “ that steel box contains a million
dollars.”

    A what?" Jim almost shouted.

  “ A cold million,” repeated the man of
law, inserting the key in the lock.

  But the key did not fit, and Mr. Kirby
displayed signs of agitation. He tried an-
other key, with equal failure. Then, grow-
ing still more agitated, he tried to force a
key into the lock, but gave it up, wiped his
brow, became extremely apologetic, and ad-
mitted he must have brought the wrong key.

  “ It is entirely my fault,” he said. “ The
other key must be in my office safe, on
which there is a time-lock, so I cannot re-
cover it before morning. However, the
money is here, and that is the main thing.
I will come from town in the car first thing
to-morrow with the right key.”

  “ And so,” said Jim to his uncle, after the
lawyer had gone, “ this is what you were
driving at, eh?”

  “ Yes, lad. Now, won’t you be sensible
and hand that over to Barbara?”

   Jim bit his lip.

  “ I’ve wanted a lump sum like that for
some time,” he said. “ I’ve got schemes in
my head. Before long I’ll double that mil-
lion—maybe multiply it by ten. And I’ll
show you now that I do know how to look
after money,” he went on, going over to-
ward a telephone. He spoke into the
receiver.

  “ Hello, there! Give me the police sta-
tion. Is that the chief? Hello, chief. This
is Jim Bater. I want you to send a couple
of men up to my room immediately.

They’re to stay here all night, and I’ll give
them fifty dollars a piece for the job. Mfcn
about nine feet high, if you have ’em. No,
no trouble. Just for protection, that’s all.
Send ’em right along. G’night, chief,
much ’bliged.”

  “ I’d best put you two wise,” Jim said to
the police officers when they arrived, “ so
that nothing can go wrong. See that steel
box? There’s just one million dollars in
cash in it. All you’ve got to do is to keep
both eyes glued on it till the bank opens in
the morning.”

  With events crowding one on the top of
another in this manner, Jim had no desire
to sleep, and he spent the early part of the
night smoking and chatting with the two
policemen. Later he grew pensive. He had
heard stories of buried treasure on a certain
island in the Pacific. This deluge of gold
would enable him to get up a mammoth
expedition. He would have a huge army
digging up the whole island, if necessary.

  In these circumstances Jim had the im-
plicit confidence of positive childhood in
himself. Also he thought of Barbara, and
the creature comforts he would be able to
buy her with a million dollars—with mil-
lions of dollars. The night wore along until
the little clock on the mantel-shelf said the
morning was four hours old. And then Jim
dropped off to sleep, sitting bolt upright in
his chair.

  Thus were two perfectly good policemen
left in charge of the steel box; and a million
dollars sounded like quite a fortune to them.
There are men in darkest New York who
can be hired for fifty dollars to do your
bidding, even if you bid them kill. And—
well, they were not the first policemen who
suddenly found they had their price.

  When Jim awoke he found he was gagged
and trussed up to his chair so securely that
all he could do was to raise his eyebrows.
And that was the condition in which his
uncle found him when he arrived, not very
long after dawn. In a few minutes the
wires were buzzing all round the country-
side, but the two missing policemen had
vanished like ice in the noonday sun.

  And never did a bridegroom enter upon
his wedding day with such a saddened
heart. With bare fingers he could have
«

TAMING OF JIM BATER.

291

torn the two thieves to pieces had he but
laid hands on them. His only consolation
lay in the fact that he had insisted on Bar-
bara being kept in ignorance of his ava-
lanche of wealth until she had actually
married him. Christopher White fluttered
between anger and intense scorn.

  “ Bound to happen, sooner or later!” he
spluttered, when the hue and cry had been
thoroughly started. “ It isn’t in you to
know what the power of money means.
Only you let some one get away with it even
quicker than I expected. Maybe, now that
you’ve had your fingers properly burnt,
you’ll take my advice next time you get
more than fifteen cents accumulated all at
one time.”

  “ Oh, I’m an idiot, and I admit it,” Jim
declared with a white face and the utmost
conviction. “ I ought to be kicked all the
way from here to Honolulu and then kicked
back again. You were right, and, I was
wrong. The only thing was that they
trimmed me in the way I least expected it.”
“ But they always do,” retorted his uncle
vehemently.

  u Well,” declared Jim, with a new light
of determination in his eye, “ I swear if
ever I get a bit of luck like that again—”
He was interrupted by an automobile
pulling up with a jerk and a snort under
his window, and Mr. Kirby, the lawyer,
entered the house unceremoniously. Jim
listened to his footsteps with a glum face,
and cast a sidelong glance at Mr. Kirby,
but he was too full of wo to speak.

  The lawyer entered the room with a
somewhat abashed air. In his arms he car-
ried a steel box, the appearance of which at
first made Jim leap out of his chair.

  “ I thought that was the right key,” the
lawyer began, “ and it was. But I made a
mistake. There were two steel boxes exactly
alike, each with Peter Hegan’s initials on it.
They both stood on my desk., After I
locked the money up in one of them my

clerk put one of the boxes back in the safe,
but they were so much alike that he put the
wrong one away.

  “ I owe you a thousand apologies, but it
was partly Mr. Hegan’s fault for bringing
me two boxes identical in appearance. The
other only contains worthless securities
which we could not sell at any price. See,
the key fits this all right,” he went on, lift-
ing the lid and displaying bundle after bun-
dle of bills, a veritable sea of money, “ and
I hope, Mr. Bater, you will forgive this
little—”

  “ Lock that up again!” Jim was tower-,
ing over the lawyer now, his eyes ablaze.
“ Jump into your car, quick, and drive like
the very devil to that yellow house at the
corner.”

  He had his great arms clutched round the
treasure chest, nor did he relax the strain
on them until he was in the presence of the
girl who, in another few hours, was to be-
come his wife.

  “ I’ve brought you your wedding present
from me,” he said stertorously. “ It’s—it’s
a million dollars, Barbara. I—I kind of
lost it once, early ithis morning, but a
miracle brought it back. I’d lose it again,
and miracles don’t strike twice in the same
place, so—”

  “ Jim, have you gone crazy?” the girl
asked.

  “ Yes, I’m crazy about you, Barbara,”
he said, relapsing into something of his old
easy-going self, now that he had thrown off
his shoulders the awful responsibility.

  Barbara looked at the contents of the box
as Jim opened it, and then glanced at the
clock.

  “ The bank is just opening,” she said with
a degree of calmness which astonished Jim,.
“ We’d better go down and deposit this
immediately. Come along. Now, Jim,
don’t get so excited. We’ll have this where
it’s safe in a few minutes, and then I want
you to tell me all about it, dear.”

When West Met East on the Latter’s Home Grounds

“EASTWARD HO!”

BY WILLIAM MacLEOD RAINE
The Adventures of a Modern Lochinvar in New York
PKilip

CHAPTER I.

GODDESS OF DAMNED SOULS.

I SAW the whole thing. I saw it from
the rather commonplace, though I
admit unusually situated, beginning, to
the appalling catastrophe at the end. I
saw it. I beheld the slow change that
Kilauea wrought. I observed the break,
the physical and mental collapse, that
Mme. Pele, that volcano goddess of damned
souls, forced up on my good friend Harrison
Rhodes—forced upon my practical-minded,
hard-headed, only fact-believing friend and
man of exact science, Professor Harrison
Rhodes, volcanologist.

  And yet, seeing that change, I did not
foresee the inevitable end of it all. Seeing
the approach of the breakdown, I did
naught to avert it. Seeing that final piti-
fully horrible climax—I simply stood
stupified, and, with unseeing, or perhaps
benumbed mind, saw with my eyes—and
yet did nothing.

  I see now that nothing could have been
done. The thing was inevitable.

  I did not cross to the islands with him.
He took the Lurline, which landed him
directly at Hilo, so that he had only thirty
miles by automobile to land him at the
very crater itself. So had he always been
■—eager, direct, ever quick scented and on
jthe job.

  I took the sugar boat Manoa, landed
at Honolulu for a fortnight or more with
friends—and thence, on the little Mauna
Kea, leisurely traveled through the islands,

M.Rsker Jr.

 the two hundred odd miles that separate
 these main cities of the Hawaiians.

   Every minute of that passage was full
 of grace and color and strange interest to
 me—the pure sapphire of the snow-flecked
 water and the skimming dash of the flying
 fish on either side, the tawny browns of
 the smooth sloping flanks of algaroba
 skirted Molokai and Lanaii, the vari-green
 checkered cane fields on swiftly rising
 Maui; at Lahaina the slender leaning coco-
 nut palms and low lying habitations crowd-
 ing so eagerly about the gleaming white
 staff from which glowed in the setting sun
 the good old “ homy ” stars and stripes; a
 night of crystal clearness and constellations
 that hurt my eyes, then morning and Hilo;
 and the drive through cane, bananas,
 guaves, tree ferns—to the suddenly opened
 vista at the very edge of the volcano itself.

   No wonder I forgot for those overflowing
 hours the errand on which I had come.
 No wonder that there entered into my
 scene-drugged mind no foreboding thoughts.
 No wonder, as the full view of Kilauea
 broke from the copse of ferns and ohelos
 on my left, that for the moment only the
 thrill of another picture of startling new-
 ness and strange beauty came over me.

   The fascination of the volcano—the fas-
 cination of it, I say, I did not at that
 moment comprehend.

   But then I was surfeited with sight-
 seeing.

   I turned to the chauffeur.

   “ Take me to the observation labora-
 tory,” I said.

292
THE VOLCANOLOGIST.

293

  It was perhaps a hundred yards farther,
and but a few steps from the crater’s rim;
a long flat yellow frame structure, mostly
of glass and wire screen, it impressed me,
and remarkably fitting its purpose. A
Japanese, in starchy white, bowed at the
doorway.

  “ Meestah Whitcomb?” he queried with
great display of teeth.

  I nodded; and he hustled my bags away.
I tipped my driver, a Portuguese, and fol-
lowed. "

  “ Thees a way, sah,” hissed the Jap.
And he lead me to the farthest room of the
building, deposited my grips, shot up the
blinds, and with another grin swept aside
the curtain, and said:

  “ Mos’ painstakin’ view, iss not, Meestah
Whitcomb?”

  I nodded at his rather remarkable adjec-
tive—another bit of the strange country,
I mused. Then I started—for as I leaned
out of the window I found that it actually
overhung the great hollow beneath. I
drew back with heart beating wildly and
palms pressing against the sill.

  I caught the servant swiftly turning
away in pretense at putting away my
clothes—I saw the grin on his face.

  “ Whew!” I smiled. “ Pretty deep right
here.”

  He turned.

  “ Four hundred eighty feets, sah, Pro-
fess’ Rhodes say. An’ ovah there ”—he
pointed to the bluffs at the right—“ ovah
there, Professor say eight hundred—straight
jump.”

  “ Whew,” I said again, for I began to
feel a bit perspiry after that first glance.
“ Under my feet.”

  “ Floor ver’ strong,” said the Jap. “ Pro-
fessor Rhodes smile when he see it,” he
added ambiguously.

  Then I recollected.

  “ But where is Professor Rhodes?” I
asked quickly.

  The Jap shrugged his shoulders, and
showed his prominent teeth again.

  “ HaJemaumau,” he said, giving the na-
tive name—main crater, sir. Study.”

  “ Oh,” I said, and took another look out
of the window. “ Where is it?”-

  The Japanese pointed straight out to

where, in the basin that was beneath me,
the shiny stove polish gray of the old lava
flows coned up to a smoking eminence a
short distance off.

  “ Oh—too far,” said the Jap. “ Couple
miles, ver’ hard on shoe —and Professor
Rhodes be back lunch time.”

  “Two miles to the main fiery pit!” I
cried. “ Just over there?”

  The little chap nodded.

“ Air ver’ clean,” he explained. “ Rock
ver’ hot, an’ sharp where are break places.
Professor Rhodes say me keep you here
where he come lunch time, sah. Yes, sah.”
I stayed.

  So Rhodes was already hard at it. Sci-
entific enthusiasm! Well, let him study.
I’d take my own time—unless he drove me.
And Harry Rhodes had a way about him
that was driving, too—a personal force that
impelled one to work as he willed, and
when he willed, and where, and in what
manner. That was one reason I liked the
man. When “ on the job,” as he used to
say, poor chap, he was “ on the job ”; cold,
hard, matter of fact, determined to win out,
going at his work in an everything-else-
be-damned attitude that was simply in-
spiring. All his life, short but already full
of achievement, he had sought, and be-
lieved only in, fact. He had come here
to discover the facts about the volcano of
Kilauea. I believed he would not leave
until he had worked out these facts. I
was not surprised that, instead of lingering
here to greet me, he was out there where
the smoke was rising, after facts.

  And already I began to feel that I, too,
must get out and to work.

CHAPTER II.

THE PIT OF EVERLASTING FIRE.

  AT noon I heard a stamping at the door,
/A and then in crisp hard tones, but
full of friendly greeting:

  “ Hello, old man. Mighty glad to see
you. What a great time you must have
had! No circles under your eyes, plenty
of healthy color, firm grip in your hand,
quick movements, head up. Great! Great!
Fit for work. And you’ll have it. By
294

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

jinks, man, it’s a great study, great study.
You’ll have work. Let’s get some food
in us, and then we’ll be off. Glad you’re
so fit—need to be. Got heavy shoes?”

  There you are. That was his way.

  I grinned. The Jap began to fly about
like a white shade. Evidently he knew
Rhodes pretty well after these few short
weeks. I looked fine, did I? And so could
do work, eh? I suppose he would have
had the same enthusiasm over a piece of
machinery that came to him in good con-
dition.

  “ Thanks,” I said. “ I have.”

  “ You’ll need ’em,” he said. “ Where
the surface lava is cracked it’s like broken
glass—is broken glass. Fact!”

  I smiled again. Fact.

  “ Your first trip,” Rhodes snapped, as
the Jap served, “ we’ll make a general
round-up. Broad view at first is better.
Did it myself. Later come details. Great
work—you’ll be mad over it. I am already
in a little more than two weeks. Fact!”

  Lord, thought I, he is going to lead me
a merry race!

  And he did. But how dearly was it won!
And how appalling it’s finish! Had I
known then, or felt—but that of course, is
absurd. How can one know that a thing
is to occur, and then set about to avert it,
to thwart the will of fate? It is well
we have no vision of the future. Our
miseries are sufficient as they are, God
knows.

  But perhaps I sound pessimistic, gloomy.
I should not, for after all it was a glorious
thing, a splendid thing that Rhodes did
at the finish—a thing that should, in the
reflected glory it sheds on civilized man,
make us who know, and perhaps you who
read, better, whole-hearted, more optimistic.

  Luncheon over, old-clothes donned, and
we started down into the crater by way
of a trail out in the precipitous wall below
the observatory. And all the way down,
and as we picked our way over the ancient
flows in the basin below, Rhodes, in his
jerky matter-of-fact sentences was giving
me a general idea about the thing we were
to study.

  “ Whole groups of islands are volcanic,”
he snapped. “ Bubbles, blisters, on earth’s

surface, shoved above sea. On this island
two bubbles, Mauna Kea. Loa’s dead,
more or less—Kea, this one, still a bit
hot. You’ll see that,” he added grimly.
“ Damn hot!”

   “ And smelly,” I interpolated facetiously.
“ Sulfur,” he snapped without a smile.
“ To continue: Kea rises up twelve thou-
sand feet—main crater on cone top, dead
long ago—but this one broke out on the
mountain’s flank—like a boil. Big one
though, Kilauea is—see for yourself. Take
a lake the size of Manhattan Island, and
let the bottom suddenly drop out of it
so that the banks fall straight down from
five hundred to eight hundred feet—let
the muddy bottom be a hard and shiny
slate gray, and appear to have flowed, or
be flowing, in massy rounded molasseslike
rolls, from a slightly raised place in the
crater—let steam be rising at odd intervals
about the muddy looking floor, and a cloud
of blue sulfur fumes and whiter smoke be
blowing as from a great conflagration in
the hollow of the mounded crater—let a
mist be falling, a strong breeze blowing,
an all permeating odor combined of steam
laundry and match factory be ever in your
nostrils—let a feeling gradually grip you
that you are treading on a mined field
which may at any moment blow you to
atoms or crack open and drop you into
a sea of molten stone and living fire—let
your senses suddenly comprehend that this
is a work of living nature in the very act
of earth change, and that over it man has
not the slightest control—and you have
Kilauea. God! It’s magnificent!”

  We reached the bottom at last, and began
to pick our way over the crackling crust
of brittle lava. Now and again a section
of the stuff would tip beneath my foot, and
my heart wildly pound.

  But Rhodes would exclaim:

  “ No worries, old man. Nothing hot
right here. Hell’s a bit further on.”

  Yet a hundred paces along, he stopped
and pointed to a bit of steam trailing in
the breeze from a^low break in the floor.

  “ Stuff flowing there,” he said matter-
of-factly.

  I craned my neck and started for the
place.
THE VOLCANOLOGIST.

295

  “Approach it from below!” cried
 Rhodes.

   “ But it will run right at me, then!” I
 remonstrated.

   “ You can dodge these little fellows. But
 if you get above, you might break through
 the crust, and lose a foot before you knew
 it was burned. "Native did that a month
 ago—unpleasant, they say.”

    A little coldness seized me.

   “ You mean that above us here, under
 the crackly stuff on which we’re treading,
 the liquid molten rock is lying.”

   He nodded.

   “ Fact,”' he said. “ There’s the main
 fiery pit—” He pointed ahead a mile or
 so to where the rise was craggily cut off and
 smoke was rising. “ Natives call it the
 Pit of Everlasting Fire, Halemaumau.

 . They’ve names for everything here you
 know—queer ducks. Well, up in there the
 lava level must be a hundred yards or more
 higher than we are here. Only the hard-
 ened crust around the pit holds it from
 getting us right now—from getting the
 whole country, I might just as well say.
 Why, if the thing took a notion to rise,
 it could flood half the island, and destroy
 —ugh! I don’t like to think of that—with
 nothing, nothing, you know, to stop it—
 beyond man’s power. “ Huh!” He smiled
 belittlingly at the thought of man. “ Huh!
 Little shrimp—man—insignificant atom.”
 I smiled my appreciation.

   “ But this little tongue of lava breaking
 out right here?” I hinted.

    “ Well, there are weak places, of course,”
 Rhodes went on. “ And of course the
 pressure of all that stuff above in the pit
 is terrific. So naturally some of it leaks
 through—creeps between old flows, you
 know—under enormous pressure. See!”
 He pointed at a little glowing tongue that
 suddenly streamed from under the crust
 to our left. “ There’s a bit forced out.
 But see it turn gray—hardened almost at
 once. Watch it, now—and you’ll see the
 hardened tip lift a little, and out the molten
 stuff will run again.”

   It so happened, and weirdly enough.
 Then the surface of that tiny flow hard-
 ened; we waited a few moments; then as
 before, the tip of this last flow raised ever

so little, and out was forced another fiery
trickle.

  I gasped.

  “ It’s alive! ” I exclaimed.

  Rhodes smiled mockingly.

  “ Yes, the natives say that. They have
legends, you know. Superstitious rot! ”

  “ But do these little flows take place
throughout all the older stuff?” I queried,

  He nodded.

  “ They are continually raising the bot-
tom of the crater. It may be that the
very spot you stand on will to-morrow be
covered a couple feet—”

  I jumped.

  “ Let’s move on,” I said. “ The stuff
is alive.”

  “ You’re as bad as the Kanakas,” smiled
Rhodes. “ Remember you’re here to get
facts, not to go batty over a bit of hot
stone being alive.”

  “ I don’t blame ’em,” I grunted, as we
turned aside to clear another tricklet of
smoking, glowy stuff that seemed to hur-i
riedly run out to meet us.

  . “ Who?” said Rhodes.

  “ The natives,” I answered.

  Then Rhodes stated another fact.

  “ You’re a fool!” he snapped, and strode
on.

  Submissively I followed.

  But I smiled within myself. Harrison
Rhodes, volcanologist, said I to myself, will
let nothing prevent him from getting the
facts about Kilauea. And nothing I added
soberly, can prevent him from learning all
that mere humans might learn.

  There is always a place, admittedly,
where man comes against a wall, a vast
wall, opaque, impenetrable, unsurmount-
able, against which he may fling himself
until exhausted and yet which, still stub-!
bornly sphinxlike, will answer his questions
—not. I felt that Rhodes would glean
all he could, all man could, until he
reached this wall. Then, f©r the man was
built that way, he would scan the wall
from afar, measure it with wisdom’s eye,
close up to it and minutely search every
detail; then, because he wanted fact and
only fact, he would say, “ I have come to
the end of my labors. There is nothing
farther that I can pick apart and set aside
296

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

and say: This is fact. Therefore, my
good friend, let us pack up our notes, our
photographs, our paraphernalia, and hie us
back to the good old coast where we can,,
at leisure, write the book the university so
madly craves—a book of facts.” Then he
might add, for he differed not from the
rest of our kind: “ Let some fool old
graybeard there theorize—we’ll get the
facts.”

  Again I smiled to myself as I slipped
and stumbled over the crackling surface.
Rhodes was practicality itself—I a fool.

  Yet I argued, I was right where I said
that I didn’t blame the natives for their
superstition. That vast wall against which
we would finally come was simply one of a
series, an infinite series. The wall against
which the Kanakas came was simply one
earlier in the series. We had solved the
Open Sesame to its mystery, had penetrated
it and trod the ground betwixt it and that
wall that finally would defeat us, with
eagerness, certainty, wisdom. To them,
what lay beyond the wall at which their
knowledge of fact ended was blackness,
mystery, gods—to us, because we were
secure in deeper sight, this blackness,
mystery, and talk of gods was superstition.
They did not conceive, perhaps, of other
walls beyond our wall. To them all that
could possibly be beyond theirs was black-
ness, mystery, gods—but to us, what lay
beyond our wall we smugly said was yet
unsolved nature, and we let our graybeards
build fanciful theories. The natives con-
jured up ghosts and gods and pulled off
each other’s heads to prove a favorite’s
peculiar powers. The graybeards conjec-
tured over heat and pressures, and plucked
each others whiskers to prove their own
particular principles.

  A difference not of kind but of degree.

  And even Rhodes had said that we were
to note fact and fact only.

  “ Well,” said I to myself, as we puffed
up the steeper slope to the main fiery pit,
“ just what will he do when he comes to
his wall. He said all he wanted was fact
—let the philosophers at the university
theorize.” As I looked about me at the
vastness of the arena of steaming heat to
the center of which we, little atoms, walked

so boldly confident, I wondered if Rhodes
would hold to his word; just get facts—or
would he then try to go beyond? And
if he tried to penetrate his wall—what
then?

  Perhaps it is fortunate that man has not
the gift of prescience. I am glad, with such
thought running through my mind, that I
had not.

  As we slipped and crunched upward, a
deep gurgling and heavy puffing struck my
ear. And at the same time came a shrill
chorus of excited voices. A half dozen
tourists at the pit’s brink beckoned to us
to hurry.

  We leaped on, and in a moment more
stood with them.

CHAPTER III.

MME. PELE’S HAIR.

THERE are two visions of Halemaumau
that I will ever carry with me—and
would that they were but one! The
first view I had of the fiery pit is one, the
last view is the other. The first, a vista of
wierd, thrilling, fascination. The last—of
hellish horror. God, had I but dreamed it!
Had I but—but the thing is done, and
naught is left but to tell it—naught but to
tell it all.

  My first impression was of craggy,
jagged, out-reaching jaws, a wide opened
mouth of heated-hazed gray and livid red,
a leaping, pulsing, eager tongue in the very
center—madly opened wide and spewing
at the heavens, and, in a sobbing thwarted
voice, cursing God—a thing in and of itself,
alive, terrible, malevolent.

  My second impression—I turned to
Rhodes.

“ A bit of hell, itself,” I muttered.

  There was no answer.

  Rhodes, hands behind his back, was gaz-
ing fascinatedly at the leaping turmoil of
lava in the swirling pool of molten rock
at our feet. His face was tense, his eyes
burning with a heat that was second only
to the crater itself. I thrilled a bit—if
I could only feel in myself but a portion
of his scientific ardor!

  I nudged him.
THE VOLCANOLOGIST.

297

  “ As if beneath that pool,” I said, “ softie
monster ogre was chained in everlasting
torment, his writhings causing those slow
currents beneath the cliffs, his choking
breath the convulsive leaping of the molten
lava, his desperate sobbing the grumbling
of the stuff and the trembling of the rock
beneath our feet.”

  Rhodes jerked awake.

  “ Perhaps there is,” he said in a low
voice.

  For a fraction of a second I took my eyes
off the pit of fire. This much from Rhodes
-—even in fun?

  “ Well,” I said, “ that is a concession to
native superstition, and ”—I could not help
but add—“ to a fool.”

  A bit irritable, I fancied, my good friend
shook himself.

  “Every day for almost three weeks past,”
he said, “ three hours each day, I have
watched the scene before us. I have seen
the whole pool silent, heavy, gray surfaced
and wrinkled slightly—as elephant hide in
tough appearance, as a pot of molten lead
in color and calmly latent possibilities—
gray, placid, but hot; only at the edges
beneath the cliffs continually and redly
lapping, lapping, lapping, hungry for the
rock on which it feeds.

  “ And then in a moment a split appears,
great sections of the congealed surface
swing apart, the red molten stuff beneath,
touching the air, leaps and hisses and bel-
lows, the whole pit becomes alive, great
blocks of the cliffs slide in, leap in, eagerly
throw themselves in—and the place does
become even as the natives call it, Hale-
maumau, the Pit of Everlasting Fire.
Three weeks of it, I’ve seen. And the
natives sacrifice to it.” Here his face hard-
ened and his hands clenched. “ Fools!
As if man—” Then he shrugged his shoul-
ders again. And stared to the left, where
the gray, hardened surface was slowly en-
tering a glaring, puffing hollow beneath the
cliff—and disappearing in its maw.

  Then suddenly Rhodes chuckled.

  “ Look at ’em,” he said nodding to the
tourists, who had made their way to a low
level of hardened lava to our right. “ That
is what I call practical—broiling ham over
a crack in the surface.”

  “ What!” I exclaimed.

  “ Not possible?” he ran on. “ Look be-
neath you.”

  I did, and confess to another real thrill.
For hot three feet below the surface the
fissure in the lava was glaring red. I
stepped aside a bit hastily—nearer to the
crater’s edge.

  Rhodes chuckled again—then his face
went white—and tightened in horror.

  “ This way,” he cried hoarsely. “ Jump!
Jump!”

  Needless to say I leaped straight over the
red hot crack that I had just avoided.
Rhodes, still white and tense, seized my
arm and ran me a dozen paces to one side.
And as we scrambled on, a rending crash
came from behind us, a giant plopping splash
followed.

  And when I turned to look, the entire
ledge on which we had been standing had
disappeared and the pool of molten rock
was in turmoil. My knees weakly de-
posited me onto the ground, and my head
swam.

  Rhodes’s hand trembled as he, sitting
also, and breathing heavily, placed it on
my shoulder. His smile was rather forced,
I imagine, when he said:

  “ Well, old man, your torturecf ogre
nearly got you that time, didn’t he?”

  I nodded quietly, jerkily.

  “ Not a pleasant way of going, I im-
agine,” he ran on a little smoother. “ I
never did fancy so hot an end. Rather
glad we noticed the ham broilers—”

  I looked up, a bit anxiously.

  “ Oh, they never even heard it,” he said.
“ But if they hadn’t been playing there
I might not have looked at the crack be-
neath our feet, might not have seen it
slowly widen, might not have jumped with
you in time, you see? Tourist boasting—‘ I
did it too—over a crack! ’—probably saved
us from a rather unpleasant end.”

  I pressed his hand.

 “ It’s not a joke,” I murmured.
“ Thanks.”

  He grinned, but returned the pressure.

  “ No joke—fact! But it did almost get
you—■ Beware what you say of Kilauea.
Now let’s go over to the second crater.
Three little ones now, you know.” He
298

ALL-STORY WEEKLY,

hurried on, seemingly quite over his emo-
tion. “ All the stuff in sight, even the crust
we’re standing on, is new flow of the last
four months—used to be one great pit,
now three—fact!”

  So was the man changed again. ^ Fact,
fact, fact—he adored fact. And yet—there
was that on his face as he stared at the
lapping, fiery rock that seemed to say:

  “ Yes, this whole thing is a single great
fact; it is, it exists, it is fact. But behind
it all—well, I do wonder now what is hid-
den there. Something—it fascinates—fas-
cinates.” That is what his face, his glow-
ing eyes, had seemed to say. And recalling,
I wondered if something were changing in
the basic character of my good friend,
Harrison Rhodes, volcanologist. Whether,
after all, he were not wondering what lay
beyond his wall—whether, after all he was
charmed only by—fact.

  The days passed; we photographed, took
notes, tested for temperature, for the chem-
istry of the lava, the fumes, the steam.
We observed by day, by night—recorded
the movement of the flows, the varying
heights which the pools in the crater cal-
drons reached, the coincident amounts of
vapor and smoke and seismic action.

  Rhodes was incessantly “ on the job.”
He never wearied. He never seemed to
fear. He was obsessed with scientific
fervor. He must have facts. He took
chances, risked horrible death a dozen times
a day, laughed when I remonstrated, when
I recalled to him our narrow escape of my
first day at the crater—boasted that noth-
ing could get him—and on it all waxed fat.

  Then one day came a package of beoks
from Honolulu. I was glad, for I antici-
pated an evening of enjoyment.

  But, before I had a chance to mention
the thing to him, Rhodes had Azaki carry
it into his bedroom, unopened. He did this
almost secretively, as though he thought
that I might see the books—and laugh.

  I wondered at this—for we shared all
our pleasures and difficulties together, even
as we had done when students in the uni-
versity for which we now labored.

  I wondered too, as each day we made
our observations at the fiery pit of Hale-

maumau, why Rhodes had at times those
fits of seeming abstraction, why he would
stand and gaze so fascinatedly at the teem-
ing stuff within—stand thus when our notes
of that particular formation or phenomenon
were already quite complete.

  He would watch the stuff as the surface
spiraled about, as the gray sections of it
would tip and up-endedly slide the one be-
neath the other, as great chunks of cliff
would thunderingly fall into the lava with
a ponderous splashing and upheaval of the
heavy liquid, as fountains of liquid fire
would dance with clumsy grace and fan-
tasy—would watch it as though dazed by
its vastness, as though hypnotized by its
constant variation.

  -/Then one day as we were taking motion
pictures of a particularly beautiful play
of lava, I saw his eyes eagerly scanning the
formation on which he stood. And sud-
denly he stepped closer to the crater,
stooped, and scooped up something from
the ground.

  He held out his hand to me, one finger
bleeding plentifully—and in the palm was
a fluffy bit of hairlike material, soft as
spun glass, and really the same stuff spun
by the winds playing on the spurting lava.

  “ Pele’s hair,” he said with a smile.

  I nodded.

• “ Yes,” I said, “ another pretty native
superstition. And you’ve cut yourself on
the sharp lava break—that’s a blood sac-
rifice for the hair, I should say, eh?”

  He shrugged his shoulders, and turned
away. I watched him from the tail of my
eye. He did not toss the soft stuff to the
winds, but surreptitiously stowed it in an
envelope. Playing with me, eh, I smiled
to myself? Or seized wth a sudden taste
for curio-saving? Or—what else might it
be?

  Why this growing secrecy—if indeed it
were secrecy at all?

  That night I found one of the new books
on the spreading porch where he had un-
doubtedly forgotten it. I picked it up, and
read the title.

  It was: “ Native Hawaiian Supersti-
tions.” The author I have forgotten.

  I laid it in my hand, and it opened
naturally and easily at a chapter labeled:
THE VOLCANOLOGIST.

299

“ Legends of Kilauea.” And a little further
along came the story of Mme. Pele, the
goddess of fire, and of native sacrificial
feasts in her honor on the crater’s crumbling
edge.

  So that was what Rhodes was reading.
I had heard of such books. I knew the
Kanakas had such tales, such folk-lore.
Rhodes knew that I knew this too. Then
why, I pondered, this secretiveness? Why
did he not share the books with me? Was
it perhaps that he didn’t- wish to distract
me from the work at hand—gathering
facts? Was it that he knew it was utter
nonsense, and so was a little ashamed that
I find him immersed in such literature after
all his outbursts regarding his obsession
for the pursuit of fact and his mocking of
those who, halted at their wall, according
to their lights, conjure up spirits or conjec-
ture as to principles?

  Or was it something else?

  Why had he been so fascinated to-day
in that little tangle of Mme. Pele’s hair,
when the stuff was in every nook and
cranny near the crater, and we had seen it
every visit we had made?

  Why were his observations of the changes
in the pit made now with so much more
of the fanatic than the cool, hard-headed,
practical-minded, only-fact-believing man
of exact science that heretofore he had
been?

  Why had he not accepted my little joke
about blood sacrifice when I noticed his
finger bleed from the cut made by the
newly broken lava edge?

  He hadn’t. He hadn’t even smiled. He
had simply turned away, and tucked that
bit of volcanic spun glass in his pocket.

 And that evening when he came in, I
having left the crater earlier in .the day
in order to develop some film in which I
was particularly interested, I mentioned
jokingly, testingly, I had better say, these
books.

  It was natural for me to do this, too,
for no sooner was the dinner over and our
cigars lit, than he started for his own
room.

  As his hand touched the door knob, I
opened the question.

  “ Pretty interesting stuff for a practical

man whose business it is to set down fact,”
I hinted.

  He paused—his face a study.

  “ You mean—-have seen—” he then said
a bit hotly, chin lifted.

  “ I didn’t spy, Harry, old man,” I said.
“ But why the secrecy—why all the—”

  He closed the door, and dropped into a
seat at my side, whence through the great
glass windows he could view the fast dim-
ming crater. He seemed to be pondering
over just how to explain himself, and put
his action into the right light. His cigar
smoke drifted idly for several minutes, be-
fore he spoke. And finally when he did
vouchsafe a further answer, his voice was
calm, but his words uncertain, as if he him-
self were not sure of himself, were not
quite clear in his own mind.

  “ I don’t know,” he said. “ I confess
it—I don’t know why I did it. I sent
for the books on—well, on impulse. And
I found, when they came at last, that I was
a bit fussed, you know—wondering what
you would say.”

  I raised my brows.

  “ Was there any reason why I shouldn’t
think it quite natural that you read that
type of book—dealing with the subject
that is our present study—even though
only native superstition?”

  He glanced at me—and I read surprise
in his quick eye, and a little mortification
as well. .

  “ Well,” he said slowly, “ you know I
detest fanciful—”

  “ Yes,” I interrupted quickly, “ you did
detest such stuff.”

  At that his face hardened slightly. Then
he said shortly:

  “ The things interest me—rest me. And
it is possible, is it not, that even native
folk-lore may shed some light on ancient
volcanic phenomena here. Legends origi-
nate in something — some physical, con-
crete action or object of nature, do they
not?”

  I had to acknowledge that they did. But
nevertheless, I could see clearly enough
from his talk, his actions, the suspicious and
furtive look in his eye, that he had hidden
these books from me for more reason than
he would acknowledge. And as I sat and
300

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

the blue smoke of my cigar mingled in
the ensuing silence with that from his, I
saw him again as he stood a few days before
in rapt fascination on the crater’s edge—
I saw again the strange look that was on
him as he held up that suddenly plucked
fluff of Mme. Pele’s hair.

  The first days of my stay with him he
had not acted thus. Why did he now?

  Surely, tourists enough had I seen gaz-
ing enraptured, even dazed, into the seeth-
ing, glowing crater, their eyes reflecting the
reds and vermilion of its fires, their cheeks
afire with the heat. All who came to
see Kilauea did thus; then, awestruck,
inspired, perhaps a bit frightened and
dreaming of a cleaner, friendlier life dur-
ing the rest of their days, they picked up
their bits of lava, their envelopes full of
Mme. Pele’s hair, burned the edges of their
souvenir post cards in the red hot fissures,
and went their way.

  But Rhodes—his case was different. His
was not to be expected. His was unique.

  And why?

  As I dreamed thus there came a knock
on the door.

  I instructed Azaki as he came through
the room to answer it.

  “ Wait!” said Rhodes quickly, “ I think
I know who it was.”

  And he opened the door himself and
stepped outside.

CHAPTER IV.

      THE RUMBLING OF THE PIT.

1 CONFESS that I listened intently, and
| unashamed of my eavesdropping.

        From the soft gutturals of the stran-
gers, for I had seen at least three forms
standing in the gathering darkness outside,
I knew them to be natives. And I cen-
cluded at once that they were bringing
specimens to us—possibly of a whiter-
colored lava formation that was found in
one of the olden craters, long since quiet.

  Yet when, after the conversation had
continued for at least five minutes, Rhodes
gravely and with only a silent nod to me
came in, took his hat, and left again, I
began to wonder what his errand might be.

Rapidly on the hard roadway the echo
of their footsteps retreated—and I was left
alone with my cigar and my reverie.

  Heretofore, in all our expeditions—and
Rhodes and I had been to Java, to the
Aleutian Islands, to Popocatepetl in
Mexico, to Vesuvius in Italy, and Etna in
the island of Sicily, in our pursuit of facts
about volcanic action—Rhodes had been
in all things my confidant, and I his. Per-
sonal matters we discussed with the open-
ness of full and trusting friendship; business
matters with the ►confidence of a friend’s
suggestion and aid; professional matters
with the free give and take, acceptance or
mockery, construction or sarcastic destruc-
tion, of two men who had studied the same
branch of geology and shared the same dis-
coveries, the same defeats, and who held
the same ambitions, for a full score of
years.

  And yet here, but why I could not for
the life of me see, Rhodes chose to hold
aloof, chose other books than those we
might together enjoy, chose other thoughts
than those he might communicate to me,
chose other companions than myself for
an untimely and secretive jaunt away from
the laboratory. Leaving me, his lifelong
partner in all he did and was, alone.

  With my cigar dropping its ashes un-
heeded, I stared out at the crater which
now, with the great glow in the clouds
above the Pit of Everlasting Fire where
dwelt Mme. Pele, and with the living rubies
dotted about the great basin where the little
tongues of lava CQntinually broke up the
open, was a veritable bivouac ground of a
mighty army. The scene was beautiful,
and I confess, despite its natural explana-
tion, awesome. And I shrugged my shoul-
ders as I.thought of those books on native
superstition. Who, viewing such a vast
example of nature’s mightiness, could blame
the natives for their beliefs. Who, seeing
that gleam from the fiery pit, could mock
the native when he declared that pit to be
under the control of Mme. Pele, goddess
of fire—particularly when that mysterious
and all-powerful superwoman’s hair lay in
every nook and, cranny near the pit it-
self. I smiled. What these simple, spirit-
loving, spirit-fearing folk would not conjure
THE VOLCANOLOGIST.

301

up in answer to their questions of the un-
known!

  By ten o’clock Rhodes had not returned,
and, a bit disgusted, I told Azaki to go to
bed and turned in myself.

  In the morning, at breakfast, Rhodes
seemed a bit sheepish, and hung his head
as though he felt his truancy.

  Then, with the meal half over, he sud-
denly burst out:

  “ Poor fellows, poor chaps—they—they
believe—believe.”

  I glanced up questioningly.

  Harrison flashed red as the strawberries
on his plate.

  “ Believe, eh?” I said a bit coldly.

  He puttered with his spoon.

  “ Came to get me last night—me ”—he
went on hastily, yet, it appeared to me as
though to confirm his own thought—“ me,
the most practical man in the world—
whose sole ambition is to discover and
make note of the fact—get me to go to one
of their infer—I should say—ungodly na-
tive luaus in honor of Mme. Pele. Im-
agine ”—he looked up but his eyes were
anywhere but on mine—“ imagine that—
me—at a native feast, eating seaweed, and
unsinged chicken, and raw pork liver, and
slimy poi—in honor of a Kanaka goddess.
Ye gods!”

  He puttered once more at his berries.

  “ You left here a bit hurriedly, Harry,”
I said.

  He hastened to answer—face still red.

  “ They wanted me to hurry—pretty far
to go—and the kahuna said there’s a
prophecy or something that there’s to be
an eruption, a violent one, that ’11 cover the
whole island very soon; so they wanted me.
Pele has said it, they declare. Absolutely
sure about it. Can you imagine that?
And getting me—me, a man of fact, mind
you—fact and cold, hard, science—to go
to their horrible feed and—well, and help
them—help stop that, awful thing that’s
prophesied.”

  “Help them!” I cried. Then, with I
don’t know what underlying thought forc-
ing my words: “ Think you can?” I ques-
tioned with a bit of scorn in my voice.

  His answer was astonishing.

  “ God knows I” he said with great rev-

erence—then abruptly put his napkin
down and left the table.

  All that day he avoided me.

  And that evening, again, he disappeared.

  And so for a week at least each day the
same thing occurred.

  Our conversations were limited to bare
necessity. His attitude, do not mistake
me, was not unfriendly—but simply aloof.
He acted as though a bit ashamed, a bit
abstracted, a bit frightened of possible con-
sequences of I knew not what—a bit mys-
terious, a bit secretive. He acted as he
had never acted before. Two months ago
he was himself, Harrison Rhodes—now,
after two months’ intimate acquaintance
with the volcano, he was another man—
another being, I might say.

  On the evening of the eighth day, how-
ever, my friend did not as usual retire to
his room, nor did the natives come to the
door and call him away.

  Instead, he sat himself down, humming
softly,- and picked up one of his books and
idly fingered it.

  Then he said, out of a clear sky:

  “ Well, old man, you’ll admit, after what
you’ve seen of the fiery pit, that if there
isn’t a goddess of fire, there ought to be
one.”

  I looked up. His face was unclouded,
clear. This, I instantly concluded, was
more like my friend’s real self.

  “Absolutely!” I affirmed enthusiastical-
ly, and waited for him to go on.

  But he did not—simply sat down and
puffed away at his cigar and turned the
leaves of his book.

  And at perhaps ten he arose, stretched
himself, smiled warmly, shamefacedly, as
though in confession and plea for forgive-
ness, and went off to bed. And I, after a
glance at the fire-dotted abyss below us,
retired too.

  I was awakened shortly by a slight trem-
bling of my bed—as though some giant
hand was gently shaking it. I sat up in
the darkness, and heard a muffled exclama-
tion from the next room as I did so. My
bed trembled again, and the timbers of the
building creaked protestingly—and I knew
at once—an earthquake—a good one, and
302

&LL-STORY WEEKLY,

this house on the very edge of that dizzy
gulf!

  Even as I leaped from my bed, the door
opened, and the giant, pajamaed figure of
Rhodes stepped in.

  His voice was hollow as he spoke—and
his words unbelievable.

  “ Even as it was prophesied,” said he,
“ it has come to be—Mme. Pele awakens.”

  A shot of cold thrilled my spine. Was
the man suddenly mad? Or was the whole
thing a vast hoax he had contrived to re-
lieve the monotony of our study. Should
I rush him, knock him down, and drag him
out of the house before another earthquake
shock should precipitate us both into the
hungry abyss below—or should I pass the
thing off as a joke.

  I decided on the latter.

 “Nonsense!” I cried. “Get some
clothes on and let’s get off the edge before
we’re tumbled in.”

  His white face shook negatively.

  “ The kahuna said it,” he went on, “ at
that first feast he foretold it—Mme. Pele
awakens.”

  “ Get shoes on, anyway—snap into ’em,”
I ordered.

  He came over and put a hand on my
shoulder—I winced at its chilly touch. The
scene was weird enough—what with the
drizzle outside, the creak of the house, the
pale ghost of this madman beside me, the
talk of fire goddesses, and all about us
tinged with the crimson reflection from the
glare of the eternal fires without. Rhodes
patted my shoulder reassuringly.

  “ Don’t worry, old fellow,” he said sooth-
ingly. “ Nothing will happen to us—at
least ”—here he hesitated, and I saw that
his eyes sought Halemaumau, above which
the clouds were as of blood—“ at least,” he
repeated—“ not yet.”

  Another rumbling shook the building.
The hand on my shoulder gave a spas-
modic clutch.

  “ What the devil do you know about it?”
I cried. “ Come, now, you’ve got to go.”

  He did not resist. And once outside, my
own fear left me, and I confess I felt the
complete fool that not so long ago Rhodes
had called me. We waited in the silence
for half an hour or more. Then, following

the example of the hastily clad guests we
could see on the hotel lawn, we turned
back to our rooms.

  At his door Rhodes seized my arm again.

  “ Forgive me, old man,” he said quietly,
sanely. “ I—I must have been dreaming—
and those kahunas are so damn impressive
when they prophesy — I admit it — must
have had me going.” Then he nodded to-
ward the crater. “ I don’t see that the
shock has changed things any over there,
do you?”

  Through the glass I pould see no increase
or decrease in the palpitating glow above
the fiery pit.

  “ Not yet!” I said shortly.

  Rhodes’s hand still held me. “ Not of-
fended, old fellow, are you?” he asked.

  “ See you in the morning,” I answered,
and left him.

  J could hear him sigh deeply as he en-
tered his own room. And later, as I lay
avjake, unable to sleep as yet, I could hear
him tossing and muttering on his bed, and
wondered what was so troubling his mind.
Wets the man a bit crazed by his strenuous
concentration over the gathering of fact,
or was the various and vast superstitious
lore of Kilauea overpowering his scientific
faith, and slowly making him, too, as con-
fident in the belief in, and worship of,
Mme. Pele, as any native of these islands?
Or, after all, was it all a hoax—was he sim-
ply, by strenuous means, trying to have a
little sport with me?

  Toward dawn came another knocking on
the door, and a thump from Rhodes’s room.
But hushed voices immediately following,
told me there was no need for me to arise.
The natives again! Yet this time my
friend did not leave with them, but short-
ly the door closed, and I heard him retire
once more.

CHAPTER V.

TONGUES OF FIRE.

AT the fiery pit that day were fair a
. hundred natives.

“ Come to make sacrifice,” nod-
ded Rhodes, a lot more communicative
than lately.
THE VOLCANOLOGIST.

303

  “ To their gods?” I asked, to draw him
out.

  “ To Mme. Pele, goddess of fire,” he
said. “ Those fellows last night came to
ask me if it would be all right.”

  I stared.

 “ Came to ask you? What do they
think you are—a kahuna?”

  He shrugged his shoulders and looked
away.

  “ Hardly that, I think. But they know
I study the thing, and so—” He made an
expressive gesture.

 “Humph!” I grunted, eying him—“I
study it, too—they don’t—”

  He wheeled.

  “ Perhaps,” he said shortly—“ perhaps
I understood them better.”

“ Harry!” I cried then, “ do you mean
to say that you believe all this bally rot
about this thing being alive, and all that?”
I was resolved to get at the root of things
at last.

  When he turned again to answer me his
eyes were aglow. But instead of the flood
of biting words I had expected, came the
following enthusiastic outburst:

  “Why, man, man!” he cried, flinging
his arms out wide, “ it is alive! It’s the
good old mother earth alive. Form-chang-
ing mother nature, struggling to exert her
power, and in the struggle shaking the very
earth as she did last night. Can’t you see,
man, that this living fire is indeed the liv-
ing earth? Why the very spirit of the uni-
verse is fire—the very heavens are alight
with it at night—the infinitesimal bit of
cosmic dust which we inhabit owes its life
to its congenial warmth. Fire? God, it’s
man’s salvation. The structure of all our
civilization is built on fire, even as is the
ground we stand on at this moment. Man
is man, dominant, thinking, dextrous, be-
cause of fire. Alive, you ask? Alive?
You bet this old Kilauea is alive—as alive
as you and I—and its spirit is as animate.

  “ Good old Mme. Pele ”—here he choked
and his face paled, and he added in a low-
er tone—“ and cursed old Mme. Pele!
The goddess of fire! Yes—good, for she
warms our bodies—evil, for she feeds upon
our souls. God! eld man, if you but un-
derstood her as do I. These last days ”—

his voice broke again, then—“ and Pele,
-Mme. Pele, the living earth rising and fall-
ing, leaping playfully, storming in diabolic
rage; gay, dull, beautiful in glowing color,
now hideously red, mouthing at these walls
that hold it in from the destruction it
might do man—the force, the living, vi-
brant force of it—seeking outlet with little
fingers of it eagerly breaking into the sun-
shine and freedom through every long-
sought weakness in the barrier the outside
cold throws over it; great flows of it now
and again seething over the crater’s mam-
moth lip and seeking to find far fields; or
baffled, falling deep, deep, deep back into
the unfathomed depths of Halemaumau,
back to the comforting bosom of Mme.
Pele, back for fiery food, and new vigor,
and greater reenforcement for the next vast
attempt. Alive, man? Alive? And you
can call it bally rot, what these wise old
natives think—-what they believe. I tell
you, friend of mine, that had we, too,
dwelt as long as they beneath the glow
of Kilauea, beneath the rule of Mme. Pele,
we, too, might hold some strange beliefs.

  “ Look below you at those natives—even
now they make sacrifice to Pele, for last
night she made her power felt; last night
came her warning even as the kahuna de-
clared it would, even as the kahuna swore
she had told him as he slept—warning
that she was about to rise, to summon all
her fires, all her terrors, and all her di-
abolic hosts of hissing gas, and liquid flame,
and vast torturing floods of the molten
flesh and bone of earth, and sweep with
godlike avenging power over the fair lands
and villages and cities below, that once
more can she say: ‘ Behold, how little is
man; what conceit hath he in the puny
forces he controls; what pride in the pue-
rile destruction he makes in far countries;
how vain are the intricate labors with which
he builds in this—while I, with but a sin-
gle day of silent use of fire, can destroy a
civilization, can erect a new land.’ Thus
did the kahuna declare Mme. Pele had
spoken in his ear, my friend—and thus it
may well be.”

  Rhodes paused, breathless.

  I stared at him in unbelief—then turned
to the worshipers.
304

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  The natives, perhaps a hundred strong,
were gathered on the windward side of the
fiery pit in a curved line not a dozen feet
from the sharp, cut edge of the crater.
The lava pool was now within as many
feet, too, of fhe brink, and was in slow
motion, the leathery, heat-hazed, surface
lead colored, heaving gently, corrugating-
ly and folding, as it spiraled below the
cliffs. None of the molten fluid was vis-
ible save, where the tough scum met these
jaggedly rising walls, and there, as usual,
the liquid lava constantly and hungrily
lapped, lapped at the crumbling rock, bit
off huge chunks of it, swallowed them bod-
ily and lapped, lapped, lapped, and
mouthed and chewed for more—insatiable
was Pele’s appetite.

  The stuff was alive!

  A sudden chanting arose from the group
of worshipers, and with the rhythm of the
song their bodies moved in unison. One
old fellow who seemed to be the leader
tore off all his clothing but a cincture about
the loins, and led the chanting and the
dance. Faster and faster the time arose,
wilder and wilder the antics and gyrations
of the dancers became, until finally they
went suddenly into frenzy.

  I heard Rhodes, gazing spellbsund beside
me, gasp as the madness increased.

  And when the leader seized the pile of
his clothing and advanced to the very lip of
the crater’s maw, stood there a moment with
eyes upcast, then threw the lot of it into
the mass beneath him, my companion mut-
tered:

  “ Good old kahuna. That ’11 help—
that ’11 help.”

  And he pointed to the natives, who by
now were all casting into the mouth of the
pit small articles they valued—seed chains,
poa pots, mettfl rings, and ornaments saved
from the old days of the whaler settlements.
I gripped Rhodes’s arm.

  “ Is it sacrifice?” I whispered.

  “ To Pele! ” he whispered breathlessly—
“ to Mme. Pele. That kahuna has brought
them here—the prophecy, the earthquake.'’
My friend paused a moment, then mut-
tered: “ God! If I only could help—could
stop the trouble—could prevent—”

  He seized my arm convulsively.

  “ Look—look, man, for God’s sake—the
pit—the pit!”

  I turned from the natives—and froze
stiffly. For the level of the lava had risen
half-way to the jagged crust of the verge—
and before my eyes, with a silent menace
that was diabolical, was swiftly rising still
—but a few scant feet and the margin
would be reached and the fiery stuff rush
over upon us.

  For a space I stared, hypnotized.

  Death in the most horrible form con-
fronted us, for the crusted lip of the crater
was, but for a few jagged bluffs, the highest
part of the volcano. Should that steadily
rising mass of molten fire reach the lip no
power of man’s could prevent us and those
simple worshipers from falling its victims.

I looked about me, and dimly heard Rhodes
shouting to the Kanakas, and saw him mo-
tioning desperately for them to run back
while the chance for life still remained.

  They, too, seemed as dazed as I at the
sudden rise of the lava, hypnotized by the
terrible menace of its motion.

  The kahuna, by his frantic gesticulation,'
was evidently exhorting them to stay; and
he seized treasures from the heap before
him and cast them into the mass to appease
the angry spirit of Kilauea. Rhodes con-
tinued to wildly wave, and his voice was
already hoarse from pleading with them to
retreat. Then, suddenly, like sheep, they
bolted for the little ridge by which they
had come—daring not to cross the slightly
lower swale toward-us.

  They were safe, and I breathed a sigh
of relief and turned to seek our own re-
treat. Then I heard a cry that seemed
racked from the souls of men—and I turned
about again.

  Rhodes, beside me, pale as death, ex-
claimed harshly:

  “ They’re cut off—a flow has broken over
the edge just beyond that turn—they’ll
have to risk it this way!”

  And then he shouted again—and by now
the level of the stuff was lapping at the very
rim, and our clothes beginning to smoke.

  “This way—this way!” he cried.

“ Your only chance—this—” And then he
interjected some words in the Hawaiian
tongue of which I knew nothing, and had
THE VOLCANOLOGIST.

305

never known him to know anything before.
Then: “ Cross the low place—for God’s
sake, don’t hesitate—come—come! Ah,
God, it’s too late—too late! ”

CHAPTER VI.

THE LAP OF PELE.

IT was, indeed, too late. For even as the
flock was teetering in hesitation, the lip
was reached, and a wild, eager, seething
mass hissed triumphantly over the swale.

  A shivering wail arose. The natives were
cut off on both sides by spreading rivers of
molten rock, gorgeous glowing streams
which, the veritable arms and fingers of
Mme. Pele herself, sought out every nook,
every crevice, every fissure. As we stood,
half-dazed, the mass in the pit arose higher
and higher, and the flood over the rim be-
came deeper and widened hungrily, and the
living mass of it arose about the little islet
of higher lava on which the little group of
erstwhile worshipers pitifully huddled.

  The kahuna, his back to the creeping
death, still exhorted his flock to pray, to
sacrifice. Wildly he shouted, frantically,
he tore off chains from his flock, hair orna-
ments, clothing, and cast them into the
seething torrent. Vainly he raised his arms
to the crater and cried out to Pele to hold
back the horror that crept upon them, that
so eagerly devoured with flaming tongues
the sacrifices they had made, ta stay the
torture that even now the half-naked as-
semblage was beginning to feel.

  A curse gritted at my side, and Rhodes
megaphoned his hands and pleaded frantic-
ally with them.

  “Sacrifice, you fools!” he cried. “All
—all—all you have—you, there, with that
purse in your hand—throw it to Pele—
throw it to Pele! Fools, is it worth more
than your life? Will you burn in that hell
of fire before you give that money? Sacri-
fice—and Pele will hear your prayers—give
—give—give—all—all!”

  Madly the Kanakas stripped. Great
chunks of the cliff beside them fell off, eaten
away by the blazing flood, and floated like
islands on the rushing stream. A great
hissing geyser of sulfur smoke and lava

    9	A-S

leaped a hundred feet in the air from the
center of the crater. The solid crust began
to tremble. The natives fell on their knees
on the smoking ground.

  “Pele! Pele! Pele!”

  Rhodes, pale, seized me. His breath
came more quietly. He was as death itself.

  “ There is but one way,” he cried to me,
“ but one way—Pele must be appeased and
those fools—”

  I turned on him.

, “We cannot stop that flood. Let’s get
out over that point while we can. God
help them—no man can now! ” I cried.
Rhodes’s face set.

  “ No man can save them,” he repeated.
“ You are right. N6 man can—but a god
could, or a goddess—and Pele, Mme. Pele ”
—he turned once more to the natives—
“ Give what you have left! ” he cried. “ All
—all—sacrifice—or it will be too late.”

  He turned on me savagely.

  “ There is one way left to save them,”
he muttered. “ Lead on—I’ll follow you.
One way!” he cried. “ And the fools see
it not!” He gritted his teeth. “ Nor will
I tell them, for I see now it is for me to do.
The kahuna said it when he told us of Pele’s
talk. One way—”

  His voice died away behind me, though
I could hear the gritting and scraping of
his heavy boots on the crust over which
our path to safety lay.

  A mighty wailing arose as we left, and
I covered my ^ars with my hands to keep
it out.

  Then I cried out once more:

  “ Hurry, hurry, man, hurry—the stuff
is higher and higher—and we must cross.”
There was no answer. I turned.

  Rhodes was not following me.

  He was rapidly making his way up a
steep incline that led to the highest crag
overhanging the fiery pit—a mass of hard-
ened lava that1 arose straight forty feet
above the sea of liquid fire in which Pele
dwelled. At the very tip, with his feet at
the brink itself, he paused—his coat and
hair waving in the seaward breeze, his pro-
file bending toward the center of the mass,
toward the vast geyserlike eruption that
gracefully, ponderously, and menacingly
diabolic, danced in the center.
306

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  A full minute Harrison Rhodes, man of
hard science and cold fact, stood there,
arms hanging naturally, head slightly bent,
figure erect. Then he stretched out his
arms toward that playing fountain of molt-
en stone.

  “ Pele!” he cried clearly, simply. “ Pele
—accept a final sacrifice—I am coming.
Take me, and withhold your anger, Pele—
I am yours.”

  And he forthwith flung himself from the
crag—flung himself, and hung suspended in
mid air a moment even as does an expert
diver. Then down, down—

  Involuntarily I started for him, hands
outstretched—to help to stop him. Then
involuntarily, too, and mercifully, my eyes
closed, and I fell upon my knees with my
head buried in my hands.

  How long I thus remained I do not know.
Yet when I stumbled back to that same
crag in a sobbing effort to see if something
might not be done about my friend, a
sight struck my eyes that has caused me
to wonder much since as to the exact
meaning of Harrison Rhodes’s faith.

(The

   For the flow had ceased, the playing
 fountain had fallen, and the level of the
 lava, now once more gray and leather sur-
 faced, had fallen to a vast and dizzy
 depth—the glowing lake of fire had re-
 treated—the crater was now simply a deep
 well of vast size—and, for the time at least,
 harmless.

   And when I looked across to the islet on
 which were marooned the Kanakas, the tur-
 bulent stream of liquid fire had already
 crusted over, the natives were singing once
 more; and though to me the song sounded
 more like the funeral dirge of my good
 friend, I learned afterward that it was in
 praise of and thanksgiving to the goddess
 of fire, to Mme. Pele—who had stayed her
 hand in time and saved their lives.

   I blindly found my way back to the
hotel. And the first remark of the persons
there was, how badly my trouser knees were
scorched.

   “ Had I perhaps been worshiping Mme.
 Pele?” they asked.

   And then I told them of the thing my
 friend had done,
 end.)

L. Patrick, Greene

SITUTA was a misfit. In no way did
he share the mighty heritage of his
people, the Matabele. His puny, un-
dersized body, grotesquely supported by
thin, bowed legs, was an object of derision
among the people of his kraal.

  In sterner days, when his people knew
no code save that of the survival of the fit-
test, Situta would never have reached the
age of manhood; death by strangulation
would have been his portion. Death by
strangulation—“ for no blood must be
THE GUARDIAN OF THE GATE.

307

shed, look ye, lest the scent of it be an
offense to the nostrils of the great spirits.
And may Inkoosikaas, the queen of the
heavens, keep ever this one’s soul from re-
turning to us.” But his people had grown
soft with the fruits of victory; also the
white men had passed certain womanish
laws, and Situta lived to pray often for the
death that was denied him.

  Unable to join the young men in their
strenuous sports, slow to follow the spoor,
Situta, though of an age, was unmarried.
The maidens scorned him for the -weak
thing he was, and because he had inherited
no wealth and lacked the ability to pro-
cure cattle.

  He occupied an old, dilapidated hut that
had been discarded by his father’s oldest
wife. It was always in this fashion that
he secured the wherewithal to satisfy the
hunger that was ever gnawing at his vitals
—by taking to himself what others had
cast away. He was an outcast, shunned
by the young men, or at best contemp-
tuously tolerated, forced to do the work of
maidens in payment for the food that was
grudgingly given him.

  Yet the soul of Situta was the soul of a
mighty warrior, and. he gloried in the sto-
ries the old men told of the days when
“ men were men,” and the Impis of the
king were as the sand in the river bed. He
loved to imagine that those days had come
again, picturing himself as a mighty war-
rior rising, by his prowess in battle, to be
captain of an Impi—aye even to the su-
preme council of the king. On one occa-
sion in the midst of his dreaming he was
interrupted — as often happened — by the
angry petulant tones of Selele, whose hos-
pitality he had enjoyed that day.

  “ Tcht! Thou lazy one. Thinkest thou
the spirits will cleanse the pot while ye
dream?”

  “ Woman, I can no longer stomach this
labor. I am a man, and this is the work
of maidens.”

  “ Thou a man? Art married? Where
are thy children? Where is thy head ring?
Nay, thou art no man. Thou livest only
because we women are tender of heart, de-
siring not to see a weakling such as thou
starve.”

  “ Better would it have been had my
mother strangled me at birth, as was the
custom, than I should be thus constantly
put to scorn,” he said bitterly. Then, as
one seeing a way out, he added brightly*
“ I will no longer dwell in this place. I
will go where none have ever heard of
Situta—the fool.”

  “ And where will the mighty one go and
find the people know him not? Thy fame
is great, O little one,” scoffed the woman.

  “ To the white Iakosi who dwells in the
big kraal at Plumtree. To him will I go
and seek service among his warriors.”

  “ Thou a policeman? Thou seek service
with the white man? Art altogether mad?
Well art thou named the fool.”

  “ Ye laugh, woman, but what I have said
is spoken, and the words may not be re-
called.” For a moment the woman was
overawed, and watched him in silence as
he strode away indignantly. But his gait
was so much like the strutting of a cockerel
that she forgot her momentary awe and
burst into peals of laughter.

  “ O-ho!” she cried after him. u I must
look to my babes lest they, too, are
seized with a sudden desire to become war-
riors of the white men.”

  At Plumtree Situta sought out the cap-
tain in charge of the police. Luckily no
one saw him, or he would never have been
allowed to enter the hut of the captain all
unbidden, as he did. The captain was en-
grossed in his wosk, and it was with no
little fear that Situta stood waiting to be
recognized by the white man. Yet had he
ever heard that he always dealt justly with
the people.

  The captain looked up suddenly from his
papers.

  “ Well, O man of littleness, what seek
ye.?”

  “ To enter thy service, Nkosi. To be-
come a policeman.”

  4‘ Ye must think the great white king is
hard pressed to have need of thee.”

  “ Nay, Nkosi, it is not that. For many
years have I been a thing of reproach to
all men, and I seek the service that I may
become a man.”

  The captain laughed good naturedly*
and blew three sharp blasts on a whistle,
308

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Nay, fear not,” he said, in answer to
Situta’s look of terror, “ I would but show
thee what manner of men are found worthy
to carry the spear of the great overlord.”

  Even as he spoke four police boys filed
into the hut, saluted and stood smartly at
attention.

  Situta’s spirits sank within him as he
noticed the contemptuous manner in which
the police boys eyed him. Selele had been
right, such service was not for him. These
were men, indeed; men who would have
been mighty warriors even in the days
when all men carried the spear. They tow-
ered above him as the bull towers over the
new-born calf. He had never been more
deeply conscious of his inferiority, and he
breathed a sigh of relief when the captain
dismissed them.

  “ Well, O would-be warrior?”

  “ I am answered, Nkosi, I was altogether
a fool.” He saluted clumsily and turned
warily away.

  “ Wait. As I have said, O Situta, ye
may not be one of the police boys, but—
Canst obey orders?”

  “ Yea, Nkosi. That I have done all my
life.”

  “ Then thou shalt become one of the
watchers of the fence, which is even now
being built. Thy pay will be fifteen shil-
lings a month; food will be given thee, also
a hut, blankets, and all the things neces-
sary.”

  “ And will I be clad even as these others,
and carry the stick of thunder?”

  “ A uniform of sorts, ye shall have,”
smiled the captain. “ And a gun. Now
make thy mark here, that all may be ac-
cording to custom.”

  It was with no little wonder that the
people of the Chief Radicladi had gathered
at the council place. For many days they
had watched with interest the erecting of
a stout, barbed-wire fence along the banks
of the river. For seven days’ trek in either
direction, they were told, stretched this
barrier between them and the river.

  Near the place where they were wont to
water their cattle, a gate had been let into
the fence and a hut erected near by. None
had dared ask the white man, the lord of

the fence, concerning it, for he was not a
man to be questioned lightly, and would
without doubt tell all in good time. The
fence builders, men of their own race, were
unable to solve the mystery.

  “ Know, O ye ignorant ones, the fence
is built at the command of the white chief.
Let that suffice thee,” said some. And
others:

  “ It is a magic to keep the disease from
thy cattle.” And that of course was folly,
for how, look ye, could a few strands of
the pricking wire keep the evil spirits away?
Truly, all white men are mad!

  But to-night all was to be made known
and a wave of .excitement swept through
the assembly.

  “ O Radicladi, and ye people of Radi-
cladi;—”

  “ Hush! The white Inkosi is speaking.”

  “ Ye have long questioned among thy-
selves concerning the fence which now runs
between thy village and the river. Heed
this well. Across the river, in the land of
the Mapani bush, have but lately come
many herds of buffalo. This ye well know.
Now the white men, by their magic, know
that these wild ones carry the disease that
eats up thy cattle. They are things ac-
cursed, at all times possessed by spirits of
evil.

  “ The ‘ pougan that is all belly,’ the ticks
that suck their blood, dwell in their hide,
only falling to the ground when they have
had their fill. Should these get on any
one of thy oxen, that one would die and
mayhap cause the death of all others. It
is an order, therefore, that thy cattle shall
not cross over to the other side at any
time, and to prevent their straying thither
the fence is built.”

  “ But Nkosi, how shall we water our
cattle?” interposed the chief.

  “ Have patience, the matter is not yet
all told. One comes to dwell in the hut
that was built for him—when the sun is
yet high in the heavens he will come—who
will open the gate for thee in the morning
and again at night. Only then may ye
water thy cattle. And should ye at such
times permit them to stray to the other
side, the guardian of the gate will bring
me word, and punishment will follow. That
THE GUARDIAN OF THE GATE.

309

is all. Say now, having heard, do ye un-
derstand?”

  “ Yea, Nkosi. We understand and will
obey.”

  “ That is well. I leave thee now, but
will come again in due season to receive
the report of the guardian of the gate. He
is my ears, my eyes, and my tongue. Look
ye to it.”

  The arrival of Situta at the hut by the
gate was witnessed by many of the people
of Radicladi who were idling near by. No
move of his escaped their close scrutiny,
yet to ail outward seeming they were gos-
siping among themsleves and were fully en-
grossed in the conversation. -

  As for Situta, he affected not to see them
and occupied himself in putting away the
stores that had been left him by the sup-
ply wagon. Yet withal there was a lurk-
ing fear in his heart that these people
would treat him as the people of his own
village; would come crowding round him,
holding him up to derision. Not even the
long military great coat, discarded by one
of the white troopers, which, girded in at
the waist by a rope, trailed in the ground
behind him, could altogether smother that
fear.

  A whole month’s pay, his first, he gave
for that coat. On his head was a battered
red fez, but it was clean, and the letters
B. S. N. A. P. shone like gold, as did the
brass buckles of his cartridge belt. In his
hand he carried a rifle of an obsolete type,
the bore of which was worn smooth. But
he never allowed the gun to leave his hand,
no matter how heavy the package he was
carrying; more often than not he carried it
over his shoulder at the slope. It was the
symbol of his authority, his talisman—the
symbol of the new life he was now enter-
ing upon.

  At last his stores were all piled neatly
away inside his hut, the fire lighted, and
his food cooking for the evening meal.
Nothing remained to be done. He squat-
ted on his haunches and watched the vil-
lagers furtively. They were talking loudly
now—about him, without doubt. Soon they
would come to him, call him fool and
worse, spit upon him, and deal with him
in no gentle fashion. He felt that he could

bear the suspense no longer, and was
tempted to cry out:

  “ Yes, I am here, Situta the fool. Come
and work thy will on me.”

  And still they made no move. He half
rose to his feet, determined to bring mat-
ters to an issue by going up to them. Then
he remembered his new position, the au-t
thority of it, and the dignity it gave him.
Mastering himself with an effort, he called
aloud:

  “ Hi wena, come here.”

  One of the men came slowly toward him.
“ What would ye of me, 0 man of the
gate?”

  “ I desire amasse—sour milk, to eat with
my mealie meal. Bid one of thy women
to bring me some.”

  “ It shall be done. Say now, how shall
we call thee? What is thy name?”

  Situta pondered a moment.

  “ Ye may call me Tousansic (his regi-
mental number was 1006), or, again, the
guardian of the gate. That is all. Now
tell thy woman to hasten, for I am a hun-
gered and would eat.”

  Left alone once again, Situta pondered
on the victory he had won over himself.

  “ Without doubt, the past is past. Under
the shadow of the white man’s protection
will I become a new man. Situta the fool
is no more. But who then am I?” •
Later, when the people came down to
water their cattle, Situta remained in his
hut until their patience was exhausted, and
they cried aloud for him.

  “ Open thou the gate, 0 Tousansic.”

  “ Art sleeping, or do ye desire us to see
our cattle go mad with the thirst?”

  “If ye hasten not, the oxen will break'
down the fence. Shall we then suffer the
punishment because thou art sleeping?”
Not until then did Situta come from the
hut. He yawned and stretched himself, and
made a pretense of rubbing the sleep from
his eyes.

“ Did I hear voices raised in anger?”
He drew himself erect and made play
with his rifle, calling out the orders, picked
up from the drill sergeant at Plumtree, in
a high falsetto voice.

  “ ’Shun!

  “ Stan’ at ease!
310

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ ’Shun! Wha’ you do, you big damn
fool? When I give ord’ you move like ’ell.
Nowl Should’ arm. Quick mar. Lef’, ri’,
lef’, ri’.”

  To the gate he marched, and with a great
show of ceremony unlocked it and let the
cattle through. All the time they were be-
ing watered, Situta marched sentry-go on
the bank above.

  One, Inyorka, seeking to try out the
guardian of the gate, made a pretense to
take his cattle to the other side.

  He was halted by a shrill cry from the
watcher on the bank.

  “ Hi, man of wickedness! Bring back
thy cattle to this side, or the gun will
speak to thee a message ye will well under-
stand.”

  Inyorka shamefacedly returned with his
cattle; without doubt this one, Tousansic,
was not to be trifled with. How was In-
yorka to know that the gun was not load-
ed, or that Situta had never fired a shot
and most certainly could not have hit a
mark at that distance? In some part it was
the note of authority in Situta’s voice that
he also obeyed.

  “ I did but jest, O Tousansic.”

  “ Such jests this gun of mine doth not
understand. See that ye err not again in
this way.”

  Situta’s triumph was complete, and that
night he was the one topic of conversation
in the kraal of Radicladi. His dealing with
Inyorka was specially dwelt upon.

  “ Au-a! Of a truth, the ways of the
spirits of the great-great are strange. How
is it possible, think ye, that such a man of
wisdom and stoutness of heart can be con-
tained in so little body?”

  “ The beer may be strong, yet a small
calabash will hold it.”

  “ He is in truth a great one in the coun-
cils of the white Nkosi. Remember how
the Lord of the Fence said, ‘ He is my ears,
my eyes, and my tongue.’ ”

  “ A dealer in magic is he also. Noted
ye the play he made with the gun that
speaks with a loud noise? And the charms
he made?”

  “ And when he spoke in anger, me-
thought it was the cry of the eagle.”

  “Aie! He is indeed a man,” said In-

yorka. “ Look ye, I could take him in
these two hands of mine and have broken
him over my knee. Yet ye saw how I
obeyed his voice and went not across the
river with the cattle.”

  “ Yea, truly, we saw that.”

  So the days sped by happily for Situta,
for at last he was accepted as a man among
men. His slightest commands were obeyed,
and the people consulted him in all mat-
ters concerning their cattle. A greater
compliment they could not have paid him,
even if they had so desired.

  Always, in the evening after the meal
hour, he would go up to the village to
share a pot of beer with the chief, and
afterward watch the dancing or the wres-
tling bouts. Sometimes, in the manner of
a novice approaching a master, the young
men would invite him to try a fall with
them.

  “ It is not meet,” he would answer them,
“ for me, who am the white man’s mouth-
piece, to ply the part of a child. Ye should
thank the spirits for that fact.” Thus did
he preserve his reputation of a mighty
fighter.

  And so Situta, glorying in his new-found
power of authority, basking in the sun of
many compliments, gained fresh confidence
every day; his carriage became more erect,
his voice took on a deeper note. Yet fear-
ing, perhaps, that his present position was
not sufficient to insure a continuance of the
respect paid him, he was wont to tell the
people fictitious stories of his prowess in
fights and in the chase, always winding up
with:

  “ And thus it was that the white man
had good cause to say: ‘ Thou, O Tous-
ansic, art cunning above all others. Thou
art the rod upon which I lean.’ ”

  The long-drawn-out “Au-a!” of amaze-
ment at the conclusion of his stories was
sufficient payment.

  Yet despite it all a fear always lurked
within him—a fear that some one who knew
him in other days would come to Radi-
cladi’s kraal. That he knew full well
would mean his downfall.

  As day by day slipped away this fear
became less insistent, until finally it was
only a faint gnawing at his vitals, and
THE GUARDIAN OF THE GATE.

311

could be easily silenced by describing some
particularly bold deed of his to the people.

   Besides his duties at the gate, Situta had
also to patrol the fence, to keep it in re-
pair, and to report any signs of the dread-
ed buffalo. On alternate days he went
north and south, a half day’s trek each
way, meeting a man from the neighboring
cattle-guard hut. Leaving just after the
morning watering,, he always returned in
time to open the gate again at night. While
on such trips his actions would have caused
no little wonder to an observer.

  Now he would run at his topmost speed,
then halting suddenly would crawl on his
belly for a considerable distance, taking
advantage of every bit of cover. Anon he
would take careful aim with his rifle and
squeeze the trigger, leap to his feet, and
run crying exultantly:

  “ Ye little thought what manner of man
ye went against. Now, evil one, thy spirit,
hath passed on to the land of desolation,
and there is none to mourn thee.”

  One day, on returning from his patrol,
elated at the news that the captain would
inspect his post on the morrow, it seemed
to him that the people who were awaiting
his coming at the gate looked at him con-
temptuously. Some even snickered as he
went through the drill with his gun.

  When he had closed the gate for the
night, and all had departed, he pondered
over the impressions he had got.

  “ Yet it could not have been that they
were scornful of me, or that I was the
cause of their mirth. Without doubt Se-
gamba, the merry-maker, was among them.
Yes, that was all.”

  Up at the village that night no welcom-
ing shouts greeted his appearance, and he
was conscious of many curious glances lev-
eled at him as he took his accustomed seat
near the chief. He looked expectantly at
the pot of beer the chief held in his hands,
but Radicladi did not offer it to him, nor
in any way show that he was aware of
Situta’s presence. He coughed, ill at ease,
then decided to plunge straightway into
such a story as would dispel this feeling of
uncertainty.

“ Have I ever told ye, 0 men of Rad-
icladi, in what manner I slew Silwane the

lion, having only a hunting knife in my
hand?”

  “ Cease thy babbling, boaster,” said
Radicladi.

  “ What mean ye?” Situta spoke bravely,
but an icy fear clutched at his heart.

  “ Junva, a man of thy village, passed
through my kraal to-day. Dost desire to
know more?”

  So the blow had fallen, junva had al-
ways been foremost among the scoffers in
those other days. How far off those days
were, and yet how near! Junva had told
these people—what had he not told them?

  Situta’s first impulse was to flee the
place, but was he not in the service of the
white lord who had said, “ Can ye obey an
order?” and he had replied “ Yea.” At
this place he had been ordered to “ Stay
until relieved.” There was no way out.

  “ Well, O chief, what said Junva that
concerns Tousansic?”

 “ Nay. Why bandy names? We know
thee now for what ye are—Situta. Situta
the fool. We know that ye have lied to us
in all things; art a man of little worth, fit-
only to consort with the maidens, never
having been admitted to the manhood of
thy village.

  “ All that ye have told us are lies. No
warrior thou, never have ye followed the
hunting trail, but have been ever content
with the food scorned by dogs—dog that
ye are. To us ye came, thy belly full of
lies, and crawled into our huts like a snake.
Ah! Thou a rod upon which the white
man leans? Look ye to it that the rod doth
not lean on thee!”

  “ Now get ye gone from my village, un-
less perchance the maidens will make a
place for thee around their fire.”

  “ Thy words are harsh, O chief. In
some part they are true, yet go ye only on
the word of one who was ever my enemy.
And wilt 'thou pass judgment on me now
for what, I was? Thou wert once a child,
but now is there one to say that Radicladi
the chief is a child?”	,

  “ This is no matter for words. Thou
wert Situta the fool. That ye cannot
change. For the rest, would ye have me go
to thy friends for thy character? Where
then are they?”
312

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Bear with me a while longer. To-mor-
row the white Nkosi comes to this place.
Do ye and all thy people come down to the
but and mark how the white man deals
with me. Then, then shall ye pass judg-
ment.”

  “ It will be to thy greater shame, but so
much will I grant thee. Until then thou
art still Tousansic. Now tell us how ye
slew the lion.” The chief spoke sarcas-
tically.

  “ Nay, I must return to my hut to make
ready for the coming of the white man.”

  Situta walked briskly away until well
out of sight of the people at the council
place. Then his head sunk between his
shoulders, and his whole form drooped.
He was well aware that it would be impos-
sible for him to stay at this place unless he
were content to stay always at his own hut
>—never going up to the village.

  Even so, could he face boldly the taunts
and mocking jeers that would be leveled at
him? He would be once more a thing
scorned, a stone whereon the young men
would sharpen their wits. No, that he
could not bear.

  Why had he challenged the people to
witness his treatment at the hands of the
white man? True, he had dealt kindly
with him at Plumtree, but Situta knew that
he could not possibly hope for any demon-
stration that would give color to his foolish
boast that he was the rod on which the
white man leaned.

  The landscape was alight with the soft
radiance of the moon, and his shadow went
ever before him, distorted and of gigantic
proportions. Anon the moon passed be-
hind a cloud and his shadow was no more.

  “Ai-e!” he murmured bitterly. “It is
even so with me. I became big, by the
shadow of my lies. The truth comes, and
lo! I am shorn of my power.”

  A puff adder slowly crossed his path. He
nearly trod on it, but the reptile made no
attempt to strike him.

  “ It is true, I am scorned by all things.
Even death will have none of me.”

  The sun was high in the heavens when
a cloud of dust in the distance heralded
the coming of the white Nkosi. Situta,
safe in the protection of his hut, was first

made aware of his approach by the mur-
murs of the vast concourse of people who
had gathered about the gate to witness his
discomfiture.

  “ Ah, the Nkosi is coming.”

  “ Now shall we see this boaster abased.”
“ It will be great sport, though in truth
there is no need for this further proof. See-
ing the man, how is it possible that he
could have done all whereof he boasted?”
“ And his voice, brother, is it not like
the cackling of a hen?”

  Situta still remained in his hut—for he
dared not face the eyes of the people—lis-
tening intently to their words—listening
though he would fain have closed his ears.
“ A fool he is and as weak as a maiden.”
“ Yea, and a coward. Remember ye
that time he bade me turn back from
crossing the river, how his voice quavered
with fear? And that despite that he car-
ried the stick that kills from afar.”

  “ That was the voice of Nyorka,” mused
Situta. “ Yet he obeyed my voice.”

  “ Sauka bona, Radicladi. Sauka bona
abanlu coinim.”

  “ Ai-e! Good day to thee also, Nkosi.”
Situta shrank back into a corner of his
hut. The white man was here, and the
time of reckoning was at hand.

  “ Where, O ye people, is Situta, the
guardian of the gate?”

  “ In the hut, Nkosi. Did you mark that
brother? He called him Situta.”

All hope of further concealment having
vanished, Situta resolved to put a brave
face on the matter, came out of the hut
quickly and came smartly to the salute.
“ I await thy orders, Nkosi.”

  “ What make ye here? Why are ye not
on patrol?”

  “ I stayed, Nkosi, to welcome thee at
this place.”

  “ Thy orders were to patrol the fence
every day; is this how ye obey, fool?
While ye were idling here the fence was
broken yonder. Now come with me, O
thou man of little worth.” To Radicladi
he said: “ I will return, 0 chief, when the
fence is mended, and will hold court in the
council place.”

  Wheeling his horse he set off at a hand
gallop back along the fence.
THE GUARDIAN OF THE GATE.

313

  Situta, heavily laden with coils of barbed
wire, nails, and hammer, his rifle slung
across his shoulder, made a great attempt
to keep up with him, but was soon forced
to slow down to a walk, the jeers of the
people ringing in his ears. When he came
to the break in the fence he found the
white man had dismounted and was scan-
ning the ground eagerly.

  “ Come hither, Situta, and tell me what
ye see.”

  “ A herd of Impala were feeding here,
Nkosi. Yonder stood the bull, the lord of
the herd. Of a sudden he was affrighted—
see ye how he pawed the ground, thus
giving the alarm. Then they all fled, the
first dashing into the fence, where they fell
as ye can plainly see. The spoor is plain.”
“ Thou art not altogether a fool. Now
what frightened them? The ground is
hard and I cannot read the spoor.”

  In ever-widening circles Situta cast
about for the further evidence which would
make the cause of the fright clear. After
a while he gave an exclamation of dis-
covery.

  “ I have found it, Nkosi. Here by the
bush, Silwane, the lion, crouched, making
ready to spring.”

  “ How long since, think ye?”

  “ In my judgment, but a little while after
sunrise.”

  “ Um! And it is not yet twelve o’clock.
What think ye? Where is the lion?”

  “ See ye, Nkosi, the strong one made a
kill. Here is the blood, and note how he
dragged the buck. Without doubt he is
near by, resting close to his kill during the
heat of the day.”

  Excitement had conquered any fear Si-
tuta might have had when he first noted
the lion’s spoor. Besides, was not the
white man with him?

  “ Come, then, we will follow the spoor.
Lead on.”	,

  The veldt hereabouts was barren of
trees, but here and there were large clumps
of reeds and tall grasses, which all made
potential hiding places of the lion, so they
walked warily.

  “ Nkosi,” Situta whispered excitedly,
pointing to a clump just in front of them,
“ Silwane is there.”

  “ Good. Load thy rifle—ye know how
—and should I fail, ye will kill him.”

  How often Situta had imagined just
such a situation, and now face to face with
it, his fingers shook so that he could scarce
take the cartridges from his belt.

  The captain threw a large pebble into
the grasses, another, and another. Then,
as though in answer to such rude sum-
mons, like an arrow from the bow, a splen-
did body leaped from the cover, a tawny
thing of concentrated death.

  Dropping to one knee the captain fired,
but the shot was too high, just missing the
brain, and before he could fire again the
lion was upon him, sending him headlong.

  No bullet could arrest such a charge in
mid air. Hunter and hunted lay in a hud-
dled heap. The lion rose and stood over
the man, for a moment still stunned by
the bullet, but as the temporary paralysis
wore off, and the pain—that hot flame that
seared him—began to assert itself, he
lashed his tail in anger and turned the cap-
tain over and over with his paw.

  Meanwhile the white man, well versed
in the ways of the big cats, kept perfectly
still, shielding his face with his arms. He
knew that Situta was his only chance. So
far the lion was regarding him as a curi-
osity; had not even unsheathed his paws,
uncertain what to do with him.

  As for Sitata, his heart had turned to
water within him. He desired to run. Yet
fear—and something else—kept him from
doing so. The great white Nkosi had
failed, how then could he hope to succeed?

  This was the end. At least he would
die with the white man. “ To accompany
such a one to the land of the great-great is
a thing greatly to be desired,” he mur-
mured. But what was it the white man
had said?

  “ If I fail, then ye will shoot. My life
will be in thy hands.”

  That was an order.

  He walked cautiously up to the lion.
Once the beast looked up from the “ cat-
and-mouse ” game he was playing and
snarled fiercely at Situta, who stopped
dead in his tracks, only to move on again,
inch by inch, when the lion turned his at-
tention to the white man once more.
314

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Now he was quite dose. He held his
rifle almost up to the lion’s ear, shut his
eyes, and pressed the trigger.

  The big cat walked slowly away from
the white man, and lay down in the shade
of the reeds close by. A nervous twitch or
two, and all was over.

  joyfully Situta helped the white man to
his feet—unhurt save for a few bruises.

  “ Thou hast played the man this day,

O	Situta. Nay, thou shalt be called Situta
no longer, but Silwane, for thou hast a lion
heart. Speak now, what shall be given to
such a one as a reward?”

  “ The name thou hast given me is all
sufficient, Nkosi.”

  “ Why, what mean ye?”

  Silwane told his story, falteringly at
first, then as he saw how sympathetic the
white man was, with ever-growing confi-
dence.

  “ And so, Nkosi, they found out that I
was but a fool, a liar, and a boaster. In
no way was I the red upon which ye
leaned.”

  At the council place the people were
awaiting the coming of the white Nkosi
to hold court. When he came they were
astounded to see Situta walking at bis
right hand.

  “He is going to hold him to trial,” the
whisper went round.

  But no. The white man took the seat

©f judgment that had been prepared for
him. and just behind and a little to the
right stood the guardian of the gate.

  “ Radicladi,” began the white man,
“ the fence is yet unmended. I have con-
sidered the matter, and it is not meet for
a lion-killer to do such work. Send, there-
fore, some of thy young men to repair the
fence.

  “ Ye look astounded. Know ye that
Inkoosikaas. the queen of the heavens, re-
gards this one with favor. He is at all
parts a man. And ye, ye and thy people,
have seen fit to make a mock of him.

  “ Near to the break in the fence thy
young men will find the body of a lion that
this one killed, thus saving me from his
jaws. They shall take the skin and give
it to this one. His name is Silwane, the
Lion.

  “ I tell ye that he is the rod whereon I
lean. Mark well, then, how ye deal with
him, and be slew at all times to judge too
hastily. The way of the great-great is
not always plain.”

  That night a great feast was held in the
village of Radicladi. In the seat of honor
sat Silwane, his feet resting on a magnifi-
cent lion skin.

  The young men danced the story of the
kill. The name of the hunter was cried
aloud:

  “ Silwane!”

U	U	U

THE DRAFT

BY CLINTON SCOLLARD

/"NYER the rim of the world
The sun lifts up:

      And lo! there’s the joy of life
      For man to sup—

     A golden draft to drain from a golden cup!

     Under the rim of the world
     The sun dips down;

     And where is the joy of life
     That was once its crown?

     Never again that draft for the king or clown!
L

 Raredall Parrish.

Author of ” The Strange Case oi Cavendish,” " The Devil’s Own,” " When Wilderness Was King,” etc.

CHAPTER XXI.

A SHOT IN THE DARK.

SHE stood clutching him tightly, both
staring in startled fear out through the
open door into the dim light of the
front room. There could be no doubt of
who was approaching the cabin, and there
was no possible way of escape. The whole
situation flashed through Shelby’s mind—if
Macldin was alone he could handle him;
yet there was danger that the man might
shoot, and the report be overheard by
others. Then, again, he might not be alone.
It was better to make sure first, and then
act. But how?

  A possibility occurred to him—it was
dark within that second room; he could slip
back into the corner, and remain concealed;
perhaps the fellow would talk, would reveal
his plans; at least, once at his ease, he could
be made the victim of surprise. But would
Olga play the part necessary?

  “ Can you act?” he whispered hastily;
“ we must fool that fellow.”

  “ Act! I will try. How do you mean?
What am I to do?”

  “ Make him talk. Let him think you are
all right; above all, keep him from sus-
picioning that I am either here, or even
alive.”

  “ But how can I ”—breathlessly—“ with
the door unbarred, and those dead men?
He will know something has gone wrong.”

  “ Tell him they fought and killed each
other, but that first they unbarred the door.
You found them there, and dragged the
bodies under the bench. You dared not go
away; you were afraid. Make up some
story. There he is now! ”

  He left her, frightened and dismayed by
this sudden emergency, and sprang back
into the darkest corner, crouching against
the log wall. Slagin’s revolver in his hand,
Shelby was willing enough to fight it out,
eager indeed to come to grips with the fel-
low, but perhaps there might be a better
way—one which make clear their future.
If she would only induce him to reveal his
plans, gain his confidence.

  He could see her there in the dim light
bending forward and listening, a slender,
girlish figure. Then the outer door crashed
open, letting in a flood of light from with-
out, and a step'sounded heavily on the floor.
The young woman straightened up, the
clear profile of her face revealed. Somehow
Shelby knew she had braced herself for the
contest. Macklin must have stopped just
within the door, staring about him in
uncertainty.

  “ What the hell is up here?” he burst
forth angrily, confused by the gloom.
“ Sam, where are you?”

   Who is Sam?” she asked quietly, and
taking a step forward. “ Is that the name
of the Indian you left on guard?”

  He gazed at her open-mouthed, for the

This story began in the All-Story Weekly for September 6.

3i5
316

ALL-STORY WEEKLY*

moment too astonished to even find speech.
Her presence, but more still her calmness,
seemed to fairly paralyze his faculties.

  “ What,” he stammered finally, “ why,
what are you doing out here? Who opened
that door? Where is the damned red snake,
anyway?”

  “ I do not know very much more than
you do,” she replied quietly. “ There was a
fight out here some time during the night,
and the bar across the door was knocked
down.”

  “ A fight! Who were they?”

  “ A white man and the guard. They were
both killed. The bodies are there beneath
that bench.”

  “ Both—both killed!” He seemed unable
to grasp the fact. “ Who was the white
man?”

  “ I do not know.”

  “ And you did not even run away—
didn’t try to escape?”

  “ Where could I go?” she asked. “ What
was there for me to do but wait for you to
return?”

  “Well, if this don’t beat hell!” he ex-
claimed. “ Why, I thought you was afraid
of me. You ain’t, hey?”

  “ No; I—I don’t think I am. You were
not rough with me, and—and you said you
would have something interesting to tell me
when you got back.”

  Macklin laughed, evidently relieved. She
had spoken as a child might whose curiosity
had been aroused. No doubt she appeared
to the fellow suddenly in a new light.

   “Oh, I see, my girl; you’ve been thinking
this over, have you, and decided I might
not be quite so bad after all. I thought
maybe you’d get over that tantrum after
a while, fer shucks. I knew that feller
Shelby was nothin’ to you. You just mar-
ried him ter git away from Ponca, didn’t
yer?”

  “ Yes,” she admitted, “ that was about
all.”

  “ So, now he’s dead, he don’t cut no ice
arty more.”

  “ But are you sure he’s dead?”

  “ Sure”—sneeringly—“I don’t know how
I could be no surer. I turned the cuss over,
an’ he was cold then. You don’t need,worry
none about that. Wait a minute till I see

who the guy was what tried to break in
here.”

  She had advanced into the outer room,
and Shelby edged cautiously along the wall
to get as closely behind as possible without
exposing himself. He could hear Macklin
cross the room and jerk the blanket from
off the bodies. The fellow gave utterance
to an oath of astonishment at the sight
revealed.

  “ My God! did you ever see anything
like that? Locked together like two stags.
Hell! Sam was shot, but he got the white
guy even after he was dead. Damn me, if
it ain’t Hank Slagin! Now, what the hell
does that mean? I reckon Hanley sent the
galoot in here. That comes from spillin’
things when yer drunk. Say, that guy
didn’t say nothin’ to you, did he?”

  “ I never saw him.”

  “ But the bar was taken down.”

  “ It must have been knocked down dur-
ing the fight. I didn’t know the door was
open until later.”

  “ Then that’s all right; only you an’ I
have got to get out of here. I’ll tell you
about it as quick as I can. I didn t go to
Gerlasche; that’s why I’m back here so
soon, an’ it’s damn lucky I come. It’s plain
enough Hanley’s got his eyes on you, an’
will double-cross me if he once gits a
chance.”

  “ What is it you mean? I do not under-
stand.”

   “ Naturally yer don’t, seein’ I ain’t told
yer nothin’. But now that I know yer ain’t
pining away over that feller Shelby, I
reckon the sensible thing fer me to do is
ter talk straight. There’s goin’ ter be hell
to pay in this valley before long, and the
sooner we get out of here the better. I run
across a soldier ’bout half-way ter Gerlasche,
an’ he give me a pointer that made me
wheel about, an’ ride back. He was carry-
ing despatches.”

  “ The Indian outbreak?”

  “ Sure; the troops got in an’ rounded
most of the Sioux up. They had a fight at
Wounded Knee, over yonder, an’ licked hell
out of the reds. Some of ’em got away,
though, an’ come trailin’ west—-mostly
young ones, I reckon, an’ now they’re
sendin’ cavalry out ter ride ’em down.
COMRADES OF PERIL.

317

That’s what he was after, a bunch to come
scoutin’ in through here.”

  “ Here? Wolves’ Hole?”

  “ More ’n likely; he didn’t say nothin’
’bout that. But they’re mighty liable ter
call. Some of those soldier guys must know
this place, an’ the valley is full of reds right
now a hidin’ out. There is goin’ to be one
hell of a fight if a bunch of them soldiers
ever drop in here; believe me, I’m fer gettin’
out while the goin’s good. That’s what I
come back for—to get you and skip.”

  “ To—to get me?”

  “ Of course. I’ll tell yer about it now,
an’ you’ll go, all right. I thought maybe
you wouldn’t the way you acted before, but
now you seem to have got some sense.
That’s what I like in a girl. I reckon you
never thought I run off with you ’cause I
loved you?”

  “ No—you—you loved me?”

  “ That’s the way of it. I saw you long
before that funeral down to Ponca; but this
guy Shelby horned in ’fore I was ready to
act. Then I got a chance to go out ’long
with him to herd steers,” he laughed scorn-
fully. “ But just the same I knew how
things was; I could see that plain enough
ridin’ along behind. You didn’t care noth-
in’ for him; not a tinker’s dam. So I says
to myself: then I’ll have her; I’ll take her
whether she wants me or not. Long as she
don’t love him, I’ll make her love me, see?
Course I didn’t aim to do no killin’; that
was just an accident like, an’ I didn’t do it
nohow. It was Sam here who got gay and
beaned Shelby. All I told him to do was to
knock the fellow out, so we’d get a good
start on the trail.”

  “ But what would you do with me if—if
he had been alive?”

  “ There ain’t no use discussin’ that, fer
he ain’t alive. It’s what I want ter do now
that counts. Maybe I had a plan then, an’
maybe I didn’t. But now I got it all
planned up proper. I’m a goin’ ter marry
you. An’ that goes, whether yer are willin’
or not; I ain’t even askin’ you.”

  The expression of her face must have
brought the fellow a realization that per-
haps he was going altogether too fast, for
he broke in with an explanation.

  “ See here, now, don’t get huffy. I ain’t

no Western roughneck for you to be
ashamed of. I belong down East in ol’
Virginia, an’ we got money to bum. That’s
straight goods. My real name ain’t Mack-
lin at all; it’s Churchill. You’ll have things
mighty soft after you marry me; a darn
sight different from that Cottonwood ranch.
Anyhow, young lady, I mean business, an’
just as soon as Indian Joe gets down here
with some horses, we’re a goin’ ter start.”

  “ For where?” her voice trembling in spite
of every effort at self-control.

  “ To Gerlasche first; there’s a preacher
there, an’ then on to God’s country just as
fast as the train will take us. That’s my
program, an’ let me tell you, I’ll be damn
glad ter git away from Injuns, Mexes, an’
the rest o’ this rotten outfit. No, you wait;
that will be Indian Joe cornin’ now.” „

  The door between the two rooms had
closed partially, yielding doubtless to some
faint draft of air, so that Shtlby ventured
to survey the scene through the narrow
crack near the hinges. Matters were be-
coming so complicated he was at his wit’s
end. This sudden resolve of Macklin to
immediately flee the valley and take Olga
along with him, overturned his every hope
of their escape. He had delayed too long,
and perhaps it had been a mistake to advise
the girl to thus appear friendly to this brute.
The egotism of the fellow had at once taken
everything for granted. Now, instead of
being confronted by the Kid alone, he must
also face Laud, if he would prevent her
being carried away the second time. The
situation had become desperate.

  He could see the girl standing pressed
dose to the wall, the light from the broken
window on her face, her eyes anxiously
watchful of the movements of Macklin,
who had turned and was fronting the outer
door, one hand resting in readiness on the
butt of his .45. Then that opening was
shadowed, and the bulky figure of the
squaw man suddenly appeared. He stopped
on the threshold blinking into the gloom,
barely able to distinguish for a moment the
outlines of the two. His first utterance was
full of ill-humor.

  “ Well, I got your message, and am here,”
he said roughly. “ What the hell is up,
Macklin?”
318

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Everything is, from all I hear,” was
the short reply. “ Your Indians are licked
already, ain’t they?”

  “ Yes; I expected that; I told them how
it would be.”

  “To be sure you did, but you never
thought every runaway buck would make
for this Hole. But they have; and you
know what that means, I reckon. They will
be smoked out sooner or later. Do you
want to stay, and be smoked out with ’em?”
Laud gave utterance to an oath, but
otherwise did not speak. Macklin gave him
little opportunity.

  “ Now I’m for getting out of here now—
to-night, Joe. I don’t intend being caught
in this net; an’ you are a damned fool if
you don’t feel in the same way. There is a
chance now to make it, but to-morrow may
be too late. *How about your cattle?”

  “ I sent them into the bad lands.”
  Macklin laughed.

  “ That proves what you think about it.
All right, then; we’ll ride out together. Got
three horses out there?”

  “ Yes, and a pack; that’s what the Indian
told me to bring. The w»man going along?”
“ Sure she is. Hell, we’ve fixed things
all up. We’re goin’ to get married over at
Gerlasche. I’m aimin’ ter take you along
for best man.”

  Laud evidenced his surprise and incre-
dulity with a grunt, and a swift glance at
the silent girl, shrinking back against the
wall.

  “ What about Pancha?” he asked diyly.
“That little devil! Pooh! When she
learns about it I’ll be east of the Missouri.
She’s all right for a Mex, but this time I
mean business, Joe. Don’t you forget it;
I’m playin’ for big stakes, an’ there don’t
no Pancha stand in my way. What’s the
matter with you, anyhow?”

  “ Well, I ain’t so sure you’re goin’ ter git
off so scott free,” returned Laud slowly.
“ There’s something happened here while
you was away I don’t just like the looks of.
There’s a fellow been in here huntin’ you;
an’ I reckon he must be here yet—least-
ways, I don’t know how the cuss could have
got out.”

  “ A man—hunting me? You’re dream-
in’.”

  “ No, I ain’t. The fellow joined my
outfit up on the mesa yesterday—sorter big
fellow with light hair an’ a smooth face.
He put up quite a spiel, an’ claimed his
name was Churchill. I didn’t more ’n half
believe him, but not knowin’ what was up,
I let the cuss drift in along with us. I
thought if he was all right it wouldn’t do no
harm; while if he was a liar, we’d soon find
it out, an’ could attend to the case. I aimed
to see you as soon as we got in; but, hell,
you had skipped, while Hanley, who might
have knowed something, was up at the cove.
I sent Juan after him, for by that time I
was sure the guy was some damn spy. The
hoss he was ridin’ had the same brand of
them cattle I drove in.”

  “ The same brand? What brand?”

  “ The three stars; they come from Shel-
by’s ranch up on the Cottonwood.”

  “ Hell! A big fellow you said, with light
hair and smooth face?”

  “ That’s him; grayish-blue eyes, an’ rides
like a cavalryman. I never saw the galoot
before, but I wa’n’t goin’ to take no chances,
so I got his gun and locked him up.”

  “ mere?”

  “ In that cell room in ViBemont’s cabin.”
  “ And he’s there yet?”

  “ No, he ain’t; that’s the trouble. Some-
how he got hold of a knife; must have it
hid on him, I reckon. Anyhow, he cut them
bars at the window, an’ wiggled through.
Damned if I see how he ever did it, a big
guy like him; but when morning come he
was sure gone.”

  “ An’ he hasn’t been caught?”

  “ Ain’t seen hide ner hair o’ him., I took
the trail soon as it was daylight, b\it he
must have stuck to the rocks an’ water. I
got a few tracks at first, but that was all.
Some guy helped him outside; there was
prints of two kinds of boots plain enough
under the window, but after that they might
just as well have gone up in the air.”

  “ Two of ’em? The other couldn’t have
been Hanley, or Slagin, could it?”

  “ How the hell do I know? I never caught
sight o’ nothin’ but the print of that boot.
I scouted up the creek; then that first bunch
o’ Indians come trailin’ in, an’ I ain’t had
no time to think about anything since, only
gettin’ my cattle out o’ here.”
COMRADES OF PERIL.

319

  “But you’ll go with us now?”

  “ For a ways, anyhow; I reckon there
ain’t nothin’ else to do; them soldiers is
bound to get there.”

  “ And the sooner we’re off the better. I’d
like to know who that guy is, but there ain’t
no time now to stay and hunt him. You
ready?”

  He wheeled and confronted the shrinking,
frightened girl, who made no reply.

  “ Well, by God! you better be. Get the
horses, Joe; I’ll fetch her along, all right.”
Shelby straightened up. In spite of the
odds, he must act now, or never. Yet,
before he could taken a step forward, a
single shot rang out sharply. He saw
Macklin fling up his arms and reel back-
ward, his body striking the half-open door
before it crashed to the floor and lay
motionless.

CHAPTER XXII.

THE FIRST SHOTS.

THE impact of Macklin’s body had
flung the door wide open, leaving
Shelby fully exposed to view. For an
instant, however, the startled and bewil-
dered Laud failed to note his revealment
against the darkness of that interior. He
had leaped back instantly to the protection
of the wall, and, gun in hand, crouched
there with eyes fixed on the broken window
opposite. Shelby was swift to take advan-
tage of his surprise. Wherever the shot
had come from, whoever had fired it, his
concealment was no longer possible. There
must be no hesitancy, no delay. He stepped
across the motionless body with weapon
flung grimly forward.

  “ Hands up, Joe! Put them up first be-
fore you turn around. Stop that! Don’t
try any tricks on me. Now stand there.
Olga!”

  “ Yes.”

  “ Take that gun out of his hand; there is
another in his belt, better get- that also.
That’s right; now come over here; you
understand firearms?”

  “Yes, of course wonderingly. “I know
how to shoot.”

  “ I imagined so;» Calkins would have

  taught you. Keep this fellow covered, and
let him have it if he makes any effort to
break away. Watch him closely while I rip
up that blanket and tie him up.”

  He left her with the gun steadily pointed
at Laud’s head, the fellow cursing, with
hands up, his angry eyes following every
movement. He was desperate, maddened
by sudden helplessness, with the sneaking
ferocity of a wolf, yet was temporarily held
motionless -jby the deadly peril. Shelby
stripped the ragged blanket from off the
dead bodies under the bench, and began
hastily to rip it apart. The black, bloated
face of Slagin stared upward, and Indian
Joe saw it for the first time, a sudden spasm
of.terror causing him to burst forth.

  “ My God! What’s that?”

  “ A little reminder, Joe,” returned Shelby
sternly. “ Life is mighty cheap around
here.”

  “ But that’s Hank Slagin.”

  “ Sure it is; he got his, an’ you’ll get
yours if you drop those hands, you cur.
Turn around now and stop talk.”

  Laud obeyed, his face ugly and threaten-
ing, and Shelby took a step closer, the strip
of blanket in his hands, his revolver thrust
back into his belt. What Indian Joe saw
will never be known; perhaps a slight
wavering in the eyes of the girl, perhaps an
instant lowering of her gun. But it was
enough; all his hate and treachery drove
him to a desperate chance. With the mad-
dened leap of a wild beast, he sprang upon
Shelby, gripped him fiercely by the throat,
and the two went headlong to the floor.

  Olga fired, but without aim, missing them
both, and dare not pull trigger again. So
tightly were the men grappled, as they
rolled back and forth in frenzied effort to
obtain mastery, Shelby, taken completely
by surprise, was at a disadvantage, his
throat crushed by sinewy hands, his loos-
ened revolver flung half across the room.
He could only struggle to break the hold of
his antagonist, rolling over and over, and
forcing the fellow’s head back with every
ounce of strength he could summon into
play.

  They were not unevenly matched, the
two—Shelby the younger, and perhaps the
stronger; but Laud, a skilled fighter, hard
320

ALL-STORY WEEKLY,

  as nails, and ready to resort to any trick.
Moreover, he knew what he had set out to
accomplish, and bent every effort to prevent
the frightened girl from getting a shot at
him. He hung on, his straining hands, like
a vise, twisting tighter and tighter Shelby’s
shirt-band, careless of any injury to himself,
so that he kept the body of the latter in
protection between him and Olga’s revolver.
Yet, with every move, every straining whirl
of their bodies, he gained an inlh nearer the
open door. He fought like an animal, sink-
ing his teeth into Shelby’s flesh, and driving
his knees into his body.

  It was silent, bitter fighting, every mus-
cle strained to the utmost, and the squaw-
man won. They knocked over the bench,
and crashed out through the partially open
door, rolling down the single step into the
weeds. Laud landed on top, his fingers Still
clutched on Shelby’s throat, the latter half
unconscious. Crazed, maddened as he was,
the one desire to escape overcame his eager-
ness to kill, and Indian Joe, cursing, struck
once at the upturned face, leaped to his feet
and plunged into the shelter of the woods.
Shelby, gasping 'painfully for breath,
scarcely yet fully realizing what had oc-
cured, lay motionless but for the quivering
of his limbs.

  Indeed he had scarcely forced open his
eyes when Olga was beside him.

  “ You—you are alive? He did not kill
you! ”

  He endeavored to smile, lifting himself
upon one elbow.

  “ No, no; I am all right,” he gasped.
u The fellow got my throat, and I couldn’t
break his hold. The treacherous hound got
me that time. You fired once?”

  “ Yes, but did not dare try it again. I
got as near as I could,” she explained swift-
ly, “ but he managed to strike me with his
foot, and knocked me down. Then you
rolled out of the door; there was no time
for me to do anything.”

  “ I know; I was a fool, and off my
guard; it is no fault of yours; I should
have taken no chances with the dog.
Where did he go?”

  “ Down there, through the weeds to the
creek; he had a horse down below.”

  “ And rode away?”

  “ I think so; I am not sure. I—I cared
for nothing then but you; I thought per-
haps he had killed you.”

  Shelby struggled to his feet, his strength
returning, although he could scarcely swal-
low, and every word he uttered pained him.

  “ That devil will be back; the Hole is
full of Indians. Our only chance is to get
away before he can gather a bunch of his
kind together.”	*

  “ Get away? Where?”

  “ Up the bluff; the place in which I hid
last night. Once safely a hundred yards
up the creek we would be out of sight, and
it will take them a while at least to find us.

I	believe the trail goes clear to the top. But
wait^ my revolver is inside the cabin.”

  He started back, and Olga followed close-
ly. Standing upon the step, and looking
down the valley, his head now above the
level of the surrounding weeds, Shelby’s
teeth clinched tightly to keep back an oath,
and his eyeis darkened.

  “ There’s no time left,” he said grimly,
pointing. “ Laud has got his gang already;
we’re sure up against it now.”

  Even as she stood beside him, straining
her neck to see, the cadence of a wild
whoop came echoing to them from the dis-
tance; they were coming across the flat,
riding straight for the cabin, and lashing
their ponies as they came.

  “ Are—are they after us?” she sobbed,
grasping his arm. “ Are—are you sure?”

  “ No doubt of it; that’s Laud a leadin’
’em. Them Injuns will do whatever he
says. Come in quick; we got to fight it out
here. I reckon there ain’t much chance,
but I’m likely to get some o’ that outfit.
Hurry, Olga; there ain’t even a minute
to lose.”

  He crashed the door shut and flung the
bar into place, then dragged forward the
heavy bench and braced it as best he could.
The interior was dark, only the little stream
of light stealing in through the hole he had
wrenched in the planking of the window,
enabling them to find their way about. He
had to feel along the floor to recover his
lost weapon, and before he could straighten
up -again the wild chorus of yells rang out
close at hand, mingled with the sound of
horses crashing recklessly through the maze
COMRADES OF PERIL.

321

of weeds—almost to the very door. Olga
had shrunk back against the side wall, and
Shelby could scarcely locate her in the
gloom. He was the fighting man now, cool
and eager.

  “ You have the two guns yet?”

  “ Yes.”

  “ Give me one of them. Probably I am
the best shot.”

  He looked straight into her eyes.

  “ You are not frightened, little girl?”

  “ Oh, yes, I am; but—but I am not going
to break down; you—you don’t need to be
afraid of me.”

  “ I’m not; I know the real thing when I
see it. You’ll stay till hell freezes over.
Only see here first—do you know who those
devils are out there?”

  “ Sioux Indians, ain’t they?”

  “ Aye, and the worst of the tribe—out-
casts, hell-hounds, and the white man with
’em is no better. There ain’t goin’ to be
no mercy in this fight. Whatever happens,
don’t you let ’em take you. Maybe they’ll
get me first, but if they do you keep a shot
in your gun. You know what I mean?”
The lines about her mouth hardened;
there was a semblance of the old sullen
look in her eyes.

  “ I know, Tom Shelby,” she said stead-
ily; “ Dad Calkins used to tell me that be-
fore I ever met you. I ain’t goin’ to be
made prisoner.”

  He gulped in his throat, his lips grim and
hard set.

  “ Maybe you’d shake hands?” he asked
doubtfully. “ Seems to me I’d rather like
it if you did.”

  “ Of course I will,” and she thrust out
both hands to him in sudden eagerness.
“ Why shouldn’t I, Tom Shelby? I like
you.”

  In the darkness she could scarcely see his
face, but she felt the grip of his fingers, and
caught the eager tremor in his voice.

  “ I sure am glad you said that,” he ad-
mitted, as helpless to express himself as a
child. “ I sorter wanted you to for—for a
long while. Hell! That’s Laud out there
now.”

  He stepped over beside the door, whip-
ping both revolvers from his belt and hold-
ing one in each hand. A small, round hole

    10	A-S

had been dug through the adobe plaster be-
tween the logs, and he bent down with his
eye to the opening. The scene revealed be-
yond was a narrow one, a little segment of
a circle, but he gained glimpse of those close
at hand.

  A tall, rangy white man with a dirty skin
and scraggling red beard was nearest at
hand; and beyond him crouched an Indian
naked to the waist, his face blackened and
chest disfigured with gaudy paint. There
were others behind these scattered out in
fan shape, but he could only make them
out indefinitely. Laud stood so close to the
door his face could not be seen, but he held
a rifle in his hands, pounding with the stock
on the wood as he angrily demanded ad-
mittance.

  “ Come on out of there, you big fool!”
he roared, maddened by the silence. “ We
saw you go back inside, and we’ve got you
this time. Come on, now; I won’t ask you
again! ”

  “ On what terms?”

  Shelby asked this more to prolong delay
than anything else. The fellows knew they
were there, and it was useless to pretend
otherwise.

  “ Terms—hell! ” and Indian Joe burst
out into a loud laugh. “ Hear the cock
crow, Hanley. We,’ll make terms when we
get hands on you, you damn sneaking spy.
Only I’ll say this, you’ll get it harder if you
hang on after we do get you—an’, by tlod!
we’ll get yer sooner or later.”

  “ We’ll take the chances, Laud, and
you’d better know the fun is not going to
be all on one side.”

  “ It won’t, hey! So yer goin’ ter fight?
All right, but there’s more o’ this outfit
cornin’, an’ yer a blamed idiot. If we can’t
git yer no other way, I reckon we can burn
yer out. Come out now—save time and
open up.”

  He struck hard and angrily with his gun-
stock, but the stout wood held. Shelby
made no answer, again bending low and
peering out through the narrow opening.
The obstinate silence must have maddened
the fellow, for he suddenly reversed his
weapon and fired. The ball crashed
through the wood, leaving a jagged hole,
and embedded itself in the solid log of a
322

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

back wall. Before the smoke blew away
Shelby replied, sighting out through the
small aperture, determined to make every
shot count.

  The nearest white man flung up his arm,
which dripped blood, grabbed it and ran;
the crouching Indian behind crumpled up
as though crushed by some sudden weight
and never moved. Laud sprang backward,
startled by the swift response from within,
the smoke swirling up between his fingers,
and Shelby let drive. Whether the speed-
ing bullet struck or missed, he never knew,
but the squaw-man gave one startled leap
into the concealment of the weeds, fell
headlong, and then went scrambling down
to the bank of the stream. It was all so
swiftly accomplished as to seem like a flash-
light picture.

  When the smoke cloud rolled away not a
figure was to be seen. Shelby stood up,
grimly smiling, and replaced the cartridges
in his weapon. The end was not yet, but
it was evident he had taught them a lesson
in caution.

  For a moment, blinded by gazing out into
the sunlight, he could see nothing clearly
about him, not even the figure of Olga. He
took a step or two back into the gloom of
the room, nearly falling over the two dead
bodies on the floor. The uncanny touch of
them against his foot gave his nerves a sud-
den shock.

  “ Where are you?” he asked.

  ‘‘ Here, by the other door. What has
happened?”

  He laughed, put at ease by the quick
response of her voice.

  “ Oh, I took pot-shot out through a hole
in the wall. I thought we might as well
start the ball, Joe was getting so gay.
Touched up two of them; now they’ll go
back and talk it over.”

  “ But they’ll be back?”

  “ Sure; the Indians will be for waiting
till night, an’ that ain’t far off. Maybe
they will, but Laud is some mad, I reckon:
the way he went down that bank was a cau-
tion. I ain’t seen nothing funnier for a long
while. What are you doing down there?”
There was a note of startled surprise in
her voice.

  “ Why, this is strange! I—I hadn't no-

ticed before; 1 was too frightened perhaps
—but come quick, Macklin’s body is not
here! It—it is gone!”

CHAPTER XXIIT.

THE ATTACK ON THE CABIN.

THERE was no sound from without, ex-
cept occasionally the echo of a distant
voice shouting. Shelby, startled by
these words, and alarmed by her agitation,
crossed the room. He could see better now,
his eyes becoming accustomed to the gloom,
while the single ray of light streaming
through the broken shutter fell directly on
the spot where the body had been previous-
ly lying on the floor. It was gone, actually
gone! As he bent over, incredulous, dis-
trusting the evidence of his own eyes, he
could perceive the stain of blood in which
the man had fallen, but that was all. There
was no sfemblance of a body there. Shelby
stared about into the dark shadows, almost
believing he dreamed; then into the dimly
revealed outlines of the girl’s face.

  “ Judas priest!” he said soberly. “ This
beats anything ever I saw. He couldn’t
have been killed, but I never saw him
twitch a muscle after he dropped. Gone!
Darn if I know what to make of it. Why,
where could he have gone to? There ain’t
but one way out from this shack, an’ he
sure didn’t go out there.”

  “ No, he couldn’t,” her voice quavering.
•' We would have seen him if he had.”

  “ Seen him! Of course we would. He
must have revived and crawled away. You
bet there ain’t no mystery about it. Dead
men ain’t movln’ around, an’ there ain’t no
angels cornin’ down to carry that cuss off.
What’s happened is he got back strength
enough to crawl. Likely he got into that
back room out o’ sight. Anyhow. I’m
goin’ to find out what’s happened. You
keep an eye at that hole in the wall yon-
der while I scout around a minute. If you
see anything movin’ in shootin’ distance,
just blaze away.”

  She went forward as he told her without
a word and stared out, yet nervously turn-
ing her head about at the slightest sound.
Shelby waited a moment, listening, and then
COMRADES OF PERIL.

323

stepped confidently forward across the
threshold of the inner door. He had no
doubt of what he would discover—Macklin,
dead or alive, outstretched on the floor.
The fellow must be there; he could have
gone nowhere else.

  The place was as black as night; a step
beyond the entrance, and he had to grope
his way blindly, unable to distinguish a sin-
gle object. There was something grim and
ghastly in feeling about with his feet for
an unseen body. Then the fellow might
still be alive, even dangerous. He stopped
at the disquieting* thought and spoke sharp-
ly into the gloom:

  “ Are you there, Macklin? Come, speak
up; nobody is going to hurt you.”

  There was no response, no movement, no
sound of a groan, no pulsing of breath. The
stillness was intense, horrible. Shelby
gripped himself and began to advance slow-
ly, guiding his passage along the wall, ex-
pecting every instant to encounter some
obstacle. His groping feet touched noth-
ing. Inch by inch, he explored the floor of
the room, the perspiration beginning to
stand in drops on his forehead. There was
no body lying there, no form of a man, ei-
ther living or dead; the place was absolute-
ly unoccupied.

  He could hardly believe this true; his
mind refused to grasp the fact; he came
back to the door dazed and unnerved.
Good God! the fellow couldn’t, have got
away; there was no means of escape, no
opening. All nature, all reasoning, told him
the man must be somewhere within the
cabin; any other thought was simply im-
possible; yet where? He had already ex-
plored every inch of surface to no result.
So bewildered and dumfounded was he be-
fore this mystery he was even startled at
the girl’s voice asking an eager question.

“ Is he there? Did you find him?”
“No; I confess I can’t make the affair
out. It certainly beats my time complete-
ly. He’s gone as though he had a pair of
wings.”

  “ But how could he get out?”

  “ That’s what I say. Everything is solid;
no human could vanish through these walls;
there isn’t a window not boarded up, and
only one door. We wasn’t outside ten min-

utes, nor ten feet away from the step. A
rat couldn’t have passed without bein’ seen.
Blamed if it don’t make me shiver, for, by
thunder, however it happened, he ain’t
here; he ain’t nowhere in this cabin. An’,”
he added, peering at the floor, “ there ain’t
no trail o’ blood to show tjiat he crawled
away; just that little pool what he laid in.”
“ Could he have got through the roof, or
the floor?”

  Shelby laughed despondently.

  “ Lord, I don’t easily see how he could;
it’s fifteen feet to them rafters, an’ no open-
ning, while, judging from outside, the floor
must rest plumb on the ground. Who shot
him, anyhow? Did you see?”

  “ Yes, I did,” she explained excitedly.
“ I was looking that way, toward where the
board was ripped off the window. I just
had a glimpse of a face behind the muzzle
of the gun. It was a woman; I am sure it
was a woman with black eyes. Then the
smoke obscured everything, and she was
gone.”

  “ A young woman with black eyes?”

  “ Yes, a girl rather, and—and pretty.”

  “ She must have been Pancha,” he ad-
mitted, struggling with the idea. “ Why,
of course, that’s all plain enough. She over-
heard what he said, and fired in mad pas-
sion.”

  “ What do you mean? What are you
talking about, this girl?”

  “ Sure; I told you about her; she helped
me escape last night. She was crazily jeal-
ous over Macklin. He had made love to
her, no doubt, and her only desire then was
to get rid of you. She thought you were
trying to get the fellow away from her, and
the only reason she helped me was because
I promised to take you away with me.”

  “ But who is she? Does she live in this
place?”

  “ She is Mexican, and is here with her
brother—a little outlaw, no doubt, knowing
no law but her own passions. She must
have been there when he boasted to Laud
that he would leave her and marry you.
It drove her crazy, and she shot.”

  “I can understand that — yes,” Olga
burst forth—“ and later she was sorry. I
believe it was she who came back and took
the body away.”
324

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ I hardly see how that theory helps
much. How could she take him?”

  “ Perhaps she may know some secret pas-
sage. There might be one underneath. It
is a puncheon floor; surely it is not impos-
sible for one block to be loosened and a
passage excavated through the earth below.
I do not know; yet in what other way could
the body have been removed?”

  Shelby shook his head gloomily, his eyes
searching the floor for any evidence, and
finding none. To all appearances, it ap-
peared smooth and solid.

  “ I don’t know,” he said. “ That idea
may be as good as any. You might take
this broken knife of mine an’ see if you can
start anything. What was goin’ on out
there?”

  “ Nothing much that I could see. There
are men hiding behind the bank of the
creek; I think they are Indians, and there
may be others off to the right in the weeds.”
“ Just a guard left there to see we don’t
get away. They’ll wait until dark and then
try to burn us out, I reckon; the bucks
don’t like my shooting. That was a rifle.”
“ Yes, the bullet struck the log.”

  He crossed over and looked out anx-
iously.

  “ I thought it might be a signal, but I
guess not. Don’t seem to be anything
moving.” He straightened up again, his
eyes surveying the room. “If we only had
two more in this outfit we might give those
devils a run for their money. The trouble
is we can’t defend only two sides, an’ they
know it; anyhow, Laud does. They’ll shoot
away here, while the rest of the bucks
comes in through the woods an’ sets things
blazin’ back yonder. I’m goin’ to haul this
bench over on that side; then you can stand
up there and shoot through that hole in the
window, while I pepper them from here in
front. We’ll make it hot while' it lasts.”
She watched him shift the bench and
then stood upon it to look out. The sun
had gone down, and the valley swam in
a purple haze. If she would utilize what
little light still remained, she must search
at once.

  “ Nothing out there?”

  “ I can see nothing moving. It is grow-
ing dark. Let me take the knife.”

  He gave it to her, and she got down upon
her knees on the floor, anxiously testing the
openings between the blocks with the bro-
ken blade. Shelby turned his head occa-
sionally, barely able to distinguish her
movements, yet felt little confidence in the
success of the effort. Still he realized this
was their last and only hope. The cabin
was undoubtedly surrounded, and would be
made an object of direct attack so soon as
it became dark enough to permit the savage
assailants to creep up closer unseen. Any
attempt at escape through the one door
would be suicidal; in all probability, in spite
of the silence and seeming loneliness of the
scene without, a dozen rifles were even then
trained on the entrance, ready to shoot
them down the instant either appeared.
And there was no other way out, unless it
might be through some secret passage exist-
ing underground. Macklin had certainly
disappeared somewhere; the vanishing of
his body was no miracle, and this theory of
how it might have been accomplished alone
appeared reasonable.

  In spite of his doubts, the man held to
a measure of hope; nothing else than this
remained which he could cling to; their only
chance lay in some such discovery. Yet
the woman, groping on her knees in the
deepening darkness, gave no sign of en-
couragement. Shelby could bear the strain
no longer in silence.

  “ Is nothing to be found?” he asked anx-
iously. “ No appearance of a trap?”

  She lifted her head, with face turned to-
ward him.

  “ Nothing that I seem able to move,” she
answered. “ 1 have found a block which
does not appear to fit as tightly as the oth-
ers; I can get the knife blade between, and
it doesn’t seem to touch any earth below,
yet the slab is immovable.”

  “ Let me try my strength.”

  He started back to join her, but at that
instant there came a sudden burst of rifle
fire without, bullets thudding into the cabin
walls, the sound punctuated by savage yells.
Shelby whirled about instantly and dropped
to his knees, with eyes peering out through
the opening between the logs. Olga also
deserted her search and climbed to her post
of defense on the bench.
COMRADES OF PERIL.

325

  The surrounding darkness enabled them
to perceive little—only the flashes of flame
cleaving the night, and occasionally the flit-
ting of a dark form in the momentary glare.
The firing was continuous and rather heavy,
yet the sound of the guns did not seem to
indicate advance. The marksmen evidently
still remained concealed beneath the pro-
tecting bank of the stream, or else skulked
in the shadow of the woods. The bullets
did no damage, generally finding billet in
the solid logs, although a few crashed
through the planking of the door. To Shel-
by the meaning was sufficiently plain; the
real danger lay, as he expected, at the rear;
all this noise was being carried on merely
to attract their attention. He called across,
unable to see his companion, but well aware
where she was.

  “ Don’t waste any shot until you see
something within range. Those fellows out
there are just plugging away blindly.
They’ll never rush this side. Keep your
eyes wide open, though. I’m going back
and try to knock off a board from that rear
window. If I can get a few shots out there
we’ll block their little game. Your-hear?”
“Yes; I think one or two are crawling
closer through those weeds.”

  “ Likely enough; young bucks who can’t
hold back; keep your eye on them, an’ let
them have it as soon as you are sure. Call
out if you need me.”

  He groped his way as far as the inner
door, helped by the almost continuous flash
of the rifles outside; he had even crossed
the threshold, his heart choking him as he
perceived a glare of red flame, already vis-
ible here and there through narrow chinks
between the logs. Perhaps he was already
too late—those devils had fired the cabin,
the licking flames even then beginning to
eat into the dry bark. He had no time in
which to act, or even think.

  Before he might venture another step
forward, Olga fired twice rapidly, the flare
of her revolver lighting up the entire in-
terior. What followed he scarcely knew;
there was a sharp cry, the crash of the
overturned bench, and the sound of a body
falling heavily on the floor. A revolver
went spinning noisily across the room, and
then all was still and black once more.

  Shelby could see nothing; only the
blurred memory of that single instant had
seared itself on his brain. She had been
shot—his wife; this girl he had learned to
love! Some stray shot from an Indian rifle,
fired blindly in the dark, had found fatal
passage through that broken shutter and
struck her down. His first helpless daze
changed into a rage for revenge, mingled
with a wild yearning that he might yet find
her alive. “ Olga!” he cried out. “Olga!”

  There was no answer, no movement. All
was black, soundless; even the rifle fire
without had ceased.

  He dropped to his knees and crept for-
ward, feeling along the floor with out-
stretched hands, dreading each instant to
touch her body. Suddenly his searching
fingers encountered an opening in the
puncheon floor.

CHAPTER XXIV.

THE BARRIER OF FLAME.

SHELBY dared not move, except to feel
downward into this mysterious open-
ing. Yet he realized instantly what
must have occurred—the miracle which)
had so swiftly disclosed this secret passage.
The girl, in falling, had dislodged the very
block in the floor she had been endeavoring
so vainly to jliscover. It had suddenly
swung downward to the heavy blow of her
body, and she had fallen with it into the
unknown darkness below. But was she
dead or alive? Had the fall stunned her?
He drew himself to the very edge, listening,
What was down there? Macklin perhaps;
the two bodies might be lying there to*
gether in a common grave. But wait—
something moved surely!

  “ Olga, speak to me!”

  He could not restrain the agony with
which he uttered the words. Frightened as
she was, dazed by the fall, scarcely con-
scious even yet, or able to actually com-
prehend what had occurred, his cry pene-
trated her mind, brought her back to life.

  “ Yes, I—I am here, Tom,” she man-
aged to say weakly.

  “ And you are not hurt?” his voice thrill-
ing now with a sudden return of hope.
326

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Oh, I—I don’t know. I cannot even
tell what has happened. I stepped back
quickly, the bench overturned, and I fell.
It is all earth around me—where am I?”

  “ In the passage beneath the cabin,” he
explained quickly. “ It has been a miracle;
your fall opened the trap. Perhaps we may
escape from these devils yet. Make room
for me to come down; the cabin is already
on fire. Is the hole deep?”

  “ Not very, I think, and there is room.”
He lowered himself, but it was not neces-
sary to drop; his feet struck the earth floor,
and, as he turned, his hands came in con-
tact with the slab still dangling, just as
it had fallen. Obeying the first impulse,
aware of a sudden outburst of red flames
somewhere above him, he forced the block
upward, back into its place, jamming it
there with all his strength, until a sharp
click convinced him the puncheon again
was securely held. They were alone, iso-
lated, in the black depths, underneath the
burning cabin, buried deep in the protect-
ing earth. He reached blindly out through
the darkness until he touched her, his fin-
gers closing convulsively on a fold of her
dress. In the sudden reaction he felt as
weak as a child, unable even to control his
speech.

  “ It was God who helped us,” he said
humbly; “ no one else could. You are sure,
Olga, you are unhurt?”

  “ 1 must be bruised, I suppose; it was
an ugly fall, and—and I really think I lost
consciousness at first. Then I seemed to
hear you call me a long ways off.”

  “ I did call you—twice; it was to the
second call you answered. 1 was wild, for
I thought you had been shot. What sort
of a place is this we are in?”

  “ I know nothing. There was light up
there, a red glare, before you closed the
trap. Is the cabin afire?”

  “Yes; those devils started it at the rear.
I could see the flames through the clinks
between the logs. It was blazing fiercely
then; now it must have reached the roof.
You can hear the wood crackle even down
here, and we must get farther back out of
the way. When the roof falls, this part of
the floor may go.”

  In spite of the increasing volume of

flames above, scarcely a glimmer of red light
succeeded in penetrating to where they
were hidden. A very slight glow found en-
trance through a narrow crack above them,
yet Shelby was compelled to learn their
immediate surroundings more by sense of
touch than sight. They were in a mere
hole scooped out from the soft earth, hard-
ly wider than the trap-door which led to it,
the other puncheons of the cabin floor rest-
ing solidly upon the ground. The trench
led to the right, sinking deeper as it ad-
vanced, and, within a foot or two, showing
evidence of an earth roof, supported by a
rude frame-work. Shelby, leading the way,
feeling his passage along inch by inch, was
suddenly halted by an earth barrier which
seemingly blocked all further progress. Two
props had fallen, and with them the weight
of earth they supported, leaving a great
pile of debris across the passage. He could
feel that it did not wholly reach the top,
leaving a space there through which it might
be possible to crawl.

  Yet what would there be beyond? Why
should they venture further at present?
Laud was outside with his Indians, the
whole scene lit up with the glare of flames.
They dare not venture to expose themselves.
Here they were beyond reach, protected
from both flames and savages. Unless some
among those assailants knew the existence
of this tunnel, or accidentally stumbled
upon its outer entrance, they could scarcely
be exposed. Even if some one or two found
their way in, this barrier of earth would
block them, and, if necessary, form the best
possible defense.

  Undoubtedly Laud’s first belief would be
that they had perished in the fire, had either
been killed, or had killed themselves rather
than be captured. He would have no rea-
son to think anything else. Before the de-
bris could be searched for evidence of their
fate, the opportunity to creep out unseen,
and get away might be far better than at
present. Confident that they had perished,
and that their charred bodies were lying in
the midst of the still-smoking embers of
the cabin, there would be no guard watch-
ing for an attempt at escape. He reached
out and grasped her hand, drawing her down
beside him.
COMRADES OF PERIL.

327

  “ What is it?” she asked in a whisper.

  “ A fall of earth nearly blocking the
passage,” he explained, “ I can see noth-
ing beyond, so the entrance must be some
distance away. I have no idea where the
tunnel leads to, and, if I did, we would
never dare creep out into the open at pres-
ent.”

  “ You—you think we had better remain
here ? ’ ’—doubtfully.

  “ Until the fire dies down; perhaps even
longer. Let them believe we died in the
cabin; then there may be some chance for
us to get away.”

  “ But they will search the ruins?”

  “ Not for some time; those logs will be
glowing embers for hours. That sounded
like the roof falling in then. It was—see!
It has crushed its way down through the
floor. There is a caldron of fire in that
hole we just left, but it can’t reach us here
—only the smoke.”

  “ Will it not show them where we have
gone?”

  “ I hope not; probably the smoking, blaz-
ing timbers will choke up the opening, leav-
ing it so filled with partly burned wood as
to conceal it entirely. Anyhow, this is our
one chance. We would be shot down merci-
lessly outside.”

  The gl&re frorr^the burning rubbish re-
vealed their faces, and the smoke began to
swirl past them in clouds, yet did not choke
the tunnel, showing there must be an open-
ing somewhere beyond to the outside. Shel-
by fastened his neckerchief over the girl’s
nose and mouth, and protected her, as well
as himself, by means of his coat. Scarcely
conscious of the action they sat thus, their
hands clasped, gazing at the leaping figures
of flame, and listening to the variety of
noises reaching their ears.

  The position, while one of brooding hor-
ror, did not apparently involve immediate
peril. The flames could not reach them,
and it was already evident that those dense
volumes of smoke, while disagreeable and
suffcating, could still be endured. But be-
ing cooped up there in that hole under
ground, unable to venture forth, choked
by the fumes, their faces smarting from the
heat, the earth walls holding them in prison,
death waiting for them whichever way they

turned, brought a strain to Olga she could
no longer combat. Impulsively she clutched
the man beside her, her head touching his
shoulder, her slender form trembling to a
sudden outburst.

  “ Don’t lose your nerve,” he whispered,
startled by her action. “ Nothing can hurt
us here.”

  “ Oh, I know; it is not that,” the words
almost a sob. “ I do not think I am really
frightened; only—I—I want to feel you
near me.”

  “ Me?” he questioned, surprised. “ Why,
I haven’t been much good so far.”

  “ Oh, but you have; you have been splen-
did. No woman could ever ask more. I
want you to know how grateful I am.”

  “ Well, I don’t just like that,” he pro-
tested. “ There ain’t no cause for you to
be grateful, so far as I can see. A man
who wouldn’t stick with his wife wouldn’t
be much.”

  “ Are you here just because of that?”

  “ Well, maybe not altogether. Of course,
I’d be here anyhow. I wouldn’t go back on
no woman who belonged to me. But you
ain’t just that exactly. I’ve somehow got
to thinkin’ a lot about you lately.”

  “ Truly?”

  “ Sure; there’s a heap o’ things happened
since we was lined up against the wall
of that shack down at Ponca. I’ve found
out more what you are than I knew then;
an’ I reckon you got a better line on me.”

  “ I—I chose you even then.”

  He laughed awkwardly.

  “ Out o’ that bunch! I don’t take that
as no great compliment. Say that was the
orniest lot o’ cattle I ever rode herd over.”
“ Oh, I don’t know,” her mood changing
into new interest. “ There were some among
them not so bad. Anyhow, I chose you.”

  “ Maybe you’re sorry since?”

  “ I am not ”—firmly. “ I nevef have been.
See here, Tom Shelby, I pretty near knew
what sort of man you was when I selected
you; your face told me that. You thought
I just took you so as to get away. Well,
maybe I did in a sense, for I would have
done almost anything to escape from that
life. But I never would have gone with
you if I hadn’t honestly liked you just the
same.”
328

ALL - STO R Y WEEKLY.

  “ You did?”

  “Yes, I did. There’s no reason I
shouldn’t say so. You said it in the cabin
there that you didn’t marry me because
you knew 1 had money—that you had no
such knowledge. Was that true?”

  “ Certainly.”

  “ Then why did you marry me?”

  His face, burning from the heat of the
near-by flames, grew redder if possible with
embarrassment. Her eyes were gazing
straight at him, insistent of an answer.

  “ Well, I ain’t exactly sure that I know.”
he admitted reluctantly. “ Maybe I sorter
sympathized with yer a bit, an’ then I got
almighty mad at the way them fellows
acted. All them things counted, 1 reckon:
but after I went back an’ talked with you
alone, somehow I naturally felt different
I—I kinder got to wantin’ you myself.”

  “ I knew you did.”

  “ You knew? But 1 never said nothing
like that.”

  “ No; yet I felt the change. 1 would
never have said yes otherwise. You thought
me indifferent, cold; but the truth is I rode
out to your ranch with you that day secret-
ly happier than I have even been in my life
before.”

  “Olga!” His hand tightened upon hers
suddenly.

  “ Yes,” she went on, her eyes now
lowered slightly, concealed beneath the long
lashes. “ I am willing to tell you now. Per-
haps we shall never get out of this place
alive, and I want to be honest with you
for once. Whatever happens I would rather
you knew.”

  “ But you cannot mean-
“ It is exactly what 1 mean, Tom. I
love you! Do you care?"

  “ Care! Why, Olga, girl, 1 have done
nothing but care. I hardly knew what it
all meant at first, the way I thought of you.
Love came to me like a strange thing. I
have led a man’s life, and I have known
few good women. Even now I cannot
wholly realize what has come to me.”

  He gathered her suddenly into his arms,
the neckerchief slipping down about her
throat.

  “ I love you! ” he whispered passionately.
“ Love you, wife of mine.”

  “ And I have given you my heart long
ago. Kiss me, Tom.”

  They sat there, closely pressed together
in that narrow space, scarcely aware any
longer of the danger at hand, eager only to
hear each other’s voices. The flames just
beyond them died down slightly, yet re-
mained red and angry, occasionally shooting
up in fiery billows, lighting their faces.
The hole beneath the trap was a mass of
embers, totally blocked with charred and
blazing wood. Above the crackle of the
flames, and the crashing of falling tim-
bers, they could distinguish the intermit-
tent crack of a rifle, and the echo of voices
calling. Shelby began to dig with one hand
at the pile of earth beside him so as to
widen the space between its summit and
the roof. The action caused his mind to
revert to the imminent peril of their situa-
tion.

  “It will be all over with before day-
light,” he said soberly, “ and that will be
our chance to get out. We can never go
the other way, for those logs will hold fire
for hours yet.”

  “ How do you suppose Macklin ever got
through there?” she questioned wonder-
ingly.

  “ That’s what bothers me. Either he
wasn't much hurt, or he^Jiad help. It is
my notion the girl brought him out in
some way. The shooting was an act of sud-
den anger, for which she was sorry the very
next moment. They may be hiding there
now, somewhere in the tunnel.”

  She lifted herself up and peered through
the opening; the glare of the flames did
not penetrate beyond the barrier of earth,
and she saw nothing but impenetratable
blackness.

  “ Shall we go, and see?”

  “ Not yet; we are safer here, until those
devils give up. You can hear their voices
yet out there.”

  They had no way of telling time, and
the hours dragged. The flames sank, but
the glow of the coals remained, and the
litter of charred logs, occasionally flaring
into tiny spits of fire. The sound of firing
had entirely ceased, and the shouts of voices
died away one after the other. The}' had
been very close at one time, as though the
COMRADES OF PERIL.

329

baffled savages were endeavoring to invade
the smouldering ruins of the cabin to learn
the fate of their victims; but the heat must
have prevented any search, for the party
drifted away, and did not return. Shelby
waited patiently, listening for the slightest
sound, but, at last, could restrain himself
no longer.

  “ I do not know how late it is,” he said
finally, “ yet it must be nearly morning.
Most of those fellows must be gone. Shall
we try our luck, little girl?”

  She put her hand silently into his.

CHAPTER XXV.

THE FUGITIVES.

HE led the way, finding little difficulty
in crawling over the mound of earth,
and Olga followed easily. The cool
darkness into , which they advanced was a
great relief, while the sense of action re-
stored their shattered nerves. No gleam
of light gave any guidance, nor was there
any evidence of immediate approach to the
mouth of the tunnel. However, it ran near-
ly straight, with the grade constantly down-
ward, and they could cautiously feel a way
forward, with hands on the earth walls.

  They encountered no further obstruction
of any kind, but suddenly reached a sharp
turn toward the left. Shelby felt his pas-
sage around the corner, aware of the pres-
sure of Olga’s fingers on his sleeve, but his
eyies could perceive nothing unusual be-
yond. He stared helplessly into a black,
soundless void. Yet, with his first step for-
ward, he came to a sudden halt.

  “ Stay where you are, sehor,” said a low
voice. “ Not a move till I speak.”

  He caught his breath quickly, scarcely
daring to set down an uplifted foot. There
was no doubt who it was that spoke out
of the darkness.

“ But I am Shelby,” he blurted forth
swiftly. “ You have no reason to fear me.”
“ Shelby! How came you here? You
found the trap? And—and is she with
you?”

  “ Yes, sehorita. An accident revealed to
us a way out. It was you then who took
Macklin away; was he not killed?”

  A moment there was silence; then she
broke out suddenly, passionately, the words
fairly falling over each other in her eager-
ness of expression.

  “ I am not afraid, Senor Shelby. No!
No! I have ze pistol in my hand. I shoot.
The dark eet make no difference, for you
are there just before me—she an’ you are
there. Listen then; I tell you what happen.
1 hate, an’ I love—see! Then I make
meestake. Mother of God! I know
not how eet was, but I shoot the man I
love. It was crazy thing; but I not keel
him; I know 1 not keel him. How I know?
Santa Marie! The good God would not
let me believe that. What could I do? I
ran away mad into the woods. I would
maybe yet save heem, but how? You know,
senor, eet was I who shoot Senor Macklin?”

  “Yes, Pancha; the lady here saw your
face.”

  “ Yes, it was I, sehor—1 who love heem.
Why should it be so? I went there not for
that—no! I tell you how it all come. Eet
was because of my brother, senor—you
know my brother, Juan Villemonte? He
dead, sehor, dead. You know how he die?
It was a quarrel with Senor Laud, an’ Senor
Hanley—they keel heem, the two against
the one. I not know what happen. I wait
in the cabin for Juan to come, but he stay
away. No one tell me till an Indian boy
came, an’ he tell. Then I know Juan is
dead, an’ I go crazy like that. I am Span-
ish, sehor; 1 hate an’ I love—then only I
hate! I would avenge my brother; I would
keel the man that keeled heem. I care only
for to do that. He was there in this cabin;
1 creep up an’ see. It was dark in there,
yet I saw his face. He could not see me,
but I aimed. Senor Macklin was there,
too, an’ the other girl, but I care not then
for them at all. I hate, an’ I see only the
one I hate. Merciful God! Whv was it
so?”

  “ You shot the wrong man?”

  “ Si, sehor. Senor Macklin, he step for-
ward quick just when I fire; he drop an’ I
run.”

  Shelby felt Olga grip him, and heard her
voice at his ear.

  “ She never heard what Macklin said;
don’t let her know.”
330

ALL-STORY WEEKLY,

  He crushed the question already on his
lips back into his throat.

“ Yes,” he said, “ I see how it happened
now. And what did you do then, Pancha?”
She was not sobbing, but her quick
breathing gave the impress in the darkness.

  “ What I do, seiior? I pray the Virgin
that I may save him. Then I remember
this passage from the ravine. How I know
eet? Juan and I, we live in the cabin a
month; ’twas then I found eet. Who made
eet I know not; but the thought come to
me, just so. 1 was underneath when you
fought, seiior; then, when you were both
outside I got heem—”

“ Macklin, you mean? He was alive?”
“ Yes, seiior, alive. Maybe he live, may-
be he die; I know not; I do what I can.
He help a little, but twice he faint. It took
long time; even I carried heem alone.”

  “ But how did you get across that cave-in
of earth?”

  “ Eet was not there; eet come later,” she
explained. “ I would go back, seiior, when
they fired the cabin, but the earth had
caved, and I could not get through.”

  “ To help us?”

  “ Si, seiior; to help you, and me. What
could I do alone? That is why I tell you;
why I talk. Eet is not for you, nor for me.
I would save heem, an’ only can it be done
if I have help. I do all I can—merciful
Mother, yes. I bind up the wound; I hold
heem while he sleep; I bring heem water
from the creek; I hide heem here in the
dark. But how I get heem out, seiior?”

  “ But why not call the others?” Shelby
asked suddenly in suspicion. “ What dan-
ger is Macklin in?”

  “You know not?”—in surprise. “He
did not say in the cabin why he came?”

  “ Who do you mean?”

  “ Senor Laud. He make no threat?”

  “ Certainly not; against whom?”

  “ Seiior Macklin. He come for that; I
know. The Indian boy told me—he an’
Hanley. They plan it all out. ’Twas be-
cause Juan would not be one with them,
they keel heem. They would hold her for
ransom; they say a man comes soon here
who would pay much; so they try to put
out of the way Seiior Macklin. ’Tis to
get her that Slagin go to the cabin; he

fail, and then Senor Laud try another way.
He not know when he come that Senor
Macklin get back. No one know.”

  Shelby smothered an oath, the whole foul
plot suddenly revealed to him in all its
hideousness. This then was what these
fiends had been planning; it was plot within *
plot; criminal against criminal. He was
blind not to have perceived the truth be-
fore; now it stood before him in all its
sheer nakedness. Macklin’s drunken boast
had brought forth its full brood; Hanley,
too brainless and cowardly to lead, had told
all he knew to Indian Joe—embellished it,
no doubt—and it was just the sort of thing
the latter was eager to get his hands into—
seemingly a safe game, with a good stake.

  The girl was helpless, already in their
power; all they needed to do was dispose
of Macklin. How this was done no one
cared; by bribery, by the knife; in the
Hole who would ever ask questions? Who
would mourn the fellow, whatever hap-
pened? And then they would have a free
hand. Shelby reached out and drew Olga
closer to him in the darkness.

  “ I understand now,” he said tersely,

“ we’ve got to fight this out together. All
right, I’m ready. What is it you want me
to do?”

  “ You will help me save heem?” the voice
from the dark asked eagerly. “ You will
not try to go away alone, senor?”

  “ No; we are in the same boat, it seems;
we’ll help each other. You trust me now,
Pancha?”

   “ Si, seiior.”

  “ Then let’s see what can be done. Can
Macklin walk?”

  “ No, seiior; I think maybe he verra bad
off; he not speak now for long time. May-
be you tell what we do for heem.”

  “ I’m afraid not, Pancha. I’ve doctored
some wounds, but I’m no expert. Where is
he lying? Oh, here.”

  He bent down in the dark, and touched
the motionless figure. The man’s flesh was
warm, from fever doubtless, and his breath-
ing was unusually heavy. His fingers sought
the man’s pulse, which showed weak, but
rapid.

  “ Where was the wound?”

  “ In the right chest, seiior”
COMRADES 01-' PERIL.

331

  “ And you have washed and bandaged
it?”

  “ Yes, senor; the best I could. ] tore up
my underskirt.”

  “ Do you know if he bled much?”

  “ Not since I found heem—no; eet was
very little. Before I think, yes; there was
a pool of blood on the floor in which he
lay.” Her voice trembled. “ You think
maybe he live, senor?”

  “ I am unable to answer that, Pancha,”
he replied soberly, rising to his feet. “ The
man is evidently hard hit, weak from loss
of blood, and in a coma now from fever.
This is no place for him. If we could get
him out into the open, bandage his wound
properly, and get a doctor to probe for the
ball, he might have a fair chance. I can
say no more than that.”

  “ A doctor! Where would there be a
doctor?”

  “ I know of none this side of Gerlasche;
an army surgeon is at the camp there; no
doubt he would come.”

  “ Gerlasche! And—and he could save
heem, senor?”

  “ He might; I can promise nothing; but
that would be the only hope.”

  “ But you will help me? You pledge
that?”

  “ I will do whatever I can,” Shelby said
earnestly. “ I hardly know how we are go-
ing to manage it. Still Macklin is not very
big, or heavy, and, while he is bound to
be a dead weight, 1 am sure I could carry
him for a while. Once outside we might
find some poles, rig up a litter, and so get
along, the three of us.”

  “ Yes,” interposed Olga sympathetically,
“ we must do that if possible. He cannot
be left to die alone in this horrible place.
1 am strong, and will help all I can. Could
we not start at once?”

  “ Just a moment. Is there an entrance
not far away, Pancha?”

  “ Not fifty feet, senor.”

  “ Then we ought to hear any firing or
shouting without. Everything seems quiet.
It must be nearly morning, and the Indians
have probably scattered, believing us
burned in the cabin. Let’s make the effort
now.”

  He sent the Mexican girl on in advance,

and lifted the unconscious Macklin upon
his back, Olga partially supporting the help-
less body. The wounded man groaned at
the first movement, but lapsed immediately
into silence again, and Shelby moved slowly
forward with his burden along the dark, nar-
row passage. It terminated in a small hole,
well protected by a covert of brush, through
which the fellow had to be drawn cau-
tiously.

  Once on the outside, under the cold gleam
of the stars, they found themselves pro-
tected by the high banks of a gully, that
turned sharply to the left, connecting with a
deeper ravine. The night was solemnly
still, with a slight glow to the sky overhead
as though day was about to dawn. The
three clustered close, and listened, but no
sound broke the stillness. Satisfied they
were not observed, Shelby again picked up
the wounded man, and, with Pancha guid-
ing, her figure barely discernible in the
gloom, slowly advanced down the depres-
sion.

  It was hard, slow work, as Shelby had to
carefully pick his way among the stones,
seeking a safe resting-place for each foot.
They must move noiselessly; the slightest,
misstep might arouse alarm, as some of the
savages might be lurking anywhere in that
darkness. Their only hope lay in the con-
fidence the Indians felt in their death with-
in the cabin. If they were assured as to
this, then they had probably scattered, will-
ing to wait until morning to search the
debris for their bodies. But this they
couldn’t know.

  As they turned into the ravine they ob-
tained a glimpse of the burned cabin. One
wall yet stood, ragged against the sky, and
there was a gleam of red embers. Occa-
sionally a gust of air sent sparks flying up-
ward, and spirals of black smoke were visi-
ble. No moving forms could be perceived,
however, about the ruins, and it was evident
the spot was still in a condition to render
exploration impossible.

  Huddled closely together in the shelter
of the rocks the fugitives stared across
the open space at the red gleam. Shelby,
clinging to his burden, felt the tightening
pressure of Olga’s hand, as she nervously
touched him. The Mexican girl had lifted
332

ALL-STORY WEEKLY,

herself upon a projecting stone, and was
searching the shadows with keen eyes.

  “ Where do we go?” he questioned, and
she instantly turned her head at the low
murmur of his voice.

  “ Up the rock trail, senor; there is no
other safe place.”

  “ So I thought. Then we must get under
cover before daylight. Dawn is not far
off, from the looks of the sky.” He paused
suddenly. “ What kind of a looking guy is
Hanley?”

  “ He tall, scrawny, red whiskers.”

  “ Then I got him; plugged the fellow
through the arm. He won’t want any more
for a while. Come, let’s move on,” he
added impatiently. “ It’s doing no good
to remain here and stare at that fire, and
it is no light load I’ve got on my back.”
The way was a rough one, strewn with
stones, but well protected by high banks
on either side. Pancha seemingly knew
every inch of it, for she advanced confident-
ly, selecting the easier path. The light from
the slowly graying sky overhead scarcely
penetrated the depths of the ravine, yet
Shelby could follow her figure, and toiled
steadily forward, bending low under his un-
conscious burden. So they came to the end
of the cleft, where it terminated at the bank
of the creek.

CHAPTER XXVI.

THE SECURITY OF THE CAVE.

THE events of the next hour remained
in Shelby’s mind more like some ter-
rible dream than a remembrance. He
was conscious of being excessively worn,
hungry, tired. His mind did not function,
yet he clung doggedly to his task, with teeth
clenched, and every muscle aching from the
effort. His load grew heavier with every
step, and at times he stumbled like a drunk-
en man through sheer weakness. Macklin
moaned once or twice, but without regain-
ing consciousness, and twice Shelby felt
compelled to lay the wounded man on the
ground, while he regained sufficient strength
to proceed. Once they endeavored to shift
the burden, Olga insisting on helping him
to bear the man. But this proved imprac-

ticable, and again Shelby shouldered the
body, and staggered blindly up-stream.

  The sky was gray, a heavy mist shroud-
ing the valley below, when they finally
attained the opening into the trail sought,
Nothing could be seen of their enemies,
and, convinced that, as yet, there was no
pursuit, the three crept breathlessly into
the shadow of the bushes, dragging the un-
conscious Macklin with them. For some
minutes Shelby lay motionless, struggling
for breath, feeling that all strength had
deserted him. He scarcely realized that
Olga had lifted his head into her lap, and
was wiping the beads of perspiration from
his face. At last, however, his eyes opened,
and he saw her bending over him. The
man’s lips broke into an effort to smile.

  “ Some soft, ain’t I, little girl?” he mut-
tered. “ But, gee, that was a pull, and I
was about all in. Where’s Pancha?”

  “ Back there, where she can look out.
Is it much further?”

  “ To the cave, you mean? Yes, it is a
hard climb yet, but we will have it easier.
I’ll be all right presently; we’ll cut some
stakes, and make a litter. No one can see
us from below, the rest of the way.”

  “ I don’t know what is the matter with
me,” he apologized, ashamed of his weak-
ness. “ Hungry and overstrained, I guess.
That was about the hardest job I ever
tackled. Maybe I ought to have left the
fellow there.”

  “Oh, no, Tom! We couldn’t do that.
The poor thing is nearly crazed.”

  “ Pancha? Yes, I know; but she’d be a
heap sight better off with the guy dead.
He has only been playing with her.”

  “ But she will not believe that. She
thinks it is all her fault, and—and she is
such a wild, passionate little thing. I would
do anything to save him for her.”

  “ There is about one chance in a thou-
sand. Still he’s just about ornery enough
to make it. We sure don’t owe him any-
thing.”

  “ I am- not certain of that,” she said
softly. “ I wonder when I would have
known my husband, but for him?”

  “ You said that almost as though you
meant it.”

  “ Do I not? What do my eyes say?”
COMRADES OF PERIL.

333

  “ They are very happy; they are not the
same eyes I saw first in Pancha.”

“ They never will be the same eyes again.
They see a very different world. I doubt if
you half believe all I confess to you now.”
“ I can scarcely realize it is true, but be-
lief is not absent.”

  The motionless girl at the end of the rock
suddenly turned her head, and glanced back
at them.

  “ Seiior, is it true that you love her—
your wife?”

  “ True; of course, Pancha. I told you
so, even before I told her.”

  “ An’ she love you?”

  “ I am Senor Shelby’s wife, Pancha,”
spoke up Olga quickly, a flush burning red
on her cheeks, “ I have no other ambition.”
“ But the money! You rich? He say
that, Senor Macklin. You not even care
for that?”

  “ Not very much—no. 1 know nothing
about it, and am perfectly content if it never
comes. You must know what I mean—you
have loved.”

  “ Yes, seiior; I have loved, and would still
love; money is nothing. Seiior—”

  “ Yes, Pancha.”

  “ I think as I lie here what it was best
to do. They stir down there. 1 cannot see
yet for the fog, but I hear sounds. Pretty
soon they will know, perhaps. Yet they
will not be able to tell what has happened.
We come here unseen; they know nothing
of me, nothing of Seiior Macklin; but they
hunt the burned cabin an’ find no bone, no
flesh. What will they do?”

  “Laud will suspect the truth; he is a
fox.”

  “ ’Tis so, perhaps; yet 1 believe we left
no trail, seiior. It was all rock an’ water;
even the Sioux cannot follow that. You
know the way now?”

  “ To the cave—yes.”

  “ It is safe. But if the seiior lives he
must have a doctor. You tell me that, and
there is but one way; I must ride.”

  Shelby straightened up, instantly grasp-
ing her purpose.

  “ You mean you will leave us here to go
on alone?”

  “ Yes, senor; it is best. They will noi
stop me; they will not know. LTnless I meet

Senor Laud there is no danger; perhaps
even he will nofesuspect, or interfere. There
are horses there, and I ride often—some-
times even up onto the mesa; no one will
care what I do. Is not that the best way,
seiior?”

  “ You are sure you can pass?”

  “ I am sure I will pass,” she said firmly.
“ I ride for hees life, seiior.”

  It was the better plan, nor could Shelby
deny the probability of its success. She was
trusted by that wild crew of white and red
renegades; she had been one of them. No
one, unless possibly it might be Laud, or
Hanley, had any reason to suspect her now.
It was a long journey to Gerlasche, too long
to be made on foot, and if the girl went with
them up the trail, every effort at rescue
would be delayed. She had chosen the one
quick course to pursue.

  “ You are right, Pancha,” he admitted.
“ We’ll get him up there some way. But
you better go now, before the fog rises.”

  “ Yes, senor.”

  She came over and knelt beside Macklin,
who was moaning slightly, his head resting
on a pillow made by Shelby’s coat. His
face appeared drawn and haggard in the
weird, gray light. As she bent over him
his eyes partially opened, but with no light
of intelligence in them; they were dull,
lusterless.

  “ Seiior, senor,” she sobbed, pressing his
hand between both her own. “ 1 am going
to ride for you.”

  Some angel of mercy must have put the
words on his lips, for certainly he knew
her not, yet faint, fitful, there came from
his lips the cry.

  “ Pancha! I want you, Pancha!”

  She must have understood, known, and
yet the comfort of that call was hers.

  She looked at him dry-eyed, motionless;
then bent and kissed his lips. Slowly, re-
gretfully she arose to her feet, and faced
them, her cheeks white.

  “ ’Tis all,” she said simply. “ Now I go.”
She vanished without a sound, gliding
through the fringe of bushes, and down the
steep bank to the protection of the creek.
Once they caught glimpse of her below, but
only to lose sight once more among the
swirling clouds of vapor which yet con-
o34

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

cealed the lower valley. They were alone,
but with their own work to do. Shelby
went at his with quiet efficiency. The
sooner they were on their way the better,
but he had already planned the easier meth-
od by which he meant to transport the
wounded man.

  Selecting two stout limbs, similar in size
and length, he ran these through the arms
of his stout corduroy jacket, binding them
into position by two cross-pieces, hastily
prepared, and lashed firmly with strips torn
from his neckerchief. Macklin was now
lifted gently onto the outspread coat, his
limbs upheld by one of the cross-bars,
and then the jacket buttoned securely about
him, forming a swinging cradle finely
adapted for the purpose. Shelby straight-
ened up, quite himself again.

  “ There, that will answer nicely,” he said
confidently. “ It is bound to be a hard
climb, but we’ll take our time to it, and
rest when we are tired. No one can see us
from below after we once pass the point
yonder.”.

  “ Is the trail up-hill all the way?” asked
the girl, her eyes searching the steep face
of the bluff.

  “ Yes, pretty sharp at times, but we’ll
manage. It follows a deep cleft through the
rocks, and once found cannot be lost. I’ll
take this end; that will give me the most
of the weight, and you lead the way; take it
slowly, and you’ll be all right.”

  They picked the litter up between them,
Olga relieved to discover how lightly, thus
distributed, her share of the burden rested
upon her. She was able to advance easily,
and pick her way among the rocks without
experiencing great discomfort. The weight
of the man’s body came far heavier upon
Shelby, but the rest and change had largely
restored his strength, and he felt no doubt
of his ability to sustain his end of the bur-
den. Unable to see just where he was plac-
ing his feet in the stony path, he stumbled
occasionally, causing the wounded man to
gioan in some sudden spasm of pain, yet
it was evident he did not suffer greatly.
The trail they followed had so impressed
itself on his memory, he recalled every turn
clearly, and could call out directions to her
in a low voice.

  “ Turn sharply to the right there; we will
have to hold the litter higher to get by
that rock; here is the only point exposed;
once in the shadow of those trees the way
is completely covered. Yes, we can move
rapidly around this point; from now on
there are rocks on both sides. Take it easy,
and if you need to rest, say so.”

  The burden grew perceptibly heavier as
they toiled upward, and several times they
put Macklin down, while they flung them-
selves on the rocks to regain breath for a
fresh effort. The altitude began to effect
Olga, her heart beating rapidly from exer-
tion, but she struggled on, determined not
to yield. Shelby, noting the whiteness of
her face, insisted on frequent periods of rest,
so that they were over an hour in attaining
the rock platform abutting on the cave.

  Getting Macklin’s helpless body over that
last high stone rampart proved to be the
most difficult task of all, and was only ac-
complished by sheer strength, Shelby hang-
ing downward, with limbs braced against
the rock, and slowly drawing the inert body
up by the muscles of his arms, assisted, to
some extent, by the efforts of the girl be-
neath. Once safely behind the cover of the
stone parapet, they lay panting with ex-
haustion.

  However, this was a bodily weariness
soon ministered unto. Shelby, refusing to
let Olga attempt any more, drew the wound-
ed man back into the greater security of the
cave, and made him as comfortable as pos-
sible. Then, although still breathing heav-
ily himself, he hastily gathered together
what food remained from his store of the
day before, and took this out to share with
her. They sat in the open, just outside
the narrow entrance to the cave, where, by
lifting their heads, they could look over the
parapet into the deep chasm of the valley.

  It had begun to snow, in large, swirling
flakes, thickly enough to blot out complete-
ly the scene beneath, leaving them perched
high above its vortex, as though they lived
in another world. The white curtain gave
them a sense of isolation, of security, which
helped immeasurably to restore their cour-
age. They were beyond all probability of
pursuit, free from immediate peril; shut off
from any discovery.
CENSORED.

335

  All that remained was to wait patiently
the return of Pancha with help. The wind
kept the platform-free from snow, hurling it
down into the deep gorge, powdering the
trail they had just traveled, and thus com-
pletely obliterating any signs of their pas-
sage. Yet the gray gloom weighed heavily
on the girl.

“ How long will it take her?” she asked.
“ Pancha? Oh, she can hardly get back
before late to-night. It is a hard ride, even
if she meets with no accident. My only
fear is she may encounter Laud.”

  “ You do not think she will attempt to
return alone?”

  “ Not if she brings the doctor. 1 said
nothing, for I did not believe it necessary.
He will never venture into this Hole without
an escort, and a reasonably strong one. 1
am hoping she encounters some party out
scouting which will make a trip to Gerlasche
unnecessary. Since the fight out yonder,
troops must be searching the bad lands for
renegade Indians. They would only be
too glad to discover some guide who would
lead them here.”

  “ But surely they know of this place.”

  “ They know of it; yes, in a way. They
possess full information as to its existence.
But to get in here is quite another matter.
Without a competent guide they might hunt
for weeks, and, if they did discover the trail
through some accident, the game would be
gone. Only a sudden dash will ever round
that outfit up; they will have to be hit
front and rear, and with no small force.”

  He looked out into the cloud of snow,
seeking vainly to penetrate the curtain.

  “ The Lord only knows how many savage
devils there are down there now,” he said
soberly. “ I don’t think there was much
of a bunch when I first came in—mostly
white outlaws, cattle-thieves, and scum of
that kind; but, since the fight, Indians have
been coming, a slue of ’em, young bucks
who got away. They’ll be desperate and
crazed. What was that? That noise?”

  “ It came from the cave. Perhaps it was
Macklin.”

  They were both upon their feet, startled
by the strange sound. Shelby bent down
and crept in through the entrance.

TO BE CONCLUDED NEXT WEEK. Don’t forget this magazine is issued weekly, and
that you will get the conclusion of this story without waiting a month.

Diana and Morris Turlo

CENSOR 163 did not like his job. It
was bad enough that a leg, broken
by football, kept him out of active
service; but to sit at a desk doing woman’s
work was adding insult to injury. Heads
of departments, however, are seldom open
to conviction; and 163 was kept on his job.

At first, he had hailed the change from
pure routine work, which he had been doing,

with enthusiasm. At least, he thought, he
would experience the glory of war at second
hand; and he pictured himself, a welcome
guest, retailing incidents and events spiced
with the real flavor of gunpowder and the
added interest of mystery. “ Of course,” he.
fancied himself saying, “ I can’t tell the
place where it happened or the name of the
boat, but—” and he saw his auditors nod-
336

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

ding approval and hanging on his words in
breathless suspense.

   His first morning’s work brought the rude
realization that it was outgoing mail he was
to handle—letters from the land of peace
and prosperity to those in the service
abroad. The news contained was purely
personal and the only knowledge he gained
was that of the eternal monotony of human
nature.

   After a week’s work he subdivided all let-
ters, mentally, into “ male ” and “ female ”
classes. The former, written by members
of either sex, were in the minority. They
were brief, but usually required a lot of
censoring, for they persisted in giving the
whereabouts of “ good old Bill and the
Sixty-first,” or stating well-authenticated
rumors about peace negotiations and the
end of the war. The female class he sub-
divided into “ mothers’, sweethearts’, or
wives’ ” letters, and could easily place them
by certain stereotyped phrases that they al-
ways contained.

  The first asked solicitously about food
and underwear, and—“ My darling boy,
w'ho darns your socks?” The second had
usually some sort of an apology to himself.
“ I know the censor will see this, but no
censor in the world will keep me from telling
you how much I love you.” And then,
casually tucked away somewhere near the
end: “Are the French girls so very pretty?”
The wives’ letters told of purely domestic
adventures and were the most drearily
monotonous of all.

  So 163 was righteously indignant at the
departmental injustice that hid his light
under the bushel of red tape and kept a
man of initiative at a task that any fool
could fill. One day, out of a clear sky,
came a letter—so different from the rest;
so clear and refreshing in tone that, despite
the ennui that comes from repletion, 163
found time to read it again and envy the
lucky fellow to whom it was sent.

   It began:

My dearest Better Half:

   Yes, I had my bad quarter of an hour yester-
day when your train pulled out. Everything
looked black and gloomy when I left the station,
and for five minutes I didn’t love God, and the
birds sang awful. All of a sudden I remembered
the little package you tucked in my hand at the

last moment, and I opened it, to find your dear
old face smiling up at me. I never could resist
your smile, so I smiled back through my tears.
Then the sun came out; and the birds sang; and
I shrugged my shoulders and said aloud, “ C’est
la guerre," to the amazement of the station porter,
who, I am sure, would have called a Bellevue
ambulance had I lingered longer in his vicinity.
So I powdered my nose and pursued my way in
-peace.

   Here was a change from the eternal same-
 ness of things. He had just come to the
 conclusion that all human beings lived and
 thought just alike and there was nothing
 new under the sun, when, from out of the
 mass of innane correspondence which sur-
 rounded him, this letter appeared. He read
 it again; examined the handwriting—clear,
 legible, bold; looked at the address—“ Lieu-
 tenant C. E. Gravely.” Lucky dog! Had
 his commission and gone across. Of course,
 girls are crazy about uniforms. “ Girl!
 Why,” thought 163, “ she’s his wife. Calls
 him her better-half. I wonder how long
 they’ve been married?” and he fell into such
 a brown study that the man at the next desk
 asked: “What’s the matter, Dalton? Found
 a new cipher code?” Dalton only shook his
 head and sighed.

   That week brought two more letters in
 the same tone. One gave a sprightly de-
 scription of a Red Cross Bazaar.

   All sorts of garnets, surely made for sur-
 vivors of the battlefield, not for the general
 public, were on display. At least, that’s how
 they looked, for they were fearfully and wonder-
 fully. fashioned. Some were evidently made for
 giants. Some looked as if they might fit the
 class of 1940 if they were called soon. One wo-
 man actually sent a sweater with one sleeve.
 Maybe she ran out of wool; but I call it carrying
 preparedness to an extreme, eh? Handkerchiefs
 as big as a postage stamp, of no earthly use to
 any one with a decent-sized cold, were sold by
 Frisky Fluff of the Follies for five dollars each.
 Men came to blows (literally and figuratively)
 over them. One old organ-grinder came in w’ith
 a new dollar bill “ to buy a liberty bomb for the
 Germans.”

   Censor Dalton smiled and then frowned
 over the following:

   Went for a long tramp yesterday, old top, all
 on my lonesome. But I made believe you were
 with me, and took the old Aqueduct Road. Do
 you remember our last hike there? The time we
 were lost—two babes in the woods—and went
 dinneriess until nightfall? Every one we met said
 the village was a quarter of a mile further on,
CENSORED.

337

 till we felt as if we were on a treadmill or chasing
 a mirage. They were the good old palm days,
 weren’t they? Now you’re treading strange
 paths, perhaps. Well, look at everything twice,
 once for yourself and once for me.

  What fellow wouldn’t like a girl like
that? Dalton pictured her—tall, slender,
athletic, so different from the writers of
those other letters. They were silly, gush-
ing schoolgirls or sentimental old maids,
most of them. “ Jolliers,” that’s what they
were. The letter in his hand, however, had
plenty of affection in it. It was warm and
alive; but there was a certain restraint, a
little reticence that only added zest to what
was really expressed. Doubtless, Gravely
could read much between the lines. At the
thought, Dalton grabbed his pencil and sav-
agely pounced on the next letter, ready to
wreck his censorial wrath on the first in-
nocuous sentence he came across.

  Three days went by with no more of
these letters, and it seemed to Dalton that
those which passed through his hands were
more deadly dreary than ever. He began
to worry lest the looked-for. blue envelope
with the uncompromising, bold chirography
had gone through some other channel. Then
he caught sight of it in the morning mail,
and the tremendous heart-beat that followed
his discovery made him pause and consider.

  “ Am I crazy,” he thought, “ going mad
over the letters of a womsr that I’ve never
seen? Most likely, she’s old and scrawny,
and—well, she’s married, anyway.”

  A censor should be a machine. Gosh!
he knew all that, but a fellow was only
human. Somehow these letters had taken a
hold on his imagination. The style was so
interesting. That is, he was interested from
a purely literary point of view. Having
thus salved his conscience, he tore open the
envelope fcnd, while the rest of the mail lay
undisturbed, he read it once—again.

Dear Old Thing:

  Of course I miss you. Mother nrsses you; the
cat misses you; but what's the use saying so?
You should have known better than to ask us if
we did, ’cause we don’t want to tell you that.
We want to tell you the news; and if there isn’t
any news. I'm going to make some up. So you
needn’t believe anything I write unless you want
to.

  I started to school again yesterday, and it cer-
tainly is good to be back on the job. One must

   ’ 11 A-S

keep busy nowadays. No time for thought, that’s
the best plan. The kids seem glad to see me
again. I have one adorable little Italian who
can't speak English. Her name, as far as 1 could
understand it, is " Kawky.” So 1 asked, in an
effort to elucidate, “What doe's mother call you?”
And she replied, “ Mam, she say, ‘Kaw-kee-ee!
you lill’ dam fool, Kaw-kee-ee!’”

  “Brave, that’s what she is!” thought
Dalton; “ grit clear through. Gone to work
and making the best of it. No, she can’t
be old. I wonder where she lives.” He
looked at the envelope and tucked in the
corner was the return address—“ M. E.
Gravely, 620 South Boulevard, Larchfield.”

  Larchfield was a little suburb not far
away. He had passed through it many
times, and he remembered its flower-hung
porches and neat trimmed lawns. Was her
home like that? He tried to picture it, and
then he began to wonder what she looked
like. Was she light or dark, tall or short?
One thing he was sure of, her eyes would
be bright and smiling. But why conjecture?
He shook his shoulders as if to shake off
the thought of her—a woman he had never
met, never could meet. But no matter what
he tried to do, Mary Gravely—her name,
her fancied face or a phrase from her letter,
would keep popping up at the most inoppor-
tune moments.

  In the days that followed the infatuation
seemed to grow. If he walked in a crowd
it was to scan each face and figure, to won-
der if she looked like that. If he heard a
cheerful laugh he wheeled and stared rudely
at the perpetrator, thinking: “ Her laugh
would sound like that.” He wanted to be
alone. He wanted to think of her. There
was no doubt about it, the woman ob-
sessed him. He began to think of her,
day and night, to dream of her, to envy the
lieutenant—almost to hate him.

  The cheerful tone of the letters continued,
even parties were mentioned.

  Only women were there, because all the men
worth while in our crowd have gone across.

  Then, one day, he ran across a bit of
jingle, invaluable for the information that it
conveyed to him:

            My hair is still red,

              My eyes are still blue,

          Best of all, my dear—

               I still love you.
338

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Now he had something definite to go on.
He stared at every red-headed woman he
met, but none of them came up to his idea
of her, and he decided that probably she
seldom came to town. One day the wild
idea of a trip to Larchfield took possession
of him. He persuaded himself that he
needed more exercise and was sick of the
city streets. He took the short-train trip
and soon found himself in the little village.
Street signs interested him strangely, and
his heart gave an inexplicable bounce when
he saw on one “ Boulevard, South.” He
glanced at numbers on the houses—“ 295 ”
he read. Then “ 297,” and, without giving
himself any reason for his preference, he
crossed the street and began walking in the
opposite direction.

  Up ran the numbers, 300—302. As they
increased so did his gait and respiration.
He passed 400—500—600. then stopped
short. There it was — 620! A quaint
little stucco house, with love-in-a-mist and
clematis climbing all over the little porch.
Just the sort of home he would have im-
agined hers to be. Then, feeling that his
standing still might be conspicuous, al-
though there were few passers-by on this
quiet Sunday afternoon, he walked to the
further end of the block, turned and slowly
retraced his steps. In passing by he scanned
the windows. They were shut and all the
blinds were drawn tight. The place had a
silent, not-at-home appearance. His heart
stood still. What could have happened?
He hurried back to town, thinking of all
sorts of horrible possibilities—sickness or
worse. He couldn’t read or eat; and when
he went to bed he tossed sleepless through
the entire night.

  Next morning he rose at daybreak, and
was in his office before the scrub-woman
had finished her matutinal job. He hung
around the corridors, smoking cigarette
after cigarette. He greeted the well-meant
inquiries of his colleagues with a curt ex-
planation of insomnia and nervousness. The
good-natured jesting that answered him
only made him the more irritable. Finally,
however, the mail was distributed; and the
next moment found him sorting it with
feverish eagerness that ceased the moment
his fingers touched the familiar blue en-

velope. He opened it quickly, and a smile
of relief covered his face as he read.

  We are going to spend every week-end with
Maude now. It will he a change for me and a
relief for mother.

  Dalton sat back and called himself a fool
and other appropriate epithets; but he was
so happy, the tension had been so great,
that he hadn’t the heart to reprove himself
for his folly. He determined, however, to
make no more trips of investigation, but to
confine his attention solely to the letters,
which surely could do no harm.

  This went on serenely for a few weeks,
and then the letter to Lieutenant Gravely
was addressed “ Base Hospital 147.” He
was ill with an attack of trench-fever and
the anguish, the longing in each line wrung
Dalton’s heart. There was a pitiful effort
to be brave, but through it all rang the
protest against separation. She wrote:

  Oh, my dearest! I'm not afraid for you. I
know you'll get well; but I want to be with you,
to sit beside you and fan you, and turn your
pillow. I know it's selfish of me, for you are
probably taken care of in a better way than mine,
but I want to be with you—oh, so much.

  The next day’s letter contained an en-
closure that Dalton would have given a
year’s salary to keep. It was the photo-
graph of a bright-faced, happy-looking girl
of about twenty, and across its back was
written: “ Your Mary’s come to keep you
company.” Thereupon Censor 163 did an
unheard of, unprofessional thing. He wrote
a letter of his own to the lieutenant, ex-
plaining that he had heard of Lieutenant
Gravely’s illness, but not saying how. He
inquired as to the officer’s health, ana com-
mended him to a friend of his who was a
physician in Base Hospital 147. Then
Dalton wrote to the doctor and asked his
special services for the sick man. After
both letters were duly stamped and mailed
he sat back, and alternately cursed himself
for a fool, and thanked his lucky stars for
the chance that enabled him to render her
a service.

  Answers came from both patient and
physician. The former contained the wel-
come and unwelcome news that he was
being invalided home.
CENSORED.

389

  “ I am leaving to-morrow and I can never
forget your kindness, my unknown friend,”
Gravely wrote.

  “ I live very near your city,” was the
superfluous information, “ and I hope that
some time you will call and enable me to
thank you in person.”

  First Dalton told himself that he had bet-
ter stay away; then, that it was churlish not
to go.

  The next day a belated letter from her
settled the question. She wrote:

   I’ll be so glad to have you back, and my heart
is jumping for joy with every beat.. I'm
so glad you were sick; gladder that you are
better; gladdest of all that you will be unfit for
service for a while, and we can be together again.
Am I a pig? No, only a fond and foolish woman.
How wonderful everything has been. Think of a
perfect stjanger being so nice to you. Who is that
Mr. Dalton? He said he had heard of you, but
did not mention the name of your mutual friend.
Anyway, I’m sure he’s very nice, and you must
see and thank him when you are home.

  On reading this, Dalton straightway
mounted to the seventh heaven of delight
until impatience brought him back to earth.
Thereafter he besieged the War Department
daily for information as to the day and hour
of Lieutenant Gravely’s return; and found
out, for the first time, how well the govern-
ment guards its secrets. No one could or
would tell him when and where transports
with wounded men were due to arrive, so he
had to draw, his own conclusions. He cal-
culated that it would take two weeks to get
over, one week for recuperation; and then
he yielded entirely, and wrote to congratu-
late the lieutenant on his return, and ask
him when he could receive visitors.

  An immediate reply showed him he W’as
welcome, but now the days dragged! Sure-
ly there were seventy days in the week and
each was forty-eight hours long till Sunday
came. Finally he stood in front of 620
S. Boulevard—and his heart failed him.
“ Journeys end in lovers’ meetings,” but his,
alas! must end in—nothing. It was the end
of a dream. The little path in front of him
led to the door of disillusionment. The odor
of the late roses seemed funereal.

  He feared his visit would lead to ques-
tions. Then must come explanations, but
no one need know of his day-dreams. He

could say how he admired Mary’s wifely de-
votion, how sorry he felt for the separation
of so devoted a couple. He’d rub that in,
so they would never suspect his ulterior
motive. So he squared his shoulders and
walked bravely to the threshold. The little
tinkle of the bell had hardly died away
when the door opened and there she stood!

  More radiant, more alive, more vivid
than his brightest dreams. Curling, red
hair, bright blue eyes, all of her radiated
vitality. His head swam. He reached for
the door-jamb and, grasping it, managed to
gasp: “ Lieutenant Gravely?”

  ■“Yes—do come in! Mr. Dalton, isn’t
it?”

  Dalton nodded.

  “ He’s expecting you,” the pleasant voice
continued. “ In here, please,” and she
opened the door.

  Mechanically Dalton hung up his hat and
followed; and then, for the second time, his
senses almost forsook him. There in a long
chair before him was a tall, very thin, young
man. Very, very thin, very pale, but—his
hair was red and curly; his eyes were blue
and bright; and, in spite of his evident
weakness, he was very much alive. He
stretched out a thin hand to Dalton and
said:

  “ Oh, Mr. Dalton, excuse my not getting
up! I’m still a bit of an invalid.” Then,
waving a hand toward her, he said: “ Meet
my sister, Miss Gravely.” Dalton’s lew re-
maining senses immediately left him, and
he could only hold tightly to the hand she
extended and stare and stare. He never
heard the pretty, grateful speech she made
to him. He stood in embarrassed silence
till Lieutenant Gravely broke in.

  “ Let him sit down, sis. I want to talk,
too. You see,” he added, “ we always want
to do the same thing at the same time,
being twins.”

  “ Yes,” laughed Mary, “ I call him my
better-half.”

  And, though Dalton was to make the
most important speech of his life in that
very room several weeks later, his first re-
mark was exactly two words, but they burst
the restraint of months and sounded in his
ears like a ptean of thanksgiving:

  “ I understand,” he said.
H. H. Grinstead

OLD JIM RUDISILL had been a
long time on the Rio Grande. He
owned a ranch of ten thousand acres
that lay in a bend on the Texas side. The
river ran west on his northern boundary
line, and farther south it turned east to
mark the southern limit of his possessions,
so that he had Mexico on three sides of
him.

  The Mexicans may have looked longingly
toward the fat cattle and swift-gaited
horses, but they had never dared make a
raid across the shifting channel. The old
ranchman was noted for his averseness to
parting with his money.

  “ No, I’ll be dadburned if I buy any
Liberty bonds!” he had exclaimed once
when approached on the subject. “ Pro-
tection, thunder! I can hold my own right
across there among the greasers—wouldn’t
care if I was on that side, if I’ve got to have
the life pestered out of me here!”

  At sundown of a day in early spring, Pink
Rogers, the ranch foreman, rode up.

  “ River’s risin’,” he announced briefly.

  “ That so?” the ranch owner queried with
little interest. “ Too late for a big rise, 1
reckon.”

  Too late or not, it was a big rise, before
dark the river was almost bank-full.

  The next morning water covered the low
ground a mile to the east of the ranch-
house, cutting its way across the neck of
land to the river where it turned back like
a horseshoe. The Rudisill ranch was on an
island!

  Before night the river began to fall, and

twenty-four hours later was almost down
to normal stage; but the new channel it had
cut across the bend remained full. Jim
Rudisill saddled his horse and rode to the
west. Here he found a huge sand-bar
blocking the old channel, down which
flowed a trickle of water that might have
been crossed at a step.

  The Rudisill ranch was in Mexico!
“Well, by heck!” Old Jim muttered.
“ It’s a fool law that makes the channel of
a river the boundary line; but I guess I
don’t care. Taxes will be lower, maybe.”
Old Jim Rudisill was at dinner three days
later when a dozen Mexican rurales rode
up to the gate. The alert captain of the
soldiers knew his business, which he kept
to himself until after he had dinner.

  “ It is the customs duty, senor,” the
officer imparted graciously, as he rolled his
after-dinner cigarette. “ You have the cat-
tle, 1 think two thousand, and of horses
perhaps a hundred. I am sent to collect the
duty that must be paid when you bring
them into Mexico.”

  " The devil and Tom Walker!” Old Jim
exploded. “ You don’t think I tried to
smuggle over a whole ranch? It ain’t my
fault if I’m in your measly old republic!”
“ It is the law, senor; I cannot say.
Your cattle and horses were in the Estados
Unidos, now they are in Mexico; the duty
must be paid.’’

  “Oh, come now!” Old Jim wheedled.
“ How about a hundred pesos for you and
the same for the alcalde? I know him—
Manuel Chaves.”
TRIBUTE.	341

  “No, senor; Chaves was a Cientifko,
and has been executed a long time now.
Remember, there is no bribery; the military
now rules—we protect you,” and the young
Mexican drew himself up proudly.

  “I am ordered to take diezmo from the
cattle and horses if the money is not paid,”
he explained.

  “ Jumpin’ Jupiter! Take a tenth for
duty? Why, confound it, I never heard of
payin’ mor-e ’n a dollar a head either way!”
“ That was when cattle were but ten
dollars a head—they are worth fifty and
more now. As to the law, it is too slow—
the military acts quickly.”

  In spite of all the threats and curses he
could utter in Spanish and English, sep-
arately and combined, Old Jim witnessed
the departure of two hundred of his fattest
beeves and at least ten of his best horses,
driven away by the shrewd young officer
and his command.

  As if adding insult to injury, the Mexican
soldiery patrolled the bank of the new river
channel every day. They allowed nothing
to be molested, but commandeered such
horses as they needed, paying the ranchman
his own price—in their worthless currency.

  For the next three weeks Jim Rudisill
fumed and cursed. He even threatened to
desert his ranch and move his cattle across
the river; but the mild-mannered official
informed him one day that by special order
the military government had forbidden the
exportation of cattle for the present.

  The river became a mere ribbon in the
broad sands; the dry season was at hand.
And one night the ranch wagon came in
with a load of supplies. Queer-looking
lumps showed in sacks of flour, while a roll
of blankets was strangely heavy.

  “ It was the willows on this bank that
started the trouble,” the foreman had con-
fided to his boss.

  So for three days the men worked, shear-
ing the growth from the bank at the turn.
Old Jim Rudisill, apparently reconciled to
his change of allegiance, began to build a
fence along the dry channel of the old river-
bed.	>

  Some of the post-holes he dug deep be-
yond reason. When the men worked late,
queer-looking bundles, as of short sticks,

wrere planted, with a cord leading outward
and hidden in the dry sand.

  Other deep holes were dug m the sand-
bar that had been cast up as a barrier to
the old channel, and they too were filled
with mysterious packages.

  The willow-brush had been weighted
down at the turn toward the new channel,
and already the sand that had drifted over;
them showed in the shallow water.

  One night when Pink Rogers unsaddled
his horse at the corral, he remarked:

   “ River’s risin’.”

  It was the summer rain, and there would
be no more than a foot of water, but it was
enough.

  In the middle of the night the rangers
at their camp ten miles up the river heard
a dull rumble that might have been taken
for distant artillery. The Mexican rurales
from the other side of die Rio Grande
raised from their blankets and listened.
Five reports they counted, then a blend as
of contending armies.

  At daylight when they cautiously ap-
proached the river, a widening stream of
muddy water coursed along the old chan-
nel, cutting its way deeper and deeper into
the soft sand, while a mountain of sand was
scattered on either side of the break that
two hundred pounds of exploding dynamite
had torn in the bar.

  Old Jim Rudisill and half a dozen cow-
boys stood on the bank and derisively in-
vited the Mexican constabulary to come
over into the land of Uncle Sam. The
east channel had been effectively blocked
by blowing off a section of the bank, and
now a new bar was rapidly filling in.

  When the sun was two hours high, seven
khaki-clad horsemen rode across from the
Texas side dry shod. A civilian accompa-
nied them.

  “ I am the deputy collector of customs
from this district, Mr. Rudisill,” the stran-
ger explained when he had dismounted.
“ I am willing to accept your inventory
of the stock you recently transferred from
Mexico to the United States, and you may
pay the import duties on that basis.”

  “ Well, I’ll be—” For once in his life,
Old Jim Rudisill longed for a cuss word
strong enough to express his feelings.
E\^ekeJ&yle, Jr.

  AS the plump Virginia matron who was
his wife hit him with the dish-towel,
*V she said in her exasperation: “ Go
’way from me, man!” Then, to astound
the powers above with this thing, she ad-
dressed the kitchen rafters. “ Thinking,”
she said, “ I have time to kiss a French-
man! ”

  The Frenchman was himself. After
twenty years the count}' still spoke of him
as the Frenchman. There was no other.
To his face he was, of course, Mr. Goslin,
although he pronounced it with another
flavor and wrote it Guesclin. Otherwise
there was not the least strangeness about
him. He was a neighbor like anybody else,
and a warmly esteemed one. He might just
as well have been a Virginian, which shows
how used to him everybody was. It was
even so eight years before, when, after
twelve years of light-hearted and prosper-
ous trucking in the rich Norfolk sand, he
married the daughter of the overlanded
farmer from whom he had rented and then
bought his first acres. The event disturbed
no sensibilities of the native born. Besides,
they had grown accustomed to the idea.
Sally Fitz-Hugh McDowell had certainly
kept him dangling long enough.

  He was dangling yet, really, so far as
concerned the thirst of his eager Gallic
heart for turbulent oceans of affection. At
twentv-seven Sallv Fitz was as stand-offish

with broom or mop as she had been at nine-
teen with fan or fish-rod, so that Mr. Gos-
lin, nearing forty now and still mellowing,
lugubriously perceived that there was a bit
of the old Scotch in Sally Fitz. To the
sunny Frenchman, ardent though forty, she
was a dour bit, holding down emotional re-
sponsiveness in her deep bosom as if it were
a paving-block. Why not a nosegay occa-
sionally, and not forever the turnips of
life? Matrimony for Mr. Goslin thus con-
tinued an adventure, so often baffling hope
while rousing it anew. He was in love with
his wife, and that’s the truth. She kept on
being desirable, and her growing ample only
made her more so. Even if there were chil-
dren ranging in size from her knees to
her waist — but they made her most so.
Those children, the symbol of — and yet
that dish-towel!

  Ah, the guile with which the poor
Frenchman must needs angle for caresses,
and then not get ’em! In the present in-
stance, for example, he came in from the
rural delivery-box with the Norfolk paper.
There was serious news, he told her. She
thought it something about the campaign
for State-wide prohibition, or maybe his last
shipment of potatoes had struck a glutted
market. But no, it was about Serbia.

  “ Serbia?” she repeated in that tone
when one does not quite catch an unfamiliar
name.
PRINCE, POTENTATE OR POTATO.

343

    “ About the killing of the Austrian crown
  prince,” he went on.

    “Oh, that!” She did remember reading
  about it. The death of their sheriff, who
  had a lingering illness, would have been
  more of a sensation. “ What you want to
  fool me for, Joe? At first I supposed one
  of the neighbors must have broken a leg
  or something. Serious news, humph!”
  Serbia, if that was the name, could be in
  the moon. No chain of circumstances was
  » possibly long enough to link it with any
  personal interest for a James River truck-
  er’s wife.

    “ The de-fickle-ty,” said Mr. Goslin
  gravely—there were a half-dozen words of
  the English that he never would get rolled
  out — “ is here. First, there is Austria,
  which attacks Serbia. Second, there is Rus-
  sia, which thereupon must fight Austria.
  Third, Germany fights Russia—”

    “ What,” ejaculated Mrs. Goslin, <l all
  that for a dead Dutchman?”

    “ No, not yet all, Sal-lee,” he hastened
  on; “ for, when Germany fights Russia,
  then instantly France—la France, ma-
  dame—”

    Sally Fitz nodded. “ No, you French-
  men wouldn’t be able to keep out of it,
  and my dish-water is getting cold. Lift
  the kettle for me, Joe.”

    “ The de-fickle-ty,” persisted Mr. Goslin
  as he poured the water, “ is that all French-
  men will have to join the colors. Yes, ma-
  dame, even I, one Joseph Guesclin. What
  else?”

    She stared at one Joseph Guesclin. Be-
  hind the thick lenses of his glasses his eyes
  would have had a dull look, except that
  habitually the pupils of them were merry
  and the very eyes of his soul. But she
  looked now in vain for the dancing light
  of fun. Then her eyes snapped warningly,
  with suspicion. Did the blessed creature
  expect her to throw herself in his arms and
  implore him not to march forth to war?
  He would betray her, would he, into a dem-
  onstration of overpowering affection?

    But Mr. Goslin knew that Sally Fitz was
  not to be taken by close-formation tactics.
  More subtle was his maneuvering.

    “ When I shall be—be gone,” he hast-
  ened on, his voice breaking the sheer real-

  ism of his fictional prophesying, “ would
  you, Sal-lee—please, Sal-lee—cover over
  the artichokes with straw in good time be-
  fore the first freeze? I—I shall not be
  here, and if—if you—”

  He was almost overcome. Besides, he
wished to note how she was taking it. If
Sally Fitz consented to bother herself with
his beloved artichokes, which she called
“ those foreign thistles,” then indeed must
Sally Fitz consumingly adore him beyond
all the dreams of his yearning. And Sally
Fitz, betrayed, outgeneraled, cornered—
Sally Fitz would shortly receive that tem-
pestuous hug to which her loving heart was
entitled. Deny, protest, and scold as she
might, also would he kiss her, would that
crafty Gaul.

  Instead — instead she said she’d heard
near about a plenty of his wild talk, and
she wanted to get to her churning.

  “ Churning? Zut!" desperately ex-
claimed Mr. Goslin. “ And of what im-
port is churning when a brave man perishes
for a kiss? But one, Sal-lee!”

  The case for Sally Fitz is now complete.
Every woman eight years married will agree
that provocation justified the dish-towel.

  “ Oh,” said Mr. Goslin, mopping his face
with one tanned forearm; “ oh, you big,
beautiful doll!”

  But she saw the wistful look behind the
thick glasses, and she felt as she did when
she had too harshly scolded one of the chil-
dren. In the motherly way of full-bosomed
mothers she hastened to humor him. She
stopped to glance at the newspaper that
was troubling him, exactly as she would
stop her work to examine the oldest boy’s
stumped toe.

  “ There’ll be seventeen million of them,
will there?” she said, snatching at a line
haphazard. “ Seventeen million men out to
kill each other!” It held her imagination
for a second. “ Pshaw, I reckon there’s
enough of them grown up to have more
sense. And about those artichokes, Joe,
which aren’t even the Jerusalem kind that
hogs ’11 eat, you’ll still be here to see to
them yourself. Seventeen million men less
one man will leave a plenty, and I hear the
children down in the apple-tree. They’ll
stuff themselves till they tumble out.”
344

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

    I go to sec,” said Mr. Goslin listlessly.
“I am already too long away from the cu-
cumbers.”

  Negro women and children were picking
the cucumbers, and negro men were pack-
ing them into splint barrels with burlap
tops, and the barrels were being hauled in
drays down to the steamboat-landing.
J. Guesclin was not a trucker who sent
garden sass to town in a one-horse wagon.
Sometimes, for a main crop, he chartered
a Baltimore or Philadelphia schooner. On
his way to the cucumbers he stopped at the
apple-tree to let the children slide down
him to the ground. For a moment each
pair of dimpled arms clung about his neck,
until he had done a grimace to make each
tot laugh, and taken toll of a kiss.

  “ Papa, go like a great big old grampus
chasin’ a mobobile.”

   So he stopped a little longer to make the
authentic noises of a grampus chasing an
automobile. Mr. Goslin’s vocal cords were
attuned to his blithe soul, and in the cause
of mirth there was no sound he could not
mimic.

  “ Papa, go like—”

  But he fled from the charge of the light
brigade. After all, his business was truck-
ing. Before he had helped load one wagon
of cucumbers, for him also Serbia might
have been vaguely somewhere on the moon.
He was a busy man.

  None the less he was at the mail-box
ahead of the carrier next morning, waiting
for his paper; and there he stood, reading
it, reading every European despatch, long
after the carrier had vanished on his way.
Overnight the head-lines had swollen heavy
and black. The heaviest and blackest ran
across the top of the sheet. It was the
flare for a news story that would still be a
world story a thousand years hence. The
editor knew that no type was big enough.
He could only use the biggest he had, which
had last done service to herald a verdict
of murder in the first degree. Aptly he
could have used that same line for this.
However, he changed it to make it read:

ARMIES MOBILIZE !

   Returning to the house, the Frenchman
left the paper with Sally Fitz without a

word and went on out. He was working
late potatoes that day, running one of the
cultivators himself. Over a small item of
news he would have been all animation.
She looked round from her dusting of the
piano-player and watched him go, puzzled
by his far-away, brooding silence. She
would much rather have him up to one of
his ridiculous shindies. Then she saw the
black letters, and she sat down and read
the paper through.

  “Goodness!” she gasped, incredulous.
“ They’re worse than Mexicans!”

  Which she wouldn’t have minded; but
it was making a difference in Joe. He was
no longer the everyday Joe Goslin, hus-
band, father, and provider. He was un-
familiarly Joseph Guesclin, a Frenchman.
She knew; he was thinking of France. It
was a time when a Frenchman would.
Something more than his family and home,
his cozy, prosperous happiness, and to-mor-
row’s sunshine, something more than the
country that gave him these, was laying a
claim on him.

   “ As if he wasn’t the identical same as
an American! ” she mused, jealously. “ But

I	ought to have made him take out his
papers long ago.”

   She had tried, but Sally Fitz wasn’t so
vehemently a reconstructed American her-
self. The daughter of old McDowell, who
had shot at Yankee gunboats from that
very river bank, wouldn’t be. Still, this
did not help her to see why a man wanted
to keep on being a Frenchman just for
some washed-out sentiment of nativity. It
was so much more understandable and
regular to be an American, like his family
and neighbors. Sally Fitz had felt herself
righteously provoked many times at his
love of his native land, and now more than
ever.

  “ Joe,” she demanded when he came in
to dinner and she saw that he was still
thousands of miles away. “ Joe, you’re not
studying about going?”

  He went on sousing his face and hands
under the spigot, and she put a hand on
his shoulder and shook him a little. “ Are
you, Joe?”

  He looked at her, blinking the water-
drops off his lashes, and something in his
PRINCE, POTENTATE OR POTATO.

345

manner or the straining of his eyes for clear
vision smote her.

  “ Joe?” she chided softly.

  His mouth twitched under the black mus-
tache, and his whole trouble came with his
words. “ That I could go!” he said.

  “ Of all things!” she ejaculated.

  “ I know,” he admitted.

  Whatever obstacles she had in mind, he
was thinking of his eyes. They had caused
his exemption from military service, so that
while yet hardly more than a boy he had
been free to leave France and track down
opportunity across the ocean. He groped
along the wall for the towel, and she put
the end of into his hand.

  “ That would be the way,” she declared.
“ Without your glasses the barn out there
is only a blur of fog to you, and as for
aiming a gun at a man, once you’d lost
or broken them—”

  “ But I could not miss,” he assured her,
whimsical in spite of his mood. “ There
will be so many millions of them—of the
Prussians—to shoot at.”

  There was one sedative, so Sally Fitz
turned to the open window and called in the
children.

  “ Yes, dinner,” she told them. “ There’s
Brunswick stew and corn on the cob—”

  “ O-oh!” went the children.

  “ And artichokes,” said Sally Fitz craft-
ily, whereupon Mr. Goslin put his hands
on his knees and went “ O-oh!”

  “March, all you kids!” ordered Sally,
leading with the soup-tureen.

  That night, however, Sally Fitz did not
sleep so well herself. The war about to be
mixed in her dreams with her father’s ac-
counts of the war that had been. War was
a vivid thing to Sally Fitz. Her father, de-
scribing an item of bloodshed, could, with-
out leaving his front porch, point out the
actual rock or scarred tree or bend in the
river where it had happened. Lime-gray
bullets and round shot were turned up in
the furrow at every plowing.

  “ Joe,” she said at breakfast, “ I dreamed
that Cossacks trampled down our melon-
patch. The scalawags came clattering out
of the woods down by the creek and com-
mandeered all my young turkeys.”

  “ They could not be Cossacks,” Mr. Gos-

lin corrected her. “ The Cossacks are our
allies.”

  Mrs. Goslin sniffed. It was apparent that
that she would not trust them with her
young turkeys.

  “ We were expecting a hostile Richmond
fleet down the river any minute to bombard
us,” she went on; “ and a North Ca’lina
battle-ship squadron was trying to get past
Old Point to meet them, and we were dig-
ging trenches with the potato-digger, and
Surry County had sent us an ultimatum
about something, and Isle of Wight
County—”

  “ Well, what were the Isle of Blighters
doing?” prompted Mr. Goslin.

  “ I don’t exactly remember. Laying
mines, I reckon, or maybe they were going
to be neutral. Seemed like somebody ought
to be neutral. Oh, dear!” she sighed.
“ But I’m certainly glad we’re not
Europe! ”

  “ It would be right discou-raging,” as-
sented Mr. Goslin, his eyes on the clock,
his mind on the mail-carrier. His whimsi-
calities were only mechanical, and Sally
gave it up.

  He walked down the drive to the road
and waited for the carrier again. Perhaps
this morning’s paper would say that every-
thing was being smoothed over. Anxiously
he hoped. His heart ached at thought of
beautiful France attacked, and he unable
to go. In the strength of his youth they
had rejected him. They wanted none of his
encumbering, useless sacrifice now. France
did not waste the blood of her sons that
way. No, he could not go; that was his
sorrow. His sorrow if he could go and did
go—but of that anguish he had not had oc-
casion to think, since France did not waste
the blood of her sons.

  A square envelope in the mail riveted
his attention before even the black head-
lines of the morning paper. It was from
the French consulate in Norfolk. With
thoughts so massed and jammed that no
one thought wholly crossed the threshold
of his brain, he tore open the envelope and
read the official sheet of paper it contained.
From the bottom he turned to the begin-
ning and read again, as if the thing were
a continuation of itself. Still no one
346

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

thought wholly entered, although there was
a hammering throb along every pulse.

  Leave all that was dearest to him in life!

  The knowledge might clutch and gripe
his heart; but no, it was no ordered fact of
the brain, yet.

  He was reading the missive for the third
time when he stopped, looked around him
dumbly, and hastened back to the house.
He entered by the front door, mumbled
something in French to Sally about an old
leather trunk being his affair, and started
up the stairs. But Sally barred his way
with an arm on the newel. She had been
watching for him, although angrily fighting
down any such foolishness as a premonition.

  “ I go to pack,” he explained vacantly,
and again in French. Not in years had
Sally heard French from his lips. She did
not understand French.

  “Joe, you’re puffing like you’d been run-
ning! Now hand over that paper.”

  But instead of the newspaper he thrust
on her the communication from the con-
sulate.

  “ Wait, Joe! You know I can’t read this
gibberish. It’s in French. What—She
twisted his sleeve between her fingers to
hold him.

  He blinked, not realizing that words of
such import could be blank and meaning-
less to another. Twice he began to tell her,
and began again, because he was not using
English. But at last she understood. Every
valid French citizen in the world between
the ages of twenty and forty-eight was
commanded to join the colors. A French
liner was leaving Baltimore the next day,
and Joseph Guesclin was instructed to take
that ship, after first reporting to the consul
in Baltimore for his transportation.

  “ I go now to pack,” said Joseph
Guesclin.

  “ Joe!”

  He turned. “Sal-lee!” But the very
sob in his throat as he embraced her was
but the grief of a man still dreaming. The
only fact to which he was awake was the
call to the colors.

  She pushed him from her, shaking him
in the robust, indulgent way she had. “ Is
the man daft?” she wanted to know.
“ Listen to me, Joe Goslin, you don’t have

to go. Who is there to make you? And,
what’s more—what’s everything—you have
no right to go!”

  “ I have yet to pack,” said Joseph
Guesclin, going up the steps.

  He took the north-bound that afternoon.
Lie broke down, of course, telling them
good-by at the station. On his knees he
strained each little Goslin—flesh of his flesh,
poignantly dear—one after another in his
arms, and again, and all together, and held
them while his heart burst; and the train
was moving when he stumbled to his feet.
Yet once more he hugged Sally, and ran,
groping for the rail of the last platform.
But not until he swung on the step and
waved his hand and the little group back
there went in the blur of his own tears, did
Joe Goslin wake up. Then, all the way to
Baltimore, late in the night, and aboard the
liner next day, and at sea most of all, Joe
Goslin kept on waking up.

  After all, it was mostly a definition of
patriotism that Mr. Goslin got straightened
out; not in words, perhaps, but certainly in
clarified mental vision. He and the French
consul at Norfolk knew each other. French-
men were not so many around there but
that the prominent ones would know one
another. Mr. Goslin—no, M. Guesclin—
always made himself acquainted with each
new consul and paid his respects. It was a
sort of wistful renewal of allegiance to the
country of his birth. However, the call to
the colors reached his address not because
the consul happened to know him. It would
have arrived in any event. That is, ever
since he had left France a boy, and in all
his wanderings after opportunity, a bureau
of the ministry of war back in Paris knew
always where he was; and at any time,
whether he was tramping through the wheat
country of Canada looking for work, or
submerged among the work-hunters of Chi-
cago, or keeping track of material at a
Mexican mining-camp, a call to the colors
would have reached his address. It made
a Frenchman feel his importance, this hav-
ing his country’s eye always on him, so
that she could appeal to him in her need.
But after a little wakeful absence of senti-
ment the thing began to deaden into an-
other phase, something grisly, uncanny.
PRINCE, POTENTATE OR POTATO.

347

That following eye ceased to be fond,
benevolent. Nay, it never had been. It
followed him, not to bestow, but to take.
Nor was it any longer France that called,
but a monster across the ocean, a famishing
monster.

  “Europe!” choked Mr. Goslin, shaking
his fist in the east. “ I say, damn Europe! ”
He did say it, exactly so, in plain English.

  Well, and so the monster was ravenous
past decency at last. Gaul, Teuton, and
Slav, wherever they were, were summoned
back to give their blood. Zut, call it la
mobilization generate, if you like!

  But it was when he peered over the stern
rail at the haze of receding shore-line that
Mr. Goslin awoke fully and for keeps. He
gazed with longing, not knowing why. The
longing grew to an ache, and still he did
not know why. This was apart from his
anguish at leaving his loved ones. Were
he a reservist in France, he would be leav-
ing his loved ones just the same. No, an
affection never before suspected stole upon
him for that land whose fading coast was
marked by the haze. But why? Strange,
it had only been a foreign country to him,
even to the last, after more than half his
life that it had nourished him. True, he
had often felt a warmth of gratitude, but
vaguely placed, as in any benign ordering
of circumstances. There he had found op-
portunity. There the joy of hard work, day
by day; joy, because of those he worked
for. Yes, Sal-lee and the little ones, there
they were, too. Mr. Goslin took off his
glasses and rubbed the end of his hand-
kerchief into a corner of each eye. With
his glasses still in his hand, he batted his
eyes, blinking at the tumbling wraves and
the white-and-green jumble of the ship’s
wake, and beyond. His gaze became fixed.
Something was different. The haze in the
west was like a hovering shroud of cannon-
smoke, and the coast-line, the coast of
America, was gone. Involuntarily his arms
trembled from his side, outstretching.

  “My country!” he spoke aloud, before
he knew.

  For a moment he was a bit nonplused.
France lay the other way, the way they
were going; but his arms were held out to
the vanished shore. Then he knew.

  Nothing was clearer now to his logical
French head—nothing. Back there he had
left the things for which men fight—aban-
doned them and the country that gave
them. He had no right to go; Sal-lee was
right about that. And no more had he the
heart to go. They were only faint tendrils
that bound him to his native land; but the
tap-root of his life, that was deep in the
new soil, and to tear it out was to leave
bleeding the shreds of his being. Generous-
ly he grieved for beautiful France in her
peril, and half his worldly goods he would
give, and later did contrive to give; but—
himself he had no right to give. He owed
himself to the country that had given him
all. And what she had given him it was his
duty to cherish and protect, whether by toil
and loving watchfulness in the sunshine of
peace, or with his life, should a storm-
tossed night of war ever come.

  Mr. Goslin in his awakened state ruefully
shook his logical head.

  “ At the least,” he meditated, “ 1 have
my pat-ri-tism on straight. Alas, but too
late—too late!”

  Five days thereafter—days, mind you!—•
Mr. Goslin came on Sally Fitz moodily
feeding her young turkeys in the poultry-
yard. He had left his trunk at the station,
and his best clothes were gray with the
Norfolk sand of the road. No neighbor
happening to be at the station, the homing
reservist had walked, buoyantly walked,
the soul of him aglow behind the thick-
glazed windows.

  Sally Fitz turned at his step, and the pan
of meal in the bend of her plump arm
clattered to the ground.

  “ Oh, my goodness!” she gasped, sobbed,
laughed. “ What’s the matter with the war
of the dead Dutchman?”

  He put his foot in the pan and hugged
her.

  After a while he was able to explain.
The third day out they had received a
wireless of the declaration of war and or-
ders to race back out of the way of German
cruisers. So the helm was shifted, and
forced draft put on, and lights put out at
night. “ And the ship entire,” said Mr.
Goslin, “ canvased over like a packing-
house ham, and all of us skippers inside,
348

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

where,” he added poetically, “ there had
been but one.”

  Sally looked up quickly. “ Oh, Joe, you
are back, really, aren’t you?”

  He ignored the mocking tribute. “ Ah,
madatne, I am back more than you sus-
pect,” he declared. “ First, listen to the
officer of the French army who has charge
of us, who says to me at the Baltimore dock
as we step ashore: ‘ M. Guesclin,’ says he,
‘ we do not know now when we can send
reservists across the ocean—’ ”

  “ Good old ocean! ” murmured Sally Fitz.
“ Precisely. ‘ But when we can,’ he says,
‘ we shall have room only for—for—’ Oh, he
was most desolated to have to say it, so I
say it for him. ‘ For the most fit?’ I say, and
he nods his head. He thinks I am all de-
jetion. ‘ Ah, monsieur,’ he exclaims, ‘ you
are a brave man. You respond. You
would pay your debt to France, and she
releases you. The debt is paid, monsieur.’
“ Next, Sal-lee, listen to me. ‘ Ah, man
capitaine,’ I say, ‘ I think so myself. Fur-
thermore, captain,’ I continue, ‘ in one-half
bffur, if you meet me then or subsequently,
please to pronounce my name Goslin, so,
for I go now for my papers which will turn
me into a United States citizen.’ ”

  “ Joe!”

  “ Precisely madame, you just hear me
say what I say.”

  “ And you’re not going to get called to
any more old colors?”

  “ Not unless they have the name Old
Glo-ree.”

  She sank her nose into his shoulder.
“ You are here, you are here! Oh,” she
said, “ thank God for America!”

  He pressed his lips to the back of her
neck. “ Because why, Sal-lee?” he ques-
tioned low in one ear. “-Because I am
here?”

  She pushed herself away, alluringly
flushed. “ Go ’way from me, man! No,
because I don’t want Cossacks and things
running off with my young turkeys.”

  It was not the wistful look that came
into his eyes. He seized her deliberately.
“ You great big beautiful doll,” he said,
“ I am onto your curves—” Meditatively
he stroked her shoulder. “ Of an arch-
duchess they are so.”

  “ Thinking,” protested Sally, struggling,
“ thinking I got time to—”

  “ Oh, but,” said Mr. Goslin wickedly,
“ I cut across through the kitchen garden,
and those artichokes—I happened to notice
that they have just "been weeded, most de-
votedly hand-weeded. Ah, Sal-lee, it is no
use; you are one crazy thing about me, and
a few thousand kisses—joy of Heaven, here
come the children!”

  But after the children and the joy of the
first days as they passed, and during the
days that came, Joe Goslin, American,
mourned as Joseph Guesclin, Frenchman.
But all America, truly America, was mourn-
ing as Joseph Guesclin, Frenchman. There
was in it the same generous heart, that
throbbed and ached and filled with anguish;
with wrath, too—a stifled and terrible
wrath. Things dear to America were being
assailed, and it was no aspersion on his loy-
alty to America, but truest symbol thereof,
that Joe Goslin yearned ever more to be in
trenches in a foreign land fighting for
France. Vainly did Joe’s Sally seek to
rally him.

  “ Eh, but yes — yes,” he would reply
heavily. “ I go now to the potatoes.” And
going, as lowly as a potato, he knew
himself.

  But at last—at last for those things dear
to America, America, herself, would fight.

  “ The call, Sal-lee—it’s the call to the
colors!” cried Joe. In his hand was
clenched the newspaper, the daily black
lettering across the page now, the nation’s
heart-throb become articulate. “ The col-
ors, Sal-lee! This time the ve-rit-able col-
ors—Old Glo-ree!” And Joe went.

  “Back to your potatoes, sir!” sternly
spoke the army officer to whom he went,
and there was that in his manner which
made Joe feel as if he were deserting under
fire. “Jumping Junkers, man!” cried the
officer, “ we want to win this war, and it’s
potatoes that ’11 do it!”

  For the moment, Joe Goslin blinked.
But then he understood. Involuntarily he
saluted.

  “ I go now to the potatoes, mon officier,”
he said; and facing back to the trenches as
ordered, as proud as prince or potentate,
he knew himself.
Heart to f*(e

ear

B\j tfve Editor

TFIE riddle of greatness is still unsolved in spite of Shakespeare’s contribution to
the controversy. Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have
greatness thrust upon them, the poet tells us. All of which describes a result
rather than a cause. The dispute which wages about the dual factors of heredity and
environment remains where it was. Undoubtedly both a man’s inheritance and his
environment each play an important part in the final result which we call character.
Anyhow, the hero of the new six-part serial in the forthcoming number of this

“EASTWARD HO!”

BY WILLIAM MacLEOD RAINE
Author of “One Who Was Afraid,” “The Pirate of Panama,” “Men in the Raw,” etc.

is a man whose greatness is at once so genuine and so admirable we have no hesitation
in saying Clay Lindsay will take rank among the most popular of All-Stoky Weekly
heroes who have appeared in our pages during the past year. Clay comes from
Arizona without a rival in the daring game of breaking the broncos and estimating
human beings. All his instincts are the healthy, normal instincts of a man who has
lived under the open tent of the sky and with the ripple of a clean wind in his brain as
well as in his hair. New Yorkers thought him a rube, and were ready to tolerate him
as a picturesque “ extra ” in the big metropolitan movie. But from Clarendon Brom-
field, rich clubman, down to Jerry Durand, ex-pugilist and present political gangster,
all who measured wits or brawn with Lindsay learned they were face to face with
greatness. Women, good and bad, felt the impact of his sterling goodness, and one
woman— But here is your chance to get the story fresh from the author’s pen with-
out the despoiling revelations of the editor. Don’t overlook this bet if you like a
ripping good story with a Western hero and a metropolitan wise en scene. Here is an
unusual combination, with the finest elements of both types of story. “ EASTWARD
HO!” opens in next week’s number.

,<t .« ;*

DESPITE Rudyard Kipling's famous assertion
that East and West will never meet till
judgment day, every writer of Western stories
from before the palmy days of O. Henry down to
the present has endeavored to bring about this
convulsion of nature. And probably nine-tenths
of them have tried to make ends meet, so to speak,
in the forms of New York and Western gunmen.

  It’s a fruitful situation, with all sorts of possi-
bilities. Will the “ effete East " vindicate herself
in the guise of her champion, or will wild and
woolly chivalry still reign supreme? Is there really a
fundamental difference between the hard-shooting,
hard-swearing, hard-living bad men of East and
West, or are their differences merged, as Kipling
further said, when both are strong men?

Each author has his own ideas on the subject;
and the latest to tackle it is one whose stories met
with instant favor from the very first. You shall
have his version of “ The Ballad of East and
West ’’ complete next week in

THE SACKING OF EL DORADO

BY MAX BRAND

Author of “ Who Am 1?” “A Rendezvous* with Death/*

" No rartnerK." etc.

Blinky Meyers was the type of gutter-bred gun-
man who gets into the public print all too often
in New York. But in addition he was a gambler,
and no mean one to get up against. To be sure,
his notions of ethics were not exactly Hoyle’s;

149
350

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

but, on the other hand, to play with him was a
liberal education.

  And Blinky went West—not in the sense of the
trench phrase, either. Learn how in the next
issue of this magazine.

  You may never have camped on the sand-keys
of Florida; carried a pack through the forests of
the North; paddled a canoe on a Maine river, or
watched a home-bound ship leave for home from
the beach of a South Sea island. Perhaps your
life has been spent in some one city, and your
experiences go no further than the every-day ex-
periences of the average man. Yet, when you
read a story of a country in which you have never
been, of people far different from your real-life
associates, you will feel whether or not the writer
knows his people and the setting of his tale. If
he doesn’t—wo to the author! The story is
spoiled for the reader. In next week’s issue you
will find a novelette by an author who does know
his country; one of the best tales of the Southern
mountains that we have ever published—

THE SURRENDER OF MARTHA

BY EARL G. CURTIS

Author of “ Brothers to Trouble,” “ Raffling Rowdy’s
Tools,” “ Sarah Worth’s Feud,” etc.

  There’s moonshine whisky in this story, but it
isn't one of the usual run of moonshine stories.
It’s a really gripping drama of the people of the
mountains by a man who knows them well; a
well-told, zestful tale that will keep you breath-
lessly interested from start to finish.

<.* j*

  The coasts of Bohemia are littered with the
debris of war. From time immemorial men and
women who have chafed under the yoke of con-
vention have sought a wider freedom and a larger
license within her hospitable boundaries. While
the sane and conservative citizen, who looks
askance at the vagaries of art, continues, as he
always has, to view Bohemia with suspicion and
occasionally drop a bomb or two within her walls.
Both are extremists, and, therefore, seldom right.
Charles Belmont Davis, in his story, “ BOHEMIA,
GOOD-BY,” is a special pleader for neither side,
but he lets us see how even success, respectability,
and comfort must sometimes turn with regret to
the former haunts of Bohemia to recapture an
experience the memory of which lingers like the
poignant regret of a day that is done. Preston
turned, and then— But why betray the author's
secret? You will find it all beautifully told in
next week’s magazine.

  In next week’s issue you will find one of
the most beautifully written stories that has ap-
peared in any magazine for a long time—“ THE
SILENT POOL,” by George Gilbert. But do not
get the idea that it is all writing and no story;
the tale that Mr. Gilbert has to tell is worthy of

his way of telling it. The scene is laid in India;
the characters are natives of that land of romantic
mystery; the action moves with something of the
tragic certainty that made Kipling’s Indian tales
the talk of the reading world. This Gilbert story
is something that no lover of the best in short
fiction can afford to miss reading.

d*	S	jt

  Have you ever noticed how free from suspicion
and rash judgment, unconsciously, good people
are, and how quick to rush to moral conclusions
are the people w ho make a profession of goodness
or want to devote their lives to the moral uplift
of their neighbors? Nothing can down the people
who get a moral satisfaction out of their own
conscious rectitude except a rude awakening.
Gilbert Riddell, in “ A LIBERAL EDUCATION,”
instances the case of a woman who had drawn her
conclusions and was planning her frontal attack
for the reformation of two friends when— But
we cannot risk taking the edge off of your ap-
preciation of this clever characterization by be-
traying the writer's secret. Read this story in
next week’s magazine, and you will be more ready
to give the other fellow (and his girl) the benefit
of the doubt.

Jt	,*

  Next week you will find another corking animal
story by Harold de Polo. This time the four-
footed hero is a wolf, caught when a cub by a
brutal man and broken to pull a sled like a dog.
Then came the call of the wilderness, and then—
But you must read this great story yourself. It’s
title is “ BAD BOILEAU AND BEAUT,” and it’s
very well worth reading.

    •£	c**

      REAL APPRECIATION

To the Editor:

  Have been reading and thoroughly enjoying the
All-Story Weekly for a year or two, and look
forward with pleasurable anticipation to receive
every number.

  A conversation between chief justice of the
United States Supreme Court, Melville C. Fuller,
and his associate, ludge Lamar, is related, in
which the chief justice declared that he found re-
laxation from his judicial work in reading ten-
cent novels, to which ludge Lamar answered that
he enjoyed the five-cent stories better because
there was more action in them.

  The readers of the „ Ali.-Story Weekly can
find a variety of good fiction to suit not only the
taste of the lover of action, but that of the most
fastidious reader of the best literature.

  Furthermore, there is not a story which is not
clean and fit to be read by the youngest member
of a family.

  The love stories are not filled with the vague,
half-baked sex dreams and problems of the idle
rich; but they present the fine heart-throbs of
dean, vigorous, healthy men and women, boys
and girls, of every clime ar.d country.
HEART TO HEART TALKS.

351

  The world is its field—one week we are in the
dreamy Oriental Far East; the next in the breezy,
dashing, fighting West; again adventuring in the
Caribbean, and, as during the past few weeks,
dwelling among the ancient Greeks. In fact, the
All-Story Weekly furnishes good reading for
the boy or girl, the clergyman, the business man,
the ordinary man or woman who desires to pass
a pleasant hour. The college professor, the busy
lawyer, the profound philosopher, and the hard-
working judge can find some story to appeal to his
tastes or furnish him with that relaxation all
workers, mental or physical, require.

 300 Broadway,	F. W. Pollock.

  New York City.

“CLAVERING THE INCREDIBLE" THE
BEST OF ALL

To the Editor-

  May I add a word of appreciation for the
All-Story Weekly along with your other read-
ers? Though not a subscriber, I have been a
constant reader of the magazine since back in the
Cavalier days. The best story to me then was
“ Clavering the Incredible,’’ and I have not yet
found one that surpasses it.

  With such writers as Zane Grey, C. B. Stilson,
Robert Simpson, Max Brand, Harold Titus, Jack-
son Gregory, Johnston McCulley, Hulbert Foot-
ner, and J. B. Hendryx it is easy to see how the
All-Story Weekly is among the best—thanks to
the editor. I see many requests for sequels to
“ The Untamed ” and “ The Texan.” If there
are sequels, let us hope they are good ones, for
those are two stories that can easily be spoiled
by a sequel; and do not change the character of
Whistling Dan if he is brought back, for ’twould
be better to leave him alone. “ The Grouch ” and
“ Broadway Bab ” were different from the usual
run of the stories; they give us a change with
their humor. Give us more of them.

  “ The Border Legion " was another good story,
but, like Clavering the Incredible, I see no ex-
cuse for a man standing up before a gang of
murderers and being shot to pieces to protect. a
woman who does not even appreciate the act, to
say nothing of the man. Such men are scarce;
women also.

  I am glad to see that Peter Gross is with us
again. He is one of my favorite characters. I
also like Semi-Dual; and what has become of that
man Creive? Stella M. During's story, “ Tempta-
tion of Carlton Earle," keeps one always inter-
ested, and lacks those tiresome, long descriptions.
Pardon the long letter, but accept my best wishes
for the Ali.-Story Weekly.

Nellie Putnam.

  Pineville, Kentucky.

  Note: “Clavering the Incredible" has just
been published in book form under the title “ The
Bite of Benin.” See announcement in the Sep-
tember 13, iqto, issue.

LITTLE HEART-BEATS

  May I express my sincere admiration of your
splendid magazine? Most all of the stories are
fine, but I particularly enjoy the “ different ”
kind. I've noticed some knocking the Palosian
srtories, calling them impossible. 1 do not con-
sider them so, for I know that one can travel in
the “ astral,” for I have done it many times my-
self. Are we going to have more Semi-Dual
stories? I wish it were possible to find out what
became of Larry and Lakla.

Mrs. S. M. Healy.

  Missoula, Montana.

  As I have never seen a letter from this part of
the State in the Heart to Heart Talks will write
you, as I read the All-Story Weekly. I am
not a subscriber. I get the book from the news-
stand, and just think it is fine. I like all of the
stories. Of course there are some I like better
than others. We must have a sequel to “ The
Conquest of the Moon Pool." It was just fine;
and also “The Untamed.” Tell Max Brand to
hurry and bring us a sequel, as Kate is unhappy
without Dan. As ever a reader,

Mrs. Lucy J. Stowe.

  Thorndale, Texas.

  I just want to write and tell you how much I
appreciate your magazine, the All-Story
Weekly. The “ different ” stories are the best,
and “ The Conquest of the Moon Pool ” is the
finest piece of fiction yet written. My favorite
authors are: A. Merritt, E. R. Burroughs, and
Max Brand. Please, Mr. Editor, can you tell me
if there is going to be a sequel to “ The Conquest
of the Moon Pool”? I don’t like people who
knock our stories, and especially “ different ”
ones. Can’t you wake Burroughs up to write us
a story soon; and A. Merritt? I see that every
one is pulling for Max Brand, and I am pulling,
too, for that matter. Wishing your magazine
good luck,	Pelham Anderson.

  Montgomery, Alabama.

  Will you kindly send me the issue of the All-
Story Weekly for July 10, as, for some unknown
reason, our druggist failed to receive his stock for
that week. If his supply of some other periodi-
cal had been side-tracked it would not have mat-
tered very much; but when it’s the All-Story
Weekly that’s missing, believe me, it’s a tragic
occurrence. Just a line to compliment you on
“ The Conquest of the Moon Pool.” It’s the
best I’ve read along those lines since Rider Hag-
gard’s novel, “ King Solomon's Mines.” There is
no need to ask for a sequel, as I cannot conceive
an author with such a brilliant imagination as A.
Merritt possesses leaving the children of his brain
sealed up forever in the mystic land of Nan
Matal.	Geo. L. Tiiorpb.

  Toledo, Ohio,
352	ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

ALL-STORY WEEKLY READERS’ EXCHANGE

  N. B.—The object of this department is to give readers who wish to secure copies of

   THE MAGAZINE WHICH WE CANNOT SUPPLY A CHANCE TO MAKE THEIR WANTS KNOWN. SPACE IS
   TOO LIMITED TO ALLOW OF OUR PUBLISHING THE LETTERS OF THOSE WHO ONLY HAVE MAGAZINES TO
   DISPOSE OF. The LATTER SHOULD WATCH THIS COLUMN, AND COMMUNICATE DIRECT WITH THOSE
   WHO ASK FOR CERTAIN NUMBERS. LETTERS TO BE PRINTED SHOULD CONTAIN COMPLETE ADDRESS.

 Will you please oblige me by putting a notice
 in your Readers’ Exchange to the effect that I
 will pay twenty-five cents for a copy of the All-
 Story Weekly for July 13, 1918, if any one who
 has this copy and is willing to sell it will first
 write me.	H. L. Cooper.

 27 Platt Street,

 Albion, New York.

 I am willing to pay anything within reason for
 a copy of the All-Story Weekly for January 11,
 1919. Reader having same, please write to

(Miss) M. Elizabeth Pennington.

 Belmont,

 San Mateo County, California.

 I will [jay twenty cents each for The Argosy
 and All-Story Weekly of January 18, iqiq, to
 any reader who has them.

                     Yours respectfully,

 2338 South Sixth Street, Harry Blum.
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

 I would like to obtain the All-Story Weekly
 for December 14, iqi8. Am willing to pay one
 dollar for a copy. Any one having that number,
 please write, before forwarding, to

 Clinton, Minnesota. Enoch Lundholm.

 I will pay twenty cents or twenty-five cents a
 copy for the All-Story commencing December,
 1913, containing all the instalments of the
 “Warlord of Mars,” by Edgar Rice Burroughs.
 Please write before forwarding.

 Phoebus, Virginia.	LeGrand Lennis.

 I wish to obtain a copy of the All-Story
 Weekly for July 13, 1918. Will any one having
 copy of this issue in good condition—cover not
 not essential—please write me, giving price of
 same?	Mrs. W. C. White.

 Live Oak, Florida.

  I wish to get the December 14, 1918, issue of
the All-Story Weekly, and have any one of
the following issues to exchange for it, all with
backs on and in fair condition: July 20, 1918;
July 27, 1018; March 1, 8, IS, 22, 29, 1919; April
5, 12, 10, 26, 1919; May 3. WO- Please write
first.	Mrs. F. L. Rodgers.

  Elsbcrry, Missouri.

 I would like to get the following All-Story
 Weeklys: August 31, 1918; September 28, 1918.
 Would like to hear from any one who has the
 books.	Yours truly,

Box 8,	John R. McCulloch.

 Monitor, Alberta, Canada.

 If I can possibly find the December, 1913, to
 March, 1914, issues of the All-Story containing
 the “ Warlord of Mars,” I would gladly pay you
 fifty cents a copy.	Yours truly,

Harriston, Oregon.	Neil Boynton.

 I will give twenty-five cents a copy for the
 following numbers: All-Story, January, 1914;
 All-Story Cavalier, November 14, 1914; Novem-
 ber 21, 1914. Please write before sending.

 1530 Seabury Place,	Abraham Starr.

 New York, N. Y.

 I want to get the January 11, 1919, issue of the
 All-Story Weekly.	Walter A. Schell.

 1307-1309 Market Street,

 Harrisburg, Pennsylvania.

 Some years ago I read the first instalment of a
 story called “ The Isle of Mystery,” by Bertram
 Lebhar (The Argosy, September, 1917, to Janu-
 ary, 1918). I would like very much to read this
 story complete, and as I am an invalid and shut-
 in, I would appreciate it very much if some reader
 could furnish me with the five issues, which are
 out of print.	Pearl A. Knece.

 Laurellville, Ohio.

 I will give twenty-five cents each for the All-
 Story Weekly of November 17, 24, and Decem-
 ber 1, 1917, last three insialments of “A Good
 Indian." Write me before you send, as 1 may
 have received them from some one else.

 Parsons, Kansas.	Mrs. A. Carpenter.

 I will be glad to pay twenty-five cents each and
 postage for four copies of the May, 1913, issue of
 the All-Story monthly magazine. Please write
 before sending to

Room 727,	Robert Simpson.

 280 Broadway,

 New York, N. Y.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

DONT SEND A PENNY

                             You must see this beautiful, modish skirt to really believe
                             that you can get a garment of such splendid quality and
                             style at our price. That is why we send it on approval—
                             not a penny for you to send now. (And if you act at once
                             —there’s a free petticoat in the bargain.) Just the coupon
                             —that’s all, and we send this wonderful, latest styje skirt
                             for your examination and try-on. Send it back if you
                             are not satisfied. (See coupon.)

  Unbeatable Value in

 STUNNING

  Not such a bargain as this anywhere
  else. And we prove it at our own risk.
  This extraordinary skirt is made of
  splendid quality mixed serge, a fab-
  ric always correct, always popular.
  Has 3 fashionable knife plaits at
  each side, finished at top with
  large novelty pockets which are
  trimmed with silk braid in arrow
  head style and fancy ivory but-
  tons. Separate belt in unique
  style cut in 2 parts, lined with
  sateen and trimmed with but-
  tons. Seams all bound; has
  splendid belting. All sizes. Colors,
  black and navy blue. There’s
  class in every line of this won-
  derful skirt. You are sure of
  being dressed in absolutely cor-
  rect style when you have it on.

  Send no money now. Pay $5.65
  for skirt on arrival and along
  with th.s great skirt bargain we
  give you

This Fine
Taffetine

Serge Skirt

Petticoat

FREE!?*:

   Petticoat of splendid quality taffetine. Deep
 flounce, air tucks, knife plaited ruffle. Length
 32 to 42 in. Hips up to 45 in. Color black. Costs
 you nothing at all. Sent free with the skirt.
 Don’t miss this. We want to prove to you that
 Leonard-Morton styles.workmanshipand price .
 are absolutely the best to be had anywhere. |

LEONARD-MORTON & CO.

I Dept. 9747	Chicago

  Send the Serge Skirt No. B15041 and the free taffetine petti-
  ■ coat. When they arrive I will pay $5.65 for the skirt; nothing for

 | the petticoat. If not satisfied after examination, will return both

 and you will refund my money.

 |k| ^\\hl To get the skirt at this price and ■

 W If the FREE petticoat you must •
 order quick—right away. Send coupon or a I Name
 letter while offer is on. Keep money till goods 1
 arrive,but send now for skirt and free petticoat. | Addrees.

Length.....................in. Waist.....................in. Color..

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

city ...................................Stats

“Here’s an Extra $50, Grace

—Pm making real money now!”

“Yes, I’ve been keeping it a secret until pay day came. I’ve been promoted
with an increase of $50 a month. And the first extra money is yours. Just a
little reward for urging me to study at home. The boss says my spare time
training has made me a valuable man to the firm and there’s more money com-
ing soon. We’re starting up easy street, Grace, thanks to you and the I. C. S.!”

Today more than ever before, money is what counts. The cost of living is mounting
month by month. You can’t get along on what you have been making. Somehow you’ve simply

                                                    got to increase your earnings.

                                           Fortunately for you hundreds of thousands
                                           of other men have proved there is an unfail-
                                           ing way to do it. Train yourself for bigger work,
                                           learn to do some one thing well and employers
                                           will be glad to pay you real money for your
                                           special knowledge.

- —-—-—TEAR OUT HERE---------

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

BOX 223S. SCRANTON. PA.

Explain, without obligating: me, how I can qualify for the posi-
tion, or in the subject, bejore which I mark X.

 ELECTRICAL ENGINEER
 Electric Lighting and Railways
 Electric Wiring
 Telegraph Engineer
 Telephone Work
 MECHANICAL ENGINEER
 Mechanical Draftsman
 Machine Shop Practice
 Toolmaker
 Gas Engine Operating
 CIVIL ENGINEER
 Surveying and Mapping
 MINE FOREMAN OR ENGINEER
 STATIONARY ENGINEER
 j Marine Engineer
 _ Ship Draftsman
 " ARCHITECT

 □	Contractor and Builder

 □	Architectural Draftsman
 Concrete Builder

 * Structural Engineer
 PLUMBING AND HEATING
 Sheet Metal Worker
 ■ Textile Overseer or Supt.
 w CHEMIST

SALESMANSHIP
ADVERTISING
Window Trimmer
Show Card Writer
Sign Painter
Railroad Trainman
ILLUSTRATING
Cartooning
BOOKKEEPER
Stenographer and Typist
Cert. Public Accountant
TRAFFIC MANAGER
Railway Accountant
Commercial Law
GOOD ENGLISH
Teacher

Common School Subjects
Math ematics
CIVIL SERVICE
Railway Mail Clerk
AUTOMOBILE OPERATING
Anto Repairing
Navigation inSpanlab
AGRICULTURE I(J French
Poultry Raising Italian

 Name ....
 Present
 Occupation
 Street

 and No. ..

  You can get the training that will prepare
you for the position you want in the work you
like best, whatever it may be. You can get it
without sacrificing a day or a dollar from your
present occupation. You can get it at home,
in spare time, through the International Cor-
respondence Schools.

   It is the business of the I. C. S. to prepare men in just
your circumstances for better positions at better pay.
They have been doing it for 28 years. They have helped
two million other men and women. They are training
over 100,000 now. Every day many students write to tell
of advancements and increased salaries already won.

  You have the same chance they had. What are you
going to do with it? Can you afford to let a single price-
less hour pass without at least finding out what the I. C. S.
can do for you? Here is all we ask—without cost, with-
out obligating yourself in any way, simply mark and mail
this coupon.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

         WHEN sweets appear, and merriment abounds,
         then come the happiest sweets of all—NABISCO
         Sugar Wafers. A welcome always awaits them with
         their delicate outer strips and delicious creamy filling.

Two other dessert aids are Anola and Ramona.

Now sold in the famous In-er-seal trademark package.

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

In anihctring this adrertitement it is detiralle that you mention thit magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

All-Story Weekly

WINS GREAT HONORS

Edward J. O’Brien, leading American authority on
Short Fiction, includes in

THE ROLL OF HONOR

Of the Best Short Stories of 1918

  “A SIMPLE ACT OF PIETY ” . .By Achmed Abdullah
  “ASHES OF ROSES ” .... By George Gilbert
  “SIR GALAHAD ”.....By Elizabeth Patterson

and

  “THE GALLOWSMITH” . . . By Irvin S. Cobb

ALL FOUR WERE PUBLISHED IN THE

ALL-STORY WEEKLY

     The ALL-STORY WEEKLY during 1918 published fifteen
     serial stories which have been republished in book form by
     America’s leading book publishers.

      Readers of this magazine paid ten cents a copy, and read in
      advance these fifteen serial stories, and scores of other good
      serials, novelettes and short stories as well.

These fifteen books would have cost the subscribers $20.45.

 10 Cents a Copy

AT ALL NEWS-STANDS

The Frank A. Munsey Company

280 Broadway, New York

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

Between friends—
a photograph.

There's a Photographer in Your Town.
Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, N. Y.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

SAVE 40 % CLOTHING

 A money saving opportunity that you should

 investigate at once. We make and sell the finest made-
 to-measure clothes direct to wearer at a guaranteed
 saving of from 25% to 40%. We cut out all middlemen,
 save all unnecessary expenses and unnecessary profits,
 and give you the benefit.

All Orders On Approval

 We make every suit to your exact measure and in-
 dividual specifications, send it to you delivery charges
 prepaid, let j'ou try it, and inspect it carefully. Unless
 you are perfectly satisfied you will not be under the
 slightest obligation to keep it and your trial order will
 not cost you one cent.

LOOK AT THESE LOW PRICES

(A Few of Our Bargains)

  Kind of Cloth	U“u^i^'t“n

Fine Blue Worsted ...	$35.00	$22.00

Gray Cassimere -	32.00	20.00

Fine Blue Serge ...	50.00	35.00

Brown Check Worsted -	40.00	29.50

Steel Gray Worsted ...	45.00	32.50

     And Sixty-five Other Wonderful Bargains.

      STYLE BOOK AND cD CC
      CLOTH SAMPLES r r\ H C.

  Write at once for copy of our new style book show-
ing the latest Xew York and Chicago fashions with a
beautiful variety of large cloth samples of the season's
most popular fabrics, directions for taking measures,
etc. Everything free and postpaid and no obligations
to you. Bell Tailoring is unsurpassed in quality, fit
and style. Xothing better made and remember we
guarantee a saving of 25% to 4U%. No matter where
you live, write at once for your copy of our new book.

     THE BELL TAILORS

Adams at Green Sts. Dept. 1 52, Chicago, Illinois

Perfect hearing is now being restored in
every condition of deafness or defective
hearing from causes such as Catarrhal
Deafness, Relaxed or Sunken Drums, Thick-
ened Drums, Roaring and Hissing Sounds,
Perforated, Wholly or Partially Destroyed
Drums, Discharge from Ears, etc.

Wilson Common-Sense Ear Drums

   "Little Wireless Phones for the Ears ”
require no medicine but effectively replace what is lacking or
defective in the natural ear drums. They are simple devices,
which the wearer easily fits into the ears where they are
invisible. Soft, safe and comfortable.

Write today for our 168-page FREE book on DEAFNESS,
tiving you full particulars and testimonials.

       WILSON EAR DRUM CO., Incorporated
1166 Inter-Southern Building,	LOUISVILLE, KY.

Only *loo

  and'After Trial

Keep the New Edison Amberola-- Edison’s great phonograph with the dia-
mond stylus—and your choice of records, for only $1.00. Pay balance at rate
of only a few cents a day. Free trial in your own home before you decide to
bay. Nothing down. Write for our New Edison Book sod pictures, free.
F.K.BABSON, Edison Phonograph Pists.l4ET Edison Block. Chicago, III

diamonds

        Costs You Nothing

 Send for our FREE 80 page
 Catalog No. 72E. Contains over
 2,000 unusual Bargains in Dia-
 monds,Watches. Jewelry. Silver-
 ware. etc. Anything you want
 will be sent for your

        Free Examination
 You pay nothing in advance—
 NOT ONE CENT until after you
 see the article. If not entirely
 satisfied, return at our expense.
 Only after you are convinced
 LYoN values cannot be dupli-
 cated elsewhere, do you pay on
 Terms as Low as $2 Monthly
 You do not miss the money. You
 pay at the rate of only a few
 cents a day. You invest into
 something worth while. There
 is no “red tape” or annoyance
 to you in buying

    Lyon Blue-White Diamonds
 See the BARGAIN CLUSTERS
 shown. They are perfectly
 matched and blue-white. Only
 the BEST grade is handled by
 the “ House of Lyon.” These
 values cannot be duplicated else-
 where for the same money.
 Thousands of persons who wear
 our Diamonds are pleased be-
 cause of our UN USUAL VALUES.

     8<fc Yearly Dividend Offer

 A Binding Guarantee is furn-
 ished with every diamond. You
 are protected for the value and
 quality. You are guaranteed 8%
 yearly increase on all exchanges.
 You can also earn a 6# BONUS.
 This is explained in our

    80 Page Bargain Catalog
 Send for it TODAY, before you
 forget. IT’S FREE. Let us help
 you build a solid foundation for
 the future. Write NOW to
 Dept. 72E.

ru TVAM Ct\ ima/den lane
tJ.M.LY UN 21 Lu* new york
K Business for over 75 Yeans

 Afr. Edison's
   Wonderful
   Amberoid

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

c*

                       Women

  1 To JlnnbWo" ^ **»*.£*

    ®	We guarantee a n cnt to refuwi comple-

year uj •

amount . am,m<
t,onZ not satisfied
WfyoX course.

 ,J' pres. '

Find OutWhatTraining
Means tpyoil

What It Intensive train-

II-»*	in§ has Qualified

Has Done men like YOU for

the positions they wanted — given
them steady employment—made them

sought after by employers—multiplied their
earning power — made them leaders in their
chosen lines. For thousands, it has changed
the drudgery of “getting by” into the joy of
GETTING ON. Do you realize that the same
intensive training can do the same for you?

Why If Doing things better
■k	■«, than the other fellow—

DOeS I* thinking and acting for
yourself—having a grip on your task
—the. expert touch — the trick of

KNOWING HOW—that is why you succeed
after intensive training. That is what it does
for you. Training clears away the cobwebs,
throws the spotlight on the things you don’t
know about your work, and makes you the
master of any emergency.

Don't Fool Yourself

 Every day you put off training you have to pay the price of not knowing how. The amount you
 earn represents what you know—what you can DO. The problem of how to increase your earn-
 ing power is simple—just TRAIN. Don’t be fooled into
 thinking that “luck” or “pull” will make you a winner.

 The man without training just scrambles through life
 —never a money-maker—never sure of his job—never
 holding a responsible position. It’s the trained man who
 gets all the favors—the best jobs and the big pay. As long as you
 refuse to train you must pass up opportunities and make way for
 the man who does. Face the facts and then let the American
 School help you into a better position—the one you want—as it
 has helped its thousands of students. Get into the game. Don’t
 sit on the sidelines.

MERICAN SCHOOL

OF CORRESPONDENCE

Dept. G-47 CHICAGO, ILLINOIS

               ________________________---......   
                   TRAINING-THE KEY TO SUC CESS    
w Pleas* sand me booklet and tell me how i      •j 
1 can fit myself for position marked X §           
You Take No Risk

 We guarantee our service to you—absolute satisfaction or your
 money back—so why delay promotion and better pay? Every day
 you put off training it costs you money—money that you might
 be getting but DON’T because you don’t know how.

 The American School’s guarantee above means that you can
 test what training will do for you without risking one cent of
 your money. We’ve got to make good with you, so check and
 mail the Coupon—NOW—for Free Bulletin.

  ...Western Union Course
  ...Telephone Engineer
  ...Draftsman and Designer
  ...Automobile Engineer
  ...Automobile Repairman
  ...Airplane Mechanic
  ...High School Course
  ...Fire Insurance Adjuster
  ...Sanitary Engineer
  ...Heating and Ventilating
  Engineer
  ...Master Plumber
  ...Civil Engineer
  ...Structural Engineer
  ...Mechanical Engineer
  ...Shop Superintendent

Name...................................

 ...Accountant and Auditor
 ...Steam Engineer
 ...Lawyer

 ...Business Manager
 ...Certified Pub. Accountant
 ...Bookkeeper
 ...Stenographer
 ...General Education Coura*
 ...Com. School Branches
 ...Electrical Engineer
 ...Electric Light and Power
 Superintendent
 ...Hydroelectric Engineer
 ...Wireless Operator
 ...Architect
 ...Building Contractor

In answering this advertisement it desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

T ake the F iction Out—
What Then?

FEW of us realize the import- Woman’s Home Companion and
ance of Fiction to the read- others in that field—

ers of national periodicals.	Take the Fiction out of the
  Take the Fiction out of such small town field, the mail order

Magazines as Harper’s, Century,	field—

Scribner’s and magazines of that ™

__Take the Fiction out of The

                               Argosy, All-Story Weekly, Ad-
Take the Fiction out of The venture, Popular and others of
Saturday Evening Post, Collier s their kind_

And what have you got left ?

and publications of that class—

Take the Fiction out of the
Cosmopolitan, Red Book, Ameri- You would lose 75% of the
can and similar mediums—	“bulk of all magazines.

  Take the Fiction out of the You would lose probably 75%
Ladies’ Home Journal, The of your total circulation.

NOW

IF you can sell merchandise in the atmosphere that is created by the
Fiction in other magazines, is there any reason why you cannot
sell merchandise through the advertising pages in the atmosphere
that is created by the Fiction in the ARGOSY COMBINATION?
Particularly so when you bear in mind that the Fiction in all maga-
zines is written by practically the same authors.

THE ARGOSY COMBINATION

(THE ARGOSY—ALL-STORY WEEKLY)

Sold at 10c a copy at the rate of over 20 million a year

READ BY THE BEST PEOPLE ON EARTH

THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY

280 BROADWAY, NEW YORK

Our readers may have some thoughts on this point. We would be grateful for any expression
sent to the Advertising Department, ARGOSY COMBINATION, 280 Broadway, New York.

In amwtrinff this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this macazinf.
e pa?

ADVERTISING SECTION.

$1S5

 nly JL —

   we offer these fine pants for dress or business.
   Many handsome styles, genuine through and
   through worsted goods, beautiful narrow weave,
   smopth silky finish, guaranteed for two years
   solid wear and satisfaction and regular $5.00
   value or MONEY BACK. These
   stylish $5.00 pants, while they
   last, only one pair to any cus-
   tomer, by prepaid express, for only

         n pUAriTC You can earn a lot of extra
   Vrlijn r nun Id money by sending: orders
   I for your relatives and neighbors. Young: Dave
   I Sheldon made $12.00 first day and over $600.00 his
   first vear. Get his own book about it Free—also
   fine tailor book, cloth samples and simple direc-
   tions. All goes to you Free with first letter. Just
   send us your name—TODAY.

CHICAGO TAILORS ASSOCIATION
Dept. S-446, 616 S. Franklin Street, Chicago

  RING~7$?' tjiftofgifts.

    72—$ 1.00 Indestructible Pearl in a fancy
    carved sterling silver ring. 76—$1.00
    Brilliant im. Diamond in carved sterling
    silver ring. 75—$2.50 Heavy sterling
    silver cluster ring set with Sparkling im.
    Diamonds, sides studded with smaller stones.
    Sizes 4 to 9. Send size.

    We’ve collected hundreds of gifts, rich
    In charm and sentiment, and pictured
    them in a Beautiful Catalog—something for
    everybody. Your list of
    names and our Big Free Gif
    Book is all you need. It's i
    Great Big Help.

  The Holmes Co.

 753 ELMWOOD. PnoviPENCt.R.1.

                        > must c
                        I man,’

              what everyone thinks when
 he makes an acquaintance who wears a
 1114-S55. handsome Diamond ring. There’s a
 prestige about a genuine Diamond the world over
 that is worth good money in both business and
 social life.

     BUY ONE ON CHARGE ACCOUNT
 Perhaps you never thought of owning a Diamond, although
 your income justly entitles you to that distinction. We
 will sell you one, even if it is not convenient for you
 to pay cash. We don’t care what you are worth—if you
 are honest and pay your just debts promptly, we invite
 you to open a charge account with us.

  WONDERFUL GEMS-SURPRISING PRICES
 If you know the cost of genuine, high grade goods at
 the jewelry stores, you will be amazed at the prices of
 the wondrously beautiful Diamonds, superb gold Watches
 and handsome Jewelry shown in our new Catalogue. Our
 capital and credit standing, our purchases in the world’s
 greatest markets and the enormous volume of our busi-
 ness enable us to offer our goods at rock-bottom prices.

  SEND FOR OUR HANDSOME CATALOGUE

 You can buy from it just the same as in our store. We
 ship you any article for free examination. Examine it
 carefully, and return it at our expense if you don't con-
 sider it a bargain at the price. Or buy it on Charge
 Account, and pay monthly or weekly as desired. Liberty
 Bonds accepted. Every item guaranteed—“ If it’s a
 Royal, it’s a Gem.”

        Send for our Catalogue Today. It’s FREE.

Ask for Edition 49.

Dr\VA T diamond e?

IvVJ Ir\ij WATCH CO,

 ^	ESTABLISHED I89S

35 MaidenLane -NewVork

sol

A Wife Too Many

 Into the hotel lobby walked a beautiful woman
 and a distinguished man. Little indeed did the
 gay and gallant crowd know that around these
 heads there flew stories of terror—of murder—and
 treason. That on their entrance, half a dozen detec-
 tives sprang up from different parts of the place.

 Because of them the lights of the War Depart-
 ment in Washington blazed far into the night With
 their fate was wound the tragedy of a broken
 marriage, of a fortune lost, of a nation betrayed.

                     It is a wonderful story with the kind of
      rrfi;	^ mystery that you will sit up nights trying

 TBit	to fathom. It is just one of the stories

 Mg	fashioned by that master of mystery

(B3| CRAIG KENNEDY

                  (The American Sherlock Holmes)

ARTHUR B. REEVE

                 (The American Con&n Doyle)

                      He is the detective genius of our age. He has
                      taken science—science that ■stands for this
                      age—and allied it to the mystery and ro-
                      mance of detective fiction. Even to the small-
                      est detail, every bit of the plot is worked
                      out scientifically. For nearly ten years,
                      America has been watching his Craig Ken-
                      nedy—marvelling at the strange, new, star-
                      tling things that detective hero would unfold.

FREE-POE

               lO Volumes

                    To those who send the coupon promptly,
                    we will give FREE a set of Edgar Allan
                    Poe's works in 10 volumes.

                     When the police of Paris failed to solve
                     one of the most fearful murder mysteries of
                     the time, Edgar Allan Poe—far off here in
                     New York—found the solution.

                     The story is in these volumes.

                  In England and France. Edgar Allan
                  Poe is held to be the greatest writer that
                  America has produced. To them he is the
                  great American classic.

                    This is a wonderful combination. Here
                    are two of the greatest writers of mystery
                    and scientific detective stories. You can get
                    the Beeve at a remarkably low price and
                    the Poe FREE for a short time only. Sign
                    and mail the coupon now.

                  HARPER & BROTHERS (Established 1817>

 HARPER & BROTHERS, 32 Franklin Square, New York Aio?i9 *

  Send me, all charges prepaid, set of Arthur B. Beeve—in 12
  volumes. Also send me, absolutely free, the set of Edgar Allan Poe
  —in 10 volumes. If the books are not satisfactory I will return
  both sets within 10 days at your expense. Otherwise I will send
  you $1 within 5 days and $2 a month for 12 months.

Name...........................................................

Address.........................................................

Occupation......................................................

To Prove
Our
Fine
Quality

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

MONTHS TO

 EVERY article shown
 a special value, every
 diamond genuine, blue-
 white, perfect-cut. Your
 choice ON APPROVAL, NO
 MONEY IN ADVANCE. Pay
 one-fifth after examination,
 balance in ten payments.
 SWEET’S Policy: You
 must be satisfied or no sale.
 PROFIT-SHARING PLAN;
 1%% yearly increase in ex-
 change value on every dia-
 mond purchased from us.

Beautiful De Luxe
Catalog FREE

  We are Maiden Lane's
 Greatest Credit Jewelers.
 Send for catalog of precious
 gems, jewelry, watches, gifts,
 etc. The lowest prices—the
 highest quality. Ten months
 to pay on everything. Ad-
 dress Dept. 829-R.

Liberty Bonds accepted at
face value.

W “THE HOUSE OF (^JALIT^,r

LWsweeteCO.

2-4 MAIDEN LANE, NEW YORK

Rider Agents Want

  Everywhere to ride and exhibit the new Ran-
  ger “Motorbike” completely equipped with
  electric light and horn, carrier, stand, tool
  tank, coaster-brake, mud guards and anti-
  skid tires. Choice off 44 other styles, colors
  and sizes in the famous “Ranger” line.

 DELIVERED FREE on approval and 30 DAYS
 TRIAL. Send for big ffree catalog and par-
 ticulars of our Thirty Days Free Trial
 offer, Factory-to-Rlder prices and terms.

 "aeu Pavmonfc if desired, at a small
 aoj rajmeilld advance over our
 special Factory-to-Rider cash prices.

 TIDCC Lamps, Horns, Wheels, Sundries, and repair
 I I lib w parts and supplies for all bicycles—at naif
 usual prices.

ME1 A CYCLE COMPANY
IYIHM U DEPT. W30 CHICAGO. U. S. A.

Don’t Wear a Truss

                        T> R O O K S ’ APPLIANCE,
                          L* the modern scientific
                          invention, the wonderful
                          new discovery that re-
                          lieves rupture will bo
                          sent on trial. No ob-
                          noxious springs or pads.
                          Has automatic Air
                          Cushions. Binds and
                          draws the broken parts
                          together as you would a
                          broken limb. No salves.
                          No lies. Durable, cheap.
                          Sent on trial to prove it.
                          Protected by IT. S. pat-
                          ents. Catalogue and meas-
                          ure blanks mailed free. Send
                          name and address today.

 BROOKS APPLIANCE CO., 212C State Street, Marshall, Mich.

10 Cents a Day Pays

for This Symphonola

Plays all records. Victor, Columbia, Edison. Pathe, Little Wonder,
Emerson. Take a year to pay. after 30 days’ trial. Compare its
tone for clearness, volume, with more costly instruments. Return
at our expense if it fails to make good. Ask today for the
Beautifully Illustrated Symphonola Book FREE
Shows this and other Symphonola styles sold on easy payments.
C_r_„„ L _ „ _1 _ D	Get our list of the latest song,

oympnonola Kecoras dance, popular, clear sounding,
full toned disc records. Playable on any Phonograph.

Lsrkttt CxJ* Desk SAS 1019, Buffalo, N. Y.

Either pin illustrated made with any 3 let-
ters and 2 figures, one or two colors enamel.
Silver plate, 260 ea., $2. 50 doz. Sterling
silver, 600 ea., $5.00 doz.

BASTIAN BROS. CO.

167 Bastlan Bldg., Rochester, N. Y.

SAVE YOUR BODY Conserve Your Health

says

   and Efficiency First
   “I Would Not Part With It For $10,000”

    So writes an enthusiastic, grateful customer. “Worth more than a farm”
    another. In like manner testify over 100,000 people who have worn it.

 The Natural Body Brace

    Overcomes WEAKNESS and ORGANIC AILMENTS of WOMEN and MEN. Develops
    erect, graceful figure. Brings restful relief, comfort, ability to do things, health and strength.

Wear II 30 Days Free at Onr Expense standing and walking; replaces and I

      supports misplaced internal organs; reduces enlarged abdomen; straightens and strengthens the back;
      corrects stooping shoulders; develops lunprB, chest and bust; relieves backache, curvatures, nervousness,
      rupture*, constipation. Comfortable and easy to wear. KEEP YOURSELF FIT. Write today for
      Illustrated booklet, measurement blank, etc., and read our very liberal proposition.

HOWARD C. RASH, Pres. Natural Body Brace Co., 227 Rash Bldg., Salina, Kansas

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

fiG1 GENUINE
DIAMONDS

33

 -f / CARAT,PURE WHITE
 I/O *4K SOLID GOLD ^

 / £ Ladies’ or Men’s Ring

  Wonderful value. Positively genuine diamond, l^oks like
  $100 stone because of large Bpread. Remarkable coloi>-
  brilliant, snappy. Accurately cut. Price astonishingly low.
  Biggest bargain you haveever seen. Your money refunded
  if you can duplicate our offer at double our price.
  Written legal guarantee covers weight, quality and value.
  Order from this ad—You run no risk—everything
  exactly as represented. You can wear any of our dia-
  monds a year and return It and get your money backw
  Sent on approval if desired. Absolute satisfaction guaran-
  teed — always. 40 years’ honorable dealings back up our
  statements. Order now—diamonds are a good, safe invest-
  ment—constantly advancing:—10% to20% increase expected
  Boon. Save money — Order Today!

 Send for bargain catalog—Full of surprises.

  Thousands of diamonds, rings, watches and other jewelry
  offers at most remarkable cut prices. Get it it s free*
  B. GUTTER & SONS, Wholesale Jewelers
  (Est. 1879), 170 Nassau St., Div.S-N, NEWYORK

BIG MONEY, RAISE
RABBITS FOR US

 Belgian, New Zealand, Flemish Giants. We sell
 stock and pay $7.00 pair. Express all rabbits raised
 from our “ Pare Bred Stock "—Our Expense. Con-
 tract and literature—10c—NONE FREE.
 UNITED FUR AND PRODUCE CO.. Inc.
 Dept. 15 3017 Wilson Ave., Chicago, III.

$3 a^month $4 WILL BUY

                         A Beautifully Reconstructed

TYPEWRITER

With Every Modern Writing Convenience

WRITE TODAY FOR ILLUSTRATED CIRCULAR

Explaining Try-Before-You-Buy Plan
HARRY A. SMITH, 311-218 North Wells St., Chicago. III.

Learn Auto

and TRACTOR BUSINESS
$90 to $300 Per Month

  Thousands have learned here in 6 to 9
  weeks and are making big money aa
  repair-men, drivers and superin-
  tendents. Many now own their own gar-
  I agea. making $200 to $600 per month. Oar
  I big free book explains how you can do it.

RAHE’S AUTO & TRACTOR SCHOOL
2052 Oak 8t.| Kansas City, Mo*

  Saved $64.00
  On a Diamond

 Nevada customer writes:*'!186.00 diamond appraised
 at (200.00. Sold it for *185.00.”—[Name on request.]

is firm nearly X century old, rated over $1,000,000.00,

_____a money on high grade jewelry. Amazing bargains

  in unpaid loan diamonds* Free examination.

_ Why Pay Full Prices

  F Prove for yourself that Jt'e unnecessary. Bend your name for w<
  derful lists free. Every jewel accurately described in detail. Kadi'
  cally different from catalogs. See these prices before you bo/.

Send for Latest List

 Diamond Loans ffgSJSg*'

  far under market prices. Free examinations. Amazii
  bargains proved by customers’ letters. Write today i

 JOS. DeROY & SONS,8685DeRoyBlde.

  OnlOpposite Pott Office Pittsburgh, F
  JieJerenr.es: Dun’a or BrodttrttU; Marine
  National Bank; Union Trust Company;

  Bank of Pittsburgh. N.A., PxtUburgh.

Quality

  First

 lOWmmn'nTi PONT AMERICAN INDUSTRIES I

  Say Good-bye to Laundry Bills

                     VALKYRIE

Sensible Neckwear

 Why spend from $18 to $25 a year for collars
 and laundry bills when $2.10 will cover the en-
 tire expense? Six

CHALLENGE
CLEANABLE COLLARS

 will give you collar comfort and economy for
 twelve months. They never wilt, and when soiled,
 may be instantly cleaned with a little soap and
 water. Always ready to wear. Made in all popu-
 lar Styles and sizes. Ask your dealer or send 35
 cents for sample. State size and Style.

THE ARLINGTON WORKS

Owned and operated by
E. I. DU PONT de NEMOURS & COMPANY
Wilmington, Delaware

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.

llliXXlIIij
ADVERTISING SECTION.

 X/Z Price $2.5P

SEND NO MONEY

 IP You Can Tell it from a
 GENUINE DIAMONDSenditback

To prove that our blue-white MEXICAN DIAMOND closely resembles
the finest genuine South African Diamond (costing 50 times as much),
with same DAZZLING RAINBOW-FIRE, (Guaranteed 20 yrs.) we
will send this Ladies Solitaire Ring with one carat gem, (Catalogue
price $4.98) for Half Price to introduce, $2.50, plus War Tax 13c.
Same thing but Gents. Heavy Tooth Belcher Ring, (Catalogue price
$6.26) for $3.10, plus War Tax 15c. Mountings are our finest 12 karat
gold filled. Mexican Diamonds are GUARANTEED FOR 20 YEARS.
SEND NO MONEY. Just mail postcard or this ad., state size and
we will mail at once C. O. D. If not fully pleased, return in 2 days
for MONEY BACK, less handling charges. Act quick; offer limited;
only one to a customer. Write for FREE Catalog. AGENTS WANTED.

MEXICAN DIAMOND IMPORTING CO.

Dept. SS2.	Las Cruces, N. Mex.

(Exclusive cantrollers Mexican Diamonds.)

“DON’T SHOUT”

" 1 can hear'1 you

PHONE.

 with the MORLEY
 It is invisible, weight-
 less, comfortable, inexpensive. No
 metal, wires noi rubber. Can be
 used by anyone, young or old.

The Morley Phone for

PHONE affords relief.

DEAF

     is to the ears what glasses are to the
     eyes. Write For Free Booklet

    containing testimonials of users all
 over the country. It describe*
 causes of deafness; tells how
 and why the MORLEY
 Over one hundred thousand sold.

 THE MORLEY CO., Dept. 709, Perry Bldg., Phila.

Set In
Solid Gold

Set in
Solid Gold

Send Your Name and We’ll
Send You a Lachnite

  ' will send it prepaid right to your home. When it comes merely deposit
  *4 75 with the postman ana then wear the ring for 10 full days. If you.or
  It any ofyour friends can tell It from a diamond send it back. But
  If von decide to buy it-send $2.60 a month until $18.75 has been oald.
  iryoudecjoe wouy gend yQor name n Tell ua which of the solid
  Write ioaay KO)d rings illustrated above you wish (ladies’or

■% Become an Expert in

Banking

    Banking a9 now conducted fa really a new profession.
 Financial institutions are more active and progressive than
 ever before. They need men trained in modern methods.
 Splendid opportunities open for cashiers, managers, tellers,
 trust officers, etc. Make yourself a Banking Expert thru
 the LaSalle Course in Banking and Finance. Only spare
 time required. Moderate cost. Easy terms. Our free book
 tells all about the opportunities in Banking for LaSalle
 trained experts. Write for it now.

     LaSALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY
     “The World’s Greatest Extension University”

Dept. 1032-BF	Chicago, III.

Classified Advertising Continued from Page 4.

AUTHORS—MANUSCRIPTS

$50 TO $150 A WEEK, WRITING STORIES. PreviouB

acceptance not essential. Send for Special Free Offer. Dept. E,
New York Literary Bureau, 145 West 36th St., New York City.

           Enpcl
         /^rt (Corners | a

jT -i 'Wi&fr.No Paste Needed

Use them to mount all kodak

pictures.post cards.clippin£s in albums

Made in Square, Round, Oval, Fancy and Heart
of black, gray, sepia, and red gummed paper. Slip CT
them on corners ot pictures,then wet and stick. QUICK- ▼
EASY-ARTISTIC. No muss, no fuas. At photo supply, drug _ —.
and stat’y stores. 10c brings a full pkg. and samples from

Engel Mfg. Co., Dept. 21-K, 1456 Leland, CHICAGO

 FREE TO WRITERS—a wonderful little book of money-
making hints, suggestions, ideas; the A B C of successful
Story and Movie-Play writing. Absolutely free. Send for your
copy now! Just address Authors' Press. Dept. 19, Auburn. N. Y.

 STORIES, POEMS, PLAYS, ETC..
ARE WANTED FOR PUBLICATION. Good ideas bring
big money. Submit Mss. or write Literary Bureau, 110,
Hannibal, Mo.

 WANTED—STORIES, ARTICLES, POEMS FOR NEW
MAGAZINE. We pay on acceptance. Typed or handwritten
MSS. acceptable. Send MSS. to Woman's National Magazine,
Desk 919, Washington, D. C.

 BUSINESS AND CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

  THE AMERICAN SCHOOL OF AVIATION announces a new
 correspondence course in Mechanics of Aviation. A thorough
 training in Practical Aeronautics. American School of Aviation,
 Dept. 1087, 431 S. Dearborn Street, Chicago, 111.

FARM LANDS

 OWN YOUR OWN ORANGE GROVE IN BEAUTIFUL
 FRUITLAND PARK. Write today for information how you can
 own it on easy terms. Lake County Land Owners' Association,
 17 Beauty Street, Fruitland Park. Florida.

MOTION PICTURE PLAYS

 PHOTOPLAYS WANTED BY 48 COMPANIES; $10 TO $500
 EACH PAID FOR PLAYS. No correspondence course or ex-
 perience needed: details sent free to beginners. Sell your ideas.
 Producers League, 388 Wainwright, St. Louis, Mo.

PATENT ATTORNEYS

PATENTS. Highest references. Best results. Promptness assured.
Booklet free. Watson E. Coleman, 624 F St., Washington, D. C.

  PATENTS. If you have an invention write for our Guide
Book, “How To Get A Patent." Send model or sketch and
description, and we will give our opinion as to its patentable
nature. Randolph & Co., 630 F, Washington, D. C.

 PATENTS. WRITE FOR FREE ILLUSTRATED GUIDE
BOOK, HOW TO OBTAIN A PATENT. Send model or sketch
and description for our opinion of its patentable nature
Free. Highest References. Prompt Attention. Reasonable Terms.
Victor J. Evans & Co., 762 Ninth, Washington, D. C.

 INVENTORS — SEND SKETCH OF YOUR
INVENTION for advice regarding patent protection.
Twenty years’ experience. Hand-book on Patents sent Free.
Talbert & Talbert, Patent Lawyers, 4735 Talbert Building,
Washington, D. C.

  YOU read these little advertisements. Perhaps you obtain
through them things you want; things you might never have
known about if you had not looked here. Did it ever strike
you other people would read your message—that they would
buy what you have to sell; whether it is a bicycle you
no longer need, a patented novelty you desire to push, or
maybe your own services? Our Classified Service Bureau will
gladly show you how to use this section most profitably
and at the least cost. Write to-day to the Classified Manager,
The Argosy Combination, 280 Broadway, New York.

       TELEGRAPHY

RADIO TELEPHONY AND TELEGRAPHY Simply Explained.

Not a text book to be studied, but an interesting story to be read.
Those who wish to add a knowledge of the fundamental principles
of radio to their general education will find this book interesting
and instructive. Those who wish to take up the study of radio
should read this book before attempting the larger text books.
Will be mailed on the receipt of fifty cents. Iconocraft Pub. Co.,
1430 Broadway, New York.

All-Story Weekly

An all-fiction publication filled from cover to cover with storiei
of real human interest—tales of love, daring- and humor. The
All-Story has the real grip on the reading that you’ve been
looking for. Buy the current number and be convinced.

               10 cents at all newsstands
The Frank A. Munsey Company
280 Broadway	New York, N. Y.

 In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.

Hon. Champ Clark,

House of Representatives,
Washington, D. C.

   I have carried a “ Santa
Fe Special ” for three or four
years and find it to be an ad-
mirable timepiece.

Champ Clark.

Write Me Today

Alonzo S. Thomas
Pres. Santa Fe Watch Co.

  21 Perfect Jewels
  Adjusted to Positions
  Adjusted to
  Temperature
  Adjusted to
  Isochronism
  Adjusted to the Second
  Thin Model-All Sizes

   The One Standard Watch Guaranteed for a Lifetime of Satisfactory
  Service, not only by the Santa Fe Watch Co. but by the Great
  Illinois Springfield Watch Factory. I will send one for you to
  see WITHOUT ONE PENNY DOWN, allow you to wear it 30
  days FREE, then sell it to you on very Easy Payments on a
  binding money-back guarantee. Your name or monogram and
  any emblem you may desire will be engraved in the Case to suit
  your own ideas. Write for Free Watch Book and make your
  selection before these 5,000 Watches are all gone. Don’t delay.

Santa Fe Watch Company,

  1057 Thomas Building,	Topeka, Kansas.

(Home of the Great Santa Fe Railway)

[<fontaTfeSpeeial MyS.

21JEWEL«H4n(

A letter, post card or this coupon will brine My
Free Watch Book

SANTA FE WATCH CO., 1057 Thomas Bids., Topeka, Kansas.

  Please send me your New Watch Book with the understanding:
  that this request does not obligate me in any way.

Name...........................................................

Address.........................................................

State...........................................................

 Pres. Santa Fe Watch Co.

 I want you to see the latest designs
 in Engraved Cases used on my " Santa
 Fe Special ” Watches—especially the ele-
 gant French Art Designs, and the 3-
 color -enamel inlaid work. Think how
 distinctive and personal Your Watch will
 be with your name or monogram
 beautifully engraved in the Case, with
 an appropriate emblem inlaid in the
 3 colors. You will appreciate the won-
 derful Bargain I am offering you when
 you see the beauty of these splendid
 Watches, as they are shown in their
 natural colors in my Free Watch Book.

    Write me personally, today, I want to tell you how
 you may join my “ 5,000 Watch Club ” and wear one
 of these beautiful Watches on Easy Payments.

    I want to tell you about the Watch that is going to
 more than double the Watch Sales of my Company this
 year, and the remarkable offer I am making. The 5,000
 “ Santa Fe Special ” Watches set aside for this experi-
 ment, with the Price Cut to ABSOLUTELY ROCK
 BOTTOM, are going so rapidly that you will have to
 write at once if you want one of them. I am making this
 Startling Offer to men who will tell
 their friends of this splendid Watch
 Value, if they find the Watches all
 or more than I claim for them.

Signed,

 Watch Book
 TODAY!
ADVERTISING SECTION.

 Diamond
 Rings
 For Gifts

 All through the year there

 are gift occasions—such as
 weddings* anniversaries*
 birthdays, parting gifts and
 the great Christmas Season
 now approaching. There is
 no need for you to make
 trifling presents in order to
 pay all cash. You can open
 charge account with us
 and malce handsome worth-
 while gifts with a very
 little ready money.

  Send for Free Jewelry Catalog

 EVERY ARTICLE IN OUR CATALOG is specially selected and
 priced unusually low. Whatever you select will be sent prepaid
 by us. You m« and examlno the article right In your own
 hands. If satisfied, pay one-fifth of purchase price and keep it;
 balance divided into eight equal amounts, payable monthly.

                           LIBERTY BONDS ACCEPTED

IO p TIS The National Credit Jewelers
IhTnone ara 0e|’1, l'm- 108 "•s,a,e s,~ Chi«»»-1".

 ■■■ DKU5 it UJ. IBS!	STORES IN LEADING CITIES

One of our latest models.___

mond set in the new White Gold,
giving the appearance of added
size. See our Catalog for a full
line of Solitaire and Cluster
Rings.in all the new mountings,
priced at $40, $50, $60, $75, $85,
$100, $150 and up.

                    HE Woolworth building in
New York grew from the
profits on s and 10 cent
sales. Selling Crispettes for 5 cents
has made many a man and woman
comfortable for life. $2,000 to
$4,000 a year is not beyond the
reach of people who will give the
business time and attention. Some
have made much more.

 Ira Shook, Flint, Mich., writes
 us “$270 in one day.” Kellog,
 “ $700 ahead in two weeks.”
 Thompson, “$525 in 27 days.”
 Meisner, “ $250 in one day.”

 “Dollars and Sense in Crispettes”
   Is a free illustrated book telling how to start in
   the Crisi>ette business and giving the story of
   many successes. Very interesting. Send for it
   today and get started this Spring.

 - #*• w. z. LONG

  W. Z. Long Company,	ly	/-./%

   lJtOS High St., Springfield, O. , jw*.	V-VA

    Please tell me how I can start Q&w y ^^08 High St.
    in the Crispette business. Send	J Springfield, O.

    me free book giving /acts and
    testimonials.

gSS

SSL-*

%t*'L

*«•»«*!

SSSSj

Let 5 Cent Pieces Build a Business For You

  Full size white enamel tub, nickeled -
  12-gral. tank. Closes up in space 3 ft. I
  square. On castors—roll it anywhere. I
  Heater attachment for kerosene, tras-1
  olene or g-as. Water heats quickly,|

  waste drains through hoee attach-^
  ed to temporary or permanent
  outlet. Simple. Guaranteed. |

  Write for catalog and price. A

  Rowe Sanitary Mfg. Co.

       1003 6th Street
  Detroit, Mich.

 Ask about
 Bo-San. Indoor^
 Closets and Wash-?
 stands. No t
 Plumbing Required.

TRiAb

Kill The Hair Root

 My method is the only way to prevent the hair from
 growing again. Easy, painless, harmless. No scars.
 Booklet free. Write today, enclosing 2 stamps. We
 teach Beauty Culture.

 D. 1. MAHLER, 3380 XX Mahler Park, Providence, R. I.

Action! Fun! Novelty!
Punch!

£

You find them in good moving pic-
tures ; you find them in the

ARGOSY

ISSUED WEEKLY
Pioneer A ll-Fiction Magazine
&

 Argosy stories make bully films,
 and scores of them have been
 turned into movies. Buy a copy of
 the magazine to-day and see why.

All news-stands—Every Thursday
TEN CENTS

The Frank A. Munsey
Company

   280 Broadway, New York

 In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that ymt mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

No. M-II2—Engraved Bar Pin. Solid 10K Gold-
Price Si-10.

HAMPDEN

             No. M 113 Solid
             Sterling Thimble
             Sizes 5 to 11—

                Price $0.23.

No. M 115

Diamond Se£ LaVufc*
Herewith Pearl. Solid,
10K Gold, including';
Neck Chain— J
Price $8.50.	-I

No. M-VS^l i 4 —

Diamond Set LaVal-
liere with Pearls,
Solid 10K Gold, in-
cluding Neck Chain
—Price $12.50.

No. M-116—Lady's
Fine Diamond King,
Solid 14 K Gold
Mounting—

Price S47.50.

No. M 105—Open race, 21 jewel,
adjusted to 5 positions, Dueber
Hampden Railroad Watch, com-
plete in 25-year gold case—
Price S47.50.	I

No. M 06 — Solid,
10K Gold —Horse-
shoe Scarf Pin—

Price $1.00.

 No.M J«7V
 10K Gold P
 Scarf Pin-—
 Price $1.00

No. M-117—Pair Lingerie
Pins, Solid 10K Gold—
Price $1.50.

No. M-118—Pair Solid
I OK Gold Handy Pins—
Price $1.00.

No. M 108—Men’s
Fine Diamond Ring,
14K Solid Gold
v mounting—
S£\Price $47.50.

 No. M 109—Brooch, Blue
 Sapphire, Solid 10K Gold—
 Price $1.85.

 No. M-110—Brooch, Gr
 Gold Leaf—Solid 10K <j
 —Price $1.85.

No. M-lli—Indestructible Pearl Necklace, 15 Inches long,
beautifully graduated, solid 10K Gold Clasp—Price $10.00.
Other sizes and grades shown in our catalogue up to $75.00.

No. M-119—Small size, 15 Jewel, adjusted to positions, Lady’s
Bracelet Watch, complete in 20-year gold case—Price $25.00.

SQUARE DEAL MILLER’S OFFER

A complete jewelry store in my Free Catalog. Now is the time to choose and purchase your
Christmas gifts. Avoid delay. Everything you want. Jewelry of every description; Ivory Toilet
Sets; Mahogany Ware, Cut Glass, Leather Goods and Novelties. Presents from 25 cents up to any
price. The best and greatest selection. It is not too early to buy Xmas Gifts. Any of these goods
on credit. Order from this advertisement. Send for the catalog. Read the terms.

I Smash the Terms	!	catalog coupon

A CHARGE ACCOUNT. My terms will surely suit you. You J MILLER-HOEFER CO

get unlimited credit. The same as you get with the grocer. No	1123 Miller Bldg.’ Detroit, Mich.

matter wnere you are or what your income i> you can get the J

finest jewelry on credit. Write for the catalog. Send your J Please send me your Free Catalog to my addreflfl
name and I will send it postage prepaid. DO IT TODAY.

MILLER-HOEFER CO.	N“me...........................................................-

1123 Miller Bldg., Detroit, Mich.	J Address.......................................................-

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION.

POSITION

SALARY

AUTOMOBILE

ENGINEER

WEEK

REPAIR MAN

A

WEEKl

CHAUFFEUR

A

WEEK]

NAME

Put Your Name

On This Pay-Ro

   Men like you are wanted for big-pay positions in the fascinating field
 of automobile engineering. We have made it easy for you to fit your-
 self for one of these positions. You don’t have to go to school. You don’t
 have to serve an apprenticeship. Fifteen automobile engineers and spe-
 cialists have compiled a spare time reading course that will equip you to
 be an automobile expert without taking any time from your present work.

AUTO BOOKS

6 Volumes Shipped Free

 Now ready for you—an up-to-the-minute six-
 volume library on Automobile Engineering, cover-
 ing the construction, care and repair of pleasure
 cars, motor trucks and motorcycles. Brimming
 over with advanced information on Lighting Systems, Garage
 Design and Equipment, Welding and other repair methods.

  Contains everything that a mechanic or an engineer or .a
  motorcyclist or the owner or prospective owner of a motorcar
  ought to know. Written in simple language that anybody
  can understand. Tastefully bound in American Morocco flex-
  ible covers, gold stamped, 2650 pages and 2100 illustrations, tables
  and explanatory diagrams. A library that cost thousands of dollars
  to compile but that comes to you free for 7 days’ examination.

Only 7c a Day

Not a cent to pay in advance. First you see the books in your f
own home or shop. Just mail coupon and pay express charges j
when books arrive. You can read them and study them for seven whole days *
before you decide whether you want to keep them or not. If you like the y jj .
books send only $2 in seven days and $2 a month until the special *
introductory price of $19.80 has been paid. (Regular price $30.00.) y.

                    Along with the set goes a year’s consulting member- y American
                    ship in the American Technical Society. (Regular y Technical

 Partial List of
 Contents

 More than 100 Blue
 Prints of Wiring
 Diagrams
 Explosion Motors
 Welding

 Motor Construction and
 Repair
 Carburctorsand Settings
 Valves, Cooling
 Lubrication
 Fly-Wheels
 Clutch

 Transmission
 Final Drive
 Steering Frames
 Tires

 Vulcanizing

  Ignition

  Starting and Lighting
  Systems
  Shop Kinks
  Commercial Garage
  Design and Equipment
  Electrics
  Storage Batteries
  Care and Repair
  Motorcycles
  Commercial Trucks
  Glossary

 price $12.) This great bargain offer must soon
 be withdrawn.

Send No Money /

_.	t\__u	______ i m

Now

                                                      Society
                                                      Chicago, Illinois

                                                     Please send me the _6-
                     ,	— w volume set. Automobile

Don t take our word > Engineering, for 7 days’ex -

- .. — _ _ .	* animation, shipping: charges

for it See the books / ^llect,- «Jf to b!J?t1

.	a will send $2 within 7 days and the

COSt. 1 here	balance at $2 a month until the

,	. 7?. te -	> $19.80 has been paid. Then you

much profit m this offer for you, S send me a receipt showing that the

 that wp iiro'P von to nnf n	X $30.00 set of books and the $12 Con-

 inai we urge you TO waste not a	* suiting Membership are mine and fully
 moment m sending for the * paid for. If I think I can get along with-
 Iwil/c Put the counnn in f out the books after the seven days’trial

 DOOKS. rui ine coupon in	w,n retnm them at your expense,
 the mails today, bend no f
 money—Just the coupon! /

 Name ■

 American Technical y

n	f Address........................................

 Society, Dept. A107 /

Chicago, III.	_ —_____

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine
                    Baird-North Co., gold and silversmiths, will send Free and
            Postpaid on request (post card will do) their 175-page Jewelry
            Book showing 10,000 articles in Jewelry, Diamonds,

             Watches, Silverware, Leather Goods, Toilet Sets, Fine
             Cutlery, Hand Bags and Choice Novelties for personal
             and household use. All goods are sold and guaran-
             teed direct to user at a substantial saving by this old,
             reliable quality house, which during the past 24 years has
             built up the world’s largest mail order jewelry business.

 10,000 Articles to Select From

 The articles illustrated here are but faint suggestions of the
 unlimited selection offered by the 10,000 articles in the Baird-
 No. 1310 f o'-k North Jewelry Book which contains 175 pages of wonderfully
 attractive money-saving offers. Mail free coupon for it today.

Gold La Va Mere:

green gold, set with
sapphire; chain 15
inches long. Pricte
only $5.

Baird-North Save You Money
—Satisfaction or Money Back

 No. 1510

Handsome Sterling
Silver Cheese aerv-

shown, engraved free.

Nn 13AQ Solid 10 K Gold

HO. 10*13 Loose Cuff Buttons;

engraved border,English finish; en-
graving, as shown, free. Price, $5.

No. 1513

 Brass Ash

  Tray;withglass
  lining; two ci-
  gar i ests and
  match holder
  Priceonly 85c

No. 1332

me-not

pearl
petals.

er; letter, as shown, engra^

.	Big value at only $1.25.

      Average values from the 175-page Free Baird-
      North Jewelry Book show that we save you
      money on quality goods. Prove it for yourself!

      Order any of the articles shown on this page,
      and if you are not fully satisfied with values
      received, we will promptly refund your money.

     Avoid High Prices

      Don’t pay high prices when you can make a big
      saving by ordering direct the easy “Baird-
      North way,” from a stock of 10,000 articles.

 “Mail Order Shopping” is the only right way to buy
 jewelry, etc., when you can deal direct with a re-
 sponsible old-established house like Baird-North Co.

Send for Jewelry Book FREE /Baird.North ^

 This big 175-page Free Book, teeming with 10 000 /	Providence. R. 1.

 money-saving offers, is your safe.guide to right * ^ ^ Free w;tho„t
 buying. The coupon or a post card brings it— / obligation o( any kind, your 175-
 Free and Postpaid—to your home or office. / page Jewelry Book, containing
 A mighty valuable book to have conven- / 10.000 articles in jewelry and novelty
 iently at hand. Get it free! Mail coupon ✓ goods,
 or post card now.	f

Nn 1711 Beautiful 6-piece
HOa I I I I ivory Manicure Set

in genuine leather case, lined with
figured silkateen. Price, $3.

Baird-North Co. /

Established 1895 Capital $800,000 f

Dept. 58 Providence, R. I. f

____f City.

Address.

 .State.
