SECRET OF THE SERPENT

by DON WILCOX
DESIGNED FOR YOUR ENTERTAINMENT

Ziff-Davis Fiction Magazines Have a 22-year Record For
Excellence That Has Become A By-word In The Magazine
World. When You Read A Ziff-Davis Magazine, You Read

The Best.

li/e Reco-mmesiA <7<4e4e

ACE PRESENTATIONS FOR THE FEBRUARY ISSUES

PROMETHEUS II

By S. J. Byrne

A colossal novel of the future, predicated
on what might happen if Russia and
America came to armed conflict. Plus
a staggering new concept of the cavern
worlds presented by Richard S. Shaver.

  (On sale December 9)

 GOLD AND GUNS

 By Rex Engel

A brand new, smashing book-length

novel of the west by a writer new to the

field, but bowing himself in without

apology! Here’s a western story you’ll

/_ -	.	read and remember with a lot of pleasure.

  (On ro p November 25)

SLAVES OF THE WORN

By Richard S. Shaver

One of the most eerie, unforgettable
stories ever presented in the pages of
Fantastic Adventures. Here is a story that
will not easily be surpassed, even by
the imagination of a Lovecraft.

(On sale December 19)

ALL THESE AND MANY MORE COMPLETE STORIES
IN THE FEBRUARY FICTION GROUP
FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

3

I send you Soldering Equipment and
Radio Parts; show you how to do Radio
soldering; how to mount and connect
Radio parts; give you practical experience.

Early in my course I show you how to
buila this N.R.I. Tester with parts I send.
It soon helps you fix neighborhood Radios
and earn EXTRA money in spare time.

You get parts to build Radio Circuits;
then test them; see how they work; learn
how to design special circuits: how to
locate and repair circuit defects.

You get parts to build this Vacuum Tube
Power Pack; make changes which give

 J'ou experience with packs of many kinds;
 earn to correct power pack troubles.

You build this Superheterodyne Receiver
which brings in focal and distant sta-
tions—and gives you more experience to
help you win success in Radio.

KNOW

I Will Train You ot Hone-SAMPLE LESSON FREE

  Do you want a good-pay job in the
fast-growing Radio Industry—or your
own Radio Shop? Mail the Coupon
for a Sample Lesson and my 64-page
hook, "How to Be a Success in RA-
DIO—Television, Electronics,” both
FREE. See how I will train you at
home—how you get practical Radio
experience building, testing Radio cir-
cuits with BIG KITS OF PARTS I
send!

Many Beginners Soon Make Extra
Money in Spare Time While
Learning

  The day you enroll I start sending
EXTRA MONEY manuals that show
how to make EXTRA money fixing
neighbors’ Radios in spare time while
still learning 1 It’s probably easier to

get started now than ever before, be-
cause the Radio Repair Business is
booming. Trained Radio Technicians
also find profitable opportunities in
Police, Aviation, Marine Radio, Broad-
casting, Radio Manufacturing, Public
Address work. Think of even greater
opportunities as Television, FM, and
Electronic devices bccome available to
the public! Send for FREE books
now!

Find Out What NRI Can Do For You

  Mall Coupon for Sample Lesson and my
FREE 64-page book. Read the details about
my Course; letters from men I trained; sea
how quickly, easily you can get started. No
obligation! Just MAIL COUPON NOW in
envelope or paste on penny postal. J. E.
SMITH, President, Dept. 8AWI, National
Radio Institute, Pioneer Home Study Radio
School, Washington 9, D. C.

 VETERANS

  You can get this training right in

ycur own home under G. I. Bill.
Mail coupon for full details.

My training includes TELEVISION • ELECTRONICS

MR. J. E. SMITH. President. Dept. 8AWI,

National Radio Institute,Washington 9,D.C.

 Mail me FREE, your sample lesson and
 64-page book. (No salesman will call.

 Please write plainly.)

Name..................-..................... Age

Address......................-...................

City ......................-......Zone......State

K»a»«x • » ri	m
JANUARY 1948

All tf-eatutel Gompieie

WILLIAM B. ZIFF

Chairman of the Board
and Publisher

B. G. DAVIS

President

Vice Presidents

GEORGE BERNER

Sales and Advertising Director

MICHAEL H. FROELICH

Editorial Director

H. I. MORGANROTH

Production Director

H. G. STRONG

Circulation Director

Secretary-T reasurer
A. I. PULLEN

Art Director
HERMAN R. BOLLIN

Editor

RAYMOND A. PALMER

Managing Editor
WILLIAM L. HAMLING

Art Editor
MALCOLM SMITH

THE EDITOR'S NOTEBOOK

By The Editor...................................... 6

THE VANISHING DOCTOR

By Charles Recour.................................. 65

PLIGHT OF THE NAVAHO

By The Editor...................................... 79

CATCHING THE AKUAKU

By Fran Ferris...................................... 11®

THE TUNNEL OF LOVE

By H. R. Stanton................................... HI

SHRINKING HUMAN HEADS

By June Lurie...................................... 118

FEAST OF THE LANTERNS

By Pete Bogg...................................... 118

BELLEROPHON AND PEGASUS

By Leslie Phelps.................................... 119

COMETS AND METEORS

By Frances Yerxa................................... 130

HISTORY OF THE VAMPIRE USTRELS

By Jon Barry....................................... 131

FORECAST OF TOMORROW’S BREAKFAST

By J. R. Marks..................................... 131

EGYPTIAN FESTIVAL FOR ARES

By Kay Bennett..................................... 167

WHAT'S UNDER AN ANT HILL?

By Sandy Miller.................................... 167

READER'S PAGE

By The Readers.................................... 168

THE THING ON THE MOON

By A. Morris & Malcolm Smith....................... 178

Front cover painting by Robert Gibson Jones, illustrating a
scene from "Secret Of The Serpent."

Back cover painting by Malcolm Smith.

%/G

Published monthly by ZIFF-DAVIS PUBLISHING COMPANY at 185 North Wabash
Ave Chicago 1, 111. New York Office, Empire State Building, New York 1, N. Y.
Washington Office, Washington Building. 15th & New York Avenue. Washington 5,
D 0 Entered as second-class matter, July 9th, 1947, at the Post Office. Chicago, Illi-
nois under the Act of March 3. 1879. In V. S., Canada. Mexico. South and Central
America and D. S. Possessions, $2.50 for twelve issues; In British Empire. $3.50: all
other foreign countries. $4.50 for twelve issues. Subscribers should allow at least
two weeks for change of address. All communications about subscriptions should be
addressed to the Director of Circulation, ZifT-Davis Publishing Company, 185 North
Wabash Ave., Chicago 1, UL
VOLUME 10

NUMBER 1

AIL St&uel Go-mplete

SECRET OF THE SERPENT (Short novel—35,000)............by Don Wilcox................ 8

      Illustrated by Robert Gibson Jones

      Bob Garrison found himself on a strange world, in a strange body—the body of a serpentl

THE FIRE TRAIL (Short—7,000)...........................by Oge-Make................. 66

      Illustrated by Robert Fuqua

      A true story of an ancient Navaho rite—with an important message for all of mankind . . ,

THE ISLE OF DOOM (Novelette—17,300)..................by Robert Moore Williams...... 80

      Illustrated by J. Allen St. John

      Eerie balls of mist hung over the swamp island, waiting for any living thing . . .

EVENSONG (Short—2,700)................................by John and Dorothy de Courcy 112

      Illustrated by Henry Sharp

      Behind Cliff Chamberlain's music was a great purpose—ordained by a higher power ...

ORDERS FOR WILLIE WESTON (Short—5,400)............by William P. McGivern....... 120

      Illustrated by Robert Fuqua

      Willie Weston wanted to join a line outfit—even if he had to die to do it . . .

THE DRUMS OF MURD (Novelette—20,000)................by H. B. Hickey.............. 132

      Illustrated by Malcolm Smith

      When the drums started beating, Lane Magruder followed them—into a strange, evil world.

                       Copyright 1947 ZIFF-DAVIS PUBLISHING COMPANY
      Member of the Audit Bureau of Circulations
      We do not accept responsibility for the return of unsolicited manuscripts or artwork. To facilitate
      handling, the autnor should enclose a self-addressed envelope with the requisite postage attached, and
      artists snould enclose or forward return postage. Accepted material is subject to whatever revision is
      necessary to meet requirements. Payment covers all authors', contributor's and contestants' magazine
      rights in the U.S.A. and all other countries in the article and/or illustrations and for publicity and
      promotion in connection therewith and will be made at our current rates upon acceptance. All photos
      and drawings will be considered as part of material purchased. The names of all characters that are
      used in short stories, serials and semi-fiction articles that deal with types are fictitious. Use of a name
      that is the same as that of any living person is coincidental.
A CONFIDENTIAL CHAT WITH THE ED/TOR

YOU already know the good news for this
month if you’ve taken a good look at the
cover. You’re right, we’re talking about Don
Wilcox and his new short novel, “Secret Of The
Serpent.” This is one of those typically “Wilcox”
stories, if you get what we mean. And that ought
to be plenty judging from Don’s popularity. At
any rate, this yarn will take you to a world
where nature seemed to have gone mad. You
know the old phrase—/ ain’t got no body—well,
on this particular planet a man never could be
sure he did have one! At least thp type of body
he was used to. It’s a humdinger of a story
and all you Wilcox fans will love it. ... And
while we’re talking about the cover story, let’s
not forget the cover itself. Bob Jones, who in
our humble (it says here) opinion is the best
cover man in the fantasy field today—or any
day, has turned out another beautiful job. You’d
be surprised at the number of requests we get
every month for Jones originals. Or maybe you
wouldn’t, as many of you who are reading this
right now have written in yourself. Anyway, we’d
like to say in answer to all these requests that
we only wish we could supply you with some of
Bob’s fine work, but all of our covers are held
for future use in over-seas editions of FA. And
we know you wouldn’t want to deprive the
fantasy fans “over there” of the same pleasure . . .

WE PULLED a fast one on our big sister maga-
zine, AMAZING STORIES, this month.
Knowing how much you readers like Robert
Moore Williams’ stories we just couldn’t resist the
temptation to “steal” one of them for this issue of
FA. You might say that the yarn is not strictly a
fantasy, but it does have all the well-known
ingredients that Bob is famous for putting into
his stories. So when you get to page 80 and start
reading you’ll find some first class science-fiction,
with enough of a fantastic background to satisfy
everyone!

TITE’RE presenting another story by the

*	' de Courcy writing team this month. We feel
safe in saying that “Evensong” is a fine story
of mood with a very neat fantasy pitch. The
de Courcys did a good job—we think. Let us
know what you think after you read it.

VT’OURS and our, old pal, Bill McGivern is back
again too, this issue, with what we think is a

6

really nice fantasy yam. “Orders for Willie
Weston” is a story about a young soldier who
never saw the real part of a war—but wanted
to join a famous combat outfit. So when his
orders came through transferring him to a top-
notch combat division he was very happy—until
he found out that this division had been dis-
banded. But this didn’t stop Willie, because he
—whoa! We nearly spilled it. You take up the
story and find out yourself!

HB. HICKEY returns with a long novelette
•entitled, “The Drums of Murd.” This is
one of those yarns that take you out of the
twentieth century and into the fascinating pages
of history. But not exactly the history of our
Earth as we know it. More like the history of
another world, say Murd . . . What is Murd?
Where is it? Well, you’ll find that out when you
start reading on page 132. Fair enough?

VX^ITH “The Fire Trail” by Oge-Make, we pre-

*	' sent something extremely unusual. There are
several reasons why it is unusual. One: it’s true.
Two: it’s written by a Navaho Indian. Three:
it’s a sincere warning from the Indian to the
White Man. Four: scientists all over the world
agree with the principles set forth in the Indian
warning. To elaborate, the “fire trail” is a Navaho
ceremony which is very ancient and very mystic.
In it, a man in a trance leaves his body, travels
through space and time. Last summer, Oge-
Make did walk the fire trail! He went to ask
a question vital to the existence of the Navaho
people. He met with disappointment. But he
did bring back a message—to the white man I
Thus, every word in “The Fire Trail” is truth, and
the message has been passed on to the white
man in the only way found possible, through
this magazine’s pages! It was passed on to us
by L. Taylor Hansen, noted scientist, who, along
with many other scientists whose opinions we
have, gives great credence to the danger out-
lined in this mystic warning from the red man
from out of the dim past and the far reaches
of space. So read the story and think I We
believe it. And, when you’ve read it, read the
message following it and DO SOMETHING about
THAT! The Navaho Indians have done all they
can to warn us, passing on the most sacred cere-
mony of their tribe. Let’s return the favor, so
desperately needed!—WLH
FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

7

There’ S rhyme and there’s reason in that
statement of I. C. S. advantages to you.

  The courses of these famous schools
are especially designed for study in your
spare time. At work you prove and apply
what you learn.

  This system is hacked up by 56 years of
I. C. S. experience in training men in vir-
tually every industrial and business field.
It works so well that analysis shows about

99% of today’s 100,000 active I. C. S.
students are holding down jobs.

  Many of the men and women now fill-
ing top positions in commerce and in-
dustry obtained their business or tech-
nical training from I. C. S. in just that
way. What they achieved in their spare
time, you can do in yours.

  Start now — as they did — by marking
and mailing this coupon:

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

                                 BOX 6204, SCRANTON 9, PENNA.

Without cost or obligation, please send me full particulars about the course before which I have

 Air Conditioning and	□ Structural Engineering

 Plumbing Court**	□ Surveying and Mapping

□	Air Conditioning	Communications Courses

□	Heating □ Plumbing’ ^ □ Electronics

□	Refrigeration □ Steam Fitting □ Practical Telephony

Chemistry Courses

□	Chemical Engineering

□	Chemistry, Analytical

□	Chemistry. Industrial

□	Chemistry, Mfg. Iron A Steel

□	Petroleum Refining □ Plastics

□	Pulp and Paper Making
Civil Engineering, Architec-
tural and Mining Courses

□	Architectural Drafting

□	Architecture

□	Bridge and Building Foreman

□	Building Estimating

□	Civil Engineering

□	Coal Mining

□	Contracting and Building

□	Highway Engineering

□	Lumber Dealer

□	Reading Structural Blueprints

□	Sanitary Engineering

□	Structural Drafting

G Radio. General

□	Radio Operating

□	Radio Servicing

□	Telegraph Engineering
Electrical Courses

□	Electrical Drafting

□	Electrical Engineering

□	Electrio Light and Power
O Lighting Technician

□	Practical Electrician
Internal Combustion
Engines Coursss

□	Auto Technician □ Aviation

□	Diesel-Electrio

□	Diesel Enginee □ Oa« Engines
Mechanical Courses

C3 Aeronautical Engineering

□	Aircraft Drafting

□	Flight Engineer
D Foundry Work

□	Heat Treatment of ^Metals

Name-

City—

-Age-

State—

 □	Industrial Engineering

 □	Industrial Metallurgy

 □	Machine Shop

 O Mechanical Drafting

 □	Mechanical Engineering
 O Mold-Loft Work

 □	Patternmaking—Wood. Metal

 □	Reading Shop Blueprints

 □	Sheet-Metal Drafting

 □	Sheet-Metal Worker

 □	Ship Drafting □ Ship' Fitting

 □	Tool Designing
 O Toolmaking

 □	Welding—Gas and Electrio
 Railroad Courses

 □	Air Brake □ Car Inspector

 □	Diesel Locomotive

 □	Locomotive Engineer

 □	Locomotive Fireman

 □	Railroad Section Foreman
 Steam Engineering Courses

 D Boilermaking

 □	Combustion Engineering

 □	Engine Running

 □	Marine Engineering

 □	Steam Eleotrio □ Steam Engines
 Home

—Address-

 marked X:

Textile Courses

Cotton Manufacturing
Rayon Weaving
Textile Designing
Woolen Manufacturing
Business and
Academic Courses
Accounting □ Advertising
Arithmetic □ Bookkeeping
Business Correspondence
Business Management
Certified Public Accounting
Commercial
Cost Accounting
Federal Tax
First Year College
Foremanahip □ French
Good English □ High School
Higher Mathematics
Illustrating □ Motor Traffio
Postal Service

Salesmanship □ Secretarial
Sign Lettering
Spanish □ Stenography
Traffic Management

 _Present Position-

Working Hours_

 -AM. I®—

 -P.M.

Special tuition rates to members of the Artned Forces. Special discount to World War II Veterans.
Canadian residents send coupon to International Correspondence Schools Canadian, Ltd., Montreal, Canada.
           My jaws clamped around the struggling body of the pygmy as he screamed

                                                S
Bob Garrison had forgotten everything
about his former life — but in his new life

as a serpent he had a great deal to learn

I STRAINED to keep my head out
of the water as I floundered around
in the blackness, trying to find a
way out. The warm air smelled of
blossoms and I think I should have
been lulled back to sleep if it hadn’t
been for the water that kept rising

around me. Sleep?—how long had I
been sleeping? How long had this com-
plete blackness engulfed me? How did
I happen to be here? Where did I come
from? Who was I? What was my
name?

  A sickening feeling ran through the
10

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

length of my long, coiled body. I didn’t
even know my own name. I had for-
gotten everything—everything that I
was supposed to know in order to carry
out my desperate purpose. What pur-
pose?

 WHAT PURPOSE?

  I screamed within my mind like a
woman falling to her death. There had
been a purpose. An urgent purpose—
something far more important than the
life or death of any one man.

  But how could I have a purpose re-
lating to the life or death of any man
when I was only a coiling, writhing mass
of flesh, lost in some underground black-
ness, with an awful sleepiness engulfing
me, and black water rising around me,
and blossom-scented air lulling me into
sickening illusions of nothingness.

  I tried to fight the water back with
my arms—I had no arms—I had no
legs—and my efforts resulted in the
random thrashing of my long, snake-
like body.

  / was a serpent!

  I had been a man, and I had fallen
through the dense purple clouds as a
man—I was beginning to remember
now. I had come to this ghastly space
island, where the outcasts of the many
planets were sent—to live or to die—
and at the very minute that I had been
sure I would land safely, I had sud-
denly fallen.

  To die? No, to sink into a mire of
blindness, deep in a crevice, where no
sun-like eye of the heavens could pene-
trate. And there, in the slimy waters
of a greenish black river, I had fought
to keep my grip on those last few pre-
cious minutes of life. Broken bones,
crushed skull, life’s blood ebbing away,
pain, pain, such burning pain, such
child-like terror of the unknown that
is death—and then—merciful sleep ...

  But now my consciousness was re-
turning, sharp and sensitive, and my

new snake-like body was finding ways
to swim.

  I swam cautiously, holding my ser-
pent head about a foot and a half above
the surface of the water. Presently a
light broke through the deadly black-
ness—a streak of green which skipped
along the surface of the inky waters.

  The ripples of green expanded. The
cavern walls gradually changed from
coal-black to rock-brown, and I lifted
my head to look up through hundreds
of feet of vertical surfaces. The plan-
et’s outer surface would be up there
somewhere, perhaps two or three miles
above the waters of this deep-cut
stream. I was a prisoner—yes, twice a
prisoner. A prisoner of the deep cre-
vasse and a prisoner of some ghastly
trick of nature that had given me this
serpent’s body.

T LOOKED back, now, and studied the
forty-foot length of purple and green
body that was now my dwelling place.
It was frightening and revolting and
sickening, and I hated the sight of my-
self, and immediately I wished—

  Oh, what a wish! What an awful
thing to wish, at the very moment I
was hating myself so intensely.

  I wished that I could frighten some-
one else! I wished to see someone else
revolted and sickened by the flash of my
green and purple tail through these
black waters.

  I woidd find someone!

  It was a hideous purpose, but I was
a serpent, and it was my purpose. I
was no longer an honored emissary from
the earth who had come to this far-off
space island with the purpose of find-
ing—

 WHAT WAS MY PURPOSE?

  For a moment it had almost flashed
back to me; but now it was gone again,
and only the snake in which I dwelt
could dominate my actions. I wanted
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

11

to frighten someone, and so I swam
through the twisting, sharp-edged pas-
sage.

  Here the walls were only five feet
apart, and as I tried my luck at climb-
ing I discovered the strength of my
coils. In the dim light I saw, for the
first time, that hundreds of folds that
gave form and design to my yellowish-
green belly. The wall’s sharp edges
prodded me with only trifling jabs of
discomfort. It wasn’t bad, this busi-
ness of crawling. It came easy. I
was beginning to like it.

  “If you’re a snake,” I said to myself,
“you don’t actually mind being a
snake—”

  I was speaking half aloud, and my
breathy hiss fascinated me. I tried it
again.

  “If you’re a snake—snake—s-s-s-
snake—s-s-s-s-sss I”

  My hiss echoed up through the walls
and there came an answer 1
“Look out, down there!”

  It was a human voice and it rang
down through the walls like a fire alarm.

  “Look out!” it cried. “There’s a
monster!”

  Up through the hundreds of feet of
jagged brown walls I caught sight of
seven or eight tiny figures of human be-
ings who were working at the upper end
of a long rope. Then I saw, as my eye
followed downward to the near end of
the line, the object of their warning
cries. Two little men, clad in loin
cloths, had been lowered to a shelf of
rock not fifty feet away from my pres-
ent position.

  I say two little men, for they looked
to me to be not more than two and a
half or three feet tall.

“Pygmies!” I said aloud. Then, with
another satisfying hiss, “Pygmiessssss! ”
The two little fellows were wild with
fear at the sight of me. They clambered
along the perilous ledge, trying to get

back to the rope by which they had been
lowered. I could see that they had
been working with ropes and nets of
their own, evidently trying to fish some-
thing out of the river.

  Things happened fast, then, for my
serpent instincts worked more power-
fully than my human intelligence.

  One of the pygmies slipped and fell.

  He struck the surface of the water
with a splash. I could see him there
in the deep green shadows, a black
form bobbing up at the edge of the rock
wall.

  I slithered down to him. He screamed
and struggled, but I caught him in the
coils of my body and crushed him.
Then my jaws opened wide and I took
him in.

  One quick, painful swallow, and I
got him down.

  The men above were firing at me now,
so I swam hard back into the darkness
where their rays couldn’t touch me.
My belly was full, and I was comfort-
able and secure in my warm black
waters. Except for the dull torture of
my human conscience, I was happy to
be a serpent.

CHAPTER II

rT''HE first animal I met, other than
the little human animals I had en-
countered in the river walls, was an-
other monster, who like myself, was
not quite at home in his hideous form.

The very sight of him gave me a great
deal of mental trouble.

  If I had had no more mind than an
ordinary serpent I might not have suf-
fered any agony whatever. I might
have attacked him, and either he would
have killed me or I, him.

  But that bothersome streak of human
intelligence which I still possessed—the
remnant of my previous existence,
12

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

which was still haunting me—made me
know something very important about
this new monster.

  It made me know that he, too, was
a person who had been transformed.

  I met him on the very rim of the
crevasse on the morning that I found
my way to the top. I had climbed
through the long, long night, by the
light of six different moons—or neigh-
boring planets, I couldn’t be sure which.
These heavenly bodies had crossed over
the deep gash that had imprisoned me
for so many hours, and each time I
caught sight of one, sailing slowly across
my thin line of sky, I felt compelled
to climb, faster and faster.

  Each time one passed on, out of
sight, I felt weak and exhausted from
my effort and wished that I were again
at the surface of the water. I belonged
in the water. I was safe there. No,
there was another moon sliding into
sight—I must climb up toward it—
faster, faster!

  When the star-eye which this far-
off planet called its sun at last began to
gray the sky with morning I was sure
that the night had lasted for scores and
scores of earth hours, and I knew that
there would also be a very long day
ahead. It wouldn’t be wise for me to
start back through the deep descent un-
til I had at least found some nourish-
ment. Somewhere there must be more
pygmies. I kept my eyes sharpened
for the sight of any movement along the
surface of the rocky ledge. And there,
in the pink light of dawn I saw it.

  It was large, for a cat—large enough
to be a draft horse or a small elephant
—but that wasn’t what made it such
a weird and formidable sight to my
eyes. It had two heads, and its four
eyes, always turned in the same direc-
tion were casting their baleful greenish-
yellow glare glow at me as I ascended.

  The cat-like body hardly moved. I

might have expected it to bound away
in fear, but it stood its ground. My
coils carried me up through the last
twenty feet of ascent and I worked my
way, as limber as any earthworm, along
the edge.

  The double-headed cat-monster
watched me with its four steady eyes.
When my flipping tail struck a loose
stone and sent ^it clattering down
through the crevasse, the cat-monster
didn’t wink an eye, but simply went
on staring at me. The hair began to
rise on its back. Its claws emerged,
thin white lines that spoke a warning.

  I stopped, holding my head about
four feet above the surface of the boul-
der upon which my chest—if it could
be called a chest—had crawled to a
stop. I drew my head back a few inches
and slowly opened my jaws.

  The cat-monster’s shoulders hunched
dangerously, and the beast showed his
sabre teeth.

JUST then the slight rustle of feet
sounded from a heap of rocks to
my left, and I turned in time to see the
first shot fired. The tongues of red
flame darted out from the muzzles of
three guns.

  Pygmies again!

  They were shooting at the cat-mon-
ster ! One blast—two—three! Deadly
rays of zeego fire. I had seen enough
of it on the earth, I should know. Who-
ever the pygmies were, they possessed
zeego ray guns that had certainly come
from the earth.

  My human impulse was to leap over
the rocks and pounce upon the little
men with my fists swinging. But hu-
man impulses were only a handicap to
my new body. It worked on principles
of its own, and instantly I was crawl-
ing at high speed.

  With fangs bared, I pounced upon
the surprised trio. Three zeego guns
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

13

dropped. Two of the pygmies were
running down a cliff path as hard as
they could go. Their feet thudded with
a fancy little rhythm that reminded me
of a military drum I had heard some-
where. The other sound was the scream
of the third pygmy, whose voice might
have been compared to a screech of a
clarinet in high register. It ended with
a gurgling, choking sound as my coiling
body closed around him.

  One’s serpent habits take hold quick-
ly, I found. Without debating the mat-
ter, I simply gulped him down.

  I would have given the other two a
hard chase, then, if it hadn’t been for
another cry that chilled my cold blood.
The monster-cat—in pain—dying? I
wondered. It had certainly been struck
by the rays of zeego fire. I slithered
back over the rocks to the cliff’s edge.

  The creature had been struck across
both of its foreheads, just above the
four eyes—four greenish-yellow eyes
that were wide with pain and terror.

  The lids all began to close simultane-
ously, for a moment I thought the cat-
monster was dying. Its shoulders sank
and it went down, and it was shrink-
ing—

  Shrinking, smaller and smaller—cry-
ing with pain—crying with the voice of
a girl—

  It was transforming into something—
something more nearly human. Its two
heads were growing smaller. Its body
was losing the fur covering, growing
whiter. Pink shoulders caught the pink
sunlight. Human arms were forming,
clasping the breasts of its human body
and then it was running from me, from
one projecting rock to another, until it
had hidden somewhere in the crags.

  I watched, not daring to follow.

  When it looked out, peering cautious-
ly through the clump of bushes at the
foot of the crags, I saw that its arms
and shoulders were those of a beautiful

girl. Its two heads had been reduced
in size to correspond with its human
body, but they were not human heads.
They were feline heads, in every detail,
and their four cat-like eyes were all
watching me with deadly suspicion.

  I went back to where the three zeego
ray guns had fallen and wondered how
I could manage to pick them up and
use them.

CHAPTER III

TT WAS a strange world, a world in
which no new arrival could know his
rights. In the first place he couldn’t
be sure that he knew himself. In the
second place, he couldn’t be sure of his
own eyes when he tried to know his
neighbors. In the third place, how
could he be sure that anything he did
know for sure today would be the same
tomorrow?

   If it isn’t being too sarcastic, I must
admit that this serpent was tying him-
self in knots, almost literally, for many
hours to come.

  When I would find a pool of water,
and look in and see my new face re-
flected there, for a moment I would
despise myself. Those evil yellowish
eyes of mine were enough to make any-
one hate and distrust me. The fine
scales around my nose and jaws were
almost as sly as my eyes, the way they
would catch the tints from the rocks
and trees and flowers. I knew that I
could lurk in a pool where the pygmies
came to pick the brilliant orange-col-
ored water flowers—the flopetals—and
I could catch enough protective colora-
tion that a pygmy wouldn’t see me until
I sprang. I was sure I could, and if
I ever got hungry enough I would.

  But my powers as a serpent, as I
have already hinted, were the source of
much mental torture. It was bad enough
to possess an animal instinct that would
14

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

cause me to kill and devour little human
beings. It was even worse to realize
that these people must somehow be re-
lated to myself, as proved by the fact
that (a) they were human and (b)
they talked English and (c) they used
earth-men’s weapons.

  Probably you’ve never had an occa-
sion to eat a human being. But if you
have, you know that after your stomach
is filled and your soul is again at peace
with the world, then you can feel all
sorts of remorse for your evil deed.

  I was remorseful regularly about ev-
ery twelve hours. But just as regularly,
too, I became quite hungry—and at
such times I was guilty of hoping, with
all of my forty-foot being, that the sup-
ply of pygmies wouldn’t run out.

  I hoped, too, that they wouldn’t get
too handy with their zeego guns. As a
serpent, I had certain responsibilities
which needed to be carried out faith-
fully. One of them was to take care
of my prisoner.

  I’m speaking of her.

  Yes, she was my prisoner, and I was
taking care of her. I was protecting
her, too. Whenever I thought the pyg-
mies were in danger of discovering her
hiding place, I found a way to warn her
that they were coming.

  Her two cat-like heads were always
alert to my coming, it seemed. When-
ever I came crawling along the cliff
path toward the cavern pool where she
lived, I would hear her plunge into the
water, and that was proof that she had
heard me coming. Then I would see
her—the two heads of her—swimming
along quietly to the narrow opening in
the wall of rock. Somehow it reminded
me of a corner in a well planned zoo,
for it was a perfect retreat from the
passing public. The public, in this
case, being one forty-foot purple and
green serpent.

  So it was that I kept her a prisoner,

and cared for her, and came to think
of her more as a pair of untamed cats,
joined by a whimsy of nature into a
single body. Either the water or the
cave would conceal her body from my
eyes, as a rule, and I ceased to think
of her as having human qualities.

  At first I had tried a few times to
talk with her; but neither of her heads
had offered any answers. I lapsed into
a more frequent use of my warning
hisses, consequently, and began to neg-
lect my serpent’s efforts to talk English.

/^vNE day—which is to say, many
many hours after this very strange
life had begun—something happened
which changed everything almost with
the speed of light.

  A broken space ship came hurtling
down out of the sky, and when it fell
within five hundred feet of the sur-
face it blew outward in dozens of pieces,
like a shell exploding. The pieces must
have scattered over at least a five mile
radius, and there wasn’t much chance,
I assumed, that any band of half civi-
lized pygmies would ever pick them up.
And I was right.

  But I was wrong in thinking that
this rain of wreckage would go un-
noticed.

  From a mountain peak twenty-five
or thirty miles away a whole squadron
of planes came out to swish back and
forth across the valley, and I knew that
there was someone in these parts who
was more concerned with this hail of
trouble than the pygmies. Fifteen
planes hummed over, as slowly as a
hawk soars over a field in search of a
mouse.

  They came low over the edge of the
crevasse.

  I crawled back into a clump of bushes
where I wouldn’t be seen. I could see
the two cat heads at the mouth of the
small cave, so I knew that she was
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

15

watching too.

  “Don’t let them see you,” I called.
It was the first time I had spoken in
English for many hours. She looked
at me and folded her white arms tighter.
She moved deeper into the water so that
only two pink noses and four yellow
eyes remained above the surface.

  A few minutes later the plane drifted
directly over the small pool. By this
time I had guessed that they were look-
down upon every bit of lake or rivulet
or feeder stream that cascaded into the
deep crevasse. Why, I would learn
later.

  One of the planes circled back over
the little pool. By this time she was
back in the cave, and I was reasonably
sure that they hadn’t seen either her or
me. But they threw out a package as
they went over and it fell toward the
pool.

  It burst just before it struck. It burst
like a clocd of flour—or better, sulphur,
for it was creamy yellow in color. It
struck the surface of the water, and
there was a bubbling and hissing of
steam.

  Then I heard her cry.

  I tried to interpret the wail as that of
two voices, not one. There was no rea-
son, I thought, that one of the voices
should cry and not the other. Yet I
somehow knew, in spite of the spine-
chilling echoes of the cavern, that it was
only one voice. And not a feline voice,
either. It was the cry of a girl.

  Instantly I plunged into the pool. It
was the first time that I had tried to
approach her since that morning when
I had seen her as a dangerous furry
monster. The whirl of steam blinded
me for a moment, and the fumes caught
in my lungs and seemed to burst out
through my chest—if I could call it a
chest—and thudded out like pounding
hammers at my shoulders—

  My shoulders?

  The fumes stung my lungs, and the
steam burned at my eyes, and then sud-
denly it was over and the air was clear,
and there was the pool of blue water,
with my long snake-like body showing
green and purple through the waves.

  I was ashamed to be there, so close,
then. For the girl in the cave before me
thought I was being ill-mannered to in-
trude upon her.

  The girl? Yes, with the same white
arms folded tightly over her breasts,
and the pink light of the sun kissing her
pink shoulders. She moved down a lit-
tle deeper into the water, so that only
her head—her beautiful human head,
with flowing dark hair, a pair of fright-
ened dark eyes, and lips parted in
speechless wonderment—showed above
the surface of the water.

  I knew this person. I had seen her
before. Where? When? If I could only
remember how this had all come
about—

  She spoke, then, breathlessly.

  “Look, Bob, you have arms now,”
she said. Then, “You are Bob, aren’t
you?”

CHAPTER IV

J^EFORE I had a chance to answer,
she cried, “Hide quick! They’re
coming 1”

  The hum of planes was on us almost
without warning. I made a dart toward
the cave—her cave—and at the same
instant I caught sight of my own reflec-
tion in the water—my vicious-looking
eyes! That was what turned me back.
As a serpent I didn’t trust myself to
invade her private refuge. I whirled
about, and the water splashed high
around the rocky walls.

  “Quick! Get out of sight!” she cried.

  I crawled faster than I had ever
crawled before. I thought I was headed
in the right direction to make the clump
16

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

of bushes before the planes came too
close. But I was wrong on both counts.
With my serpent’s head whirling to
keep watch on their approach, I missed
my direction and sped right into the
crevasse!

  My human arms grabbed frantically
at the ragged edge of rock. What a fu-
tile gesture! My muscular forty-foot
body was racing too fast to be caught
by a thin pair of arms. I rolled into the
opening.

  As I fell, I caught myself momen-
tarily on the first ledge. My head and
neck fought to catch around the rocky
projections, and my hands beat at the
walls for a hold. But the bulk of my
body was already falling, like the loops
of a cable, and if I had tried to hold
fast I would surely have snapped my
head off.

  It was a strange thought for my mind
to feed upon as I fell. Some boyhood
experience was coming back to me. In
the fields—in the pastures—somewhere
long ago on a more friendly planet, the
earth. The snakes of those fields may
have been friendly, but I was a boy and
a snake was a snake, and I had used
to kill them by grabbing their tails and
cracking them like a whip to break
their necks.

  I was falling, falling, down and down
through two or three miles of rocky
walls. I was turning, writhing, twist-
ing, trying to widen my coiled body to
catch like a steel spring within the nar-
rowing walls.

  Rip! The curve of my side struck a
projection, and the green and purple
pattern tore with a gash of red.

  Within a hundred feet of the bottom,
I managed to straighten out my body
so that the loop was in a vertical plane,
and the wall burns were avoided.

  Splasssssssh!

  What an echo, up and down through
the crevasse. I sank under instantly,

still I heard it, and it seemed that the
greenish-black waters were alive with
the sounds for minutes afterward.

  When my head emerged and again I
began to breathe the soft blossom-filled
air, my first thought was of the girl.
She had called me Bob.

  Was I Bob?

  What had made her think that I was
anything more than a slimy reptile?

  The thought* was too much for me,
burdened as I was by a water-spanked
belly and a torn side. I relaxed and
failed to find the stamina I needed to
keep my consciousness from ebbing
away. I fainted away in serpent sleep.

CHAPTER V

'\X7HEN I awakened, the moons were
sliding slowly over my tiny streak
of sky. There would be hours of night
before I should be able to see any hu-
man figures at the top of the opening.
And I was hungry.

  “I’m hungry,” I said aloud. “It’s
good that she isn’t here now.”

  When you speak aloud, that way, you
always stop and wonder whether some-
one might have heard you. Maybe
that’s what gave me the weird feeling
that someone had heard, and that I was
in the presence of company. I tried not
to rustle the waves as I stretched my
neck and peered into the surrounding
darkness. I listened. Nothing but the
low gurgle of water and an occasional
complaining murmur of my empty in-
testinal tract.

  I made a disheartening discovery,
then, and I groaned aloud. I wondered
how a mountain climber would feel if
he got almost to the top and then
skidded on the ice and slid all the way
back and had to start over.

  It had taken me hours and hours of
work to get to the top the first time,
and here I was back in the depths again.
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

17

But that wasn’t all. My arms and hands
were gone!

  With a commendable human impulse
to forego the pleasure of feasting on a
pygmy (since none were likely to be
handy before daybreak) I had decided
to try this stream for clams or fish.
There must be something, I thought, or
the pygmies wouldn’t have been down
here with nets. But my inspiration was
blasted by my discovery. My shoulders
had shrunken into slight lumps where
my cylindrical body enlarged below my
neck. All traces of the appendages had
disappeared.

  Hunting clams or fish without the aid
of hands wasn’t going to be easy. My
serpent’s instinct urged me not to plow
through the water with my mouth open.

  I tried to think of a way out. I was
too hungry to think. I needed a pygmy.
I was too weak and sore to start the
journey back to the surface, two or
three miles overhead. I wondered. . . .
Didn’t any pygmies ever get lost on
their way home from a celebration and
tumble into this place by mistake? I
didn’t wish them any ill luck, and still—

  The thought heartened me and I be-
gan to swim, slowly, painfully, up the
stream. I feared that I might be
doomed to spend much time down here,
and if so I had just as well explore the
whole weird river.

  Curious, the sensations that accom-
panied me on that long night. A few
minutes of moonlight filtered all the
way down to my bright eyes and gave
them a frightening yellow glow in the
water’s reflection. After the moonlight,
darkness. Cloudy darkness, and rain.
Thin drops that splashed over the
length of me as I raised one loop after
another of my rope-like body to the
surface. The sky, again; again the
moon. Again, that mystifying feeling
that someone else was present.

  “Maybe it’s one of those pygmies I

ate,” I said aloud. I listened, unmov-
ing, trying to determine whether my
words had been answered with an ever
so delicate sound—the amused puff of
breath from some listener back there
in the blackness.

  I swam faster. I stopped suddenly
and allowed the waters to swirl around
me. I listened. I did hear the sounds
of breathing—no, whispering!

TT WAS almost over me. Now it was

  retreating. I waited, and it was gone.
I was tempted to follow. A human whis-
per was a promise of food for a hungry
serpent. But I was puzzled as to how
any follower could be hovering over me.

  My plan formed slowly. It would
depend upon finding a sharp turn in
the river to make sure that I would not
give myself away.

  I plowed ahead, increasing my speed.
The narrow line of night sky, high
above me, was darkening again. In a
few moments I came to a sharp turn
that would close away any sights mo-
mentarily from my pursuer. Swishing
through the turn, I applied my muscled
coils to the wall and climbed up.

  Good luck—I slipped out of the wa-
ter almost silently, so there was no
warning splash! Now—careful!

  I bridged between the walls less than
twenty feet above the stream’s surface.
The humps that would have been my
shoulders rested against one side, and
the coil of my belly braced solid against
the other. Thus, my head and neck
were free to move back and forth be-
tween the walls.

  In a moment it came—a length of
rope with a weight on the lower end.
I knew it! My pursuer—or rather,
pursuers—hung from a rope that was
being moved by some guiding force two
or three miles up, at the top of the
crevasse.

  The rope rubbed against my unseen
18

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

body. The occupants of the swing at
the lower end coasted to a stop and
dangled like an uncertain pendulum.

  “What’s happened?” one of them
whispered.

  “We’ve caught on something,” said
the other. “We’d better get loose, too,
or he’ll get away. He was swimming
fast.”

  “Are you sure it was he? It might
be the girl, you know.”

  “If he turned serpent, it’s more likely
to be a man. Here, let’s kick the wall
together and maybe we’ll jar loose. By
George, I can see something right above
us. Looks like it bridges all the way
across. Where’s the light?”

  “We don’t dare show a light,” said
the first voice. “That beast wouldn’t
know whether we were a friend or foe,
and what’s more, he wouldn’t care.”

  That was when I broke my long si-
lence with an ugly hissing question.

  “Whicccch are you?”

  I felt the jerk of the rope as it scraped
past an injured spot on my body and
instantly pulled away from me. The
two men must have had close contact
with their guides high overhead. What-
ever their signal system, they swung
back from me before I could dart for-
ward with my head. They swung back
and up, without stopping for a word of
argument.

  “What’s the hurry?” I hissed.

  One of them answered, “Who are
you?”

  I didn’t know. The girl had called
me Bob, and the name had begun to
ring pleasantly. I had caught the im-
pression that it was all right to be Bob,
as far as she was concerned, but that
it might not be so good to be anyone
else. I wondered.

  “Bring me some food,” I called.

  “Who are you?” the voice returned.

  “How do I know?” I said. “I’m too
hungry to know anything.”

  There was a short whispered con-
sultation. Should they flash the light
on or shouldn’t they? Would the mon-
ster snap at them or would he give them
a chance? The wisps of conversation
were reassuring, and I began to know
that these two meant to be friends, if I
would give them a chance.

  “Are you Bob?” one of them asked
presently.

  “Who is Bob?” I asked.

HPHEY put their heads together
again. If I didn’t know who Bob
was, maybe I wasn’t one of the party
they were seeking after all. Maybe I
hadn’t come to the space island recent-
ly—maybe I was an old-timer here who
had simply kept myself well hidden un-
til yesterday when I had been lured to
the surface by the sight of that two-
headed cat-monster.

  It was all a mystery to me, but I
wasn’t going to turn away any advan-
tage or miss a chance to eat.

  “Pull me up to the surface,” I said,
“so I can find my dinner.” I put con-
siderable hiss in my voice as I added,
“Otherwise I’ll have to eat what I find
down here.”

  “Meaning what?” one of the voices
asked sharply.

  “Meaning you. Hsssssssh. You ”
The rustle from the swing was the
sound of two men making ready for
trouble with ray pistols.

  “All right, fellow,” one of them said.
“Crawl up this way and twine yourself
around the rope. We’ll take you up to
the surface. No false moves, though,
or you’ll never eat another dinner.”

  I obeyed. My long body swished qui-
etly upward between the walls and I
crossed over to the rope. A moon
slipped into sight, high above, and the
two men below me must have had a fair
view of me as I corkscrewed upward.
My sore belly was put to a cruel test,
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

19

trying to hold a grip on a rope no bigger
around than your arm, but presently I
was on and I gave them the signal to
take me up easy. Up we went.

  A few minutes later I slithered over
the edge of the crevasse once more, and
mentally I vowed I would never seek
those lower regions again. I was be-
ginning to have some purposes of my
own.

  There was first of all that big pur-
pose, and all the way up through the
dark walls I had tried my best to re-
call what it was. Someone I must find?
That was getting close, I thought.

  Someone to find—the only someone
I knew up here was the beautiful girl
in the pool. Well, there was the one
purpose that I could swear to. I wanted
to know whether she was still there, and
who she was, and where I had known
her before.

  “Bob,” she had called me. If any
words ever echoed in a snake’s ears,
hers were the words. If any serpent
ever felt obliged to go back to a beau-
tiful woman and find out why she had
dared to trust him as far as that girl
had trusted me, I was that serpent.

  And so, out of these purposes, half
defined, and half foggy, I acted with
the slyness of a snake.

  I could see the outline of a small
plane on the ground. In the light of the
various moons, I could see that its door
was open. Did I dare?

  The rope was still rising, being wound
upward into a blimp that hovered dark-
ly over the crevasse. The men had just
reached the top. Now they would ex-
pect to take me in charge, using their
pistols to command me.

  “This way, you. If you want that
dinner—”

  I didn’t listen. Something from my
half forgotten memories told me that I
knew how to handle a plane, and the
door was open. It was a perfect set-up

if I could crawl in before the guns
started heading me off with red fire.

  Swissssh. Zippp! I shot along over
the cool grass and I ploughed right into
the plane’s entrance.

  There, so far so good. I pushed my
nose against a lever that locked me in.
The men were coming, all right. The
lines of red fire were zeego shots, the
same as the pygmies had used. But
they were outside and I was safe within,
crawling across the floor to the con-
trols.

  Could I, with my serpent’s nose, my
teeth, my hammer-like head, my agile
neck—could I get away with it? In
another moment I would know.

  If it worked, then I would have the
freedom to see what this strange land
was all about. And first of all I would
find that girl, if they hadn’t taken her
already.

  The controls were locked!

  Not a thing responded to my touch.
Not a switch—

  But suddenly, as I was trying one
gadget after another, the lights went
on—surely not from anything I had
done!

  “There,” came a voice through the
speaker, “I guess we’re ready to take
him with us.” Those were voices from
the blimp, coming in on the intercom.

  “Is he in?” another voice said.

  “He crawled right in without any
coaxing,” said one of the voices that
had come up from the depths with me.
“That’s enough to prove that he is Bob.
Look, he’s at the controls now. He’s
our missing pilot, all right. That’s an-
other victory, boys. We’re getting the
party assembled gradually.”

  So I was Bob, a pilot. All right, if
they said so, I’d be agreeable. But I
was also a hungry serpent. I wasn’t a
cooperative animal. I was sly and vi-
cious, and all I wanted was to look out
for myself. If they thought they were
20

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

going to fly me somewhere as a pris-
oner, they had another think coming.
I coiled around and crawled back to the
door and nosed against the lever.

  It wouldn’t open.

  The plane was moving through the
blackness. Yes, it was rising. They
were flying it by remote control, and I
was on my way somewhere, whether I
liked it or not.

CHAPTER VI

      DOUBT about it, they had set a
neat trap for me. And here I was
thinking that I was the sly one. They
may have had the advantage of human
looks, but I’m darned if they hadn’t
out-serpented the serpent.

  We went toward the pink dawn and
landed in the early morning twilight
on a shelf of concrete in the upper level
of a valley between two huge shoulders
of mountain. Here was the stronghold
from which I had seen the planes come,
not so many hours ago, after the blow-
up of a falling space ship.

  My plane landed and came to a stop
in front of a magnificent arched en-
trance. The other planes and the blimp
closed in around me, and a ground crew
of blue-and-orange men came out to
take over.

  The door of my plane was not opened
until a glass-and-metal cage was set up
for me.

  I crawled in without any undue coax-
ing. Their trickery was still working.
They had put a pygmy in the far corner
of the cage. I thought it was a pygmy.
But when my jaws clamped over it I
found that it was a wax imitation. I
spat it out and recoiled to strike back
at someone, I didn’t care whom. How-
ever, the door of my cage had already
slid shut and I was caught.

  If I had been an honored ambassador
from the earth, extending good will and

a promise of interplanetary trade to
this planet, I’m sure my hosts would
have found it in their power to feed me
without any undue delay. And I would
have eaten, and a friendship would have
been sealed then and there, by virtue
of the universal law of brotherhood
that springs from a full stomach.

  But I was a serpent in a cage, and
neither my human voice nor the growl-
ings of my lank intestines could prod
my caretakers to move any faster than
they wished to do.

  “Is he ready for the experiment?” I
heard someone ask.

  “Better take him back into the Z
Lab,” came the answer.

  Not bad looking scientists, I thought
to myself. Plump and well-fed and suf-
ficiently healthy to keep a hungry ser-
pent nourished for a week. What other
attributes these men may have had
didn’t interest me much at the time. I
had caught a fleeting glimpse of the
arched doorway, a noble structure orna-
mented with polished brass, large
enough for planes to enter. Of the
three openings under the arch, I was
taken through the one that served the
automotive traffic. Two trucks spun
past me on their way out to one of the
mountain highways, and I saw that they
were driven by pygmies!

  “This isn’t going to be so pleasant,”
I told myself. “Now how many of
those fellows will I have to account for
when they bring me up before the
judge?”

  I was counting back over my indis-
cretions, shall we say, when the tun-
neled driveway opened into a lighted
room. They wheeled me past a row
of elevators, on through a lobby of au-
tomotive vehicles, and at last through
a door of three square green-metal
panels marked Laboratory Z.

  The room would have been perfectly
dark if someone hadn’t been meddling
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

21

with a lightning machine. As soon as
the Lab door closed behind me, the
lightning had me. I mean, it would have
captured anyone’s attention the first
time. Dark-dark-dark-^a^A/ Dark-
dark-dark-/ia.sA/

  After the first fifteen purplish-white
flashes you began to think you’d caught
the rhythm and could tell when the next
flash was coming. But that was an il-
lusion. Flash-flash-flash! All at once
they were coming fast, and you had a
premonition that they were going to
close in on you and electrocute you.
You couldn’t tell exactly where they
were coming from. But all at once you
saw the door of your cage fly open, and
no one was standing there with guns, so
it was your chance.

  I flashed around and darted out
through the opening. My flying tail
struck the rear wall as I turned, only
to add a hard push to my sudden effort
to slither out while there was a chance.

  Wouldn’t I ever learn?

  It was nothing more than a trick,
of course.

T REALIZED it the moment the last
of my forty-foot body found the cool
concrete floor. The very next flash
showed a derrick-like arm swinging
down from the ceiling. One glimpse—
the resemblance was unmistakable—
it was a package of sulphur-colored
powders, the same as those that had
descended on the girl in the pool.

  Floooof!

  On the instant the blackness of the
room gave way to what seemed a lu-
minous dust storm. My serpent-like
form writhed and whipped and scraped
and fought. The deluge was over me.
I coughed and choked with wild un-
speakable tortures.

  It was over. The air was clearing,
and the steam that had stung deep in
my lungs was melting away. Bars of

lights came on around the room, and
the first thing I saw was my own form
in a huge mirror.

  I moved, half crawling and half
walking, toward the mirror.

  If you can imagine the classical fa-
cade of an old fashioned colonial home,
with two pairs of fifty-foot columns
standing white and solid on either side
of the entrance, that’s the sort of frame
I now approached. It was the highest
mirror I ever saw. A full sized giraffe
could have used it to advantage and
still had room to spare.

  I move up the six wide concrete steps
with considerable pride in my bearing.
You see, I was watching myself in that
mirror, fully aware that something had
transformed me. I had two arms once
more, and also a good pair of human
legs.

  The arms, somewhat to my dismay,
were about six feet long—long enough
that I had at once begun to use them
for front legs. My snake-like body was
still all there, from my scaled face and
sly greenish-yellow eyes all the way
down to my brightly colored tail. But
I had legs! I was walking as well as
crawling.

  “How do you like it?”

  The voice came out of a speaker in
the wall.

  “How did you do it?” I replied. I
looked around to see who was convers-
ing with me, and I spied them—three
men in a plexiglass pill-box on.the op-
posite wall.

  “Come over this way so we can see
you,” one of the men said. “Do you
remember who you are?”

  “Of course,” I said. “I’m Bob Gar-
rison, a registered space ship pilot. I
came to this space island on an er-
rand—”

  I checked myself. After all, it was
none of their concern, so far as I knew.
Just now I was whirling with more
22

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

thoughts than I could hold, but it
wouldn’t do to spill any of the confiden-
tial ones. I was not too sure, after all,
that I was among friends.

  “I’m Bob Garrison,” I repeated.

  “Walk around the room, Bob Garri-
son,” came the order.

  I didn’t mind obeying. It paid to
know what one’s body would and would
not do, and if this was it—well, I needed
a bit of exercise to get my balance.

  All at once the hunger pangs shot
through me, and I stopped, immediately
below the platform where the three men
were perched and looked up at them.
Then the dreadful fact of my pygmy
dinners came back with a new surge of
remorseful conscience. That was awful.
It was hideous. It was terrifying, and
my serpent blood ran cold at the
thought.

  There I was, however, caught be-
tween the human impulse to recover my
civilized feelings and my bestial in-
stincts to leap up at the platform and
devour one of those men.

T LEAPED. I leaped and struck at
the plexiglass enclosure, and almost
hit it.

  “Good action,” one of the men mum-
bled through the speaker. “I can’t re-
call that we’ve ever had such a speci-
men as that before.”

  “I don’t understand,” another scien-
tist replied, “why he shouldn’t have
transformed more completely into his
original stage. He seems to have re-
gained the human memory, all right.
And we’re not going to have any trouble
bringing his arms back to normal. But
he’s taken a pretty deep shock, some-
how, to have that serpent’s body fixed
upon him so stubbornly. How large a
dose of powders did we apply?”

  Their discussion went on along these
lines. The girl, they mentioned, had
come back to normal with only half as

strong an explosion as they had given
me. But someone protested that she
had already been partially reconverted
by means of a shock from zeego gunfire.

  “Why don’t we try the zeego fire on
this one, then?”

  That matter was worth a few minutes’
earnest discussion, and two or three
times I was sure they would decide to
do it. (Once, not so many hours ago, I
had captured three zeego guns of my
own, I recalled, and had tried to find a
pygmy to use them on, but in the end
my appetite had always won over my
scientific ambitions.) They eventually
suspended their discussion. The boss
had better be consulted before they did
anything more to me.

  “He’s a pretty valuable specimen,
just as he stands,” said the chief spokes-
man. “We might ruin him with zeego
fire. I have a hunch—”

  He paused as if perhaps he should
hold back his confidences, but the other
two consultants were already guessing
his thought.

  “Yes, gentlemen, I have a hunch
that Dr. Hunt will prefer to dissect this
specimen as he now stands. An undam-
aged skeleton of this sort will give us
one of the finest studies in the labora-
tory.”

  So that was it! I was to be Dr.
Hunt’s undamaged skeleton, was I?
That was too much.

  And to think that I was the man who
had come to this ghastly outpost of
space on a secret mission, if you please
—to rescue the lost scientist, Dr. Emer-
son Hunt.

  I leaped and struck the underside of
the transparent enclosure so hard that
the floor cracked, and a brace tore loose
from its wall mooring. The three gen-
tlemen must have decided to take their
conference elsewhere. They made a
quick exit and locked the wall door be-
hind them.
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

23

CHAPTER VII

T SHALL be everlastingly thankful to
the caretaker who fed me before my
visit with Flora Hessel. I was ravenous,
and I simply couldn’t have maintained
any outward appearance of civilized
serpenthood if they hadn’t fed me.

  The cage was around me again. I
didn’t mind that. It was just the pro-
tection I needed while I did some tall
thinking. Flora Hessel, bless her heart,
came to me and helped me think. With
her help, it all seemed worthwhile.

  “We were both warned against com-
ing to this outpost in the first place,”
she said.

  I nodded. I was thinking how beau-
tiful a person she was, even dressed in
one of the workmen’s uniforms—a
rough one-piece suit of blue and orange
and a liberal sprinkling of grease spots.
Her dark hair was loosely combed, fall-
ing free over one shoulder. Her bare
legs and arms were lithe and graceful as
she settled herself comfortably in the
chair which a caretaker provided for
her outside my cage.

  “I remember what you said, Bob,”
she smiled, “when they warned you
against coming. You said you had your
own good reason for coming—some-
thing more than hiring out as their pilot,
I was sure. But you never told me.”

  “No, I’ve never told anyone,” I said
cautiously. The fact was that I had
been on the verge of telling her more
than once during our long hours of
flight together. But Ernest Marsch had
done his very best to keep us from
becoming acquainted. Ernest Marsch
had hired each of us for our specialized
jobs, and he had intended that we
should keep our minds on our work.

  “We have heard tales of these strange
transformations before we came,” Flora
went on, looking dreamily off into space,
“don’t know about you, but I simply

didn’t believe they could happen.”

  “I didn’t quite realize,” I admitted.
“Still, that was the very earliest report
that ever came from this land—you
know—after the first wave of settlers
from the earth were shipped off
Mars—”

  It could be found in any modern his-
tory, even though each historian was
careful to word his account in such a
way that the story could be taken as a
legend rather than fact. The first wave
of American and English settlers on the
earth colonies of Mars had gone
through the bitter ordeal of becoming
adjusted to new climatic and gravita-
tional conditions, and the awful experi-
ence had taken its toll. Fifty years
after the first wave of settlers, the sec-
ond wave had come to Mars in great
numbers. They came equipped with
better means of setting up conditions
congenial to their own needs, and they
made a healthy go of it.

  But the second group of Martian set-
tlers simply couldn’t endure the first!
That was the original tragedy—and this
was the fact that every writer of history
deplored. The first group had become
so changed and twisted in their human
nature—shrunken in mind and body
and spirit, and animal-like in their
tastes—that in a sudden act of hysteria
the second group had loaded up hun-
dreds of the first group on derelict space
ships and simply rocketed them out of
the solar system!

  Beyond the solar system, they had
fallen to this mysterious space island,
where the forces of gravitation had been
found to be much like those of the earth.
The drifting planet’s inner heat pro-
vided conditions suitable for life, and
there was life here—life in innumerable
forms. Since much of the interplan-
etary driftwood, living and otherwise,
from the solar system and three other
systems, found its way to this particu-
24

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

lar catchall in the sky, it was not sur-
prising that there would be many forms
of life here.

  But, according to the fanciful legend
which the historians handled with great
caution, those varying forms of life were
the results of transformations that oc-
curred as soon as the creatures from
other planets began to eat the food and
drink the water which this space island
provided.

  And according to the legend, the first
outcasts from the earth colony on Mars
were still living here—not their de-
scendants, but the original members of
the first group. If this were true, they
must be men and women more than two
hundred years of age—or were they
men and women?

  Or were they beasts who roamed the
mountains of Space Island?

rT''HE historians could only cite the

  legend and promise that in time the
scientists would have more answers.

  But scientists were not too eager to
come, considering the odds that a per-
sonal tragedy of some sort would strike
them before they had a chance to set
up a laboratory. As few persons on
the earth realized, Dr. Hunt had come,
but not of his own accord. There had
been a bit of smooth interplanetary
gangsterism back of his sudden disap-
pearance from the well-known Emerson
Laboratories.

  All of this background came welling
up into my thoughts while I talked with
Flora Hessel from my glass and metal
cage. The recent liberation from the
awful serpent-thoughts gave me a flare
of new hope that I might still be on the
trail of my original purpose.

  “I am going to confide in you,” I said
quietly, trying my best to keep the hiss
out of my voice. “But first, you must
tell me something. How did you know,

when you first saw me as a serpent, that
I might be Bob? Why didn’t you guess
me to be Ernest Marsch. Or Pete
Hogan? Or one of the others?”

  “Don’t you know?”

  “There were ten of us on board,” I
said, “and the explosion that struck us
as we were coming in must have either
killed or transformed all of us into
something unrecognizable. I certainly
didn’t recognize you when you were in
your cat-monster body. Not until you
began to reduce into human form. And
even then my mind was too bleary to
remember who you were. I only knew
that I felt friendly toward you.”

  “That was it,” said Flora. “It was
your manner—your friendliness and
your courage. You remember you
rushed after those little gunmen the
minute they started shooting. Pete
Hogan wouldn’t have done that.”

  “But Ernest Marsch might have.
After all, he’s the one who employed
you to come up here and tame some of
his obstreperous workers. He wouldn’t
want to see you shot down after invest-
ing in you.”

  She smiled at the corners of her eyes.
“You’re right. If they’d killed me, he’d
have shaken the gold out of my teeth
to line his pocketbook.”

  “But you knew that I was Bob, not
Ernest Marsch? Are you sure I’m not
Marsch?”

  “You were quite considerate of me
while I was cornered in that cavern
pool,” she said. “For a snake, you used
remarkably nice manners. Marsch
wouldn’t have been that decent even at
his human best, you know.”

  I must admit that her words pleased
me, and I felt that I was better ac-
quainted with her than I had been at
any time during the trip. Marsch had
tried to drive a wedge between the two
of us from the start. He had warned
me that she was a dangerous person—
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

25

that she had once come very nearly
being a gangster’s moll—that she had
been mixed up in a gang war that had
resulted in five killings one dark night
on the west side. But I knew that what-
ever her past had been, she had later
gained an enviable reputation in her so-
cial service work with the tough, home-
less men on the west side. It was said
that she could walk into a mob of quar-
reling, angry men and have them sing-
ing hymns within twenty minutes!

  That was why Ernest Marsch had
hired her for this job, as I had learned
from their conversations on the ship.
He was lining this planet up for some
high-powered commercial venture, and
he wanted the inhabitants—the human
inhabitants—to be at least docile
enough that they wouldn’t obstruct the
march of progress.

J_JER task wasn’t going to be any
snap, juding from what I had seen
of those devilish pygmies. Moreover,
if there were many freaks like me, half
animal and half human, little Miss Hes-
sel was going to have a big handful of
trouble.

  “Do they consider you a prisoner
here?” I asked.

  “I’m not sure,” she looked wistfully
at the window and the ridge of green
mountains beyond. “They seem to
think they’re going to find Ernest
Marsch somewhere, though it beats me
how they can find any trace of lost per-
sons in such a big empty world.”

  “And if they find Marsch—?”
“Well, I’ve told them I’m bound to
work for him. I signed the contract
and took out life insurance before I
boarded.”

“I wonder what he turned into.”
“It’s all theory,” she said, “but one
of the men was saying they believe a
person’s mood or humor at the time he
struck the planet’s explosive atmos-

phere is the thing that determines his
change.” Then she laughed. “No, it
can’t be that. You couldn’t have been
in the mood of a serpent.”

  “Are you sure?” I thought the mat-
ter over privately. I had certainly been
spying on Ernest Marsch right up
toward the moment of coming in on a
landing, and I had been watching him
as suspiciously as any snake. “But you
couldn’t have been a two-headed fe-
line.”

  She was amused. “I don’t know.
When I try to remember that last
moment before we exploded, all I can
recall is that I was very curious—as
curious as any cat, I’ll bet—and I was
trying to watch you and Ernest Marsch
at the same time—trying not to dis-
please either of you, though I felt sure
that you were almost at swords’
points—”

  “Ye gods,” I said. “This theory is
getting stickier every minute. Maybe
you were being a two-headed feline.”
Then, “If there’s anything to it, they’ll
never find Marsch. It isn’t easy to lo-
cate a worm, you know.”

  “It shouldn’t be so hard to pick up a
wolf,” she said, giving me a quick look.
“And I don’t mean a harmless wolf
either. If it hadn’t been for your help
on the trip, I think I might have forgot
my good manners and shot Ernest
Marsch through the heart.”

  “Really?”

  “I didn’t sign up to be his girl friend,
you know. That little pistol of mine
has been a friend in need more than
once.”

  Then her edged voice softened and
she looked at me sympathetically.
“We’ll have to get you out of this awful
shape. They’ve made a good start,
anyway, getting your brain back in
order. But it’s just a start. Are they
going to find a way? Is that the confi-
dence you wanted to give me?”
26

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

  “The confidence is this,” I said.
“I’ve just learned that this laboratory
is the property of Dr. Hunt.”

  “Emerson Hunt? The one who was
kidnapped from the earth?”

  “I think so. I’m almost sure. It all
points that way—these advanced ex-
periments and all. You know what a
reputation he had.”

  “And he’s here—alive?”

  “Yes. I’m on his trail.”

 “You mean—?”

  “That that’s my secret mission. I’ve
;ome here to find him. Confidentially,
an association of scientists has backed
me in my plan to try to rescue him.
You can realize how much it will mean
to the earth—to the whole solar system
—if he can be found and taken back.”
“Oh!” Flora was gasping. “Oh,
what a miracle that would be! It
would! It would be a miracle for the
whole world! ”

  “If not a miracle, at least a blessing.”
“Of course!” She was rather too ex-
cited over the idea to know what she
was saying, and I quieted her gently to
make sure our conversation wouldn’t
be overheard by any of the guards.
She was at once so enthusiastic that she
was ready to break her contract with
Marsch simply to help me. “No won-
der you were always talking about some
big purpose. How did you know he
would be here?”

  There was much that I couldn’t tell
her as yet. But the one fearful fact
had to be told at once.

  “Flora, listen to me carefully. I’m
going to need all the help I can get, but
we’re going to be working against this
whole weird world. I can tell that
already—and you can too. Don’t you
see that they’re thriving here in this
strange scientific fortress on the genius
of Dr. Hunt? Nobody here is going to
let him get away if they can help it.
Worst of all, I’m already doubting

whether he’ll want to get away.”

  “But why? If he has a sure chance
to get back to the earth, why—”

  “Because people change when they
come to this land. Dr. Hunt has prob-
ably changed too.”

  “But if you talk to him—if you ex-
plain—”

  I laughed rather mockingly at her
extreme innocence. “Maybe you can
talk to him, but not I.”

  “Why not?”

  “Do you forget that I’m still a
serpent? Not an ordinary serpent, but
a serpent with four legs and a human
mind. To a scientist with the advanced
ideas of Dr. Hunt, I’ll be something to
be analyzed and observed, not listened
to.”

  “Oh!”

  “Eventually, they’ll dissect me and
see how I’m put together. I’ve already
heard some of the consulting scientists
mention that Dr. Hunt will be eager to
get my skeleton for his permanent col-
lection.”

  Six guards marched in, then, and
our visit came to an end abruptly when
they announced that Dr. Hunt was
waiting to see me. Flora stood back of
her chair, watching speechless as they
wheeled me away in my cage.

CHAPTER VIII

T HAVE had the common sensation
of chills running down my spine
many times in normal life, but I must
say that I never knew any feeling like
this before. When one’s spine is fully
forty feet long, and a series of chills
chases through from head to tail, I’m
telling you it’s wild. Zing—zing—zing
—before one chill gets well started,
another’s on the way.

  There was far more to this mountain
laboratory than I had guessed, at first
sight. I hadn’t realized that Z Lab
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

27

could mean just that—the last unit in a
series named after the entire alphabet.
But after we had moved past six or
eight units, each bearing a different
letter, I began to get a new appreciation
of the extent of this place.

  I was on my way to H laboratory.
This had possibly become Dr. Hunt’s
favorite because it bore his initial.

  H Laboratory opened to me auto-
matically. The grilled metal doorway
slid back into the wall, and a second
door—a checkerboard of silver and
gold—parted in the middle and folded
backward in two wings.

  “No talking, now,” the guards
warned me. I had almost forgotten that
they were with me, I was so intent upon
the details of all this laboratory gran-
deur.

  “No talking,” I repeated, rather in-
solently.

  “And no undue crawling or twitch-
ing,” one of the guards added.

  “As if I had room to crawl in this
cage,” I replied.

  “Quiet!” he snapped.

  “I can’t even twitch,” I added. The
serpent instinct was working on me. I
was looking for ways to be annoying.
“Can I breathe?”

  “All right, breathe, but stop talking.”

  “Hisssss-hisssss!”

  “Quiet.”

  “I’m just breathing,” I said. “Can I
help it if I’ve got a cold?”

  The six guards stopped me in the
middle of the doorway and put their
heads together. Then I knew I had
gone too far. The first thing I knew
they’d start exploding more yellow pow-
ders over my head and I’d lose what
little freedom I’d gained.

  One of them stalked into a small
supply room which we had just passed
and returned, a moment later, bearing
something that resembled a long-nosed
oil can, but must have been some sort

of high-powered hypodermic needle.

  I was tempted to pull some fancy
whip act and lash the fellow with my
tail before he could give me the works.
Something told me to take it easy—
there might be worse things in store if
I didn’t at least pretend to cooperate.
They gave me the shot.

  The needle caught me about twelve
feet from the tapered end of my body.
One sharp ice-cold jab! All of those
chills that had run down my long spine
a few minutes before came chasing up
again.

  Chills and dizziness and then—ah!
what a sensation of peace. I began to
feel tame. Agreeable. Downright
happy. All at once I wanted to be the
nicest, kindliest serpent that ever went
visiting in a laboratory.

  “That ought to do it,” one of the
guards said.

  I turned, touched the brow of my
scaled face with my fingers and tried
to smile.

  “Thank you, gentlemen, I feel much
better. What can I do to return the
favor?”

  “He’s okay,” the guards agreed, and
proceeded to wheel me into Labora-
tory H.

  I was pleasantly treated to the beau-
ties and mysteries of the most impres-
sive laboratory equipment I had ever
seen. The huge glass tubes, standing in
clusters above the tables, some of them
twenty-five or thirty feet tall, were
illuminated by a battery of colored
lights, lavender, light green, purple,
deep violet. Their gleaming stems were
like frozen music. In one corner of the
six-cornered room, a bright orange blur
of motion indicated that a governor was
spinning silently over a pyramid of
shining machinery. One couldn’t hear
the churning of liquids in the scores of
transparent containers which were built
into the different levels of the mysteri-
28

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

ous pyramid; but the orange blur cast
its light over the whole series with each
revolution. Again, a riot of colors
hinted of a master-mind’s secrets in
blending the molecules of many ele-
ments. Who could know what new and
rare combinations might come into
existence through these experiments?

/^\UT of the dazzle I detected one
detail which struck me as some-
thing not to be forgotten. That yellow-
ish-white powder. At one side of the
mixing pyramid I discovered it, sifting
down slowly, like sand through an hour
glass. Was this not the same sulphur-
like substance that had been exploded
over my head? And earlier, dumped
over the pool where Flora Hessel was
hiding?

  If so, I thought, here was the source
of these scientists’ seeming magic.

  The nice, kindly, agreeable feeling
within me shuddered for just an instant.
The serpent slyness was still there,
under the surface. If I could steal some
of that powder, what might I do for
myself? Was this my way back to my
human state?

  “The doctor will be in right away,”
one of the white-uniformed men said.
“Is out patient ready to be examined?”
“WSth pleasure,” I said.

  The white-uniformed man shot a
quick, suspicious look at me.

  “It’s all right, Dr. Winston,” a guard
said. “We just gave him a shot of
sixty-eight-J-sixty-nine. ”

  Dr. Winston nodded. “Enough to
put him to sleep?”

  This wasn’t so easily answered. Dr.
Winston checked the slip which the
guard showed him, and calculated men-
tally the quantity of the drug as com-
pared with my probable blood content.
They weren’t too sure of their answers,
for they hadn’t had any specimen like
me before.

  “We’ll see,” Dr. Winston said, nod-
ding again. Then he dismissed them,
and I was left alone with him and this
marvelous laboratory.

  So they thought I would go to sleep,
did they? Not if I could help it. Still,
it was an idea.

  I spoke drowsily, “Nice place you
have here, friend.” I opened my jaws
slowly and yawned and let my eyes go
half closed. “Nice place—ho-humm.
Quiet . . . Restful.”

  He was watching me out of one cor-
ner of his eye. I seemed to be dropping
off into a peaceful slumber.

  He went to the telephone.

  “Dr. Hunt? . . . The four-legged
serpent is ready. . . . Obstreperous?
Far from it. The attendants gave him
a shot of sixty-eight-J-sixty-nine. He’s
sleeping.”

  I allowed my arms to fold on the floor
of my cage, so that my head and neck
sank to the level of my belly. It wasn’t
a very proud posture—and I must ad-
mit it wasn’t easy to allow myself to
slump into such a dejected-looking heap
of flesh—especially in the presence of a
fine, kingly looking person like Dr.
Winston. He would have looked well
in any convention of athletes—broad-
shouldered, well-shaped hands, keen
grey eyes, and a vigorous head of fine
brown hair. He stood with excellent
posture, with just enough swagger and
toss to his head that it made you think
his brain must weigh considerably more
than the average man’s.

  I wondered whether Dr. Hunt could
present as perfect an appearance.
About all I had remembered of Hunt’s
picture was the striking black mustache
and the sharp-pointed short black
beard.

  “Hisssssss-hisssssss-hissssss . .

  My hissing breaths were barely au-
dible. I was sure that I had convinced
Dr. Winston. Now if Dr. Hunt would
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

29

just fall for my gag, I would have a
chance to know what these men of
knowledge meant to do with me.

  Dr. Winston turned at the sound of
a slight squeak-squeak-squeak from
what might be considered the rear door
of Laboratory H. It was the boss him-
self, rolling in in his luxurious chair.

  Anyone would have known at a
glance that here was the top man. Now
that I saw him again, his pictures came
back to me—that extremely potent
magnetic quality that strikes out at you
from some faces—he had it more than
any person I had ever seen.

  There was something about him that
I couldn’t quite clarify in my reptilian
brain. I ignored the troubling thought
and tried hard to watch him.

  He rolled to a position within ten
feet of my cage front, and I drank him
in, mentally, through the half-slits of
my sleeping eyes.

  He hadn’t looked up at me yet, I
thought. The squeak of his chair an-
noyed me. He reached for the tele-
phone that was a part of his rolling
equipment, and barked an order to be
relayed to some service department.

  His physical peculiarity had struck
me rather incidentally at first, but now
I saw what it was. He had jour arms.

  He put down the phone at the same
time he mopped the perspiration off his
wide brow—at the same time he
touched a chair control that moved him
a little closer—at the same time his
fourth and final hand was reaching into
a pocket for another pair of eye-glasses.

  The rolling chair had been so well
designed to accommodate his four-
armed body that one wasn’t disturbed
by the slightly spidery effect—as long
as he was sitting.

'\X7'HEN he arose and began to walk
around me I was more sensitive
to his freakish profusion of appendages.

It was all I could do to keep from open-
ing my eyes wide. I was blinking, in
spite of myself, but he and Dr. Winston
were busy sizing up my length.

  “We’ll have to get some measure-
ments, first thing, said Dr. Hunt. “I’d
like to start dissecting as soon as pos-
sible.”

  “You mean within a few hours?”
Winston asked. “It will take a few
hours to sharpen the knives.”

  “You understand, of course, why
I’m relying upon an early dissection.”

  Dr. Winston understood, and the two
of them discussed it in just enough de-
tail that I caught the drift. It was Dr.
Hunt’s hope that they might be able to
produce more specimens like me. He
believed that an early examination of
the tissues of my body would show
traces of the transformation from old
to new. These would serve as guides
for repeating the experiment.

  They talked quietly.

  That drugging they’d given me was
making me sleepy, all right. But I held
on. I wanted to know how soon they
intended to start making pork chops of
me-or should I say dragon chops?

  The repair man came in just then,
and they dropped their talk of me in
favor of Dr. Hunt’s rolling chair.

  “Just an oiling job?” the repair man
asked. “I’ll have it back in five min-
utes.”

  Dr. Hunt pointed to the brown and
blue checkered upholstery, demonstrat-
ing its worn places with his four hands.
He said there should be a new uphol-
stery job some time soon.

  The repair man rolled the chair out
the front entrance, and the two doctors
returned to me.

  “His eyes flickered,” said Dr. Win-
ston. “I believe he’s awake.”

  “They tell me he talks,” said Dr.
Hunt. “Let’s have a few words out of
him.”
30

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

  Winston turned to me. “Say some-
thing.”

  “Hissssss!” I said.

  “Come, come. You can do better
than that.”

  “Hisss. Hiss s. Why should I talk
if you’re going to pick my bones clean
and turn me into a laboratory skele-
ton?”

 All four of Dr. Hunt’s elbows
bumped backward and his sharp little
beard jumped to an impertinent angle.

“I thought you said that they gave
him a shot of sixty-eight-J-sixty-nine.”
“They did,” said Dr. Winston. “He
was highly agreeable a few minutes
ago.”

  “I’m highly agreeable now,” I said
casually, rising to a more comfortable
position, and straightening my front
legs beneath my scaled shoulders. “If
you want to start cutting me up right
away, I’ll help you sharpen the knives.”
“Oh, you will. You are being agree-
able, aren’t you,” said Dr. Hunt.

  “These front legs of mine are pretty
handy,” I went on. “I’ve a good pair
of hands on them, as you can see. So
I’ll help you dissect. I can begin cut-
ting off cross-sections of my tail, if you
like—”

  “The drug’s gone to his head,” said
Winston. “We’d better give him some-
thing else.”

  Dr. Hunt was eyeing me closely, not
saying a word. I knew that my “cut-
ting” remarks had disturbed him. I
had gotten under his skin.

  “Why don’t you boys get smart?” I
said, following up my advantage.

■ “Meaning what?” said Winston.

  “Meaning that you’re limping along
with old-fashioned methods in this
broken-down lab.” I said it with all the
conviction I could muster, and it was
driving home. Dr. Hunt’s twenty fin-
gers began to twitch uneasily. I went
on digging. “This broken-down lab

might be good enough for Space Island,
but it wouldn’t be a good give-away
back on the earth, unless you could find
some scientist who is a sucker for an-
tiques.”

  Dr. Hunt reddened a trifle, and his
two right hands stroked through his
ruffled black hair.

  “What equipment do they have on
the earth,” he asked bluntly, “that ex-
cels my best?”

  “They have a multiple X-ray at-
tached to a plastic machine, so that
they could turn out a perfect copy of
my skeleton, in plastic, without ever
touching a knife blade to my skin.”

  The two doctors exchanged glances.

  “The drug has gone to his head,”
Winston repeated. “I’ll get something
stronger.”

CHAPTER IX

T’LL never know whether their sixty-
eight-J-sixty-nine accounted for my
actions, two minutes later, when the
zeego guns began to flash all over the
place.

  They say that some men will rise to
the greatest heights of bravery, or con-
geniality, or oratory under the influence
of certain beverages, and afterward
they’ll wonder whether the achievement
was their own or whether it came out
of the bottle. That’s how it was with
me, two minutes later when the sur-
prise attack struck Laboratory H.

  It was those damned pygmies! Who-
ever they were, and wherever they had
come from, they were suddenly raiding
the place with zeego guns!

  Flash-flash-flash-flash ! ! / /

  Red fire blasted through the dark
corridor, quick sharp lines of it—back
and forth and across. Three bars of it
cut through the double doors of Lab H.

  Dr. Winston dropped and I thought
he had been hit.
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

31

  Dr. Hunt spun around, obviously
looking for his rolling chair, but it was
gone. He strode swiftly across to the
nearest laboratory table and seized a
telephone. Before he could speak, five
of those two-and-a-half foot demons
were racing in with their guns blazing.

  One of them guarded the door, two
of them marched to Dr. Winston,
crouched on the floor holding his arm
as if he had been wounded. The other
two were running toward Dr. Hunt.

  They didn’t appear to notice me,
probably because I was just a specimen
in a cage, lying there inert without
showing any signs of knowing what was
going on. That’s what they thought!

  I swung my arm down through an
opening between bars and smacked my
hand against the floor. My cage, rest-
ing on rollers, lunged forward. Another
touch of my hand sent me coasting into
the path of the two pygmies who were
going for Dr. Hunt.

  They were moving fast, but so was I.

  The red fire splashed over the glass
sides of my prison. I caught a bit of
the spray in my back. It struck with
the sharpness of a hundred needles.
My coiled body snapped like a spring,
and my shoulder crashed into the bars.
I drew back, saw the opening I had
made, and plunged through.

  “Look out! The monster! Look
out!” one pygmy squealed.

  “Monster, huh?” I snarled back as if
that word had been just one insult too
many. I didn’t heed their gunfire,
though it was needling through my
scaled protection. I dived for the two
of them with both arms swinging. I
must have struck with pretty fair force.
One of them sailed clear across the
room and crashed into a stack of glass
tubes, while his gun flipped into the air
like something out of a catapult. The
second little fellow simply dropped his
weapon and went backing away, hold-

ing his hands behind him to keep them
from being snapped off.

  I pivoted from one arm, then, and
whirled my forty-foot length like a
whip. That knocked down three of
them. A bit of carelessness on my
part, I’m afraid, in the final flash of
my tail. Dr. Winston had just come to
his feet, and I caught him, too. So
that everyone was on the floor except
Dr. Hunt and the pygmy who had
stayed to guard the door. I went for
the guard. The pygmy at the door, I
mean. He went for the corridor.

  The first part of the pygmy attack
ended then and there, as far as I was
concerned. For Dr. Hunt had touched
a switch, and the inner door of Labora-
tory H closed.

  Clang! That was the outer door.

  So there were seven of us, all locked
in securely—and for a moment it was
a toss-up as to who would be masters
and who would be prisoners. Four
pygmies—their brown little bodies
adorned with nothing but red loin
cloths; two doctors—probably the
smartest on all of Space Island; and
one serpent—a four-legged monstrosity
powerful enough to burst out of his
cage—and he was out.

  I was out, and it seemed to me that
I could have scooped all of the other
persons in that room into my clutches
then and there, and made them submit
to my will—or choked them.

  I say, it seems to me that I could
have.

  But it wouldn’t have worked, and
I should have known better than to
think that one could defeat a scientist
in his own laboratory.

T DID go so far as to gather up three
of the four attackers and start
toward Dr. Hunt with them—and you
may wonder why, when Dr. Hunt was
planning to strip the flesh from my
32

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

bones, that I should trouble myself
to play the hero in his defense. But
you must remember that there was
still a certain plan and purpose bor-
ing through my mind. I still had the
dim hope that I might somehow lift
Dr. Hunt out of this weird world and
take him back to the earth.

  A pretty fancy ambition for a four-
legged serpent, you think? All right,
I’ll admit that I had hitched to a
pretty high star. But I wasn’t ready
to let go.

  Dr. Hunt must have flashed the lights
off. I stopped in my tracks. The place
was utterly dark—no, not quite that
dark, after all. As soon as my eyes
adjusted, I could see the single flood-
ing light—dim, purple light that was
almost like a shower bath of luminous
purple dust. It was coming down over
me, lighting my long six-foot arms, and
casting a baleful glow over the three
pygmies I held.

  I had stopped in my tracks, and
now I knew why I had stopped. The
flood of purple light had stopped me.

  I couldn’t move. I was paralyzed. I
was frozen. And that ugly pygmy, over
whose waist I had clamped my left
hand, was quite as frozen as I. The
other two, who I had caught by the
feet and who hung upside down from
my uplifted right arm, never twitched
or flicked an eyebrow.

  We were all frozen together by some
diabolical paralysis ray. It was a trifle
embarrassing. My serpent’s jaws were
open and my head was inclined toward
the object in my left hand. Even in
the dim purple light I knew that the
two doctors would be able to see,
plainly enough, what might have
happened.

  I won’t say that it would have hap-
pened. I only say that the instant the
room was plunged in darkness, I must
have made a motion as if I were going

to eat one of the pygmies—and that
was how the paralysis had caught me.

  “Are you all right, Dr. Winston?”
Dr. Hunt called out.

  “I’m here,” said Dr. Winston. “That
was quick action on your part, Dr.
Hunt. You escaped injury, didn’t
you?”

  “Were you knocked down, Dr. Win-
ston? I saw you falling.”

  “The beast’s tail caught me. Have
you got the freeze on solid?”

  “Solid,” said Dr. Hunt. “Another
minute and we can put the lights on.
We’d better get a report on the rest
of the units meanwhile. This attack
may be widespread. I’ve been uneasy
for days.”

  “The Mashas haven’t a chance
against us, don’t worry,” said Dr. Win-
ston as stoutly as he could. “This little
flare-up can’t last. They tried before,
you know.”

  “They’ve been trying for a century
and a half,” said Dr. Hunt. “I’ve stud-
ied the records of this planet, and I’ve
found that troubles like these have re-
curred every ten or fifteen years.”

  Dr. Hunt got through to his vari-
ous secretaries on the telephone. He
talked fast, at first, until the reassur-
ances calmed him. The attack had come
and gone like a quick thundershower.
He hung up, satisfied.

  He turned on the lights and opened
the laboratory doors, all the while re-
porting to Dr. Winston.

  “They’ve captured fifteen of the
troublemakers—none of them identi-
fied as our servants. There hasn’t been
any general uprising among our serv-
ants, I’m glad to say. That means that
our serums are still working.”

  “Then the only trouble came from
outsiders?” Winston asked.
“Apparently.”

“If it had been our servants, they
might have reason to make trouble, but
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

33

I can’t understand why those outside
Mashas who have the whole country-
side to live in, and who haven’t been in
any way enslaved, should take it in
their heads to storm our fortress.”

  “I don’t understand it, either,” Dr.
Hunt admitted slowly. He stroked his
sharp black beard thoughtfully. “I
wish we had some way of finding out.”
They sauntered back in my direc-
tion, and then, as if with a single
inspiration, they stopped and stared at
me. They gazed at the three scared
Mashas in my grasp.

  “I wonder,” Dr. Hunt said slowly.

  “I was thinking the same thing,”
said Dr. Winston. “Maybe we do have
a way of finding out—a decidedly in-
genious way.”

  Dr. Hunt looked me over carefully,
giving particular attention to my open
jaws. The Mashas were doubly frozen
—once from the ray and once from
fear.

  “I’d hate like sin to let one of the
finest specimens we’ve ever created get
away. But I’d risk a lot to know the
Mashas from the inside. Yes, I think it
might be worth a try,” said Dr. Hunt.

CHAPtER X

You. never saw such tender care ex-
ercised upon a serpent. They fed
me the most wonderful foods, and gave
me the most comfortable bed I could
ask for. They treated my wounds with
a dozen kinds of salves and oils; they
bathed and massaged me and mani-
cured me; they took me out for exer-
cise, allowing me to run along at my
own pace, hitched to a ten-ton truck.

  It was wonderful while it lasted. I
was their favorite pet dog, you might
say, and they considered it a privi-
lege to walk ,me.

  The only trouble with the exercise
periods was that they always occurred

at night, so that I didn’t, have much
chance to study the countryside. That
was their precaution. They didn’t want
the outside pygmies—that is, the
Mashas—to know that they were
grooming me for a special purpose.

  Best of all, they gave me access to
an indoor swimming pool where I could
thrash around and whip the water to
my tail’s content.

  “Is everything perfectly satisfac-
tory?” the attendants would ask me.
“Is the water the right temperature?
You don’t care for a towel, do you?
If so, don’t hesitate to put in your
request.”

  “Ah—er—I think of just one thing,”
I said, recalling those first strange hours
down in the stream in the bottom of
the crevasse. “I have a weakness for
blossom-scented air. Could you ar-
range to have some flowers brought in
and placed beside the pool?”

  When Flora Hessel came to visit me
in my room, and I described all of
these luxuries to her, she was not as
surprised as I had expected.

  “It’s no more than you deserve,” she
said. “After all, you saved the lives
of the two most important men in this
kingdom.”

  “I did?”

  “Oh, you needn’t be so modest about
it. Everyone has heard, by this time.
That little band of Mashas was all set
to take over this fortress from the in-
side. If they had captured Laboratory
H, as they planned, they could have
given orders from Dr. Hunt’s phones,
and that would have done it. There’d
have been a thousand Mashas pouring
in from all directions before the trick
was known.”

  I studied over that set-up, shaking
by head slowly.

  “Now I’m not trying to argue for the
sake of argument,” I said, “and if these
rumors are making the rounds, I sup-
34

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

pose there must be some basis for them.
But tell me this: how could any pygmy
—or Masha, I mean—imitate Dr. Hunt
over the phone?”

  “People do imitate people, you
know.”

  “But a pygmy imitating Dr. Hunt—
that would be like a mouse imitating a
lion. Have you heard Dr. Hunt’s big
solid voice? It’s deep, it’s throaty, it’s
full of chesty thunder. Have you heard
any of these pygmy servants speak?
. . . All right.”

  Flora came back to her original
point that anyway I had saved a couple
of lives—important ones, too. So I
swelled up my snakely chest with pride.
She didn’t notice. She was looking out
the window at the green ridge of moun-
tains, thinking her private thoughts,
and I guessed that my argument about
the voices had disturbed her.

  “You know,” she said presently, “I
think you’ve got an angle. Maybe those
pygmies weren’t going to use a pygmy
to imitate Dr. Hunt. Maybe they
were going to use someone here at the
fortress—one of the guards—one of the
doctors—one of Dr. Hunt’s secre-
taries.”

  “M-m-m.” I didn’t say it with much
conviction. Nevertheless it was a tan-
talizing thought.

  “Maybe this Winston you told me
about was all set to step into Dr. Hunt’s
shoes, using the little people as his
army,” Flora went on, now looking far-
ther away than ever.

  “No, no, it couldn’t be that.” Refus-
ing to give it a thought, I changed the
subject. “It’s like Dr. Hunt says, all
you have to do is consult the record to
see that the Mashas have been bursting
out with an attack every ten or fifteen
years.”

  It was natural enough for them to try
to regain their lost power, we agreed.
The Mashas were the original outcasts

from Mars. Their original name, Mar-
tians, had degenerated into the word
Mashas. Their physical characteristics
had been warped and changed from the
original man-like stature to the small,
wiry, shrunken bodies they now pos-
sessed. That was what their first forty
or fifty years away from the earth had
done for them. Mars had “marshed”
them, as the phrase had originally given
it; or later, it was said to have
“mashed” them.

'"pHE later generations of Martian
settlers had first called them, ac-
cordingly, not Martians, but Mashas.
And it was the new settlers who had
more or less brutally exiled them.

  Here they were, still alive and still
rankling from the mistreatment a hun-
dred and fifty years later.

  “One can’t help feeling sorry over
their plight,” Flora said philosoph-
ically. “It’s all a trick of fate.”

  “It’s been done, and it can’t be un-
done,” I said. “For all we know, they
may live on another couple centuries
—or hell, they may make trouble for
a thousand years, who knows. This
freakish planet might refuse to let them
die.”

  “Well, they can die, you know,” said
Flora, giving me a quick eye. “You’ve
already accounted for a few of them.”
I nodded, a bit shamefaced. Then I
told her what had happened at the
end of my rescue, when the attack
had been made on Laboratory H. I
described in all its gory details the
statue of the three pygmies caught
under my open jaws when the purple
paralysis ray shot down on us from
the ceiling and froze us in action.

  “That little party proved two things
to the doctors, as plain as day,” I said.
“One, my tough scales can withstand
a certain amount of zeego fire. Two, my
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

35

tough stomach is good for at least a
limited quantity of pygmy steak.”

  “I could have told them that,” said
Flora.

  “Well, there you have it. That’s the
reason they’re treating me to all these
luxuries.”

  “You mean it isn’t because you’re a
hero?”

  “Heroes get banquets and medals
and speeches. That’s because their
work is already done. But these boys
are grooming me for a new job—a big
job that’s never been done before.
They’re virtually bribing me to do it
well.” I told her about it.

  “H-m-m-m.” Flora Hessel was more
than a little disturbed. “Just where does
this get you in relation to your own
purpose? When you get through ex-
ploring the inside of the Masha world
as a favor to Dr. Hunt, is he going to
pack up and go back to the earth as
a favor to you?”

  I couldn’t answer that in the affirm-
ative and be truthful. And in Flora’s
presence I didn’t feel like being a
snake. So I didn’t answer.

  She walked to the door, and just be-
fore she walked away she gave her
own answer.

 “The first chance you get,” she said,
“take a walk down the spiral passage
beyond Laboratory X and you’ll
come to the museum of Dr. Hunt’s skel-
etons. You’ll find your answer there.”
She seemed to be saying, “Walk into
the trap, you stupid fool,” though she
hadn’t actually said so.

  But there was one thing she had
said that deserved a little more explana-
tion, and I called to her sharply.

  “Just a minute, there, High-and-
Mighty,” I said. “How did you hap-
pen to find your way down into the
museum of skeletons? I thought you
were a prisoner here. Or are you a

first-class tourist? Or are you asking
for a job, feeding the skeletons?”

  She tossed her dark hair over her
shoulders and flashed her dark eyes at
me. “I guess it wouldn’t make any
difference to you if I did tell you.”

  “I’ve got tough scales. I think I can
take it,” said.

  “All right, you asked for it. I went
down there because I had a date with a
charming wolf in sheep’s clothing.”

CHAPTER XI

T MUST have been pretty desperate
to take the chance I took the very
next night. I was desperate. I was
boiling with an inner rage that was born
not of fear but of jealousy.

  “Take me that way,” I said to the
attendant who was examining the hitch
at the end of the truck. “Take me back
into the mountain trail that curves
over the buildings.”

  The attendant shrugged as if it made
no difference to him, so long as I got
my exercise. He went up front and
crawled in beside the driver. Neither
he nor the driver guessed what was
in my mind. They were finding me a
cooperative pet who could be led to
water, and that was all they cared.

  I couldn’t help wondering whether
a pygmy driver would have been as
unconcerned. But the authorities had
their eye on that item, too. They knew
that there might be a leak of informa-
tion from this mountainside colony to
the outside Mashas, and if so, that leak
was probably one of the trusted little
Masha slaves who, in spite of the doc-
tor’s regular doses of serum, contained
enough spark to know what was going
on.

  The pygmy servants were all being
watched these days, for this reason. If
someone on the inside should be found
guilty of helping with the recent at-
36

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

tack, he would no doubt be treated to
something pretty severe. More serum,
perhaps? Well, you never knew. These
scientists were playing a bold game, and
they would just as soon try grafting
an elephant’s head on a two-and-a-
half-foot Masha if they thought it
would work.

  There were a great many things
along that line that continually dis-
turbed my thoughts and stole my sleep,
and I couldn’t help wishing that I could
get Dr. Hunt under some special secret-
revealing ray long enough to make
him expose a few facts.

  But this much was beginning to take
root in my mind. The Mashas were
tougher than the newcomers to this
region. Their training period in Mars
a century and a half ago had stiffened
their resistance to the capricious forces
of this planet which turned all manner
of men into all manner of freaks. The
Mashas had apparently already been
cooked to a turn, so to speak, exactly to
old Mother Nature’s taste. And so they
lived on, almost unchanging from year
to year.

  And still, the serums were able to
effect temporary differences in their
week-to-week behavior. As long as
they were well doped, they made ex-
cellent slaves—dull, obedient, dependa-
ble and, as a rule, non-vicious.

  But on the other hand, the men of
the earth and other solar planets where
earth’s space ships had established new
branches of earth’s peoples—these per-
sons who had come more recently to
Space Island—were arriving, in many
cases, transformed.

  Why? By what agencies? Well, let
these brilliant scientists from Dr.
Hunt’s great laboratories answer such
questions if they were able. For my
part, I stood as a living proof that such
things did happen. I had seen the re-
transformation take place completely in

the case of Flora Hessel—partially, in
my own case. And there were other
evidences ....

  What of Dr. Hunt’s arms? I won-
dered.

  Had this been a trick of accidental
transformation? Or controlled trans-
formation?

  This I knew: he wanted those four
arms. He had use for all of them, and
they did much to increase his efficiency.
If he had wanted a completely normal
body, wouldn’t he have applied the
yellow powders? Or would that have
been taking too great a risk?

  What would have happened to him
if the zeego guns had struck those
arms? Would the very shock have
acted for a quick change in nature’s
delicate arrangement of his parts?

  It was no wonder that I, the serpent
victim of all this ungodly freak factory,
was losing sleep trying to understand.
There must be some underlying prin-
ciples, I thought. The very essence of
science dwells in principles or laws or
some sort of generalizations that can
be relied upon. Things happen because
a given set of forces always makes such
things happen.

  And yet here I was, the only human
serpent—the only four-legged serpent
with human hands and a human brain 1

  In all of Space Island there was not
another like me, they believed.

JgUT there were men—ever so many
normal men—like Dr. Winston and
the attendants and guards. And there
were a few women, at least. Had all
of them come through some violent
transformation, the same as Flora Hes-
sel?

  Ah, there was a girl. And as I now
ran along beside the truck that was
taking me out for exercise, this was at
once the most hopeful and the most
disturbing thought of all. Floral
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

37

  Who was I, a serpent, to try to bring
scientific order out of this weird world
of confusion? All I really knew, in the
final analysis, were the obvious things.
I knew Flora—yes.

  I knew that there wasn’t another
person on this planet who was so much
a friend to me as Flora Hessel. Of all
the brilliant persons who had observed
me and questioned me and cared for
me, she was the only one who had said,
“You must get out of this form. You
must get yourself back to your normal
state.”

  And then I came back to the feverish,
jealous thoughts that had caused me to
ask the attendant to take me over this
particular trail.

  Jealousy? Or was it something less
definite? Suspicion—that was it.

  Flora had had a date with a charming
wolf in sheep’s clothing, she had said.

  That could mean only one thing, I
thought. Ernest Marsch. He was still
alive, he was somewhere in the imme-
diate vicinity, and he had seen Flora.

  I didn’t like it. I remembered what
she had said about relying upon my
protection during our space hop. Other-
wise, she had said, she might have re-
sorted to the use of her pistol.

  Did she have a pistol now?

  How had he found her? Where had
they met? Why had she agreed to go
with him through the spiral tunnel
beyond Laboratory X to explore a mu-
seum full of bones?

  Before this night’s exercise was over
I meant to find some of the answers for
myself. I had only the vaguest idea, I
must admit, as to how much exercise
would be required before I got to the
bottom of things.

  The truck had swung around the
wide plaza and taken a cloverleaf turn
to ascend the mountain road. We were
moving at approximately ten miles an
hour, I guessed.

  I was using my legs to much greater
advantage than ever before. You know
how it is with a child who has spent
several months crawling and suddenly
discovers it can walk. I was not only
walking, I was running.

  The rope which they had fastened
to the harness around my neck and
shoulders was long enough that I could
run up alongside the cab to check on
my speed.

  “How fast?” I asked.

  The attendant and the driver both
gave a nervous lurch whenever they
discovered me moving along beside
their window.

  “Eight miles an hour,” said the at-
tendant. “Take it easy. You’re not
supposed to overwork.”

  “I feel like going faster,” I said. I
stepped up my speed and would have
run along in front of them if they hadn’t
stepped on the accelerator.

  I don’t think they liked the sight of
me, moving along in their lights. After
all, I must have looked to them like the
world’s biggest, snakiest lizard, gallop-
ing along on a leash.

  They moved past me, and I caught
up again.

  “Step on it,” I said. “I feel the need
of exercise.”

  They doubled their pace, and I
stayed with them.

  In a moment the attendant called out
to me, “We’re up to thirty-two miles an
hour. That’s fast enough. They’ll
give me hell if I let you run your legs
off.”

  “It’s a perfectly comfortable speed,”
I said. “But I’m in the mood to race.”

  “Oh, so that’s it.” The attendant
growled something to the driver. They
figured they’d take it out of me in
another five minutes.

T KEPT an eye on the trail as we ac-
celerated again. I was kicking up
38

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

my share of dust, now, at forty-five
miles an hour, and every now and then
my tail would whip down against the
road, and that, you may believe, was
unintentional. It was a beginner’s
awkwardness, you might say. No snake
spanks himself on purpose.

  I was watching the trail, and here
came the curving mile I had been wait-
ing for. It was a good piece of road,
except that it was so full of twists and
turns you might think it would put a
permanent wave in a serpent’s back-
bone. Just below the edge of the road
the ledge dropped straight down about
sixty feet—to the roofs of the fortress.

  In other words, we had gained enough
elevation to switch back over the lab-
oratories.

  I bounded up beside the cab and
shouted, “Faster!”

  The driver moved the speedometer
up to sixty-five miles an hour. “How’s
that?” he yelled.

  “Just right,” I said, falling back
gradually. “Hold it right there for ten
minutes.”

  “Can you take it?”

   “If I can’t, I’ll shout.”

  Then I fell back gradually. The
driver and the attendant kept their
spotlight on the curves ahead and let
me shift for myself. That was just
what I wanted.

  Snap! Ever since we had started, I
had been biting at the rope that was
fastened to my harness. With one sav-
age bite I finished the job. I was free.

  The truck whirled on around the
bend, dragging the rope behind it.

  I bounded down over the embank-
ment, clinging tight with all of my
crawling muscles.

  Four or five minutes later, when the
sounds of the truck’s brakes reached
my ears, I was already slithering over
the glass and metal roofs of the labora-
tories. I was in the mood to be free,

for a change, and it would take more
than six moons and a truck’s spotlight
to find me among these roofs.

CHAPTER XII

T RESTED for a full hour, lying in a
perfect hiding place a few feet from
a chimney and a ventilator. I could
imagine what the driver and the at-
tendant were saying as they played
their spotlight over the rocks, up and
down the mountainside and out across
the roofs, looking for me. They had
better practice their story well before
they went back empty handed, I
thought, if they were going to make it
stick.

  I could just hear them trying to pass
the buck. “I told the driver we
shouldn’t race him faster than fifteen
miles an hour.” Or— “How the hell
did I know? I’m just the driver, and if
the damned snake wanted exercise, it
made no difference to me, as long as
the attendant didn’t kick.”

  But the alibis wouldn’t be enough, I
was sure: not unless someone could
produce the serpent. The crusty old
Captain of the Guards would be pretty
sure to get the job of running me down.
And I knew that he would be the guy
who could make a thorough job of it.
So I had better make hay before they
got the squads on my trail.

  As soon as those flashes of light
ceased to glide over the roofs, I took a
long chance and crawled quietly to the
nearest dimly lighted section of glass
roof.

  “A greenhouse,” I said to myself.
“Now where would the laboratories be
from here?”

  I lumbered along at a good pace over
the metal surfaces. They were still
warm from the day’s sun, and their
rust and grime and rock dust didn’t
make for comfortable crawling. Over
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

39

the glass roofs I took extra care, for
once I struck a loose pane and it fell
through with a crash. Another light
came on, down in that section of green-
house, and a pygmy gardener came in
with a sprinkler in his hand, looking
around to see what was the matter.

  I tried to hold my breath. When I
let go with a quiet “Hssssh!” he looked
up and saw my head through the aper-
ture. He screeched bloody murder and
rolled over his sprinkler in a faint. I
didn’t wait to see how soon he revived,
but skimmed along to a safer realm.

  At least, I hoped it would be a safer
realm. But the direction I chose failed
to offer the solitude I needed.

  Eight pygmies on the roof! Now
what were they doing there?

  The most obvious answer was, they
were playing with fire. I crawled up
toward them silently and looked in on
their party.

  Down in a four-foot depression where
the irregular roofs had been joined with
a patchwork of corrugated metal, they
had lighted a few torches and were heat-
ing a branding iron.

  “Put your initials on him while you’re
at it,” one of them said, adding a low,
cackling laugh.

  “Don’t let him squeal and spoil the
fun,” came another Masha cackle.

  One of the dark little creatures
waved a restraining hand across the
firelight. “Before we touch the iron, he
might like to have one more chance.
How about it, Kipper?”

  It was seven against one. I crept a
little closer to study the evil faces by
the light of the torches. Eight little
Mashas. Seven of them wore only the
red loin cloths, the costume of the out-
sider.

  The eighth wore, in addition to the
red loin cloth, a green neckband which
was the band of the servant, and an
armband which denoted his particular

rank and function. He was tied, and
gagged, and as completely helpless as
a mouse dying in a trap.

  The leader of the seven outsiders
swung the red-hot iron in a circle.
“Anything to say, Kipper? Wouldn’t
you like to play on our side for a
change?”

  “Wug!” That was all he could say,
choked by a cloth gag.

  “Touch him up with the heat and
he’ll whistle out of his ears. Here, give
me the iron—”

T) UT the leader kept the party in his
own hands. He recited a little
speech which gave me the lowdown I
needed to understand the situation. He
said that if Kipper had been so com-
pletely drugged by the scientists’ se-
rums that he couldn’t do anything but
stupidly obey orders, it would be dif-
ferent.

  “But we’ve put you to the test, Kip-
per, and we’ve found out that you’re
not one of their victims. You’re play-
ing their servant, all right, but you’re
also playing some game of your own.
Now we’re giving you your chance to
come back to us.”

  Kipper’s eyes were stubborn slits,
and his wrinkled brown cheeks were
as hard as steel, and there was a de-
fiance in his little jaws that his seven
torturers weren’t going to break down.

  “All right, Kipper.”

  The leader ran the point of the red-
hot iron across his chest to burn a thin
dark line. Kipper’s elbows dug tight
at his sides.

  The leader withdrew the iron, so that
for the moment its light showed the
gleam of cruelty in his own round eyes.
His large mouth sagged with a brutal
expression. You could almost hear the
clank of chains in his thin, taunting
voice. This was Jallan, one of the plot-
ters who had engineered the recent at-
40

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

tack on the fortress.

  “Now, Kipper,” Jallan snatched the
gag out of his mouth, “we give you your
last chance. Are you willing to play
our game, and help us into control?
Are you willing? Or are you going to
go on, another hundred years, being a
lone wolf?”

  “I was a lone wolf on Mars,” said
Kipper coldly. “I’ve never asked a
damned thing of any of you except that
you let me go my own way.”

  Jallan gave a flourish with the iron.
He touched the point of it to the torches
that burned together in a single red
flame.

  “Put the gag in his mouth, Padder-
man. Or should we let his scream make
music for the whole valley of Mashas?
That’s it, gag him well. Now I’ll give
him something he’ll carry with him for
a thousand years.”

  “Brand him with an L.W.—for ‘lone
wolf,’ ” said Padderman, marking the
letters in the air with his gnarled fin-
ger.

  “I’ll brand a hole right through his
guts. Here goes!”

  “Hisssssss!” I breathed audibly.
Then forcibly. “HISSSSSSSSS!”

  The second blast from my serpent
lips upset the party and blew the fire
out.

  “Serpent!” someone cried. They all
saw me, looming there above them.
And that did it. Talk about bats out
of hell. You never heard such a beat-
ing of feet over a tin roof. Clatter-
clatter-spill-clang!! Clatter-clatter —
over and away and off into the distant
sounds of the night.

  When the sounds of their disorgan-
ized retreat had died away, there was
still the low hissing of my breath, and
the sizzle of my spit on the red-hot
branding iron. And there was still the
muffled choking, gasping and coughing
of Kipper as I drew the gag out of his

mouth and unfastened the cords that
bound him.

  “Don’t be afraid of me,” I said, as
gently as any serpent could be expected
to speak under the circumstances. “I
had a square meal earlier in the eve-
ning. I’ll not be dangerous.”

CHAPTER XIII

TT WAS a strange friendship that
grew out of that meeting. If I ever
met a bold and hardy spirit, Kipper
was it. The old term, Lone Wolf, had
never meant much to me before. But
here, believe me, was a man who filled
the bill.

  A man, did I say?

  For the first time, I was thinking of
a pygmy not in terms of the calories
he would offer for my hungry stomach,
but in terms of the staunch, stubborn,
indomitable human will that character-
izes a man.

  Here was a two-and-a-half-foot hu-
man creature who had cut his own pat-
tern of life for more than two centu-
ries. The rigors of severe Martian win-
ters, and the magic of that baffling cli-
mate, had taken a toll. He no longer
possessed the proud five-foot-ten stat-
ure that had been his earthly posses-
sion. But shrunken and dwarfed and
wrinkled and ancient, he was still a man
who possessed his own will.

  Before that night was an hour older,
he was telling me, as confidentially as
a brother, how he came and went
through the halls of Dr. Hunt’s scien-
tific fortress.

  “A servant? Yes, I’m a servant. I’m
a servant because I want to be, not
because the serums force me to be.”

  “But they do give you the serums?”
I asked.

  “As regularly as the setting of the
sun. But I resist the effects. Don’t
ask me how. That’s just me. I resist
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

41

the effects of medicine the same as I
resist the influences of my enemies.
Sometimes I pay a price.”

  He touched the burn across his chest.
The squadron from the Captain’s
headquarters was at work by this time,
moving along the mountain trail above
the building’s roofs, playing their
searchlights in all directions. The
scampering Mashas were probably get-
ting a second scare, unless they had a
very safe hiding place near the fortress.

  “We’ll be safer down in the laborato-
ries,” Kipper said. “Or do you dare
go down? There’s an open skylight
over this way. It’s my regular night
exit when I need a breath of air—and
incidentally, it’s a favorite entrance for
the Mashas who have designs on this
realm.”

  “Lead the way, Kipper,” I said.
Kipper led the way and I followed.
For Kipper it was a well-worn trail.
For me it was full of hazards—openings
that were too small and glass walls that
were too fragile. However, twenty
minutes of twisting and turning and
feeling our way through dark passages,
brought us into a deep basement de-
scent, dimly illuminated with blue wall-
lights.

  “This,” said Kipper, “spirals down
to the museum of skeletons. If you’re
not in a hurry—”

  “Just a minute,” I said. I didn’t
want this to lead to anything embar-
rassing, and I wasn’t too sure of my
grounds. It was a fact that I had orig-
inally wanted to find my way to this
very spiral descent. That’s where I
had set out for, in taking my exercise
tour over the roofs. Lab X had been
my goal, with its spiral passage beyond,
and eventually the museum. However
—“I hope you’ll pardon me if I meet
a friend down here.”

  “That’s my expectation,” said Kip-
per. “I mean, I’m intending to meet

a friend.”

  “Huh?” I was growing more un-
easy. My errand of jealousy wouldn’t
thrive on too much congestion. “I’d
better explain myself. I have a friend
—Flora Hessel—and an enemy, Ernest
Marsch. The less they see of each
other, the better it suits me. But she
told me very bluntly that she had had
a date with him here recently. Do you
follow?”

  “Go on,” said Kipper.

  “I like the gal,” I said. “Even
though I’m now living a snakely exist-
ence, I hate to see her get mixed up
with a hard-boiled wolf like Marsch.
He isn’t good for her, believe me. Do
you follow?”

  “You’re jealous,” said Kipper.

  “I’m a green-eyed serpent. That’s
why I’ve come. If I find that he’s
lurking down in this lost region, I’m
going to have the pleasure of snapping
his head off before I report back to
headquarters.”

TZ'IPPER had stopped, looking at me
with a curious expression. He
cupped his ear, and I thought I heard,
too. Footsteps. That could be Flora
Hessel, coming down our way. I won-
dered if I had said too much. He was
beginning to smile at me strangely.

  “I hope I’m not in danger,” he said.
  “Why should you be?”

  “Didn’t you say she had a date with
a wolf?”

  “Yes, but—”

  “All right, I have a date with Flora
Hessel,” said Kipper. “I must be the
wolf she referred to.”

  I blinked. Had I misjudged this
keen-eyed, straight-shooting little fel-
low? “You—a wolf?”

  “Didn’t you hear them call me a
Lone Wolf? They were going to brand
me L.W.”

  “Oh—Lone Wolf — that’s different.
42

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

Did she mean you?”

  By that time the footsteps had ma-
terialized into Flora herself. She gave
a surprised gasp to see the two of us
together.

  “Oh, you know each other!” Flora
exclaimed with a lift of delight in her
voice. “Fine. I’m so glad. Isn’t he
charming, Bob? I told you he was a
charming wolf in sheep’s clothing,
didn’t I?”

  Kipper cleared his throat. “Lone
Wolf, if you please. You mixed your
terms, Madam, and I think you’d bet-
ter apologize before your misshapen
friend gets the wrong impression.”
“Oh, I’m sorry. Lone Wolf, of
course. Anyway, Bob, he’s perfectly de-
lightful, and he’s given me more infor-
mation about the goings-on of this place
than I’d get from the attendants in a
hundred years. All these skeletons
down here—”

  She talked on, as glibly as a chatter-
ing magpie, while she and Kipper led
me into the opening chamber of the
museum of white bones. All of my
jealous emotions were suddenly as dead
as the specimen we were examining.
If I failed to catch all the interesting
facts they were giving me as they
guided me through the place, it was
because I was saying to myself, “What
a silly serpent you were, Bob Garrison,
to get all green-eyed about nothing at
all. It was all your foolish imagina-
tion.”

  And yet I couldn’t be too severe with
myself, considering how things had
turned out. If I hadn’t started out to
get the lowdown, I wouldn’t have saved
Kipper from an ugly ordeal.

  As it was, I had two staunch friends,
both of them wise and understanding.
They were ready to help me through
with my purpose of recovering Dr.
Hunt from their weird world if it was
humanly possible.

  Or if it wasn’t humanly possible, per-
haps some inhuman talents from a ser-
pent would be effective. At any rate I
thought I was on the trail.

  “But Flora,” I protested, “I’m still
in the dark about Ernest Marsch.
Hasn’t he popped up anywhere along
the line to claim your services?”

  She shook her pretty head. “I haven’t
seen him since we came into the plan-
et’s explosion zone,” she said.

  Kipper had stopped to listen at one
of the museum phones.

  “A bit of trouble back in the labora-
tories,” he said. “They’re all stirred
up over their missing serpent.”

  “Do you think we should go back
and report?” I asked.

  “That would be safest,” said Kipper.
“Otherwise they may punish the driver
and the attendant severely for losing
you. Furthermore, they may send out
a general announcement to shoot you
on sight.”

  “We’ll go back,” I said. I took a
quick look at the weird conglomeration
of skeletal forms all around me, gleam-
ing white and chalky in the blue light.
There was one pedestal that had been
placed recently, with no skeleton on it.
Flora gave me a suspicious look, and
we both guessed that it was being pre-
pared for me. We hurried away with-
out speaking of it. But I was filling up
with unanswered questions, and one of
these times I’d have to get Kipper in a
corner and pump him.

  “Worried?” Kipper asked blithely as
we made our exit.

  “It’s nothing,” I said. “Just a slight
ache through my vertebrae.”

CHAPTER XIV

'\X/7'ITH Kipper’s help, Flora re-
turned to the elevation of general
living quarters unnoticed. He assisted
me in slipping into a corridor that
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

43

would lead to Lab H—Dr. Hunt’s own
stamping ground—from which I would
be able to face my own situation with
all possible advantages.

  “You don’t jump through walls, and
they know it,” Kipper advised me be-
fore he left, “so you’d better get some
answers ready for them. But don’t tell
them too much. Remember, you’re a
snake.”

  “Hissss!” I said agreeably.

  Kipper gave me a satisfied wink and
went on his way.

  I knew how to put a stop to all of
the quandary over my disappearance
the easiest way, I thought. I would go
to the phone from which Dr. Hunt had
made his general announcements and
I would simply say, “Hissss! When do
I get my ssssupper?”

  I was crossing through the six-cor-
nered room, moving carefully, for it
was almost completely dark, and I
didn’t want to welcome myself back
with a crash of any expensive glass
tubes. I had got as far as Dr. Hunt’s
rolling chair in the middle of the room
when I heard the sounds of low voices
from somewhere in the vicinity of the
nearest laboratory table. As a serpent,
whose flesh and bones were of great in-
terest to these scientists, I had every
reason to be interested in low, whispery
voices.

  One of the voices was that of Dr.
Winston.

  “How much do you think the serpent
knows?” Winston said quietly.

  I could see Winston’s tall, courtly
figure silhouetted against the faint cir-
cle of light emanating from one of the
instruments.

  The voice which answered Winston
was not familiar, but I knew at once
that it was not Dr. Hunt’s. It had a
deep-cistern quality—a hollow echo,
like a voice coming through a long, dark
tunnel. And yet it was distinct, with

sharp, crackling edges to the consonant
sounds, like little crackles of thunder
very close to your ear.

  “He knows,” said the deep-cistern
voice, “that Dr. Hunt was forced to
come here.”

  “Then he must know,” said Dr.
Winston, “that there is a power which
holds Dr. Hunt in control.”

  “He has not seen me,” said the deep-
cistern.

  “I thought,” Winston said, “that you
had succeeded in influencing Hunt to
have him killed at once—for his skele-
ton.”

  “That was my intention,” the voice
rumbled. “But Dr. Hunt’s own plan
rose up in his mind just when I thought
I had succeeded. Dr. Hunt has never
yet been completely subordinated . . .”

  I was getting an earful, all right. I
tried to catch sight of the form that
gave out with the deep-cistern tones,
but I couldn’t see anyone except Dr.
Winston. I was taking an awful risk,
being here this way, and I was getting
nervous. My tail kept twitching.

  What if they should turn on a light?

  What a dilemma! Somewhere they
were stewing about losing me. The
driver and the attendant were probably
getting a verbal roasting for their care-
lessness. I should go to Dr. Hunt at
once to prove that I had come back un-
harmed.

  But I couldn’t—I just couldn’t walk
out on an eaves-dropping set-up like
this. Here, in one quick earful, I’d
learned more about Dr. Hunt and Dr.
Winston than in all of my talks with the
scientists back on earth. They had be-
lieved that if I could once find Dr. Hunt
and provide a way for him to return,
that he’d jump at the chance.

^^"OW I saw, as plain as day, that
someone held such a club over him
that he couldn’t be sure which of his
44

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

thoughts were his own. It was that
power—the deep-cistern voice—which
had made Hunt plan to strip me into a
skeleton. It was Hunt’s own mercy
that had schemed to postpone my dis-
section.

  And what of Winston? Winston—
my fine, handsome hero with the suave
manner and the kingly appearance!

  Was Winston also in league with this
superior agent? Were the two of them
keeping Dr. Hunt in subjection?

  “Making a turnip out of him!” I
muttered to myself. “Squeezing the
blood of genius out of him for their
own stew.”

  Yes, Dr. Hunt had delayed my dis-
section out of his own inspiration to
send me on a mission—to let me con-
front those skulking outcasts of space
who called themselves the Mashas, to
see whether I could learn, from the in-
side, what dangerous powers they pos-
sessed.

  But hadn’t Dr. Winston also had the
same idea?

  As I looked back upon their moment
of inspiration, it seemd to me that both
doctors had caught the idea simultane-
ously. It had happened under the pur-
ple light, when I had stood frozen with
three pygmies beneath my open jaws. I
wondered—

  Swish-swish-swish — that was Dr.
Winston, now sauntering toward an-
other table. In another moment he
would switch on a light.

  I didn’t dare creep any farther across
the room. I might bump into the deep-
voiced power.

  Should I hide? Or should I face
them?

  After what I had just heard, they
might kill me!

  The wheeled-chair. It was right at
hand. I crawled silently around it, into
it, around its back and into the under-
side of it.

  No squeaks, thank goodness. The re-
pair man had oiled it recently. I won-
dered if he had put new upholstery on
it too. My scales had gathered dust
and rust from the roof. Would I leave
marks?

  I did a tall job of coiling myself, and
quite a length of tail was left over. This,
however, I automatically coiled into a
disc of flesh, wound like a clock-spring,
and allowed that end of me to fold over
into the seat.

  The lights went on along one wall.

  I thought I caught a glimpse of the
deep-cistern voice for just an instant, at
the edge of the green glow. But I was
uncertain. From the corner of my eye
it seemed that I was seeing a huge
model of a human skull, almost as large
as a barrel. It was moving back out of
my range of vision, and I didn’t dare
look. It must have been a piece of ap-
paratus, I thought. Or was it a mask?

  The deep-cistern voice came from
that direction, and now I thought of it
as a voice resounding through a large
empty skull.

  “I should go,” the voice said. “Dr.
Hunt shouldn’t find us here together.”

  “He’ll be in soon,” said Winston.
“He’s holding court for the two men
who let the serpent get away. As soon
as he calls, I’ll roll his chair in for him.”

  The deep voice chuckled. “Very fond
of that throne, isn’t he! Why don’t you
take that honor away from him?”

  SHUDDERED, and the chills tried
to slide through the crooked route
from my neck to my tail.

  “You’re tempting me,” said Dr. Win-
ston. I could see him standing a few
feet in front of the chair, stroking his
square jaws with his white, sensitive
fingers.

  “You might allow yourself four arms,
too, you know,” said the deep-voiced
power. “Then you’d fit into the rolling
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

45

throne quite as gracefully as he does.”
“I can fill it,” Winston said, not sure
but what he was being taunted. He was
looking at me without seeing me. But
the color effect of my green and purple
scales made an impression. “Well, look
at this!”

  “What?”

  “New upholstery job. Hunt’s been
asking for it. But I hadn’t noticed—”
The phone on the chair gave two
sharp rings.

  “That’s Hunt, calling for me,” Win-
ston said. “I’d just as well ride in.
He’ll never know.”

  He crawled into the seat and leaned
back against the flattened coils of my
flesh.

  I could imagine that the deep-voiced
power must have seen me by then. But
I was wrong. He spoke, “Well, how does
it feel? Quite important, eh? You’d
like it, Winston. Think it over.”

  The phone rang again—two angry
rings.

  Dr. Winston touched the controls.
The rolling chair gave a little lurch,
then stopped short. I must have been
weighing down on the brakes. I tried
to shift just a trifle.

  Two more rings.

  “Why don’t you go?” the voice called
from the far side of the room. “He’ll

be suspicious.”

  “I’m trying—”

  “Well, anyway, I’m going. Think
over what I told you.”

  The swish-swish-swish gave me the
picture of large soft-surfaced feet be-
neath that barrel-sized skull—though I
must say it wasn’t a very complete pic-
ture in my mind. All I knew was that
the mysterious man—or creature—who
directed the goings-on of these labora-
tories with a sinister hand, was making
a quiet exit. I leaned, trying to catch
one more glimpse. My effort was too
much for the balance of the chair. I

saw the disappearing shadow of a huge
skull, with light from an outer room
gleaming through a translucent eye.
Then the rear door closed.

  The chair was tipping backwards. I
touched my hand to the floor just in
time to avoid a spill.

  “Oooof!”

  Dr. Winston jerked forward. Then
he sat back, testing the seat. He
bounced a little, and was about to get
out to see what was wrong; but the coils
of my tail (which he had taken for new
green - and - purple upholstery) moved
just a trifle—just enough to catch a
light grip on his waist.

  He pushed the “upholstery” back
and brushed his hands, muttering,
“Sticky!”

  Then Dr. Hunt came striding in,
looking tough enough to eat glass.

  “What’s the matter? Why didn’t you
come?” Dr. Hunt stopped short, giv-
ing Winston the cold eye. “What’s
this? Have you traded places with me?”

  “Something’s wrong,” said Winston
weakly. “I couldn’t get it to go.”

  “Get out of there. I’ll show you
how.”

  “I’m stuck in the new upholstery,”
said Winston.

 “New upholstery? What new—
Ughl”

  The doctor’s eyes jumped in a way
that caused Winston to turn pale. Or
perhaps it was the fact that I had con-
sidered it time to uncurl myself, having
no desire to usurp Dr. Hunt’s pet
throne.

  Once I started, I uncurled rapidly;
but the curve of my tail slid into a loop
around Dr. Winston’s waist, and I
drew him right over the back of the
chair. When my action began he gave
a gulping sound and started to mutter
some sort of prayer under his breath;
but a moment later he was saying noth-
ing, for he saw me and fainted dead
46

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

away.

  I dropped him on the floor and
turned to drink in Dr. Hunt’s frozen
stare. I glanced upward, for a moment
thinking that the paralysis ray must be
on. No, it was simply Dr. Hunt trying
hard to believe his own eyes.

CHAPTER XV

T GAVE a bow and a hiss and tried to
ease a very tense situation by laugh-
ing lightly.

“Well, what next!” Dr. Hunt gasped.
“Did they tell you I was missing?” I
said. “I came back. I came into Lab-
oratory H to report, but there was some
kind of conference going on.”

  “Yes?”

  “So I thought I’d wait by your chair
and tell you when you came in. You
should know what they were saying.”
Dr. Hunt mopped his forehead and
checked up on his sharp mustaches and
beard as if he thought they might be
missing. Then he gathered his faculties
together and began to talk, heedless of
what I was about to tell him.

  “I’ve been getting you ready for a
job,” he said. The glint in his eye told
me that he considered it important for
me to prepare quickly and indulge in no
foolishness. He gave me a motion to
stand to one side. I waited by the wall
while he gave Winston a few slaps with
all four of his hands to bring the man
to life. Winston came up nodding and
blinking, and sat while Dr. Hunt gave
me his orders.

  “You’ve come back to this lab after
you were away and free—am I right?”
“Right,” I said.

  “Then you’ll come back again,” he
said, “and I’m going to depend on it. I
have faith that you’re a straight ser-
pent. See?”

  I didn’t deter him with any hints that
I might or I might not be, depending

upon his plans for turning me into a
museum-piece. I knew now that, if left
to his own devises, Dr. Hunt would
postpone that unpleasantness for me as
long as possible.

  “I’m going to send you on your as-
signment at once,” Dr. Hunt said.
“Come this way and I’ll show you the
map of the territory once more.”

  I looked at Dr. Hunt and saw that
he meant business. So he wasn’t going
to make me account for my runaway
act. Instead, he was going to press me
into service before I embarked on any
more monkeyshines.

  I might have complied without any
hesitation, and considered it an honor
—if I hadn’t caught a sidelong glance
from Winston, sitting there, watching
me with a cold eye. The fellow was
still badly chilled, I knew. He kept
rubbing his sides where my scales had
clutched him. But the real part of his
scare was because I knew too much.

  “This way,” Dr. Hunt repeated, mo-
tioning to me with three or four arms.

  I stamped about, folded my lower
legs under me, and rose high on my
forelegs, craning my neck and head up-
ward as if I meant to be heard. I
caught a glimpse of myself reflected in
some of the glass utensils, and my very
pose helped to inspire me for what I
needed to say.

  “It it high time, Dr. Hunt, that you
and I cleared some atmosphere be-
tween us,” I said.

  The doctor’s beard gave an impatient
twitch, but he stopped cold and took
me in.

  “I came here from the earth for a
purpose,” I said. “I came in the guise
of a pilot for Ernest Marsch, who is
planning some commercial enterprise
from this planet. But my real reason
for coming was to get you.”

  Dr. Hunt placed his fists on his hips.
“Why should you want to get me?”
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

47

  “Because you’re too useful a scientist
to desert the earth. I want to take you
back. Your own planet and your own
solar system need you.”

  “I’m doing very well here, thank
you,” said Hunt. I saw him cast a
quick look at Winston before he added,
“After all, I’m running the best re-
search laboratory you ever saw. You
haven’t convinced me that there’s any-
thing more advanced on the earth.”
“Granted,” I said. “But maybe I
can convince you that you aren’t run-
ning this place. You should have heard
what I just heard. Dr. Winston and
that deep-voiced fellow have just been
gloating over the way they’re duping
you, Dr. Hunt!”

A/TY WORDS struck hard. I thought
the doctor’s mustaches were go-
ing to spike his eyebrows. All four of
his hands came up in defense. I went
on:

  “They’re planning to turn me into a
laboratory skeleton, and they forced
that plan into your mind, somehowI
said. “You were all ready to go
through with it, too. You’ve even set
up a pedestal for my bones to rest on.
But your own good scientific judgment
got the better of you and made you
wait. You know that I’m more valu-
able alive than dead. If you can ob-
serve me, and watch me function, and
prove my usefulness—”

  The doctor was moving toward me
slowly, with a wonderful light of curi-
osity in his fine face.

  “Who did you say is duping me?” he
asked slowly.

  “Dr. Winston and some fellow with
a voice like a deep cistern.”

  Winston sprang to his feet. “Don’t
believe a word of it. That snake is just
hissing to hear his own breath.”

“Is he?” Dr. Hunt scowled deeply.
“I’ll keep right on hissing,” I said.

“I’ll tell you both what I overheard
while I was hiding around that chair.
The deep-voiced fellow said it wouldn’t
be good for the two of them to be found
here together.”

  “Very interesting,” said the doctor.
“And he tempted Winston to take
over your throne.”

  “Indeed.”

  “Stop it!” Winston cried. “I’m
your friend, Dr. Hunt, and you know
it.”

  “We all know, Dr. Hunt,” I went on,
gesturing with my long arm, “that you
came here because you were forced to
come. Do you admit that, Dr. Hunt?”
Hunt was too busy searching Win-
ston’s eyes to answer me. Winston
was coming toward him, both hands
extended, and he was doing a good job
of imploring.

  “I’m your jriend, Dr. Hunt,” he was
saying. “You know I’m your friend.
You’re not going to listen to that—that
snakeI”

  “He’s a snake by an accident of
fate,” Hunt growled. “But if he’s lying,
I’ll see that he’s boiled in oil.” He
turned to me. “What did this deep-
voiced fellow look like?”

  “I didn’t see him,” I said. “I only
saw the shadow of a big skull.”

  “How big was he?”

  “I don’t know. It was dark, and
after I hid in the chair I couldn’t turn
to see, even after the lights went on.
But I’d know his voice among ten mil-
lion voices.”

  “Which way did he go?”

  “Out that door. You had rung, and
he said it was time for him to leave.”
Winston began to laugh. He mocked
my words so thoroughly that he almost
shook me loose from the facts I had
seen with my own eyes.

  There wasn’t anything more I could
do or say. I had played my hand, and
I was losing. You see, it wasn’t easy
48

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

for Dr. Hunt to place any trust in a
newcomer like me on such short ac-
quaintance. I had already pulled my
share of snaky tricks, and this might
be another. I couldn’t reach in a secret
pocket and pull out a fistful of creden-
tials that proved the earth scientists
had sent me here to bring Hunt back.
I didn’t even have a pocket. I only had
scales and a pair of deceitful looking
eyes and a monstrous form that made
men shudder to look at me.

  “If you’ll pardon me,” said Winston,
“I think I’ll go take a bath. That slimy
thing left me with the creeps.”

  That was all he needed to say. I was
a snake. Any warning truths I might
offer were just so much hissing.

  “I’ll give you some pointers on the
new experiment a little later, Dr. Win-
ston,” Dr. Hunt said with his usual pro-
fessional manner—and that was enough
to convince me that I hadn’t dented the
confidence that existed between these
two. Dr. Hunt turned to me. “As for
you, you may either go forth on your
assignment or return quietly to your
cage. Which will it be?”

CHAPTER XVI

T MOVED along at a slow, thoughtful
crawling pace through the remain-
der of the night, watching the last of the
six moons slide silently through the
skies.

  The air was fresh and fragrant, and
I was glad to be away from the odors
of the mountain fortress. A whiff of
blossom scents caused me to turn my
course toward the long jagged black
line, far down the valley, which I knew
to be the crevasse.

  That crevasse, with its river two miles
below the surface of the land, had of-
fered me plenty of pain since I had
first fallen into this weird world. But
it was not like the pain that I suffered

now—the pain of not being trusted.
Strange to say, I felt a nostalgic at-
traction for the crevasse again, and half
wished that I might return to its rocky
walls and bathe again in its warm
waters.

  What a mood! I was nursing my
injuries. I was sore because Dr. Hunt
hadn’t toppled for my first invitation
to junk his set-up on Space Island and
come back to the earth with me.

  I was sore and disillusioned because
Dr. Winston had so quickly collapsed
from a fine, wholesome hero with a
keen intellect to a sinister, conniving
heel.

  Was he that? Somehow I continued
to cling to a hope that he wasn’t. If
that deep-cistern voice had managed
to put a malicious bug in Dr. Hunt’s
brain, maybe he had done the same
thing for Dr. Winston. Maybe he was
duping both of the boys and making
suckers out of them.

  I looked back to the road that led
to the mountain fortress. Why had
I come away before I had got to the
bottom of these things? Why hadn’t
I stayed at least long enough to see
that deep-cistern voice and find out
where it lived and what it meant to do.

  Could it have been some sort of
animal, like myself, with a heavy hu-
man skull—a deep throat—soft swishy
feet?

  Then as I lay on the soft grass and
closed my eyes to turn my troubles
over in a half-sleeping mind, my
thoughts returned to the missing Ernest
Marsch ... I wondered. . ..

  How long ago it seemed! . . . I was
thinking back to our flight. . . .

  We had been flying through space
only an hour, I recalled, when Flora
Hessel first discovered that Marsch had
deceived her.

  “Where is my female companion?”
Flora had asked.
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

49

  The incident came back clearly
through the channels of memory.

  “I’d told you there’d be a female
companion to travel with you,” Marsch
had answered sharply, “and I’ve kept
my promise. Now stop your silly wor-
rying.”

  It was Flora Hessel’s first trip away
from the earth, and although I was
kept busy in the control room, I could
hear snatches of their conversation,
and I knew that she was uneasy. I
dreaded to think that she might be
that way all the way from the solar
system to Space Island. But she was
being reasonable and patient. All she
wanted to know, now that we had em-
barked from the earth, was, who was
her female companion and why couldn’t
they meet at once and get acquainted?

  Ernest Marsch lighted a cigar and
began to pace uneasily. I saw that his
mate, Pete Hogan, was getting nervous,
watching to see what Marsch meant to
do. I knew, and Hogan must have
known, that there wasn’t any other
lady on board the ship.

  “Your companion’s name is Terry,”
said Marsch. “Ma Terry. She’s in
the second stateroom having a nap. No
use to wake her. She’s a safe enough
companion for anyone. She likes peo-
ple and she has a soft heart, just like
you, Miss Hessel. You two ought to
get along just fine.”

T SAW Pete Hogan gulp. He didn’t
say a word. Whenever Ernest
Marsch made a statement, it stood;
Hogan was not one to cross him up.

  Marsch came toward the control
room, his wide shoulders filling the
doorway for a moment. He saw that
I was busy, and blowing a puff of smoke
in my direction he closed the door on
me, so that I wouldn’t notice what hap-
pened next.

  But I was curious, so I set the con-

trols and opened the visor that gave me
a view of the main room.

  Flora Hessel was getting angry and
suspicious. When Marsch tried to di-
vert her from her questions by putting
an arm around her, she began to storm.
She didn’t want any of his petting. All
she wanted was to see Ma Terry.

  I opened the door a crack to hear the
conversation, then.

  “Get Ma Terry,” Marsch said to Ho-
gan, champing angrily on his cigar.

  “If you say so.”

  “I said so, didn’t I? Get her.”
“Miss Hessel may be kinda disap-
pointed,” Pete Hogan said dubiously.
“Shut up!”

  Hogan shrugged and went to the sec-
ond stateroom and opened the door.
He whistled. “Come, Terry.”

  Out came a little black-and-white
terrier dog.

  “She’s a Mamma Terrier,” Marsch
said out of curled lips. “We call her
Ma Terry for short. That’s your fe-
male companion. I always keep my
promises. She’s gentle and soft hearted,
just like you. You two ought to get
along just fine.”

  Flora Hessel walked up to Marsch,
then, and slapped his face. He was red
and white and purple, and he came at
her with a fist. Hogan gave a gesture
as if to stop him, and gulped a scared,
“Don’t do it—don’t.”

  But I was the guy who dashed in
and put the strongarm on the boss in
time to keep Flora from getting her
teeth knocked out. One solid sock to
his jaw did the trick. He lay in the
corner for two hours and no one touched
him.

  Flora kept to her room most of the
time after that, though she occasion-
ally came into the main room when
several of us were gathered there—for
lunch, or a game of cards, or a round
of sky-study. Marsch must have felt
50

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

that he’d pulled a pretty crude gag
when she refused to warm up to his
advances. Evidently he had thought
she’d fall into his arms, not because he
was so handsome, but because he was
the boss and was able to talk in big
terms about some nebulous commercial
venture he was getting ready to launch
from Space Island.

  He kept his temper under control,
for the most part; but his savage feel-
ings were right there under the sur-
face, and he saved a choice bit of dem-
onstration for Flora. It happened after
Flora had made friends with “Ma Ter-
ry” and had got in the habit of feeding
the dog right after our lunch, talking
as kindly with it as she might have
with her own sister. Marsch had
watched with growing jealousy and
waited for his chance.

  Then it came: the dog got under his
feet by mistake, and he gave it a kick.
It whimpered, and he kicked it again.
Flora asked him to stop, and that was
all he needed. In a fit of anger he
kicked “Ma Terry” to death.

  After the dog was disposed of,
Marsch walked back and forth through
the ship, eying any of us who hap-
pened to be talking, as if just daring
us to criticize his action. It was his
expedition, and by god he’d run things
as he pleased.

  It was a pretty unhappy trip, after
that. He and I were right on the ragged
edge of a gun fight once when someone
separated us. At another time I was
already to walk into him with my fists
swinging, when he changed his mind
about something that had led to the
trouble.

  And so it had been, as we approached
Space Island, that he and I were keep-
ing an eye on each other like two sus-
picious hawks. And then, as we had
slowed down and were moving through
the atmosphere for a landing, a strange

and unaccountable explosion had struck
us—BLAMMMM!—and the blinding
white light had been the last thing I
had remembered. . . .

  And the next thing had been the
water, deep down in the crevasse, hours
and hours later . . . and I had awak-
ened gradually to discover that I had
become a serpent. . . .

  Now the new day was dawning, and
I curled up in the edge of a thicket
whose greenish-blue hues would give me
a color protection from the eyes of any
chance passers-by. The weight of my
troubles had made me weary, and I
thought I would sleep the forenoon
away. And I might have, if a space
ship hadn’t come zooming down from
the sky.

 BLAMMMM!

CHAPTER XVII

rJPHE explosive qualities of Space
Island were a fact to be reckoned
with. Explosions were Space Island’s
official welcome, it seemed, for every-
thing that dropped down out of the
skies.

  I had gone through it once myself.
Later I had seen it happen to a dead
space ship that floated in aimlessly.
Now I was seeing it for the third time.

  This was a shapely, well-knit ship
that was obviously cruising into the val-
ley for a landing. The deadly invis-
ible trap caught it, and suddenly the
splinters of wreckage were falling over
a range of three or four miles, drifting
down like so many feathers. I dis-
cerned a few human bodies among the
falling objects. They were alive and
kicking. Transformed? Well, not yet,
at least. But soon!

  Two of the falling men wore starchy
blue uniforms, and one of these fell
within a quarter of a mile of my hiding
place. I sprang to my feet and went
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

51

into a high-powered snake gallop, using
my swiftest crawling muscles to give
myself an extra boost from the belly
with every leap.

  Within forty yards of the fallen of-
ficer I stopped, hid myself, and waited.

  He had struck easily, not like a man
falling to the earth, but with the airi-
ness of a balloon. He was sufficiently
stunned, however, that he crawled off
dizzily on his hands and knees. Should
I have helped him up? I might have
scared the poor fellow out of his wits.
I waited, then slowly followed to keep
him in sight.

  Now it was apparent that he might
have remained in his human form. But
he was crawling toward a pool of water,
and as soon as he began to drink, and
to bathe his face, it happened.

  It was a sight to watch, and I don’t
think I’d have stopped it if he had been
my own grandfather.

  His clothing began to fall away from
him. He was resting on his hands and
knees over the water. Like anyone
else, he felt the need of the life-giving
fluid after the blast of heat and pain
he’d gone through.

  His neck and head began to take on
a beast-like shape. His body shortened
and his legs contracted into the legs of
pigs.

  Legs, feet, ears, snout! He was a
wretched, grunting hog!

  He looked back at his clothes and
gave a snort of disgust. Then he stood
there, quite as dazed as a prizefighter
who has taken a knockout. With his
front feet in the edge of the pool and
his snout burrowing senselessly in the
mud, he let his eyes fall closed and
went comfortably to sleep.

  It had all happened within a few
minutes of the explosion. What a
strange landing!

  Later I was to learn from Kipper
more of the forces back of such events.

The force that caused the explosions
was a ray which emanated from a hori-
zontal ray-gun imbedded in the moun-
tains somewhere above the scientists’
fortress. It and several others like it
guarded the several surrounding valleys
from the dangers of falling objects. If
giant meteorites fell through space to
land here, they, like all other approach-
ing objects, must pass through the
plane where the invisible rays would
break them into pieces and retard their
fall.

  But the ray was not intended to be
deadly in its effect upon living crea-
tures. And the ray did not transform.
The transformations were produced by
certain natural elements—as I shall ex-
plain in a moment.

  I looked beyond the sleeping pig,
remembering that there were other
fallen men to be considered.

  One of them I spied less than a mile
away. He had come through with no
damage whatever. He was walking
slowly toward the low foothills that
lay pink in the morning sun. I slipped
along cautiously for many yards, then
stopped abruptly. His voice? Was he
crying for help?

  He was calling. I crawled closer un-
til I caught his words.

  “A messssage for the Massshas!” He
was singing it out to the foothills. “A
messssage for the Massshas!”

  No, he wasn’t out of his head. He
knew exactly what he was doing. He
and all the rest of this small party had
come here with the intention of mak-
ing contact with the Mashas. And this
was the password.

  It worked. Right away a delegation
of twelve or fifteen pygmies came run-
ning out of the foothills to greet him.

  Why? What was going on here?
Another of the newcomers also moved
toward the foothills, calling the pass-
word.
52

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

JC'IVE low, artificial, earthen mounds
provided the official entrance to
Masha Land, an underground city. An
arched opening in the center mound was
just large enough for these two way-
farers from the sky to enter—on their
hands and knees. The twelve or fifteen
Mashas followed them in, and that was
that. I was left to wonder what it was
all about.

  I can’t say why I crawled back to
the sleeping pig at the edge of the pool,
unless it was because my appetite was
rising. But as I was approaching, I
looked back to the fortress mountains
to see that the other part of this weird
world had also taken notice of the new
arrivals.

  A squadron of fifteen planes roared
out of the mountain and began to fly
up and down the valley. The show was
running true to form, I thought. Who-
ever had come in today’s windfall, the
fortress meant to get in on its share of
the gleanings. That was how it had
happened before: the scientists had sent
out a search party to pick up the pieces
—and also to reconvert into their hu-
man forms any newly formed specimens
who weren’t interesting enough in their
design to deserve a place in Dr. Hunt’s
museum.

  On this search, someone—or rather,
something—was soon spotted. I wished
I had got there in time to see what sort
of monstrosity it was. But one of the
planes had already circled down to
fly over within a few feet of the surface
of a stream of water. Out went a pack-
age of yellow powders. Pwoof! A
small explosion of dust and steam!

  Flora Hessel should have been here
to see, I thought. This was exactly
the way it had happened to her.

  When the cloud cleared, the subject
walked out in his normal human form
—a fine looking specimen of a man.

  The blimp came over, then, and a

basket was dropped for the fellow. He
finally got in, under protest. I could
see that he didn’t want the rescuers to
know that he had had other plans. Ob-
viously he had meant to find his way
into the camp of the Mashas.

  All of which meant that this particu-
lar party of earth men had come with
a special purpose that had something
to do with the Mashas. The scientists
up in the mountains had better beware.

  Once again I hurried back to the
sleepy, grunting beast that I had left at
the edge of a pool. As an officer, he
wouldn’t be taken over by the search
squadron too easily, I thought.

  But it happened that the planes didn’t
spot him. Their pygmy enemies got to
him first. They came on him with
zeego guns.

  Once again, I thought that Flora
Hassel should have been here to see, for
she had also been the target of zeego
fire.

  Flash-flash-flash!

  I held back, hardly breathing. Was
it going to work again? Yes, it was
happening. The three pygmies ap-
proached cautiously, then more con-
fidently.

  He was changing.

  From grunting pork chops into a mut-
tering officer! The transformation took
place as swiftly as grease melts in a hot
pan.

  He was evidently the same officer.
He had lost a share of his dignity with
the loss of his clothes; but he was the
same in his mannerisms, as soon as the
pygmies had offered him a wrap to
throw around his body. They were
welcoming him, calling him by name,
asking him whether he felt okay. They
found him bewildered and a trifle un-
certain of his directions. He wanted
to consult a map from the clothing that
he had lost, but when he examined the
scraps he found everything too nearly
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

53

demolished to be of any service. He
placed his faith in the pygmies, then,
and they conducted him away toward
the five-mound entrance.

  I drew a deep breath. My serpent
cunning had permitted me to see a great
many things in the last few minutes,
and I was beginning to understand
much that I hadn’t understood before.

  // the planes had found this sleeping
hog first, I knew that they would have
restored him to normal and taken him
back to the fortress, just as they took
Flora, and would have pressed him into
service as a cook, or an attendant, or
a guard, or a laboratory assistant—
according to his talent. That was the
way their kingdom was growing . . .
And they might never know that he had
come here with the secret purpose of
plotting with the Mashas—not until
sometime later when the Mashas’ own
brand of hell would break loose.

jy/fOREOVER, I was understanding
the series of conditions, at last,
which appeared to underlie all of these
weird bodily changes.

  And as I understood, it gave me new
hope that I too might find my way back
to normal.

  It was a triple punch—a game of one,
two, three.

  The first punch was man’s ingenuity
—the effects of hidden ray-guns which
the scientists had planted in the moun-
tains.

  The second punch was nature’s own,
and must have been operating for cen-
turies. Certain waters in this region
played their surprise tricks upon the
bodies of all comers who, stunned and
fainting and thirsty, partook of their
seemingly magic qualities.

  The third punch—undoing nature’s
transformation—was something that
might be accomplished by shock.

  Any shock? Zee go fire?—yes. A

flare of yellow powders?—yes. Other
explosions or concussions? Perhaps.
As I say, I was beginning to feel hope-
ful, for at last I was seeing a way to
work these powders for my own pur-
pose.

  If I wanted Dr. Hunt to listen to
my pleading, I should first return to
human form. Then I could march back
to the mountain fortress and make him
hear me.

  It was a hopeful moment for me,
watching the Mashas lead the officer
away. Just beyond my fingertips were
the tracks of the pig’s feet sharp-cut in
the mud.

  But I couldn’t be too optimistic. I
had already proved too hard-crusted
for the zeego guns. As for the powders,
I had withstood two explosions, and
each time I had been only partially
restored.

  For the remainder of that day I
lolled around in the sun, devising all
sorts of shock treatments for myself,
in imagination. I imagined throwing
myself over the side of the mountain;
but the memory of my fall through the
crevasse gave me an awful shudder.

  Could I leap under the wheels of a
speeding truck? Could I start a forest
fire and leap into it? Could I creep
into the ranks of the guards at the
fortress and start devouring them, so
that they would shoot me with bullets?

  None of these plans appealed to me
as being pleasant, and I had visions
that any of them might prove uncom-
fortable.

  My nerves were pretty jumpy over
all of this speculation. I wanted to re-
store myself to normal, but I didn’t
want to kill myself in the attempt.
After all, it was better to live as a
serpent than to die as a man.

  “It is better to live as a serpent,” I
said to myself several times, “than to
die as a man.”
54

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

  I was fond of that conclusion and
was tempted to carve it in stone. At any
rate, I had found some consolation. I
was a serpent, but at least I had my
human memory and most of my nor-
mal faculties of reasoning, only lightly
adulterated by serpent instincts. I had
better leave well-enough alone, and not
tempt the fates to cancel what was left
of me.

  “It’s not so bad being a serpent,” I
told myself, “after you once get your
belly toughened up.”

  And so, after crawling through a
maze of mysteries, I was beginning to
find myself.

  I approached the mounds quietly.

CHAPTER XVIII

rT''HE Mashas were inside their

  mounds, warm and comfortable, no
doubt. A light rain was sprinkling
down over my forty-foot form, and I
shivered with the thought that the
waters of Space Island might transform
me again and take away the arms and
legs . . .

  But no, I had encountered rains be-
fore with no ill effects. I was safe. My
theory of transformation might be
faulty, but I needn’t fear the rain.

  The only trouble was that these
foothills I was crossing so carefully
were structures of earth. I was not
only leaving a twisted path in the mois-
tened dust, I was occasionally causing
a piece of some Masha’s roof to fall in.

  Clunk!

  I heard a screech of annoyed pygmy
voices below me. I had probably
knocked half a ton of earth down on
their supper. I scurried down into the
depression between the mounds and
threaded my way swiftly to other
places.

  I came back to one of the five
mounds that provided the entrance to

this honeycomb city. Of all the hundred
questions that were making quick chills
of adventure play along my spine, the
most tantalizing was, Why had these
newly arrived full-grown earth people
been welcomed here? What strange
game was going on within these
mounds?

  Low voices were welling up through
the open ventilator of the farthest
mound as I crept up to the crest of its
earthen roof. They were pygmy voices.
Two wizened little officials were in
conference. They were sitting on the
earth floor, their bronzed bodies high-
lighted by a flickering red fire.

  “We lost one of them to the blimp,”
one was admitting. “They will hold
him unless we invade and rescue him.
Marsch says there isn’t time. We’ll
attack tomorrow morning.”

  “Anyway three of Marsch’s leaders
came through. If they’re as clever as
Marsch claims, we have a fighting
chance to win, this time.”

  Marsch? Ernest Marsch? Was he
mixed up in this world? I was holding
my breath for fear I’d gasp too loudly
over the tile ventilator shaft.

  They were obviously planning to
storm the fortress again soon, and these
pygmy officials were saying that the
newly arrived men were leaders who
had come at Marsch’s request. There
was some grumbling of disappointment
because one of the newcomers had been
whisked away by the blimp. The same
thing, someone said, had happened to
the girl that Marsch had brought a
few days before. She had been one of
his special employees, and the fortress
had got her.

  “We should have had her, at all
costs.”

  “Well, who’s to blame? You saw for
yourself that she’d become a two-
headed cat. All you had to do was turn
the zeego fire on her.”
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

55

  “All right, keep harping on it. We’d
have had her if that snaky monster
hadn’t whirled into the picture.”

  “So you stopped shooting?”

  “He got one of us, as it was.”

  “You might have turned your guns
on him.”

  “But Marsch didn’t want him—not
alive, I mean. Let the scientists have
him. By this time they probably have
him on a pedestal.”

  They ceased to grumble about lost
opportunities a moment later when a
messenger brought them the announce-
ment that Marsch would hold a pre-in-
vasion assembly tonight.

  “Pre-invasion?” someone said skep-
tically. “I have the inside information
that Marsch is really planning some-
thing else. Those new ships he’s patched
together are all set for a space hop.
He’s going to take the whole lot of us
to some new planet to start a new
colony.”

T>Y THIS time I knew there were at
least a dozen pygmy officials in
the room, though my view allowed me
to see only three or four at a time.
There was considerable dissention over
what Marsch might be planning for
them. The official report was that
bombing ships were ready, and that
the Masha volunteers would fly over
the fortress and win it by dropping a
few bombs.

  But the rumor was spreading that
Marsch’s real plan was to transport
them all to a brighter land.

  All of which left me guessing. What
was Marsch’s commercial angle? He
wasn’t playing missionary to these
downtrodden outcasts. One could be
sure that he had his eye on the dollar in
the bargain. But so far, I couldn’t see
the dollar.

  In fact, I hadn’t even seen Marsch
since I had turned serpent. I wasn’t

sure that he had come through alive.

  A few minutes later I was looking
down through the triple-tiled ventila-
tors at the other end of the row of five
mounds, and there he was—Ernest
Marsch in person.

  His cigar smoke had led me to him.
Through the rain-washed air the aroma
had reached me, and I had moved
along through the night’s darkness un-
til I had come to what was apparently
his own Masha headquarters.

  He was pacing, smoking, waiting im-
patiently. Around him were a few earth
men—three who had come today, and
a few from the ship that I had piloted.

  “The girl should be here soon,”
Marsch said, glancing at his watch.
“We need her to put the assembly
over. The whole Masha gang will trust
us if she’ll say the right words.”

  “They won’t trust us very long,”
someone said. “Not after we take off.”
“We don’t give a damn about that,”
Marsch snorted. “Just so we get them
aboard the ships. Hell, as soon as
we’re out in space it makes no differ-
ence. Before they ever wake up to
what’s coming, we’ll have them un-
loaded and sold as slaves

  Nobody seemed surprised to hear
these words. The men were all in on
a well-organized scheme that was just
about to come off. They talked of lin-
ing their pockets well, and Marsch as-
sured them that the interplanetary mar-
ket where these slaves were to be
dumped didn’t pay off in peanuts.

  There was a little sentimental talk
about Pete Hogan, who had had the
hard luck to fall over the precipice
when my ship had dropped us here.
“Poor Pete,” Marsch said, “he should
have got in on this gravy. He was the
best yes-man I ever had.” But Pete
had fallen into the depressed river, just
as I had done, and the conclusion was
he’d changed into a fish. Now I re-
56

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

called that several pygmies had been at
work, during my first hours of con-
sciousness on this planet, trying to get
something out of that deep stream.
Marsch had failed to recover his lost
mate—but I had got my first pygmy
dinner out of the deall

  They spoke of losing a pygmy in
their attempted rescue.

  “Who was that devilish serpent?”
someone asked.

  “Probably my pilot, Bob Garrison,”
Marsch said. “I’ll rest easier when I
know they’ve run him through the lab
and scoured his bones. He was a
trouble-maker. I think he had his own
scheme in coming here. He wanted to
rescue Dr. Hunt.”

  “From what I hear, there’s no chance
of that,” one of the newly arrived men
said.

  “No, not as long as the White Head
keeps both of the doctors under his
thumb,” Marsch said.

  There was something about the way
he intoned the words, “White Head.”
Instantly I thought of the shadowy
white skull I had glimpsed in my spree
of eavesdropping in the laboratories.

  Marsch added, “Have no fear about
our plan, as far as the White Head is
concerned, gentlemen. As I have as-
sured you, he plays both sides of the
fence. I have his complete approval.”

rT''HROUGH the darkness I had been
hearing other voices. A party was
approaching this earthen city from
somewhere down the valley. Within a
few minutes the footsteps were thud-
ding softly through the underground
passages and presently they came into
Marsch’s headquarters. It was a party
of pygmies—I recognized Padderman
and Jallan whom I had once encoun-
tered on the fortress roof—and they
brought with them Flora Hessel.

  “I told you we’d succeed,” one of

them gloated.

  Marsch complimented them and dis-
missed them. Then he and his guests
viewed the prize that stood before
them: beautiful, black-haired, dark-
eyed Flora. Her face was tilted upward
in a characteristically proud pose, and
I could read her fearlessness in her
firm lips.

  Marsch stepped up and put his hands
on her shoulders as if he possessed her.

  “Well, well, so you’ve finally come
back to the right camp. My little sweet-
heart is all dressed for a party, isn’t
she?”

  She was wearing a fragile pink and
white dress that must have been a gift
from someone at the fortress. She re-
sponded to Marsch’s approach in the
manner of a prisoner rather than a
sweetheart.

  “Relax, relax,” Marsch said. “You’re
among friends.”

  Having introduced the other mem-
of his party, he proceeded to go over
his plans step by step. But his story
was somewhat altered for Flora’s bene-
fit. He said not a word about pressing
the Mashas into slavery. Oh, no, noth-
ing like that. He was going to take
them to a new planet and allow them to
start a new colony. It all sounded very
beautiful.

  And all that Flora needed to do was
help get them in the mood to accept
his magnanimous offer.

  “The four space ships are all ready,”
and he winked with pride over his
cleverness. “At dawn—”

  I was gathering fever over these
cross-currents of deception, and was
probably uttering serpent profanity
when I was interrupted by a slight tap
on my arm. I almost jumped off the
mound.

  “Move over,” came a tiny whisper in
my ear. “I want to see, too.”

  “Kipper 1”
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

57

  “In person. Pleased to meet you.”
“What are you doing here? They’ll
brand you.”

  “I had to keep an eye on our lady
friend,” he whispered. “How’d I know
you’d already be here?”

  “Listen,” I said. “There’s a devilish
plan afoot. Do you know about it?
Get an earful!”

  We both listened. Marsch was pour-
ing it on thick, and I didn’t know but
what Flora was eating it up.

  “You’ll speak to them at the assem-
bly,” he was saying, “so they won’t
doubt our promises. The main thing
you have to do is look honest—and
how could you miss? Give them a pep
talk on running their own kingdom.
Tell them they’ll grow into strong men
again. ’ Strong men—that’s the angle.
Let them think they’ll have a chance
to jail in love with a beautiful woman
like you.”

  Flora answered with the edged tone
of sarcasm.

  “Shall I promise them female com-
panions, like you promised me on the
trip? How is your supply of terriers,
Mr. Marsch?”

  “Ha-ha-ha-rrrhuh. Yes, er—just a
little joke, gentlemen. Don’t mind Miss
Hessel, gentlemen,” Marsch said
hastily. “She’s always clowning.”

CHAPTER XIX

T WANTED to hug Flora for what
she had just said, and I might have
if I hadn’t been a serpent.

  Under the conditions, all I could
hope for was to let her know some-
how that she had friends up here on
the mud roof. The simplest way to let
her know was to put my nose to the
ventilator and breathe deep.

  “Ssssss!”

  “What’s that?” said one of the men,
looking up sharply. I knew he couldn’t

see anything through the blackness
above the ventilator. But Marsch went
pale and moved back.

  “Was it pygmies?” someone asked.
“We’d better not be overheard.”

  “It’s not pygmies,” said Flora, in a
tone that comforted me. “It’s only a
breeze from the river.”

  “We’d better get on with the assem-
bly,” Marsch said abruptly.

  We went down into the Masha world
together. Kipper and I. I think I
would have gotten lost if I had gone
alone. The tunnels were endless. Most
of them were not lighted. But the
Mashas knew their way from an almost
instinctive sense of direction, and Kip-
per, like the others, had been here for
most of two centuries.

  He straddled by neck and clung
tight and whispered the directions in
my ear. Part of the time we moved
along at a gallop. Part of the time I
couldn’t use my legs because the ceil-
ings were so low, and then we squirmed
along the earth in traditional serpent
fashion.

  “All foot tracks lead to the assem-
bly,” Kipper would say whenever a
lighted room showed us the tracks of
those who had gone before.

  “It won’t be an assembly if they see
me,” I said. “It’ll be a stampede.”
But Kipper assured me that he’d get
me into the underground chamber with-
out creating any undue disturbance,
and he made his promise good. We
crept in by way of a shelf of natural
rock about ten feet above the level of
the Masha path, and there we huddled,
within full view of the torchlights.

  Several hundred little pygmies were
thronged before us, looking across
the cavernous chamber toward a cubi-
cal baked-mud platform. They were be-
ing swayed by Marsch’s eloquence.

  Waving his arms and shouting like
a politician who is about to save the
58

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

country with promises, Marsch brought
his speech to a ringing conclusion.

  “When the sun sets tomorrow night,
you Mashas shall again be a proud
people. The battle will be over, and
you will be in possession of this land
that is rightfully yours.”

  The hundreds of pygmies applauded
with shouts.

  “No longer will you be outcasts of
space—fugitives from the earth and
from Mars. You will be masters of
your own destinies. And as for the
scientists who have invaded this realm,
they will be your servants, and with
their own serums you shall make them
slaves who will do your bidding!”
When the applause quieted, Marsch
helped Flora Hessel to the platform.
She stood, looking over the multitude
of torchlighted faces, and somehow I
knew she wasn’t going to say what
Marsch had wanted her to say.

  The Mashas, waiting for her to
speak, believed that they were about
to attack the fortress.

T)UT Flora believed that they were
going to be put aboard ships, not
for battle, but to seek another planet
for a new colony.

  Why had Marsch shifted his stories?
She must have wondered. Was there
still another plan?

  “Even Marsch doesn’t know,” Kip-
per whispered to me. “He thinks his
ships are going to take them off to be
sold as slaves. But he’s going to be
fooled.”

  “How do you know?” I said. “Isn’t
he all set?”

  “He thinks he is, but he’s overlooked
one important fact. There’s a more
powerful trickster in the game—the
White Head.”

  Flora was starting to speak. It was
a breathless audience.

  “I have been brought all the way

from the earth to speak to you,” she
began slowly. “On the earth I have
helped many people who are trying to
regain a solid grip on life. Mr. Marsch
has told me that you consider your-
selves outcasts, and he thinks that you
deserve some sort of victory to salve
your injuries from two centuries ago.”
“Yes! Yes!” Half the crowd jumped
to their feet, waving their arms and
shouting in a fervent affirmative.

  She quieted them, “As I was about
to say, / do not agree with Mr. Marsch.
I think you have your own good world
here, and I think it is childish for you
to nurse your injuries of long ago. I
think that Mr. Marsch and your own
leaders are doing you a disfavor to stir
your old resentments—”

  A volley of boos thundered through
the room—a chorus that Marsch and
his associates joined. They shouted
her down, and she stood there, facing
them. She had said all she dared. They
would have mobbed her if she had
said more.

  But just at that moment, as Marsch
was moving up to the platform shaking
his fist at her, someone entered from a
door just beyond, and his entrance
stunned the mob into silence.

  It was the White Head.

  He was mostly skull, all right—and
that was the way I had remembered
him from before. A barrel-sized white
skull growing out of a keg-shaped body.

  From neck to toes he was dressed in
a skin-tight green silk costume. Dark
green, yet shining. His arms were
short blocks of muscle and his feet were
like a lion’s pads. He gave an im-"
pression of fearful power—an un-
worldly power that was a strange blend
of life and death.

  As he moved closer to the platform,
I thought his huge white skull was al-
most luminous. Its light cast a pallor
over Flora’s face. Perhaps no one
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

59

noticed that she climbed down and
moved back into a corner. That ghastly
white skull held everyone’s eye.

  The rows of huge white teeth parted,
and the deep, hollow translucent eyes
seemed to be taking in the face of every
person in the crowd.

  The White Head paused beside the
cubical platform, and when he extended
his arm to press against its side it
collapsed into a little cloud of dust and
was gone.

  The surrounding torchlights grew
dimmer, and the great skull grew
brighter, until there was nothing in the
whole room except deep shadows and
a glowing white skull.

  The skull tilted and turned, and its
jaw moved and it spoke.

  “Come.” That deep-cistern voice
filled the whole underground world.
“Come. The ships are ready. The time
is NOW!”

CHAPTER XX

T WOULD have depended upon Kip-
per in that moment, but Kipper was
gone. What was about to happen was
more than I could conjecture. But
somehow I knew that Kipper was right,
there was a more sinister plan on foot
than Marsch’s scheme of converting
Mashas into slaves.

  The Mashas were following in double
time, running down through the black
tunnels to the concealed plaza where
the ships were supposed to be ready for
the take-off.

  The White Head had stood beside
that exit, pointing the way, and Marsch
himself had led the procession. With
him had gone the full-sized officers who
were, as I knew, pilots for the ships.
But before half of the assemblage of
pygmies had joined the rush and dis-
appeared through the tunnel, the White
Head raised a hand to hold back the

rest of the crowd. There would not be
room for all at this time, he had said.
And with that he had disappeared down
the exit after the last of the procession.

  I wanted nothing more than to go to
Flora and give her a safe ride back to
the fortress. But would the fortress be
safe? Whatever the White Head’s
scheme might be, or Marsch’s, it was a
cinch there were going to be some angry
pygmies as soon as they discovered that
this whole movement didn’t lead to a
direct attack. They were ready for
power, and heaven help any man or god
or demon of death that might stand in
their way.

  The torch lights flared up as I was
creeping down through the remaining
crowd. The pygmies began to scream.
It wasn’t like a roomful of women
screaming, it wasn’t like anything but
a roomful of Mashas screaming. They
scattered out of my path, shooting at
me and throwing stones. They would
have brought the roof down on them-
selves and me if they could have done
it.

  But I reached Flora, and the fright
faded from her face at the sight of me.

  “Thank goodness!” She was already
running, motioning me to follow.
“Hurry. If anyone can do anything,
you’re the one.”

  “What’s happening?” I chased after
her, and in a moment we found an open-
ing up into the outdoors. “Where are
we going? Do you know?”

  She climbed on my back, slapping me
first on one side and then the other to
direct me as we snake-galloped across
the rolling mounds.

  “I should have known that Kipper’s
hunch was right,” she sang in my ears
as we whizzed through the night breeze.
“See, over where that tiny red light is?
That’s where it’s happening. That’s
where the ships are supposed to fly
out.”
60

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

  We were making the right kind of
progress in the right direction, and a
truck would have had to go some to
keep pace. I only hoped that the
mounds wouldn’t cave in under my
beating feet. They were frequently
breaking through with a heavy thump
as my hind feet kicked away from
them.

  “The ships aren’t flying yet,” I
puffed. “Maybe there’ll be time.”
“The ships won’t fly!” Flora said.
“That’s what Kipper tried to tell me.
He’s sure—”

  “Why not? What’s the game?”
“It’s the White Head’s game. Not
even Marsch knows. Marsch be-
lieves—”

  “When did you see Kipper?” I de-
manded.

  “When? What’s the difference!”

  “Are you sure Kipper IS Kipper?”

  It didn’t sound like I was making
sense, but suddenly a cold suspicion
shot through the length of me and all
at once I was slowing up so fast that
Flora had to cling to my neck for dear
life. I stopped, turned my head, and
tried to face her in the dark.

  “What is the matter with you?” she
cried. “Go on. It’s White Head’s
crimes we want to stop. He’s not
putting those pygmies on ships. He’s
pouring them into the transformation
waters—concentrated water that will
get them, for sure. Kipper said so.
He’s going to run them through the vat,
and right down into the de-composing
mill that will eat their flesh right off
their bones. As fast as they change into
new forms, he’ll catch their skeletons.
It’s a regular skeleton’s assembly line,
I tell you. Why don’t we go? Are we
going to let Kipper fight it alone?”

  My retort must have made her too
weak to say anything more, but the
wild suspicion had flared up through
me, and I had to say it.

  “I think it’s Kipper that’s double-
crossing the whole gang of us! I think
Kipper IS the White Head!”

  “Go! Please go!” That’s all Flora
could say. I thought she was fainting.
But I obeyed. With my two serpent
eyes fixed on the growing red light I
flew into top speed and raced like a
ship through space.

CHAPTER XXI

^N ASSEMBLY line for polished
skeletons—that’s what it was!

  We found our way into a lower level,
by following the guides of sight and
smell and sound and feeling. Especially
sound. I had learned to put an ear to
the ground, and catch the directions of
the throbbing vibrations that beat faint-
ly through the length of my body. With
sounds beating from many directions,
I was soon convinced that the proces-
sion was finding its way down, and
down, through certain subterranean
channels that were alive with electri-
cally powered apparatus.

  And now Flora and I followed a dark
tunnel that promised a flare of amber
light around the corner. We heard
the gentle hum of machinery. We
crawled, on and on, Flora pressing
down close over my shoulders to dodge
the arched ceiling, and I dragging my
arms and legs. At last the tunnel curved
into a high-ceilinged chamber whose
orange rock walls gave the amber glow
to the string of white lights beyond.

  Whiter and whiter the way became,
and louder and louder the rumble, until,
presto, through the open doors we saw
it with our own eyes. A train of freak-
ish skeletons.

  I haven’t the heart to describe these
strange monstrosities. No two were the
same. Very few presented any sem-
blance of balance or symmetry. A hun-
dred highly varied monsters, if sliced
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

61

into several parts and reassembled with
each other by accident, couldn’t have
matched this weird pageant of bones.

  The line was moving slowly—slowly
enough that one might count ten before
the next skeleton emerged from the
black circular opening at our left.

  “The pygmies—transformed!” Flora
said in an awed tone. “They’re walking
into it, one after another, thinking
they’re on the way to the attack!”

  We plunged ahead, up the stairs,
across a balcony, up another stairs,
over a catwalk, down a ramp—we were
like a pair of bullets ricocheting be-
tween walls. In the back of my mind I
was marveling that someone or some-
thing had organized enough pygmy
slave labor, in secret, to construct such
an elaborate set-up. Yet I knew that if
my friend Kipper was the White Head,
he had been here for long enough time
to accomplish seeming miracles.

  Whoever had done it, that powerful
person had had the patience to wait,
and to keep the secret air-tight, until
the magic waters of this region had
been converted into something so po-
tent that even the Mashas would fall
victim. And rather than let the secret
leak out to Masha Land, he had de-
vised a scheme for putting a large share
of the population through with one
swift stroke.

  In my heart I was sick to think that
the White Head must be Kipper. I
compared the size, mentally, of the two
creatures. Without the huge skull, the
White Head’s body would be the size of
Kipper’s. The skull might be a mech-
anical contrivance, in spite of its seem-
ingly perfect operation. Or it might be
the real thing—who could tell in this
land of quick changes?

  As to the time that I had seen the
two creatures, I could not recall any
instance of having seen both at once.

  Then there was Kipper’s unusual

  versatility of manner. He could easily
have several voices, with a skull to aid
his resonance. And he had seemed a
person of such self-confidence, as if he
went his own way, carried his own pur-
poses in deep concealment, and feigned
an outward manner of light-hearted-
ness.

  And yet they certainly would have
touched the hot brand to Kipper that
night if I hadn’t come along. Would
he have taken it? Or would he have
changed instantly into the White Head
and bowled them over with some show
of power?

  “We’ll find the White Head up this
way!” Flora said. “One more stair,
and through that narrow copper door.
Kipper told me!”

  “Maybe Kipper showed you! ”

T SAID it angrily, spitefully. Some-
thing told me that if Kipper knew
his way all through these mysteries, he
was a part of this sinister world, no
question about it.

  “Are you angry with me because I
want to help Kipper stop these atroci-
ties?” Flora said. She swung off my
back and stood there on the step, glar-
ing at me. My words had stung deep.
The light glanced off the copper door-
way just above us, and it glinted in her
eyes dangerously. We were both pant-
ing, and all at once I could hardly speak
for anger. But I managed some savage
words.

  “How do you know all about this?
How does Kipper know—”

  “All right, I’ll tell you,” she said.
“Kipper is the grandson of the White
Head. He told me so. They were
shipped from Mars together. The
White Head was the only one who was
transformed by the waters. Kipper
said he was more sensitive, more deli-
cate, and less adapted to the conditions
of Mars. He was a scientist, and he
62

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

  discovered that these Space Island
waters, saturated with the strange
qualities from certain blossoms, could
cause all sorts of physical miracles. So
he went to work . . . and he became
the real power . . . feared and re-
spected like a god. . .

  “You’re sure,” I said, “that this is
not Kipper you’re talking about?”
Something was easing in the long, long
chain of tensions through my backbone.

  “Kipper told me. Yes, I’m sure. And
all these years Kipper has kept watch,
not knowing what his grandfather was
planning, being afraid to tell, and
worrying because he didn’t dare—”

 We pushed through the narrow
copper door.

  The thick, sickening perfumes of
blossoms filled my serpent nostrils and
for an instant I staggered backward.

  The waters were rushing through a
sluice. Dark green waters. Deeper in
color than the waters of the depressed
river. Thickened waters that reminded
me of the greenhouses at the fortress.

  One after another, the pygmies were
dropping down from an open shaft
above the sluice. They fell, kicking and
screaming. The sluice was deep, and
before they could scramble to the sur-
face they were carried on down, out of
sight, to one of the lower levels.

  “Can you make the leap?” Flora
cried to me.

  She pointed to the platform on the
other side of the sluice. A fight was
going on over there. It was an unfair
fight, and it wasn’t going to last long.
Kipper had a steel bar in his hand.
He was trying to slam the White Head
over the crown. One telling blow
struck. The White Head gave an ugly
laugh through his immense white teeth.
He had only to fling his hand at Kipper.
Kipper would fall back to his knees.

  It was only a twenty foot leap, over
the water and over the heads of the

  struggling Mashas. I caught the op-
posite side of the sluice with my good
hands and whipped my tail against the
green waters. Then I came up, fast and
strong, and ran toward the fighters.

  With one hard fling of his hand White
Head knocked Kipper off into the
water.

  I sprang to the edge of the sluice,
reached a hand toward the little fellow
as he floundered. My arm wouldn’t
straighten. I missed him. I caught a
glimpse of his fighting face, his gritting
teeth—he went on down, then, with the
other Mashas.

  The White Head was coming at me.

  “The switch!” That was Flora’s cry
from across the way.

  As White Head closed in on me, I felt
one muscle after another go paralyzed
through the left side of my body. But
I had caught Flora’s shout, and I saw
what she meant. I whipped my long tail
at the wall and struck a row of switches
—struck them off!

  The pygmies ceased to fall from
overhead. I had evidently closed the
hopper. Now there would be a chance
for someone up there—Mashas or
otherwise—to discover what had been
happening.

  The waters stopped churning, too,
and that seemed to mean that the flow
of bodies down into the flesh-stripping
mills would stop.

  It all happened in a flash, and not
for one split second did I have any rest
from the White Head’s attack. He
was putting a freeze on me, but I was
walking into him with a good right arm.
I flung a blow at his throat.

  His mighty skull pinched down on
my hand just as I struck. For an in-
stant we hovered on the edge of the
sluice as we both fought for footing.
But the weight of my paralyzed side
threw us over. We fell in together,
kicking and striking and biting, and
SECRET OF THE SERPENT

63

then, as we slipped down through the
waters into some lower level I was sure
we were locked in a death struggle.

CHAPTER XXII

“T’M THE serpent. He’s not the ser-
pent! I’m the serpent!” I had
started to climb up over the edge of the
circular tank, in which the waters were
still spinning like a merry-go-round.
And as I came up, I saw that Kipper
wasn’t following me; he was running
from me. He was going toward that—
that forty-foot green-and-purple ser-
pent! I yelled at him. He was taking
it to be me, thinking it was a friend. But
he was making a mistake. “No! Come
away from him! I’m the serpent. I’m
Bob Garrison—over here!”

  He turned his fighting face toward
me for just an instant. Couldn’t he
understand? How could anyone have
understood. I hadn’t realized, myself,
for a moment, just what transforma-
tion had taken place.

  But as I intoned the words, “Bob
Garrison!” and heard the deep rumble
of my voice echo through the huge skull
that I now possessed, I realized.

  In the waters we had been trans-
formed. In our fight, the shock treat-
ment had done its work. And now—I
possessed the body of the White Head.

  And there in the tank, lashing its
ugly tail through the green waters, was
the power of these weird laboratories—
the power that had been known as the
White Head—now in the guise of a
legged serpent!

  Kipper saw what had happened—
just too late.

  My words told him, and he was quick
enough to know—poor guy—but not
quick enough to escape. The big jaws
of the serpent closed over his head and
snapped the life out of his body in one
hard stroke.

  I shall never forget Flora’s scream.
She simply couldn’t believe her eyes.
On the instant I was shot through with
remorse for all the suspicious things I
had said about Kipper. Would she ever
believe that it wasn’t I who took his
life in that awful moment?

  I have no pangs of remorse over
what I did, very soon after the echoes
of Flora’s scream had died away.

  First making sure that no more
Mashas would go through the trans-
forming waters, I turned the switches
on again and allowed the serpent to go
on through. I remembered that a ped-
estal had already been prepared for
him—that is, for me—and I believed he
would look well upon it.

  Then I turned to the very weighty
responsibilities that awaited me.

  It was not as difficult as you might
think. The greatest advantages were
mine, I soon discovered, because I was
the White Head, and there was no one,
not even a learned doctor, who did not
fully respect my slightest whim. If any-
thing, I was going to have to be very
careful not to overplay my power and
arouse suspicion.

  A word to Marsch and his officers
from me convinced them that the flights
into space which they had planned
would have to be postponed until the
Mashas had had more chance to work
out some plans of their own. I was in-1
clined to agree with Flora that they
had a good world of their own right
here, where their lives might go in
forever, pleasantly and harmlessly; but
if some of them wished to venture forth
to other planets and start a new colony
after due consideration, I would see to
it that Marsch and his men would make
their promises good.

  My attendants at the fortress found
comfortable rooms with bars on the
doors and windows for Marsch and his
officers, pending the Mashas’ decisions.
64

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

'T'HE bars on the door made it pos-
sible for persons who felt sociable to
stop and say Hello to Earnest Marsch
now and then, and to bring him a cigar,
if they wished. And some of his visi-
tors learned in time to ask if he
wouldn’t like a female companion, and
couldn’t they bring him a little terrier
dog for company?

  It took me several hours of most
earnest talking to convince my one con-
fidante, Flora, that I was not the White
Head, but was still, at heart, a very
friendly serpent; and that I could even
remember the time when I had been
Bob Garrison.

  “You do seem to be Bob Garrison,”
she finally said, as we lunched together
on one of the fortress porches. “And
you certainly aren’t acting like the
White Head.”

  I tried to smile through my enormous
teeth, and I felt that the light of my
great hollow eyes made a slightly terri-
fying effort to glow warmly.

  “Believe me, Flora, I am Bob Gar-
rison, and I remember every moment
of our space-ship journey together. Be-
lieve me, I fell in love with you on that
trip, and one of these times—”

  “One of these times, what?”

  “After I’ve solved a few of the prob-
lems that only White Head’s power can
solve, I’m going to dissolve myself in
the green waters and come back to nor-
mal. So don’t go ’way.”

  “Problems to solve? You’re the
master mind, now, aren’t you?”

  “I’m taking my time,” I said. “You
see, there was a rather serious split be-
tween Dr. Hunt and Dr. Winston, and
now that I’ve come into this curious
power, I can understand it. The White
Head forced his will over both men, and
he set up a distrust there which was
positively vicious. I can’t just go to
these men and say, ‘Dr. Hunt, Dr.
Winston is really your loyal friend.’ ”

  “Why not?”

  “Because if I did, they would both
think that I was again forcing my will
upon them, trying to create an untrue
friendship. No, it will take time, but
they’ll work it out. I know they will,
because I’ve withdrawn that wedge that
White Head planted. . . .”

  We looked down over the edge of
the porch to a plaza below, and there
we saw the two doctors starting off on
a stroll together.

  Dr. Hunt was speaking, and we
caught a fragment of his conversation.
“I think I understand what you have
on your mind, Dr. Winston, but it will
do us good to talk it over. I’ve been
thinking I’d go back to the earth some-
time soon, now that everything seems
to be smoothing out. But first I hope
that you and I can reorganize our pro-
gram here ... I mean, reorganize it
from the ground up.”

  “Or from the river up?” said Dr.
Winston with a toss of his head, looking
very much like a king.

  I turned to Flora and nodded my
huge skull. They were back on a solid
footing, all right. There would soon
be a constructive scientific program
rising out of the discarded skeletons of
the old.

  “It’s going to be an interesting world
around here as time goes on,” I said.
“A little less weird, perhaps. And a
little less human, with poor Kipper
gone.”

  “Much less human without Kipper,”
Flora said quietly.

  “And it will be pretty terrible after
you go back to the earth. Will you be
leaving here and going back one of
these days?”

  Flora smiled. “I’ve been in love with
Bob Garrison for a long time ... I
think I’ll stick around and see what
happens.”

The End
THE VANISHING DOCTOR

 if	By CHARLES RECOUR	★

ONE of the most celebrated disappearances
on record, and one of the most famous in
Europe, is that of Dr. Ferenc Boslav.
European newspapers often bring it up and re-
hash it for the benefit of their “Sunday supple-
ment” type of readers. In spite of this, the case
makes interesting reading. The files of a number
of Budapest newspapers have almost rooms de-
voted to the matter. In its way it was a little
cause celebre.

  Dr. Ferenc Boslav was a famous and learned
surgeon who was widely known in Europe for his
superb work in elementary neurosurgery at the
turn of the century. His work was discussed and
published not only in Hungarian medical journals
but in those of other countries as well. He was
on the staff of the Austro-Hungarian Hospital in
Budapest, had numerous consultation positions in
other hospitals and, in addition, taught periodically
at the University of Vienna. He was an honored,
recognized man. He lived in a rather elaborate
home in one of the most fashionable suburbs of
Budapest, and in the social circles of his time was
regarded as a lavish entertainer, a generous host,
and in general, a good fellow, all around. He
was happily married and had two children. In
fact, it was at the birthday party of one of
them that the incident was touched off.

  It was hot and muggy in suburban Budapest
on the night of July 11, 1907. The birthday
party for Dr. Ferenc’s daughter Alicia was in
full swing and the orchestra brought from Vienna
for the occasion turned many a merry waltz
during the evening. The guests were smoking,
eating, drinking, and talking, and of course
watching the children at the party. Dr. Boslav
circulated among his guests, playing the good
host, and attending to their every want.

  As was the custom at such a party, when the
time came for disbanding, about 11:30, Dr.
Boslav’s wife sought him out in order to bid
their guests good evening. At first she looked
casually, but apparently the good doctor had
disappeared. Enlisting the help of some friends
and the servants, after some time, because she
was beginning to get alarmed, Mrs. Boslav
searched the house and later the relatively small
garden of which it was a part. Nothing was to
be seen of the man. When the guests had
finally gone, Mrs. Boslav located the police,
for she became worried over her husband’s
absence. Evidently she was unaccustomed to his
sudden disappearance, though at first she thought
he might have had an urgent medical call. A
routine check of the hospitals and clinics proved

that such was not the case. While she was
worried she was not unduly alarmed until, in
spite of the police, no trace of the missing man
could be found.

  It is almost impossible for a citizen at any
time, particularly one of Dr. Boslav’s eminence,
to disappear without creating some sort of a
furor. Dr. Boslav to all intents and purposes
had vanished from the earth. His wife hired
detectives, sought the aid of various police groups
and other investigators, and all to no avail. Dr.
Ferenc Boslav was gone. This state of affairs
lasted for eleven days. Mrs. Boslav turned the
city of Budapest upside down in an effort to
find her husband. She had begun to conclude
that he had been kidnapped and murdered, and
his body hidden. For what she reason she could
not imagine.

  Eleven days after he had disappeared, Dr.
Boslav suddenly and dramatically turned up. He
was located by a policeman, walking down a
street of moderate industry early in the morning.
He was brought home at once for the policeman
recognized him in spite of his ragged, torn and
dirty clothes, his unkempt beard and lackadaisical
manner. He acted as if he had had a spell of
amnesia, as if he was in a fog. When asked
where he had been, his only answer was, “They
know, they know.”

  As soon as he had recovered and been cleaned
up he was subjected to a vigorous questioning
by all concerned. Nothing was learned. He could
not remember where he had been, or he would
not recall. He was in perfect physical shape,
despite his dirtiness, and he repeated his stock
phrase often. Gradually this ended and he
became perfectly normal—his old self. He re-
sumed his work and all went on as before. He
never referred to the matter even at his death
in 1918.

  It is easy to say that he suffered a brief attack
of amnesia, or that he had been temporarily
kidnapped, or that he was out of his mind for
a while. Yes, pat, simple explanations are avail-
able, but . . .

  This odd fact was what brought on all the dis-
cussion and speculation. While still groggy for
a number of days after his return, when ques-
tioned where he had been, Dr. Boslav’s reply was
invariably, “They know, they know.” What was
he referring to? Who were “they”? What bear-
ing had that phrase on his disappearance and
why did he repeat it so often? The Hungarian
papers made much of this without an answer.

*	* *

65
 The FIRE TRAIL

I walkad up and up, on a pathway of flam* . . .

66
^fj(\ '	The American Indian has

   u ' demonstrated many times that he

)

  ( has knowledge of a strange kind.
Here is a true account of a weird
Navaho ceremony and its result!

A SINCERE WARNING

 TN THE following pages you will find an
 -*• accurate account of what happened when
 Oge-Make walked the “fire trail” of the
 Navaho in the summer of 1947. To walk
 the fire trail is to leave your body during a
 trance and travel, not only through space,
 but through time. Many times the Navaho
 have conclusively proved they have this
 weird power—but this time they were try-
 ing to prove nothing; only obtain an answer
 to the grim problem that faces them this
 winter. Instead, to their disappointment,
 the walker of the fire trail brought back a
 message of vital importance only to the
 white man. Through our mutual friend,
 scientist L. Taylor Hansen, they have
 passed the message on to us. We pass it on
 to all Americans—and we believe it! Read
 it and think 1

        OU sent for me?”

           I looked around the circle of
 lean, hawk-like, copper-skinned
 faces lit fitfully by the light of the
 campfire, and the thirteen pairs of dark
 eyes fastened on mine. The ceremonial
 blankets over the shoulders of these
 men blended into the star-dusted black-
 ness of the night. Here and there a bit
 of silver or turquoise setting caught up
 the gleam of the fire. I repeated my
 question in a different phrasing.

“Word came to me through Running-
Deer that I was wanted by the Elders.
08

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

I left my classes in the University to
come to you, my people. What is it
that you wish of your pale son?”

  A man rose from the circle and waved
me to a seat on the desert sand. As I
glanced at the spot I saw the lean,
graceful, bending figures of a Navaho
sand painting. I hesitated a moment.
Was this a Navaho ceremonial? The
Navaho have been traditional enemies
of our tribe. What could this mean?
Again the leader waved imperiously and
I sank to earth on the sand-painting.

  Then in the flickering firelight, I saw
that the leader was my grandfather,
looking more majestic than I had ever
remembered him looking as the cere-
monial blanket was gathered and held
like a Roman Senator might hold his
toga. Only the wind, playing across the
wide expanse of fantastic desert land
about us, accentuated the silence. Fi-
nally he began to speak:

  “Yes, my son, we sent for you. I am
going to reveal to you a secret of the
past. The time has come when it is
necessary for you to understand. I
have brought you up from babyhood in
the ways of my people. I have taught
you the lore and ceremonies. You have
been one of us. Even though you have
desired to learn of the white man in
his schools, yet in the summer times
would you return to learn of us, and
bring us the results of your mounting
knowledge. That was good.

  “You have thought yourself to be the
unwanted babe of my daughter who
eloped with a white man. I told you
that to keep you one of us. The truth
is that the river brought you to me dur-
ing a flood. I never knew your parents.
I had hoped that you might be part In-
dian but it becomes evident to all that
your parents were white.”

  My brain whirled at this revelation,
and I struggled to control my expres-
sion. Not my grandfather—this mag-

nificent old warrior I loved so deeply?
Not my people—these men to whom I
felt such an inexpressible bond of af-
fection? Not mine?

  I searched each face. Behind the
mask-like expression, I fancied the old
affection I was so used to seeing still
lingered undimmed. Yet I sensed
trouble there, too. Those eyes were
watching mine hungrily like children
watching the eyes of a beloved leader.
Then I saw the Navaho with their
knotted-up hair. There were four of
them. Their eyes were curious and not
unfriendly. Yet they had a sort of
haunted quality about them. Their
blankets were ragged and their bodies
were bags of bones. I swallowed as the
significance of this hit my brain. Hard
times must have struck these handsome,
haughty silversmiths and weavers.

  My grandfather’s fine ascetic face
drooped slightly in the firelight. Not
that anyone could have suspected that
droop but me. Yet I knew that this
confession was not easy for him to
make. I wondered why he was making
it before all these men—including the
strangers? As if answering my thoughts,
he continued:

  “Terrible times are threatening us
all, my son. In our mutual danger, old
misunderstandings are being forgotten.
We are all Indians. First the Pueblos
joined their councils, seeing that always
one was in danger, though not ever the
same one. Wassington* always threat-
ened the lands of one of us by some bill.
If we get enough people to stop one
bill then they pass another. Now our
brothers, the Navaho, are in trouble.”

TL_TE FOLDED his blanket around
him and sank silently upon the
earth. Then from his side of the fire a
pitifully thin, shrunken old Navaho

 * The Indian accent gives “Washington” a
 hissing sound.—Ed.
THE FIRE TRAIL	69

arose. His quavering voice spoke in
broken English and I wondered how
much of my grandfather’s speech ut-
tered in melodious Keresian he had un-
derstood. After casting a tiny whiff of
corn pollen to the four directions and
blowing something into the fire, he be-
gan:

  “Once Navaho strong people. Our
ho-ghans dot plains. We ride for buffa-
lo. Never take all animals—only old
bulls or crippled cows. No Indian kill
for fun—only white man. Buffalo
strong, deer people strong, and Navaho
strong. Then white man kill for skins.
Leave buffalo rotting on plains. Many
like sands rot on plains and make smell
of death. Navaho know he must fight
white man. We have no guns like he
have. We have only arrow and stone
hatchet—and great courage. We fight
hard. No use against guns which kill
far-off. Navaho rounded up in great
red canyon of death. Soldier kill wom-
en and shoot little children. My mother
and baby brother die. I hide in bushes
and pray. Soldiers go way but one day
find me hunting rabbit and send me on
Long-Walk.”**

  I knew the old man was referring to
the exile from which one-half of the
tribe died. After a pause, he continued:

  “I will not speak of Long-Walk. To
Navaho it was time-of-greatest-sorrow.
Many dropped to die in desert. But in
time people come back to own lands,
build ho-ghans again. Raise sheep.

  ** Long-Walk refers to the exile of the tribe
following the massacre in Canyon de Chelly and
Canyon del Muerto In 1863-64. It was at this
time that General James Carleton of California
Column renown had begun what he had chosen
to call “The reduction of the Navajo.” He was
joined by Kit Carson and some 800 New Mexican
volunteers. After the massacre, the tribe was
rounded up and marched 800 miles to the east, to
Ft. Sumner on the Pecos River. There smallpox
finished the nefarious business that massacre had
begun and only a pitiful remainder struggled back
to Chinli and the “Red Canyons” in 1869, after
the treaty of ’68 had been signed.—Ed.

Catch some mountain sheep for strong
wool. Forget Long-Walk. Weave rugs
and white man buy. Make silver-work.
People happy. Then come men from
Wassington. Him say too much sheep
on land. Mebby so. Mebby kill few,
but Wassington send men to kill most
all sheep. Wassington kill sheep when
young men fight across waters. Now
no sheep. No wool for blankets and
Navaho hungry. What can we do?”

  Then arose the husky figure I recog-
nized as the head snake-priest of the
Hopi. He spoke briefly of the bill
which would have separated the Hopi
from their corn fields,* but which was
defeated. He ended with a bitter plea
for the vote.

  “Must only Indians and the insane
be considered unfit to vote? Why are
Indians classed with the mentally de-
ficient?”

  His language reminded me that he
had once obtained a degree from a uni-
versity. He was followed by a stranger
who introduced himself as a Yee-Hat
from Alaska. His plea was that against
sacred treaty, the Alaskan Indians have
just been separated from all their in-
herited lands. This bill was passed in
the closing days of the ’47 congress
when debate was limited, and at the
recommendation of the Indian Bureau!
Before all this had time to fully im-
press itself on my mind, my own tribe
was again speaking. The subject was
the old nightmare of the dam.

  “Why must New Mexico build her
dam where the water will back up and
cover the lands and sites of five
pueblos? Some of our people have
sworn to die in the rising waters which
will cover our farms, our sacred pottery

  ♦The Bursum Bill. This Hopi Bill was attached
as a rider to a veterans pension bill. Alert white
“Indian Defense Club” of New Mexico rallied
enough letter writers by lecturing women’s clubs,
to defeat it.—Ed.
[TO

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

mines and kilns, and our dance places
which were already ancient when white
man first came to the land!”

  After a pause, he asked the question
in English: “Why is it always our lands
or our animals? We Pueblos never
made war on Wassington. Now they
take our food by drowning our lands.
These corn fields were ours before the
memories of men. What can we do?”

  Everywhere I looked, eyes were ask-
ing mine the same question “What can
we do?” I wanted to cry out! To tell
them it was not my fault! That I was
just as helpless as they were! I wanted
to shout: “Who am I? What can I do
to stop this wicked march of greed?”
But my grandfather had arisen and his
voice was flowing out in the liquid tones
of my own beloved Keresian Pueblo
tongue:

  “I know your thoughts, my son. You
have not as yet learned to hide them
well. Yes, we know you of yourself can
do nothing. But tonight we are asking
you to intercede for us. We have chosen
you because you have white blood and
know the way of the white man, yet
your soul is ours. We are asking you to
go to those who make your laws and
learn from their minds if there is hope
for us. We ask you to do this not in
body, for we do not have the money to
send you, but in the Indian way—in
spirit. We ask that you walk the Fire-
Trail!”

T GASPED at the shock of the revela-
tion. The holy-of-holies reserved
for medicine men—this adventure was
to be mine! I began to remember the
stories I had heard from childhood—
how one man sent his spirit to Mexico
and warned his son who had gone to
trade turquoise, of the approach of Az-
tec slavers! I remembered the far more
recent story mentioned in “Jungle
Trails and Inca Ruins” of the medicine

man who sent his spirit up the river to
explore for the author and who minute-
ly described the death of a chief in a
distant maloka which the author him-
self verified some two months later
when he had reached that point. I
remembered the well-authenticated trip
of Chief Seattle who described the city
that later bore his name. Other cases
flashed to mind. Sees-The-Living-Bull
early in the contact of white traders
saw the passing of the buffalo and the
coming of short-haired spotted cattle—
a description which must have bewil-
dered his hearers who had never seen a
cow. Many other cases flashed to my
mind. Some had traveled in space only.
Others had traveled in time.

  “Will you go, my son?”

  I nodded as I felt my temples throb
with my rising pulse. Of course I
would go, but. . . how could I be sure?
Again my grandfather read my
thoughts.

  “Since you are a novice and it is your
first trip, you will not be able to guide
your journey. Yet we must send you
because our most able guides are aliens
in this white man’s world. There you
are at home. We have sung the songs
and said the sacred prayers for your
journey. You will go forth. It may
be that you will return with a message.
Are you ready?”

  “I am.”

  The medicine men of four tribes cir-
cled me, dusting me with pollen. My
grandfather took a cup from one of the
main medicine men and held it aloft in
prayer. Then he came over and offered
it to me. His mask-like face betrayed
no emotion but his eyes seemed to smile
courage into mine. Then returning to
his place, he sank again upon the earth.

  “Drink, my son.”

  I tipped up the pottery goblet and
drank. The stuff was not too pleasant,
but I allowed no reflections of distaste
THE FIRE TRAIL

71

to cross my face.

  “Now take the ancient peace pipe and
blow the sacred smoke.”

  I accepted the old red sandstone pipe
from the frail Navaho and exhaled the
smoke to the four directions.

  “Now, my son, stqre at the fire while
you chant with us the prayer of the
Fire-Trail.”

  The drums which had begun softly,
some time before, now arose to a cre-
scendo and the throbbing chant began:
“Lord and Master of all the elements
of life, from whence all came and into
which everything goes, guide my foot-
steps upon the Trail-of-Fire. Upon the
pathway of flames do I walk in beauty.
Upon the pathway of flames do I walk
in knowledge . . .”

  At first I was aware that the fire
had been ceremonially built. This
meant that it had probably been lighted
from flints struck into cedar shavings
and carefully nurtured by cedar boughs
placed in a crescent, twelve at a time,
in groups of four. I was aware of the
pleasant odor of burning cedar mingled
with the scent of sage which drifted in
on the desert wind, of the dancing
flames and the cool sense of vastness.

  Then my head began to throb, and
the pulse of the drums began to be as
a hammer on my temples . .. “Upon the
pathway of flames do I walk in beauty.”
Yes, the flames were beautiful—like
swaying orange hands with purple nails
—like expanding veils—like corridors
—strange undulating corridors that
grew and grew . . . They grew until I
was walking upon their undulating
color, until I was but a fragment of
smoke carried high upon the emerald
and violet veils that swept from a vol-
cano. Higher and higher I was carried.
Far below me, the mountain was belch-
ing forth lava and fire over what ap-
peared to be a teeming jungle. Above
me, the heavens were turning dark and

the stars were shining out with a bril-
liance I had never before known.

TT SEEMED to me that my senses

  were never clearer, except for that
of touch and its kindred sensations of
heat and cold. I know that my mind
never functioned more clearly, for I
knew that I should go to Washington.
Yet I was supremely elated with the
spirit of adventure as I began to leave
the earth. For it was quite evident to
me now that I was leaving it. Further-
more, I seemed to be gathering speed.
As the earth receded like a dwindling
ball, it became also evident to me that
I was retreating from our sun and our
family of planets.

  Immeasurable space surrounded me,
as the sun which had been my day star
retreated to the size of untold thousands
of others. Ahead of me a giant sun of
tremendous proportions loomed out and
expanded. Yet it was soon also evident
that the sun was not my destination,
but a planet spinning around that sun.
Then just as quickly as I had gathered
speed, I swung around the planet twice
with rapidly reducing rates, and at last
began to flutter downward with a lazy
side to side motion like a heavy snow-
flake.

  I could not at first decide whether
this was air or water through which I
finally drifted, but decided it was at-
mosphere of a heavy variety since there
was no surface difference which one
would have encountered between a
layer of air and that of water. Yet
movements through this medium were
slow, and the denizens seemed to have
a fish-like quality about them, with
graceful waving veil-like tails which ap-
parently propelled them. As one of
these creatures came toward me, I
found myself wondering if I would be
swallowed like a bug on a leaf, but ap-
parently the monster did not even see
72

FANTASTIC adventures

me and lazily turned away.

  Then came the giant plants with their
magnificent, jewel-like flowers. The
foliage blended from the palest of
greens to a violet-purple. The trees
were of a slender fern type, waving
their fronds in the heavy air, although
some huge sprawling leathery plants
were also in evidence.

  “This was Planet One in their year
50,050.”

  I looked around in surprise at the
sound of this soft, well-cultivated voice.
It came from a tall man dressed in a
white toga, with the features of an
Aristotle.

  “I am your guide,” he informed me
with a smile. “Do not fear to talk out
loud. We can neither be seen nor
heard.”

  “Have they no senses of perception?”

  “Yes, but not for us. We belong to
another cycle. Let us leave the forest
area. I shall show you one of their
cities.”

  Then catching my arm, he pointed
toward a clearing.

  “A flight car is coming in. They
leave workers to gather honey from the
flowers and return in an hour or two to
pick them up again. These people live
largely on honey.”

  As he spoke a slight drone rapidly
swelled to a roar and a great shining
cigar-shaped vehicle came to rest. Out
of it stepped some half-a-dozen crea-
tures who strangely resembled our ideas
of the fairy. Gauzy garments of ex-
treme delicacy floated from the shoul-
ders of the women, giving them an al-
most transparent beauty.

  “How strange that these people
should so much resemble those of
earth.”

  “Yes, they do. And so does their
destiny. However, at that point the
resemblance stops. These people have
already mastered not only their own

planet but all the planets of their sys-
tem. All are well-run gardens for the
people of One.”

  He made a deprecating gesture.

  “Of course, part of their more ad-
vanced condition is due to the fact that
they discovered the value of fuels
earlier in their history. And in part it
may be due to the fact that being a more
frail creature upon a larger planet than
man in proportion to his birthplace,
their intelligence was more advanced
than man’s when they began their con-
quest of their planet. But now it is the
year 50,050. Remember that date. It
is the hour of their destiny.”

'\X/'HILE i was pondering over the
meaning of these words, he beck-
oned me into the airship. We entered
and found it a spacious affair. The en-
gine room of the ship was in the nose
and was set off from the rest by great
glass panels, and many of the creatures
were crowded along these panels to
watch the working of the well-run en-
gines. The rest of the salon was
equipped with shining threadlike lounge
swings and hammocks. Great flowers
of jewel brilliance climbed a lattice-
work. I decided that at least a part of
the light which flooded the interior came
from the walls, but not a small portion
of it came from the pulsing color of
these magnificent flowers.

  As I turned to say something to my
companion, I saw that the great sliding
doors were closing and in a moment the
ship was in the air with the forest be-
coming but a greenish blur far below us.
We must have left the ground with a
tremendous rush of speed.

  “It is strange that we haven’t more
sharply felt the pull of gravity from
such a large planet.”

  “The ship is insulated, as it were,
with gravity nullifiers and giant internal
springs,” my guide answered. He
THE FIRE TRAIL

73

walked toward one of the huge windows
and I followed.

  “This planet was once a heavenly
place. The natural balance here was
working splendidly. To offset a greater
distance from its greater sun, than that
occupied by Earth, there was a larger
amount of internal heat. Thus the tem-
perature was not much different from
that of Mexico on Earth. But civiliza-
tions grow upon fuel. Like the people
of Earth, these inhabitants first used
their natural vegetable and mineral
fuels. Nuclear fission came some time
after their mastery of their own planet
and its use was rigidly controlled. Ra-
diation danger was kept at a minimum
for thousands of years. There was no
disastrous releasing here such as would
have come with an atomic war. But
look at the beauties of Onel”

  We were gliding in the heavy, bluish
air through which the sun cast fantastic
wavy shadows caught by the fern for-
ests glimpsed now and then as the ship
dropped down lightly to take on or
leave off passengers.

  “These creatures have never been
carnivorous. As I said before, they live
largely on the honey of these giant,
luminescent flowers. The honey is
syphoned into storage tanks along a
part of the hull. Perhaps that partly
accounts for the fact that they have
never been too warlike—that is, up to
now.”

  “They are becoming war-like? With
whom ..

  But I didn’t finish. The ship again
zoomed into the sky, but this time bare-
ly skimmed over the tops of the lacy
trees.

  “Is something wrong?”

  “No. We are about to land at the
First City of One. The First City is
the'world capital. Look ahead and you
will soon see something glittering in
that direction.”

  “Yes, I do!”

  “Those are the massive glass domes
of First City.”

  “Why do they build their cities under
glass? To preserve the heat?”

  “No. To keep out radiation. And
they are not glass as we know it on
Earth. This is a chemical compound
of One. Radiation has been a growing
nightmare here for many generations.”
“How long is a generation?”

  “It used to be several hundred years
because life was so easy and pleasant,
but it has been growing shorter.”
“Why?”

  “Radiation poisoning.”

  That statement had the effect of mak-
ing my very stomach do a flip-flop. My
thoughts flew back to my own studies
in physics. I remembered Ernie, who
had been on Bikini Atoll, and what he
had told me of radiation poisoning. Of
how the little fish infected the larger
fish, whose death passed the infection
to the algae which in turn infected the
very ship hulls of clean boats. . . .

  “Stop dreaming! We are landing
and you are missing the sights. Re-
member that you will not pass this way
again.”

T CAME to myself with a start and
stared around. The space ship had
slipped through a great dome which had
closed over it. From the air I imagine
it must have looked like shining lips
opened and swallowed the torpedo-like
space-craft.

  As the huge sliding doors of the ship
again slid apart, I found myself look-
ing upon immense cavern-like walls
that glowed with a faint green light.
These walls in which we found our-
selves as we left the ship were in the
shape of a globe, but almost imme-
diately a part of them rolled back, re-
vealing a purple and green forest lit
almost entirely internally by the great
74

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

light-pulsing flowers. And now I was
due for a new surprise, for the diapha-
nous robes flowing from the shoulders
of what I had supposed to be the women
were in reality wings. These creatures
had large wings of the iridescent type
such as are used by the dragon fly of
Earth. Simultaneously, I also made
the discovery, as one passed close to
me, that their bodies were covered with
either a tight-fitting garment, or were
covered with minute scales which gave
the impression that their skins had been
dusted in silver dust, whose metallic
gleams caught every refraction of the
light-pulsing flowers.

  As the stream of people (for I still
thought of them as people) entered the
forest of flowers, fountains of water
sprayed up from all through the forest,
and these lovely beings spread their
wings and fluttered through the water
with every evidence of great enjoyment.
The sight of them flying, turning and
whirling was truly a thing of beauty, for
as the flowers pulsed various colors, so
the water drops and the bodies of these
beings with their glittering wings all
took on and reflected color until they
seemed like living jewels.

  “The rain-dance is a ritual with them.
One must take it in order to enter a
city. The reason is radiation. Water
is the best methods of removing the
poisons if recently acquired.”

  Must that man ruin everything? But
my annoyance was short-lived. An-
other question was inserting itself into
my mind.

  “I suppose the large size of the rain-
drops is due to the small size of the
people on this planet?”

  “Right.”

  “And these ferns then are in truth not
as tall as the Woolworth Building, nor
the flowers as large as houses?”
“Probably not. Size is relative.”
“Then we are not as large as we are

on Earth?”

  “If you had remained the same size
you could not have made the trip to the
Planet One and enjoyed the beauty of
First City through the eyes of its in-
habitants. Again I say size is relative.
On Earth you have the correct size for
your cycle, but you are being given a
glimpse of another cycle through the
eyes of its dominating civilization.”

  Almost nostalgically I remembered
“Wassington,” the manner in which the
Indian accent distorts that word. To
my surprise, my guide answered my
thoughts.

  “You are being given a message.
Concentrate on what you see and hear
and smell for the time grows short, and
you shall not pass this way again. Nor
indeed, shall any man, for this is the
year 50,050.”

  His words had recalled to my mind
another strange fact. It is true I could
hear the splashing water, the hum of
wings and many voices whose drone
was not unlike the mighty notes of an
organ. I could smell the damp smell
of forest plants and the lighter perfume
of flowers, but I could not feel touch of
the water. Again my guide answered
these unspoken thoughts.

  “As you have been taught by the
Elders of the Indian people, there are
only four senses. Sight, hearing, smell
and that fourth which some men call
intuition. These are the senses of the
spirit. The others are the senses of the
body.”

  As he spoke, we moved rapidly
through the great forest of the splash-
ing fountains and light-pulsing flowers,
to see other great doors ahead slide
back. Through these doors a golden
light poured in, and almost immediately
the fountains died down, the symphony
of a thousand voices was hushed and
the shining swarm flew toward the open-
ing. As we joined them, my guide said:
THE FIRE TRAIL

75

  “For the purposes of our visit we
have been given an understanding of
the strange language of One. A debate
has been going on for many days. The
arguments of both sides have been car-
ried by television to all parts of One,
and even to the colonies on their other
planets. We are to come in for the
finish. Space ships are bringing similar
throngs from all the forests for all work
is now being suspended, and in a mo-
ment the flower-forests of the sixteen
entrances to First City will be filled
with the returning throngs.”

TV/TAKING our way through the
heavy air as did the others all
about us on their gauze-like wings of
dusted silver, now taking on the golden
glow of the great domes, we circled over
the city. The buildings were massive
with hundreds of openings. They
seemed to be made of mother-of-pearl
or some other opalescent material that
caught and reflected the golden glow of
the great domes. The street-like can-
yons between the buildings glowed with
their own light-pulsing flowers, and oc-
casional fountains.

  One great central structure, towering
over the others, was apparently the
destination of the throngs. With them
we reached one of the openings and
walked along a glowing corridor. This
grotto or series of grottoes gleamed like
a blue neon sign, and yet in a way, I
was reminded of the corridors leading
to the football stadium on the campus.
I felt an air of expectancy, yet I cannot
say that it was entirely a pleasant ex-
pectancy. There seemed to be a haunt-
ing dread in the back of the minds of
these people. Talk had died down to a
minimum murmur. Then we came into
the amphitheatre of One.

  Earth holds no possible comparison
to its immensity. It must have held a
million souls. One could barely see the

stage in the distance as we took our
seats with the others. For many mo-
ments we waited while yet other thou-
sands took their places. From some-
where music was playing. Tinkling
notes filled its long sweeping phrases,
like the splash of the fountains of which
the people of One seemed to be so fond.
Phrases of the symphonic music, I
noted, were accompanied by color
changes in the immense dome and faint-
er whiffs of perfume. Did the sym-
phonies of One coordinate the pleasures
of the senses?

  But the music was fading and the
hum of voices was dying to an expectant
hush. The colors which had been
changing in the overhead dome, began
to die down and what I had taken for
gigantic curtains above the tiny plat-
form in the distance began to glow with
the image of a speaker.

  “People of One, this day Seventy-
Two of the Year Fifty Thousand and
Fifty is the Moment of Destiny. For
days we have debated the issues before
us. We know that in the early days of
nuclear fission when we were experi-
menting with the heaviest atoms, much
radiation was released. We also know
that subsequent generations have had
to limit space travel because of the
heavy radiation trails and even go back
to more primitive fuels for our own
planet’s use. Now the sins of our an-
cestors are coming upon us. All of us,
even in our generation, have noted the
increasing heat of One. Yet the other
planets of our system with whom we
have friendly intercourse and trade are
just not suitable for our continuing
existence. We have all known for some
time now that we must someday leave
One. Our daily lives have become a
nightmare of heavy infection. We have
not gone unscathed either. In a minor
way we are all infected even now with
the death of One.
76

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

  “Our hope has been to get to another
planet where our least infected children
could survive. Our space fleet feels
justified in recommending Planet X330
of Sun 32. The trouble is that this
planet is infested with a civilized form
of life which has the gunpowder weapon
that it uses upon its own kind. To at-
tempt to reason with such individuals
would be absurd. To use the fission of
the heavy atom would be equally absurd
because we would immediately sow the
seeds of radiation poison, which is all
we are attempting to escape from here.

  “Whether the people of One who
have thus far made their way without
the destruction which more savage
creatures call war, is justified in now
taking a planet by force, is the ques-
tion. The people have voted for war!”

A T THIS point a tremendous demon-
stration of stomping and wing-
flapping was drowning out the speaker.
The face faded from the screen and
another took its place.

  “That is not the question. Because
I do not believe in war I have been ac-
cused of having sympathies with these
miserable creatures of Planet X330 who
kill their own kind. Obviously they are
still in a savage stage of evolution.
Whether they would ever develop a
civilization comparable to One if al-
lowed to go their way without interfer-
ence, is a moot question. BUT I do
object to this new weapon developed by
the military 1 This weapon uses for its
fuel the tremendous force of the ex-
ploding hydrogen atom! I object to this
because it is dangerous—even more
dangerous than uranium radiation!”

  Again the first face took the screen.

  “My opponent has brought up the
question of the new weapon merely as a
means of diverting the thoughts of the
people from this new war. If we do not
take this planet, then where can we go?

To still more distant, uncharted sys-
tems? We need living space and we
need it immediately! Look at the
freaks developing on One among the
animals! Look at the new heat fissures
appearing almost daily! Look at the
new volcanoes! When the radium was
first discovered we did not know about
these deadly radiations. We did not
know that these forces had to disinte-
grate before the planet could become
habitable. We did not realize that we
had unleashed a monster which would
devour us. Since then, it is true that
our experiments have become more and
more controlled. We realize now that
the core of our planet has become
heavier through thousands of years of
atomic disintegration, and that in spite
of all our knowledge, we cannot stop
the chain of fate. We must have the
new weapon for the war. Then that war
will be most devastating, but it will be
over in a hurry, and the planet becomes
ours!”

  Again the slim face of the second
speaker. The eyes had almost a
haunted look of fear.

  “When I plead for you to think twice
about this new weapon I am not trying
to divert your thoughts from war. I am
pleading for our planet! Do you realize
what makes a sun burn? It is atomic
disintegration! And now with the hy-
drogen atom, we are stepping forth into
a new field. Water is composed of hy-
drogen. So is our atmosphere. Shall
we set fire to it? And if we do, can we
stop it when we wish?”

  A roar booed him down and I realized
that he was pleading a lost cause.
Again he tried to speak, but a roar of
jeers drowned him out. Then the first
face came back with the light of victory
in his eyes.

  “I knew that you were too practical
to listen to this prophet. Now for the
promised experiment! None of you
THE FIRE TRAIL

77

watching me shall ever forget this mo-
ment. Our civilization has reached a
new peak in power! With this new and
cheap fuel we can reach more distant
constellations in one-half the time now
required! We shall explore for more
and more planets!”

  For a second the opponent came
back:

  “And who is to say that other civiliza-
tions have not also sought this power
and found DEATH? Remember that
all begins and ends in FIRE.” Then in
desperation he pleaded: “I beg of you—
do not do this thing. We still have a
few years. . . . Remember that our
greatest leader once said that two atoms
should be sacred from experimenta-
tion—hydrogen and oxygen!”

  In the jeers which drowned out his
voice, I heard only those fateful words:
“All begins and ends in FIRE 1”

  A tense hush fell now over the as-
sembly. The opposition had said all it
could and failed. The long-awaited ex-
periment was about to take place. A
general lowering the lights added to the
sense of expectancy. I knew that these
people of One had shouted down the
voice of reason because they had so
passionately wanted to believe the first
speaker, yet the second really had them
worried. No one could say for certain
just how this experiment would turn
out. Perhaps this half-cupful of water
would drive a liner across the widest
ocean, but what was there to prevent
it from spilling over and exploding that
ocean? I realized that in a way this
choice was forced on them by their own
desperation. They saw the cancerous
spread of radiation poisoning with its
heating effect—those things, when pro-
duced by nature, had to die out before a
globe could become habitable.

  My thoughts were interrupted by
several men on the screen bending over
what seemed to be a table. And then it

happened....

   TERRIFIC blinding white light on
the platform etched for the space
of a second, on the screen above, and
for eternity on my mind, the horror in
the half-dozen faces of the men making
the experiment, before they disinte-
grated into light.

  For the space of another second, that
gigantic amphitheatre rocked with the
screams of the doomed, as the explo-
sion on the altar of science spread with
lightning swiftness in all directions
through the air. Then the swarming
mass of living creatures were seared to
powder as the vast domes crackled and
burned in the swiftly mounting terror.

  My companion and I seemed to be
borne aloft like a particle of smoke on
the conflagration which spread with un-
believable swiftness. It was as if the
planet was a picture soaked in gasoline,
to which some one had touched a match.
The forests writhed like souls in agony,
while between the burning trees long
cracks appeared in the crust, through
which poured the bubbling red plan-
etary blood of lava. Then even these
were blotted out in light as the flames
became higher and hotter and whiter.
I knew that they must have become
hotter with the heat of a new-born sun,
although I could not feel them.

  Nor could I even see them so well, for
I was speeding away with unbelievable
rapidity. The Planet One, which had
become a sun, still circled its greater
day star, and as I watched its magni-
ficent brilliance, I heard my companion
say:

  “That was the year 50,050 on the
Planet One, but as for Earth, it was
before—long millenniums before—the
memory of man or beast.”

  “Then they were not speaking of
Earth?”

  “No. Earth would never have been
78

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

available for the people of One. It was
not large enough. We are now crossing
over from the long cycle of the past—
that past which might become the fu-
ture.”

 “But One? Where is the Planet
One?” I asked as I watched its fading
brilliance becoming smaller and smaller
with the increasing distance. Yet I
could not take my eyes from its white
beauty and its rainbow corona.

  “Know you not of a small sun circling
a larger neighbor? Know you not of a
small sun with a heavy core such as
might be expected from millenniums of
atom-stripping?”

  Of course! Sirius and its dwarf com-
panion!

  From the distance I heard chanting
voices:

  “Upon the pathway of flames do I
walk in beauty! Upon the pathway of
flames do I walk in knowledge!”

  Perhaps I still had time to ask one
more question.

  “Will Planet One ever again become
habitable?”

  Through the chanting and the tom-
tom, I heard the voice of my guide as

if from an ever-increasing distance:
“There are some things which even I
do not know.”

  Then the pin-prick brilliance of One
became lost in the purple-tipped
carmine of flame corridors upon whose
smoke-veils I was lowered. . . .

  “Upon the pathway of flames do I
walk in knowledge.”

  And I found myself sitting upon the
sand-painting while medicine men were
sprinkling pollen upon my skin. My
first words must have sounded very In-
dian, for I merely stated:

  “I have returned.”

  Yet later when I told them my story,
they did not betray the great disap-
pointment which I know they must
have shared. The only comment, given
by my grandfather, was pronounced
after due deliberation.

  “We sent you out, my son, as a white
man. As a white man have you re-
turned. Your message is not for us. It
is for that world of yours where you
walk with such confidence. It is for
white man. Go forth, my son, and de-
liver to that world your message.”

THE END

AN EXPLANATION OF "THE FIRE TRAIL"

"T 'T'OU have just finished reading a
Y true story. We obtained this
account of an actual “fire trail”
ceremony which took place this summer
in New Mexico from our good friend, L.
Taylor Hansen, who is a good friend of
the Navaho. He considered the “story”
interesting material for us.

  As we understand it, the ceremony is
an ancient one and was attended by
several different tribes; the Navaho, the
Pueblos, Hopi, and even a Yee-Hat
from Alaska. The man selected to
travel the fire trail was to ask an answer
to the problem of what to do about the
threatened loss of lands, of crops, of

food, and of other rights, due to several
scientific and governmental projects in
the area.

  When Oge Make returned from his
mystic adventure, he revealed that his
“guide” had not taken him on a trip to
Washington, to the Great White Fa-
thers, to get the answer to their ques-
tion, and to try to implant a correction
in the minds of the White Fathers, but
had instead taken him on an incredibly
fantastic trip into space and into the
far past, to a world circling Sirius.
There he was given the message you
have just read!

  Your editors know it is true!
PLIGHT OF THE NAVAHO

DURING July and August of
1947 the Navaho Indians in
New Mexico were deprived of
their means of livelihood by a series of
unavoidable catastrophes and face ex-
treme privation and hardship and per-
haps even starvation this winter. The
government order which contributed to
this condition was for the slaughter of
the herds of sheep which form the
Navaho’s sole support. The Navaho
nation, up to now, has been entirely
self-sustaining from its sheep-raising,
rug-weaving and silverwork. Without
sheep, they cannot obtain wool for rug-
weaving; they cannot sell sheep to ob-
tain money for purchasing silver; pro-
viding meat for food this winter will be
impossible.

  Perhaps it has been necessary to
slaughter the sheep to conserve grazing
lands from destruction, as has been sug-
gested, or perhaps it is true that the
action became necessary to prevent con-
tamination among both Indians and
Whites because of a diseased condition
directly attributable to the explosion of
the first atom bomb in the neighbor-
hood, the effects of which are still being
felt. Along those lines, we recently pub-
lished a novel by Rog Phillips, called,
“So Shall Ye Reap,” which suggests a
possible effect from the bombs already
detonated and pointing to a disastrous
effect if more are detonated. Certainly
further experiments to obtain positive
information as to just what effects the
explosion of atom bombs have on our
atmosphere, soil, climate, etc. should be
carried out before any further work is
done along destructive Knes. However,
that is another matter, already being
very hotly argued by leading scientists.
Right now the plight of the Navaho

people is our concern.

  We suggest two courses of action, to
be taken by our readers in a purely
humanitarian way. First, PLEASE
SEND PACKAGES OF NON-PER-
ISHABLE FOOD TO THE NAVAHO
IMMEDIATELY, AND CONTINUE
TO DO SO THROUGHOUT THE
COMING WINTER TO HELP THIS
HONORABLE INDIAN NATION’S
PEOPLE THROUGH A CRISIS IN
THEIR HISTORY. Second, “adopt”
an Indian child, and pledge yourself to
support that child through the winter.
Really be a “great white father”!
Either of these things can be done by
addressing the following persons:

  Chief Zhealy Tso, Chinle District 10,
Navaho Reservation, New Mexico.

  Clyde Lyzer, Window Rock, Navaho
Reservation, New Mexico.

 Howard Gorman, Window Rock,
Navaho Reservation, New Mexico.

  Roger Davis, Window Rock, Navaho
Reservation, New Mexico.

  Address your food packages to any
one of these men, who will see that the
packages reach those in most immedi-
ate need of help. If you care to “adopt”
an Indian boy or girl for the winter,
write to these four men, who will act
as intermediary, or place you in direct
contact with the child or child’s family
who will benefit by your assistance.

  Let us, as Americans with a heart,
show the Navaho that we do not intend
to let hardship come to them, no matter
what the reasons are for what has hap-
pened. Your editor for one, has “adopt-
ed” the first Navaho child and hereby
pledges that child’s support through the
coming winter. Why don’t you do the
same?—Raymond A. Palmer.
 Gulick heard the sharp crack of Redding's gun, but he was not afraid of

The ISLE of DOOM

      by Robert Moore Williams
bullets at that moment—for the deadly mist balls were rushing for him.

They hung eerily over the swamp isle,
strange balls of mist that looked harmless

enough until they hurtled down — to kill...

81
82

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

THE town of Tom’s Landing, at
the edge of the Big Cypress
swamp in the Florida Ever-
glades, looked like the thing it needed
most on earth was a good hurricane to
blow it to hell and gone off the planet.
Mark Redding stood on the dilapidated
board-walk that ran down one side of
the dirt road that served as a street and
looked at the nine wooden shacks that
made up the residences in this com-
munity. The only living creatures in
sight were a scattering of scrawny
chickens visible under the house across
the street, a lean hound dog that looked
like he wished an alligator would catch
him and save him the trouble of starving
to death, and a razorback hog. Redding
turned to look at the store. It was a
single wooden building and it was ready
to fall apart. Its back end rested on
piles driven into the water. The launch
that had brought him here across the
swamps was tied up at the back end of
the store and its garrulous owner was
inside the building.

The faded sign on the joint said:
JENKIN’S STORE
Groceries, fishing tackle, dry goods,
and snuff
A second smaller sign hung under the
first one. The small sign said:

          U. S. Postoffice
Well, this is it, he thought. This is the
postoffice. This is the place I’m look-
ing for. He pushed open the door of
the store.

  As he entered the front door, the
owner of the launch that had brought
him here came in through the back
door.

  “Hi, Zack. Hi, Ned. How’re you,
boys?” the launch operator sang out
to two men in the back of the store.
“Seen any more swamp ghosts lately?”
The owner of the launch was kid-
ding. He got a short answer for his
efforts.

  “Shut yer mouth, you danged fool!”
one of the two men told him. “There’s
some things in these swamps that peo-
ple who got any sense don’t talk
about.”

  Redding stepped into the room. At
the sound of his footsteps, the two men
looked up quickly. Their unshaven
faces turned instantly blank when they
saw a stranger. The behavior pattern
of the swamps is the same as the hills:
keep quiet when a stranger comes
around.

  The launchman recognized Redding.
“Hi,” he called out. “Here’s my pass-
enger. I want you to meet a couple of
the boys. This is Zack and this is Ned.
They’re alligator hunters. That is—”
He winked broadly at Redding. “—
they hunt gators exceptin’ when the
ghosts run ’em out of the swamp.”

  “Hello,” Redding said. The two men
nodded, said nothing. One of them,
Zack, glanced sideways at the launch-
man. If looks could have killed, the
launch tied up at the back of the store
would have been in need of a new
owner.

  The launchman was determined to
have his joke. “They’re a little sensi-
tive about ghosts,” he said, winking
again at Redding. “But they’re good
fellers and if the man you’re looking for
is anywhere around these parts, they’ll
be able to help you out. Know every
hole and gator hideout in these swamps,
the boys do. Well, I gotta get that stuff
unloaded. Can’t stay here and talk all
day.”

/GRINNING, the launch owner hus-
tied into the back room of the
store.

  The two men eyed Redding. Their
gaze went over his lean, bronzed face,
took In the sport jacket he was wearing,
noted his slacks, his sport shoes. They
looked a long time at the beaten brown
THE ISLE OF DOOM

83

canvas bag he was carrying. Then
Zack’s eyes came back to the slack
coat, searched for the bulge under the
arm that would mean this stranger was
carrying a gun.

  There was no bulge under the arm.
The gun was in the canvas bag.

  “You lookin’ for somebody?” Zack
said at last.

  “Yes,” Redding answered.

 “Who?”

  “The postmaster.”

  “Oh.”

  “Either of you in charge of the post-
office?”

  “Nope,” Zack said. “Ab Jenkins is
the man you want. He’s in back check-
in’ groceries.”

  “I’ll wait for him,” Redding said.
While he waited, he looked around the
store. The postoffice occupied a small
corner of the room. The rest of the store
was devoted to an amazing conglomera-
tion of goods. There were cheap
shoes, a barrel of salt pork, fish nets,
gig heads, snuff, twists of chewing to-
bacco, bolts of calico, galvanized iron
buckets, pencils, pens, tablets of writing
paper, blue denim overalls, blue work
shirts, and other items essential to the
trappers and fishermen who lived in the
swamp.

  One showcase fascinated Redding.
It contained a collection of fish hooks
of various sizes, yellow candy made to
resemble peanuts, boxes of snuff, sacks
of smoking tobacco, a box of cheap
cigars, shoe laces, pocket knives—and
an expensive miniature camera with a
price of $5.00 scrawled on the tag at-
tached to it.

  The camera had an imported F 3
lens. A light meter and range finder
were mounted on the sides.

  A camera like this would cost $200.00
in New York. Second-hand, it could
easily cost $100.00. It was for sale in
this store for $5.00.

  Looking at the camera, something in-
side Redding began to turn cold. He
knew what it meant to be cold. He had
been cold on the Anzio beachhead, he
had been cold in southern France, he
had been cold in front of the Siegfried
Line when an 88 was zeroed in on his
platoon. All during the war—and he
had seen it all—he had been cold. It
was the same kind of coldness he felt
now.

  A step sounded behind the counter.
“Something I can do for you?” a heavy
voice said. Redding looked up.

  Ab Jenkins, the postmaster and store
owner, was a big man. A two days’
growth of tobacco stained whiskers
covered his face. He spat on the floor
behind the counter.

  “I’d like to look at this camera, if it’s
for sale.”

  For a second, Jenkins hesitated. His
heavy eyes studied this customer. Then
he shrugged, took the camera out of
the showcase. “Everything in here’s
for sale.”

  Redding took the camera, turned it
over and over, studied the lens and the
exposure meter. He didn’t give two
hoots in Georgia about the lens and the
meter. He wanted to see if there were
two initials scratched inside the case
but he didn’t want to be in a hurry
about looking.

  “I’ll buy it,” he said at last. He took
a five dollar bill out of his wallet. While
Jenkins was putting the bill into the
money drawer, Redding opened the
camera, looked inside it.

gCRATCHED on the black enamel
on the inside of the box were the
initials J. R.

  They stood for Jim Redding, Mark
Redding’s brother.

  “Where did you get this camera?”
Redding asked.

  “A gator hunter found it on an island
84

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

out in the swamp/’ Jenkins answered.
“He owed me a bill and I took the cam-
era as part payment.”

  “I see,” Redding answered. He
studied Jenkins. The store owner’s face
was impassive and revealed nothing.
He might be lying. He might be telling
the truth. Or his story Of how he had
obtained the camera might be part lie
and part truth. Redding had no way
of knowing.

  “Anything else I can do for you?”
Jenkins asked.

  “Yes. You’re postmaster, aren’t
you?”

  A look of irritation crossed the store-
keeper’s face. “You ain’t another
danged inspector, are you?” he de-
manded.

  Redding grinned. “No. I’m look-
ing for some information on a man who
mailed a letter from this postoffice on
December 2, 1941.”

  “Huh?” The request surprised,
startled Jenkins. “A man who mailed
a letter here in 1941! Mister, that’s
five years ago! ”

  “I know it is. The man is my brother.
I had a letter from him in December
1941 and I haven’t heard from him
since. I came down here to look for
him. Here’s the letter.”

  Redding took a big envelope from
his inside coat pocket, opened it, re-
moved a smaller envelope. The post-
mark, Tom’s Landing, Florida, Decem-
ber 2, 1941, was faded but still visible
on the small envelope. Redding laid
the letter on the counter.

  In the back of the room the two alli-
gator hunters suddenly stopped talk-
ing.

  Jenkins looked at the letter but made
no move to touch it. “You waited five
years to come lookin’ for your brother,”
he said. The tone of his voice was an
accusation.

  “I was in the Army,” Redding said.

Bitterness crept into his voice. “They
don’t give you time off from the army
to go looking for missing brothers. Af-
ter I was discharged, I had to spend
some time looking after my business. I
got here as quickly as I could.”

  Jenkins listened in silence. He looked
at the letter, found courage to pick it
up. He turned it around in his fingers,
studied the postmark and the address.

  “I wouldn’t have to see the man who
mailed this letter,” he said. “He might
have come in here and dropped it in the
box without my seeing him. Or he
might have gave it to someone else to
mail and never came in here at all.”
“Then you don’t remember my
brother being in here?”

  “I sure don’t,” Jenkins said flatly.
His gaze went regretfully to the camera
tucked under Redding’s arm. That
camera made him a liar and he knew it,
but he obviously intended to stick to
his story.

  “He was a member of a scientific ex-
pedition,” Redding continued. “There
were two other men with him. One of
them, Roger Nash, financed the trip.
Did you ever hear of him?”

  Jenkins shook his head.

  “No?” Redding said. “The third
man was Sidney Gulick. Did you ever
hear of him?”

  Sudden rage knotted Jenkins’ face.
“I never heard of any of them!” he
shouted. “And if you want my advice,
you’ll go back where you came from
and stop asking these damned fool
questions. I ain’t got any more time
to talk to you.”

  He stalked out of sight into the back
room of the store. Redding let him go.
If Jenkins wouldn’t talk, well, there
were other people in the town of Tom’s
Landing. He turned to question the
two alligator hunters.

  The cane chairs where they had been
sitting were vacant. The alligator
THE ISLE OF DOOM

85

hunters had cleared out the side door.
Redding went to the door and looked
out. He didn’t see them. He saw
something else.

  Drifting in across the swamp, its mo-
tor throbbing as it headed for a landing
in the vacant lot beside the store, was a
helicopter. Coming up the bayou chan-
nel was a powerful cabin cruiser.

  A ten-year old youngster, attracted
by the sound of the ’copter’s motor,
dashed out of a house across the street.
He looked at the plane, then at the
launch.

  “Gulick!” he yelled back to someone
still inside the house. “Gulick is com-
ing!”

  Running as fast as his skinny legs
would carry him, he dived into the
horseweeds across the street and disap-
peared.

  The helicopter slid down to a land-
ing in the vacant lot. Almost before
the vanes had stopped turning, Redding
was at the cabin door. He could see
the pilot inside. The door opened.

  “Are you Sidney Gulick—” he be-
gan, then stopped as he realized his
mistake. Wearing a leather helmet, the
pilot had looked like a man. As she
got out of the plane, he saw she was an
uncommonly attractive girl.

  “No,” the girl answered. She looked
curiously at Redding. “I’m Gerry
Nash. Mr. Gulick is in the launch. If
you will wait he will be here.”

  She walked across the lot and entered
the side door of the store.

  The launch pulled up at the little
landing behind the store. A heavy-set
man clad in gray flannel trousers
climbed out of it.

  Redding waited.

CHAPTER II

“ID EDDING? Jim Redding? Hm.”
Gulick pressed thick lips into a

line as thin as the edge of a knife. His
gaze went out across the swamp, across
the cane and the occasional cypress
trees, focused on a buzzard wheeling on
lazy wings in the bright blue sky. Some-
thing about the carrion bird seemed to
fascinate him. He did not look at his
questioner. “You are Mark Redding,
you say? Jim Redding was your
brother, you say?”

  “Yes,” Redding answered. The way
Gulick kept repeating “You say?”
angered him. It sounded like Gulick
was trying to make him out a liar. “He
was with you and Nash on an expedi-
tion that Nash financed to explore the
swamp. At least that’s what he wrote
me.”

  “Nash? Oh, yes, Nash. Nash was
interested in investigating certain forms
of living creatures found in the swamp.
He had the theory that life originally
emerged in swamps such as this millions
of years ago. He thought the process
might be continuing still, that some-
where in the swamps the processes of
creation might be working even now,
and that careful investigation might re-
veal new life forms emerging. Ha. Hm.
You’re scarcely interested in that, how-
ever. Jim Redding, you say? Let me
think. What was the name of that
young fellow—”

  His eyes were still on the buzzard.
Redding waited patiently. A step
sounded behind him. It was the girl
pilot of the helicopter. Gulick greeted
her effusively.

  “Gerry, my dear! You’re looking
fine, fine indeed.” He slipped an arm
around her, kissed her with every sign
of affection. She accepted the kiss but
did not respond.

  “Hello, Sid,” she said. “Have a nice
trip?”

  “Very satisfactory trip.”

  “Ready to go?”

  “Yes, my dear. Yes, indeed. Just as
86

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

soon as you get the—ah—eggbeater
started, I’m ready.” Opening the door
of the plane, he stood aside for her to
enter.

  “You haven’t answered my ques-
tion,” Redding spoke.

 “Your question?” For a moment
Gulick looked blank. “Oh, yes. You
must excuse me for neglecting you. I’m
a little absent-minded. You’re looking
for—what was the name now? Jim
Redding. Ah, yes. My dear,” he spoke
to the girl, “do you remember anybody
by the name of Jim Redding who was
with us in 1941? I can’t seem to place
the name.”

  The girl had one foot on the step that
led to the cabin of the helicopter. She
seemed to freeze in place. The knuckles
on the hand that grasped the handhold
turned white. Slowly she took her foot
from the step, turned to Redding.

  Her face was paper white. Her eyes,
as blue as the sky overhead, were alive
with sudden fear.

  When she spoke, her voice was calm.

  “Redding? At the moment I don’t
seem to recall any one by that name.
Was he a friend of yours?”

  “My brother.”

  “Oh!” Fear deepened in the eyes.

  “I’ve got it!” Gulick spoke suddenly.
He snapped his fingers. “Redding was
with us before the war. He left us to
enter service. I remember him now. In
January, I think it was, of 1942, he
left us to go into the Army. Volunteered
for the air forces. Fine boy, mighty
fine boy. I’ve often wondered what
happened to him. You haven’t heard
a word from him, you say? Too bad.
So many fine young fellows—”

  “He went into the Army—” Redding
exploded, then caught himself. This
was neither the time nor the place to
reveal that Jim Redding had volun-
teered for service on two separate oc-
casions, and had been turned down

both times, because of a punctured ear-
drum and a heart murmur. Whatever
had happened to him, he hadn’t entered
the army. No doctor on earth would
ever have passed him for service.

  “Sorry I can’t help you any more,”
Gulick said, helping the girl into the
’copter. “Sorry. Please stand back
now. The vanes are rather dangerous.
What’s this? Something for me? Ah,
thank you, Jenkins.”

rT''HE storekeeper had come running
up to the ship. He handed an en-
velope to Gulick. The latter glanced
at it, thrust it into his pocket without
opening it.

  The ship’s motor roared. Vanes
spinning madly, the eggbeater dragged
itself into the air, moved slowly out
across the swamp, then went straight
as an arrow toward its unknown desti-
nation.

  “I thought you said you didn’t know
Gulick?” Redding said.

  “Gulick? Did you ask me about
Gulick? I didn’t understand you.”
Jenkins turned and walked back into
his store. He slammed the door behind
him.

  A wind, tangy with the odor of stag-
nant water and Spanish moss and de-
cay, moved across the swamp. Some-
where in that deep fastness of water
and cane and tangled jungle growth, a
bull alligator bellowed softly. The buz-
zard that Gulick had watched was
wheeling in smaller circles now and was
nearer the ground. A second buzzard
had joined the first one.

  Redding, his face tense with baffled
anger, stared in the direction in which
the helicopter had vanished. Gulick
had lied to him. Jenkins had lied to
him. Why? The girl pilot had showed
sudden fear at his questions. What was
she afraid of? For that matter, what
was Jenkins and the two alligator hunt-
THE ISLE OF DOOM

87

ers afraid of?

  He tried to remember what his
brother had told him about Sidney
Gulick. It hadn’t been much. Gulick
was a biochemist employed by Nash,
a sort of a hired hand who did routine
laboratory analyses. Nash had been the
important member of the expedition
Jim Redding had joined. Jim’s letters
had been full of Nash. Redding had
gotten the picture of a benevolent,
wealthy old scientist, eccentric but lov-
able, who poked around in swamps
looking for the origin of life. If any-
body could give him information about
his brother, Nash would be the man.
Where could he find Nash? He was so
busy wondering where he could find the
scientist that he didn’t hear the man
scream.

  He did hear the sound of running
feet. He turned, searching for the ori-
gin of the sound. Zack, the alligator
hunter, was running down the main
street of Tom’s Landing. Redding had
seen men run with machine gun bullets
zipping around them, he had seen the
Supermen run from Sherman tanks—
and that was really some running—but
he had never seen a man run any harder
than this alligator hunter. Zack’s
tongue was hanging out, his face was
contorted as he fought for breath, he
was covering more than ten feet at a
single stride, and his feet were tearing
up the sandy soil.

  “What the devil? Oh, oh—”

  Floating through the air behind
Zack, keeping pace with him but ap-
parently not able to overtake him, was
a globe of shining mist the size of a
basketball. It was mist and yet it
wasn’t mist. It looked like a ball made
up of thousands of strands taken from
spider webs, each single strand covered
with microscopic globules of dew that
glittered in the sunlight.

  Zack saw Redding. “Willo!” he

screamed. “Run, you fool!”

  As he screamed the warning, he
tripped and fell headlong.

  The misty globe dived toward him.

  The hunter rolled frantically, saw it
hanging in the air over him, screamed
again. Redding had the dazed impres-
sion that the doors of several houses
had opened and as hastily slammed
again as the people in them looked out
to see what the shouting was about.
One look was all they needed to slam
and bolt the doors. No one came out
to help. The sound of slamming win-
dows rattled the air. Redding raced
toward the fallen man.

  Zack seemed to be doing a dozen dif-
ferent things at once. He was trying to
get to his feet, he was trying to kick
at the ball of mist, he was trying to slap
at it, at the same time. The ball was
following him like a hound snapping at
a cornered rabbit.

  Redding vehemently wished for the
gun in his bag. Lacking the pistol, he
slapped at the ball.

  A jolt of icy numbness seared all feel-
ing from his arm.

T1TISSING like a frightened snake,
the ball spun upward. It had no
eyes but it looked at Redding and Red-
ding knew it was looking at him. When
he slapped it, it had seemed to melt
away from his hand, to bounce like an
extremely spongy rubber ball. Except
for the numbing shock to his hand, he
was not certain he had touched it.

  It hung in the air, regarding him.
Redding stared at it. He didn’t know
what to do next.

  Zack scrambled to his feet.

  “Run!” he hissed. “Follow me!”

  He dived headlong toward the near-
est shack. Redding learned later the
shack belonged to the hunter. Now it
merely seemed the nearest place of
refuge. He followed the hunter. The
88

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

shining ball of dancing mist darted
after them.

  Zack kicked the door open, scrambled
inside. Redding was right behind him.
The hunter slammed the door. It was
a one-room shack with a ragged bed in
one corner, a cookstove in the other, a
table and several chairs between. There
were two windows. Zack slammed them
shut. His tortuous breathing was loud
in the room. Outside the door was a
hissing sound that resembled high pres-
sure steam escaping from a small jet.

  “What was that thing?” Redding de-
manded.

  “Willo,” the hunter gasped. “We—
we were dead monkeys. Or I was.”

  “What the hell is a willo?”

  Zack shook his head. “They come
out of the swamp. That’s all I know.
You see ’em sometimes at night. First
time I ever saw one in the daytime.
First time I ever saw one here in town.
Come here and look.” He pointed out
the window.

  Redding looked out through the dirty
glass. The willo was hanging in the air
ten feet above the ground. It seemed to
be resting. The microscopic points that
looked like dew glittered along the
strands of spider web that formed its
body.

  “We’re safe here. They can’t come
through glass or through walls. Watch 1 ”

  A lean razorback hog ambled be-
tween the two houses. The ball of mist
tensed when the pig came into sight.
Like a panther, it seemed to be gather-
ing itself to spring. It darted down-
ward.

  The hog didn’t see it coming and
probably would have paid no attention
if it had seen the incredible creature in
the air above it. The ball of mist settled
gently on the animal. The hog stopped
dead still. Something had happened to
it, it didn’t know what. Nose down,
ears still, four feet firmly planted on

the ground, it stood without moving.
Either it did not know what was hap-
pening or it was paralyzed. The ball
of mist seemed to sink partly into the
pig. Slowly the hog’s four feet spread
out. The leg muscles seemed to relax
gradually. The hog toppled over, did
not move.

  Two, three, four minutes passed. The
ball of mist seemed to feed on the pig.
Then it floated free. Moving with re-
newed energy, it darted into the air,
passed above the tree tops and was
gone.

  A dead hog lay in the yard.

  The fifteen or twenty inhabitants of
the town of Tom’s Landing huddled in
their houses, knowing that death had
walked among them. Redding went
slowly out into the yard, examined the
hog. There was not a mark on its body.
For all he could see, the hog had just
laid down and died. If he hadn’t seen
the tragedy happen, he would have
sworn it hadn’t, couldn’t, happen. But
the hog was dead.

  “That would have been me, if I
hadn’t seen it coming,” Zack spoke. He
looked out across the swamp. His face
was gray with fear.

CHAPTER III

LA!E afternoon came slowly over
the swamp. Somewhere off behind
the house a catbird trilled sleepily. The
bull alligator was still mumbling mo-
rosely to himself off in the fastnesses
of water and weeds.

  “Nope,” Zack said, for the fifth or
sixth time. “You saved my worthless
carcass and I thank you kindly for it
but I ain’t takin’ you out in that swamp
to look for anybody, not for a million
dollars. You can stay here in my shack
as long as you like, I’ll dig up vittles
for you and I’ll find some corn to go
along with ’em, you can have my boat
THE ISLE OF DOOM

89

or my gun or anything else I’ve got,
but I ain’t takin’ you out to Gulick’s
island, or anywheres near it.”

  The hunter wiped the mouth of the
jug, tilted it across his arm, let the
liquor flow down his throat. He handed
the jug to Redding. There was corn
whiskey in the jug. Redding drank
slowly.

  “Why not?” he asked.

  “You helped me drag that hawg off,
didn’t you?” the hunter answered.
“Then you know why not!”

  “Is that the only reason?”

  “Ain’t that enough reason?”

  “But there may not be any more of
those things and anyhow, we could out-
run them. You said yourself it was
possible to outrun them, that they
couldn’t fly very fast.”

  “Not out there you can’t outrun ’em.
And if there is only one, that’s too
many.”

  “Okay, okay,” Redding agreed. “Do
you know anything else about my
brother?”

  “Only what I told you. He was in
here two or three times with Gulick and
Nash. After the war started, I never
saw him again. I ain’t seen Nash in a
couple of years.”

  “How do you think Jenkins got his
camera?” Redding questioned.

  “Mark, I don’t know. That camera
was in the showcase for a long time. I
haven’t the foggiest notion where he
got it. Jenkins and Gulick have always
been pretty thick. Maybe Gulick gave
it to him.”

  The hunter was willing to talk. The
fact that Redding had saved his hide
had opened his mouth. He just didn’t
know any more. Jenkins might be able
to tell him something but Jenkins
wasn’t talking. Gulick might know
something but he wasn’t talking either.
That left Nash, if the scientist could
be found.

  “I guess I’ll have to find the way my-
self,” Redding decided.

  “You can go if you want to,” Zack
said, a little sullenly. “But if I was you,
I’d go in the other direction. That’s
what I’m goin’ to do as soon as I can
get out of here. There’s plenty of other
places where I can hunt gators besides
Tom’s Landing. Hey. What’s that?”
A far-off drone was audible inside
the shack. Redding went to the window
and looked out. The helicopter was
dropping down for another landing be-
side Jenkins’ store. The girl was at the
controls again. She brought the un-
gainly ship to a perfect landing, stopped
the vanes, went into the store. Redding
and the hunter watched her.

  “I’d like to know where she fits into
this picture,” Redding said.

  Zack shook his head. “I wouldn’t
know. This swamp is thick with
mysteries and she’s just another one
that I can’t figure out.”

  A few minutes later Redding saw the
girl come out of the store. She came
down the street, into the yard, knocked
on the front door-. Zack opened it.

  “Jenkins said I could find Mr. Red-
ding here. Could I speak to him?”
“Certainly,” Redding answered for
himself. “What can I do for you?”
“Mr. Gulick sent me back for you,”
the girl answered. “He remembered
that your brother forgot some personal
belongings at the island when he left.
Mr. Gulick thought you might like to
have them.”

  Redding took a deep breath while he
tried to grasp the meaning of this new
turn of events. Gulick had sent his
helicopter back for him. Before he
could answer, Zack was speaking.

  “Don’t you do it, Mark,” the hunter
said. “Don’t you go near that island.
Whatever your brother left there, leave
it where it is. You don’t need it bad
enough to go after it. Let ’em bring
90

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

it in here, let ’em bring it to you. Don’t
you go after it.”

  “Nonsense,” Redding answered. He
turned to the girl. “I’ll be glad to go.
Wait until I get my bag.”

IGNORING the hunter’s frightened
warning, he picked up his bag, fol-
lowed the girl out to the ship. She
paused at the cabin door.

  “Your friend back there gave you
some good advice,” she said. “Do you
want to take it?”

  Redding stared at her in blank aston-
ishment. Slowly he shook his head.

  “Okay. Get in,” she said. Her voice
was bright and hard without the slight-
est trace of emotion in it. Only after
the ship was in the air did he see the
tears running down her cheeks.

  Mark Redding did not know much
about girls. He had been in the army
so long he scarcely remembered that
women existed. The tears made him
realize that this girl had been putting
up a front. She had been pretending
to be brave and competent, to be strong
and fearless, when underneath she was
just an extremely frightened little girl.

  “Can I do something to help?” he
asked gently.

  She shot a startled glance at him
out of the corner of her eyes. He got
the impression that maybe this was the
first time in her life anybody had of-
fered to help her.

  “You could have stayed back there
at Tom’s Landing,” she answered.
“Better still, you could have gone back
north. That would have been the sen-
sible thing to do because you can’t do
anything to help down here. All you
can do is get yourself—” She hesitated,
changed her mind about what she was
going to say.

  “Killed?” Redding supplied. “All I
can do is get myself killed? Is that
what you were about to say?”

  “Yes,” she bluntly answered.
Redding chuckled. “Thanks for the
warning,” he said. “Thirty minutes
after I arrived in Tom’s Landing I
realized I had come to a fine place to
get myself killed. Is that what hap-
pened to my brother?”

  Like bullets out of a gun, he shot the
words at her. In his mind was the grim
suspicion that this girl knew more than
she was telling. He hoped to startle
information out of her.

  It worked.

  “Yes,” she said. “No, no, no!” she
gasped, a split second later. “I didn’t
mean that. I don’t know—”

  “I heard you the first time,” Red-
ding answered. He leaned back in his
seat, stared from unseeing eyes at the
swampy jungle below the slowly moving
ship. So he had it. Jim was dead. The
news did not exactly surprise him. He
had suspected as much all along. But
the confirmation of what had been only
suspicions tightened a cold knot around
his heart. His brother was dead.

  “How did he die?”

  ii J_»

  “Was he murdered?”

 “That—”

  “Who did it?”

 “But—”

  “Did Gulick do it?”

  “I never—”

  “Did Nash kill him?”

  “Nash!” Surprise showed through
the misery on her face. “Mr. Redding!
Don’t you know my name?”

  “No, I don’t.”

  “I’m Geraldine Nash. Roger Nash is
my father. He didn’t kill your brother.
Don’t you say he did. Don’t you dare
say it. Don’t you even think it.”

“TTH!” Redding gulped. So this girl
was the daughter of Roger Nash!
“I’m sorry,” he fumbled for words.
“Please forgive me, Miss Nash. I
THE ISLE OF DOOM

91

didn’t have any idea that Nash was
your father. All I knew was that you
were here and that you obviously knew
something you wouldn’t tell. I’m sorry
for the third degree technique but I
had to know.”

  “It’s all right,” she dabbed at her
cheeks with a tiny handkerchief. “Now
that you know you—can’t help any—
do you want me to turn around and take
you back to Tom’s Landing?”
“What?”

  “I’ll take you back. No one will ever
know the difference. I’ll say you had
already gone.”

  “Thanks.”

  Her face lightened. “You mean I can
take you back?”

  “Yes,” Redding answered. “You can
take me back, when I know how my
brother died. Do you want to tell me?”
“I—I can’t—”

  “You mean you won’t?” he chal-
lenged.

  “No, it isn’t that,” she flared. “I
can’t. There are good reasons why I
can’t talk to you or to anyone else. I’ve
already told you too much.”

  “Oh. Perhaps the sheriff or the state
police or whoever the local authorities
are in this area would be able to find
out for me.”

  “That’s why you’re here now,” the
girl answered. “To keep you from go-
ing to the authorities. The note Jen-
kins gave Gulick said you had bought
your brother’s camera and knew too
much. If you hadn’t bought that cam-
era, you wouldn’t have been able to
prove anything and you wouldn’t have
been bothered. Don’t you realize, Mr.
Redding, that I’m taking you back to
the island to keep you from taking that
camera and your story to the authori-
ties? Now do you want to go on or do
you want me to turn back with you?”
In a dozen ways, she had tried to
warn him. Redding knew she was try-

ing to help him, she was trying to save
his neck. He shrewdly suspected she
was risking her own life in trying to
help him. He remembered the note
Jenkins had given Gulick. The latter
had thrust it into his pocket without
reading it. Later, when he read it, he
had sent this girl back for Redding.
When Jenkins had sold him the camera
he hadn’t known who the purchaser
was. The storekeeper must have realized
too late that Redding had recognized
the camera. He had promptly given
this information to Gulick. And Gul-
ick had acted.

  A hundred warning impulses told
Redding he ought to do what Miss Nash
suggested, he ought to turn back. Out
there in the swamp was danger. Up
ahead of them on the mysterious island
that was their destination was danger.
If he went ahead, his life was probably
not worth a plugged dime.

  He shrugged. If he turned back,
he would never know. And he had
lived so long with danger all around
him that his senses were dulled.

  “I’m going with you,” he said.

  She seemed to sag a little at the words
but she did not reply.

  “I want you to know that I appre-
ciate what you’ve tried to do,” he con-
tinued. “I’ll be on guard.”

  She shook her head.

  “One other thing,” he added. “I
think you’re in trouble, serious trouble.
I would like to help you, if you will let
me and if I can.”

  A tiny smile danced on her face.
“Thank you,” she said. “Will you take
this?”

  She reached down into a compart-
ment on the left side of the pilot’s seat,
pulled out a box about the size and
shape of a cigarette case. It was made
of aluminum.

  “Put this in your pocket and keep
it there. Don’t let anybody see it and
92

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

don’t ever move out of your room with-
out it. Put it in your pajama pocket
when you go to sleep at night.”
“Thanks,” he said. “What is it?”
“It’s a present. That’s all I can tell
you. And if anybody discovers you
have it and asks where you got it, tell
them you found it. But don’t ever tell
anyone that I gave it to you.”

TJTE ACCEPTED the strange ciga-
rette case, dubiously slipped it into
his pocket. Ahead of them, out of the
growing dusk, an island was emerging.
A few twinkling lights glistened among
the trees.

  “That long low building where you
see the lights is our living quarters,”
Gerry Nash said. “The big dark build-
ing off to the right is the laboratory.
This is the island.”

  “Urn. Quite a big place,” Redding
said. He was staring at the island but
out of the corner of his eye he was
watching something that had appeared
from nowhere and was struggling des-
perately to keep up with the moving
helicopter.

  It was one of the glowing basketballs
that had attacked the alligator hunter
back in the town of Tom’s Landing. In
the dusk it looked like a dim will-o’-
the-wisp that are occasionally seen
floating over swampy country. Redding
had never seen a will-o’-the-wisp but
he had read about them.

  Redding watched it, said nothing.
He reached down into the bag at his
side, stealthily extracted the gun and
an extra clip of cartridges from it,
slipped them into his pocket.

  The floating ball gave up trying to
keep up with the helicopter, veered off,
and then suddenly vanished into the
darkness.

  Under Gerry Nash’s skillful hand-
ling, the eggbeater dropped to a landing
without a jar.

CHAPTER IV

   ULICK was waiting in the shadows
for the helicopter to land. The
vanes had barely stopped turning be-
fore he was opening the cabin door. He
glanced at Redding, nodded, then spoke
to the girl.

  “Gerry, my dear. Come here. I
want to talk to you.”

  Helping her from the plane, he took
her arm and led her off into the dark-
ness. Redding unashamedly followed.
For once in his life, he was grateful for
his army training. It had given him the
ability to move with the stealth of an
Indian. Many times in the past few
years his life had depended on his
ability to move without sound. His
hunch was that this was another one
of those times. When he stopped mov-
ing, he was lying under a tree in a
clump of grass beside the path Gulick
had taken. He could have reached out
and touched the girl with his hand.

  “Where are we going, Sid?” he heard
Gerry Nash ask.

  “To Cuba,” Gulick answered. “Some-
time tonight. I want the plane ready to
leave at a moment’s notice. From Cuba
we’re going into South America. Your
father is in the laboratory packing the
equipment he wants to take with him.”
“South America!” Surprise was in
the girl’s voice. “We can’t do that,
Sid. We’ll need passports.”

  “I have them. I arranged every-
thing while I was away. And I have
something else, Gerry!” Exultation
showed in his voice. “A letter of credit
for almost two million dollars. I suc-
ceeded in disposing of all the gold the
submarine brought, got it transferred
into dollars. When we clear out of
here, my dear, we’ll be taking a fortune
with us. Think of that! We’ll be
rich! ”

  Redding whistled silently. Two mil-
THE ISLE OF DOOM

93

lion dollars brought here by subma-
rine! Two million in gold! It was a
fortune worth fighting for. But where
had the gold come from? Why had it
been brought here? Redding’s mind
raced madly, seeking an answer to the
mysteries hidden here in the swamp.
A secret laboratory, a fortune in gold,
a submarine, an unwilling but strangely
cowed girl, floating balls of mysterious
death. What was going on here?

  “But Schultz!” the girl protested.
“And Wasser. What about them? They
claim this gold belongs to—”

  “I don’t care what they claim,” Gul-
ick snapped. “They brought the gold
here to pay us, didn’t they? That makes
it ours, doesn’t it? They have no right

to the gold. It’s m-ours! And I

intend to keep it.”

  “They won’t like it,” Gerry Nash
slowly said.

  “What do I care what they like?”
Gulick answered. “They’re not going
with us.”

  Silence. Redding could almost hear
Gerry Nash thinking.

  “Sid. Does that mean—” she whis-
pered.

  “Never mind what it means! ” Gulick
answered. “You go get the helicopter
ready.”

 “But—”

  “Do as I say!” the biochemist
snarled, his voice harsh in the darkness.
“I’ll take the responsibility. You just
do as you’re told!”

t'OR an instant, Redding thought she
was going to slap the man. Silently
he prayed for her to tell Gulick to go to
hell. If she would only smack him, tell
him off—Redding silently thumbed the
safety on his* gun. If she would defy
Gulick, he would come out of hiding
and help her.

  “All right, Sid,” Gerry Nash an-
swered in a voice with tears in it. But

she didn’t defy Gulick. Instead, she
turned and walked back toward the
helicopter. Gulick went in the other
direction, disappearing toward the dark
building that served as a laboratory.

  Redding swore silently but did not
move. A dark shadow lifted itself from
the ground not ten feet from him,
slipped furtively away toward the liv-
ing quarters.

“Holy hell!” Redding thought.
“Somebody else was listening in too!”
Somebody—he couldn’t guess who—
had also overheard Gulick and the girl.

  Redding slipped back toward the
plane, then walked boldly up to it.
Gerry Nash was sitting in the cabin
crying.

  “Oh, hello,” she said. “Take your
bag up to the living quarters. Sam, the
Negro cook, or Frances, his wife, will
show you your room. Dinner will be
ready soon.”

  Redding lifted his bag out of the ship.
“Okay,” he said. He glanced back at
her. “You coming too?”

  “I’ll be along soon,” she answered.
Redding pounded on the door of the
long, low building that served as living
quarters for whomsoever lived on this
mysterious swamp island, was admitted
by a ponderous colored woman, fol-
lowed her heavy footsteps through what
was apparently a living room into a
long narrow hall.

  “This be your room,” she said, stop-
ping at a door at the end of the hall.
“We’s fixin’ to eat right away. You
come out soon as you’s ready.”

  She waddled off, apparently in the
direction of the kitchen, leaving Red-
ding to his own devices. The room con-
tained a cot, a washstand, a chair, and
a closet. It was hot and stuffy in the
place. Redding went to the single win-
dow to open it. The window was nailed
shut and a complete pane of glass was
missing. There was no screen.
94

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

  “Mosquitoes will eat me alive in
here,” he thought. “That is, if I stay
alive long enough for the mosquitoes to
get a crack at me! ”

  He did not doubt that he was in
deadly danger. Danger brooded over
this lonely swamp island like fog over
the jungle. Somewhere in this place a
trap was set for him. He knew too
much. Because he knew too much, he
was to be swept aside as one smashes a
stinging mosquito. Oddly, he did not
know what it was he knew that made
him dangerous. Of course, he knew
enough to demand an investigation.
Gulick certainly did not want the state
police to do any poking around on this
island. And yet—what was Gulick do-
ing here that he did not want investi-
gated? What was the secret of this
swamp island that the biochemist was
so carefully hiding? What was the
source of his power over Gerry Nash?
Where did the two million dollars in
gold fit into the picture? Where—
what—he shook his head. Questions.
No answers.

  Nor did he get any of the answers at
dinner. But he did meet Schultz and
Wasser.

  Gulick greeted him when he entered
the dining room. “Ah, Redding. Those
things that belong to your brother, I
know they’re here but I haven’t had a
chance to find them. I’ll look them up
tomorrow for you. In the meantime, I
should like to have you consider your-
self my guest.”

  So I am to stay tonight, Redding
thought. And tomorrow you will be
gone.

  “Thank you,” he said aloud. “Be
glad to stay.”

THINNER was a silent affair. Gulick
sat at the head of the table, Gerry
Nash at the end. Schultz and Wasser
sat directly across from Redding. Of

the mysterious scientist, Nash, there
was no sign. They were served by
Frances, the ponderous colored woman
who had shown Redding to his room.

  It was one of the strangest meals
Redding had ever eaten. No one said
a word.

  “I saw a strange sight this after-
noon,” Redding ventured at last.

 “Um. What was that?” Gulick
asked.

  Redding described the incredible ball
of floating mist that had attacked the
alligator hunter in Tom’s Landing. He
was curious to see how Gulick and the
others would react to the story.

  The reaction was even deeper silence
than had existed before. Even the oc-
casional scrape of silver on china faded
away as if each person in the room was
suddenly trying to eat as quietly as
possible. Gerry Nash looked fixedly at
her plate. Schultz and Wasser seemed
not to have heard what he had said.
Gulick frowned.

  “What do you think that thing was?”
Redding persisted.

  “Um,” Gulick answered. “Had you
been drinking?”

  “No, I hadn’t been drinking,” Red-
ding answered. “I saw the thing. I
helped drag the dead hog away.”

  “I have no idea what it was,” Gulick
answered. The tone of his voice indi-
cated the subject was closed. Before
he had finished speaking, Gerry Nash
had abruptly risen and left the room.
Gulick stared at her but said nothing.
Two minutes later Schultz and Wasser
rose and excused themselves. Gulick
hastily gulped the rest of his food.

  “Excuse me, Redding. Got some
work that simply has to done. Make
yourself right at home. You’ll find some
excellent books in the library. Read
if you would like until you are ready
to turn in.”

  Redding was left alone at the table.
THE ISLE OF DOOM

95

  “Would you be wishin’ anything
more?” the colored maid asked, enter-
ing the dining room.

  “No, thanks,” Redding answered. He
rose from the table, lit a cigarette, went
out on the porch. Around him the
swamp was still. There was no sign
of Schultz, Wasser, or Gulick. They
had left the building and the night had
swallowed them.

  “I wonder where that booby trap is,”
Redding thought. “I wonder where it
is.”

  He found it in his room sometime
around midnight. In spite of his inten-
tion to remain awake, he had dozed. He
awakened with the sound of high pres-
sure steam in his ears, high pressure
steam escaping from a tiny jet. Grim
experience had taught him how to be
wide awake instantly. No amount of
experience would ever teach him how to
control the flow of cold sweat that
poured over him when he heard that
high pressure hiss.

  He opened his eyes a slit. And saw
it. A dimly luminous ball of pale light
was floating through the window. The
missing pane of glass! That had been
the booby trap! The glass had been
deliberately removed from the window
so this thing could enter!

  Redding moved so fast his body was
a blur of motion. In less than split
seconds he was off the cot, across the
room, and had the doorknob in his
hand. Zack had said these things
couldn’t pass through walls. With the
door behind him, he would be safe.

  The knob wouldn’t turn as he twisted
it. He shook it savagely, realized then
that the door was locked.

  Somebody was making damned cer-
tain he wouldn’t escape!

T^EELING like a rat in a trap, he
dropped flat on the floor. As he fell
he was reaching for the gun in his

pocket. He had lain down with all his
clothes on. The gun was in his pocket.
He yanked it free, thumbed the safety
off, knowing that even if bullets would
stop the creature that had come out of
the night, it was already too late to use
them. Deep in his mind his sense of
time was telling him he ought to be
paralyzed, he ought to be dead, by now.
He might have beaten the floating bas-
ketball to the door, but when he
couldn’t open the door, it should have
struck him instantly.

  It hadn’t struck him. It wasn’t even
trying to strike him. He gasped in
astonishment when he saw what it was
doing.

  It was trying to escape from him!
It was inside the room but instead of
attacking him, it was dashing madly
from corner to corner seeking a way
out. The hiss of its motion was shrill
with—fear!

  It was afraid of him. It was trying
to get away. It darted back and forth,
apparently so crazed with fear that it
had forgotten the window where it had
entered. Redding didn’t move. In his
mind was the thought that his life had
been saved by a miracle. As he watched,
the ball remembered the window, darted
down to it, hissed out into the night. He
caught a glimpse of it burning the wind
as it lifted over the trees.

  He crept silently to the window,
peered out.

  “Mr. Redding,” a faltering voice
whispered. “Are—are you all right?”

  The whisper came from under his
window. Out there in the darkness,
Gerry Nash was speaking to him.

CHAPTER V

“'\X7'HATmakes you think I wouldn’t
be all right?” Redding said.
There was savagery in his voice and he
made no attempt to conceal or control

it. He was still badly scared. Some-
body had tried to kill him. He was not
at all certain that Miss Gerry Nash did
not have something to do with the crea-
ture that had been in his room. In his
present shaken mental condition, he
was not certain of anything. “Why
wouldn’t I be all right?” he repeated.

  “I’m so glad!” she answered. “I got
here as quickly as I could but I saw it
leave just as I arrived. I didn’t know
until I saw it leave—”

  “You didn’t know what?” Redding
interrupted. He was standing at the
edge of the window taking care not to
expose himself. The gun covered the
spot where her voice was coming from.

  “I didn’t—didn’t know what was go-
ing to happen to you.”

  “But when you saw that floating
death ball leave, you knew all right?”
“Y—es. That is—”

  “Then you know what that thing is!”
  “Y—es.”

  Redding laughed, a sound without
mirth in it. “I suppose you’re going to
tell me next that you came here to save
me from it!”

  “Y—es,” she faltered. The scorn in
his voice was stinging her. “That is—
you weren’t in any danger.”

  “No? I saw what one of those things
did to a hog. You tell me they’re not
dangerous.”

  “They’re dangerous all right,” she
admitted. “They’re a hundred times
as deadly as a rattlesnake. But you
weren’t in any danger, not from it.”

She watched as the grim struggle went on
for possession of the automatic weapon
98

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

  ‘‘No?” Her sureness shook him. He
was being unfair and he knew it, but he
was still so badly scared he couldn’t
completely control his reactions.

  “It didn’t attack you, did it?”
  “N—o.”

  “After it got into the room, it tried to
get away, didn’t it?”

  “How did you know?” he faltered.
“Were you watching?”

  “No. I saved you from the gas balls
this afternoon.”

  “What?”

  “The little aluminum box that looks
like a cigarette case,” the girl explained.
“No gas ball will even come near you
as Jong as you’re carrying that.”

  “Huh?” Redding grunted. Until this
moment he had completely forgotten
the little aluminum box. He felt hastily
in his pocket. It was still there. “You
mean this box saved me from that
thing? How the devil could it?”

  “That box contains an ultra high-
frequency miniature radio transmitter.
I have one of them, Sid—all of us have
them. We couldn’t work with the gas
balls without them. Occasionally the
gas balls escape. One of them would
kill all of us if we didn’t carry the
little radio transmitters to drive them
away.”*

  “Holy hell!” Redding breathed.
They worked with the luminous balls!
The monstrosities belonged here on this
island! The implications back of her
words made his mind reel. She was

* Radio Death Rays:—The radiations
from the miniature radio transmitters
were in effect death rays to the gas balls.
The life energy of the gas balls was a
radio frequency vibration high in the
ultra frequency ranges. The radiations
from the tiny transmitters disrupted the
functioning of this vital life process of
the gas balls and drove them away from
the transmitters.—ED.

speaking again.

  “Listen, Mr. Redding, I haven’t time
to explain everything. I came to get
you. We’ve got to get away from this
island and we’ve got to do it right
away!”

  “You came to get me!” Somewhere
inside of him he was aware of a warm
feeling. She had come to help him.
That was good. In giving him the little
radio transmitter in the aluminum box,
she had already saved his neck once.
The good feeling grew. There were
questions that went with it, lots of ques-
tions, but they could wait until later.
For the moment at least, he was con-
vinced of the honesty of Gerry Nash’s
intentions. Whatever part she was play-
ing in this amazing adventure, he felt,
in this moment at least, that she was on
his side.

  “Wait a minute,” he answered.

rT~'HE lower window frame had four
panes of glass in it. One was miss-
ing. The door was locked. The win-
dow was nailed down. He snatched the
blanket from the cot, stuffed part of it
out through the opening where the pane
was missing, grasped the frame in the
middle, pulled vigorously. The break-
ing panes of glass, muffled by the blan-
ket, made very little noise as they fell
inward. He stepped through the shat-
tered window, dropped lightly to the
ground.

  “Okay,” he said. “Where do we go
now? You know this place. You’ll have
to lead the way.”

  “We’ll take the ’copter,” Gerry
Nash’s suddenly soft voice answered.
“Sid may hear it start but we’ll be gone
before he can stop us.”

  She turned, tugged at his hand for
him to follow her.

  “One question,” Redding’s voice
stopped her. “This evening, no matter
how much you seemed to dislike it, you
THE ISLE OF DOOM

99

obeyed Sidney Gulick’s orders. To-
night you’re running away from him.”
“Early this evening my father was
alive,” she answered. “Now he’s dead.”
Pain and hurt and fatigue were in her
voice, all the pain in the world. She
was suddenly a little girl, a very fright-
ened little girl, crying in the darkness.

  “I’m sorry,” Redding said gently.
“I did not know.”

  “For over three years Gulick has
held my father prisoner on this island.
I obeyed him, because I knew what
would happen to my father if I didn’t
obey. Now my father is dead and I no
longer have to obey.”

  “Oh,” Redding said. Sympathy and
understanding welled up in him, found
expression in the single syllable that he
spoke. At last he understood why this
girl had obeyed Sidney Gulick. The
biochemist had been holding her
father a prisoner. She either did what
he told her to do, or else! Redding had
been inside Germany long enough to
know how easy it was to hold someone
prisoner and from that fact to command
the unquestioning obedience of the
prisoner’s relatives.

  “I’m sorry,” Redding whispered.
“I’m very sorry. I did not know. Did
Gulick—your father—”

  “My father died the same way your
brother died—because somebody tam-
pered with the radio transmitter that
protected him from the gas balls.”
“Somebody!”

  “I don’t know who. I only suspect.
Your brother objected to the use Gulick
proposed to make of the gas balls my
father discovered. After he objected,
he died. Of course it could have been
an accident, but—”

  “He died,” Redding said. “That’s
the important thing: he died.” The old
savagery had crept back into his voice.

  “I’ll tell you the whole story later,”
Gerry Nash whispered. “But we’ve got

to get out of here, and we’ve got to do
it right away, or we may never get out.”

  Desperate urgency was in her voice.
She tugged at his hand. Redding fol-
lowed her.

  Sitting in the little clearing that
served as a landing field, the helicopter
was a shadow that looked like a Rube
Goldberg invention. A gas ball darted
over them as they approached it, veered
down, then fled away as the radiations
from the miniature radio transmitters
repelled it.

  “Some time I want you to tell me all
about those things,” Redding said, in-
voluntarily ducking.

 “Later,” Gerry Nash answered
hastily. She opened the door of the ship,
slid into the pilot’s seat. Redding
slipped into the seat beside her.

  The starter ground. And ground.
And ground.

  The motor refused to start.

  “Something’s wrong,” the girl whis-
pered. “I’ll look.”

  Jerking a flashlight from its holder
beside the seat, she lifted the cover off
the motor. The flashlight beam poked
into the mechanism.

  “The distributor arm is gone,” Gerry
Nash said.

  •“Gone?” Redding echoed.

“Somebody removed it. Somebody
who didn’t want this ship to take off.”

  Rising above the fatal words, Red-
ding heard the sound of running feet
coming up the path from the laboratory.

  He swung himself out of the cabin,
dropped to the ground beside the plane,
rolled in the other direction.

  A flashlight beam stabbed through
the darkness, clearly revealed Gerry
Nash as she stood up beside the motor.

CHAPTER VI

“"y^r^AT’S going on here?” Sidney
Gulick demanded. His flashlight
100

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

covered Gerry Nash. Redding, lying
flat on the ground, could see the gun
glinting behind it. Gulick was inter-
ested in the girl. Redding began to
crawl.

  “Sid!” Gerry gasped. “Where did
you come from?”

  “I heard someone trying to start the
helicopter—”

  “I’ll take the gun,” Redding said.
With the muzzle of his own pistol he
jabbed Gulick so hard in the back that
the bones creaked. Reaching around
him, he jerked the pistol from the bio-
chemist’s grasp, stepped back, a gun in
each hand.

  “If you move before I tell you to, I
guarantee your guts will be so full of
holes in thirty seconds that they will
leak forever. Just stand still, Sid.
That’s all you have to do.”

  Over his shoulder Redding called.
“Gerry. Come and get his light.”
Gulick appeared dazed as she took
the flashlight from his shaking fingers.

  “Surprised to see me?” Redding said.
“You thought I was dead, didn’t you?
Ain’t it too damned bad I’m not!”
“Where — where did you come
from?” Gulick stuttered.

  “That’s the sixty-four dollar ques-
tion, Sid. Where did I come from?
And here’s the $128.00 question, Sid:
Where is that distributor arm?”

 “Wh—what?”

  “Don’t stall. I’d like nothing bet-
ter than to save the State the expense
of hanging you. Produce that dis-
tributor arm.' Miss Nash and I are
clearing out of here. Of course, now
that you’ve come along, we’ll take you
with us— but not to Cuba, Sid, not
to Cuba tonight. Something tells me
that if you ever get to Cuba it will be
in the spirit world. Where is that dis-
tributor arm?”

  “I— I don’t know what you’re talk-
ing about.”

  “The hell you don’t! You fixed the
ship so nobody would leave here with-
out you. A little insurance to protect
you if anything went wrong, eh; Sid?
Where is that arm? I’ll give—”

  Sock!

  Something hit Redding from behind,
descending with crushing force.

  Men who live through battles often
find they have developed a sense of
danger, a feeling that they had better
duck at the right time. Redding had
lived through many battles but he
didn’t need his keenly developed sense
of danger here. The sound of a steal-
thy step behind him told him the blow
was coming. He rolled with it. The
club knocked him head over heels,
splintered his vision with thousands of
shooting stars, dazed him, but did not
knock him out. He rolled like a ten-
pin hit by a bowling ball and he did not
get to his feet, but when he stopped
rolling and sat up, he was shooting.

  The shadow that had hit him ducked.
Gerry Nash screamed and threw the
flashlight at it. It ducked again. Red-
ding took a second snap shot at it.
The shadow hit the ground.

  Gulick ran like a fool. The second
after the first shot split the night, he
was gone—toward the laboratory.

  Redding shot at the ground where the
shadow had fallen. He had seen too
many men hug the ground when bul-
lets were coming at them, hit the dirt
when they weren’t hit, to believe that
his dazed aim, shaky from the blow
on the head, he had scored a hit. He
shot again.

  Over in the dark shadow of the trees
at the edge of the little landing field, a
ijiachine pistol let go. The air around
Redding sounded like it was being torn
as the slugs ripped through it.

"D EDDING threw himself flat on the
ground. He got a mouthful of
THE ISLE OF DOOM

101

dirt as a bullet hit the sandy soil inches
in front of his face. He fired at the
flash of the machine pistol.

  The pistol abruptly was silent. He
couldn’t tell whether or not he had hit
the man who held it. All he knew was
that it was silent.

  “Gerry!” he whispered.

  “Yes,” she answered from somewhere
in front of him.

  “Crawl back along the path,” he
ordered. “I’ll cover for you.”

  He heard the rustle of her body as
she slid along the ground. Redding
waited. Far off in the swamps a bull
alligator was bellowing. The night
wind sighed through the scrub pines
beside the clearing. The helicopter
was still a Rube Goldberg invention in
the night.

  Redding slipped a fresh clip of cart-
ridges into his pistol. Somewhere in
the clearing he could hear a man crawl-
ing stealthily. The man was going
farther away. Redding began to edge
along the ground following the girl. He
did not dare risk giving that machine
pistol another chance at him. He had
seen one of those pistols cut a man in
two with the murderous stream of bul-
lets it threw.

  “Gerry,” he whispered.

  “Yes,” she answered.

  “You all right.”

  “I’m alive. But my nervous sys-
tem will never recover.”

  “Who the devil was it that hit me
with the club? And who was using
that machine pistol?”

  “Schultz,” she answered. “I caught
a glimpse of him as he hit you. That
was Wasser with the pistol.”

  “Holy hell!” he muttered. “They
were trying to help Gulick.”

  “I don’t think so,” Gerry Nash said.
“I think they know that Gulick in-
tended to leave them here, with you,
and my dad. I think they’re the ones

who removed the distributor arm, ro
nobody could use the helicopter with-
out them.”

  “I still don’t get it,” he frowned.
“Who are they? Scientists who were
helping your father?”

  “Hardly,” she answered. “I don’t
question their technical ability but they
weren’t helping dad. They’re a couple
of agents sent over by the Nazis to
buy the gas balls from Gulick. Using
someone in South America, he got in
touch with the Germans, told them
what he had, offered to sell. Schultz
and Wasser came over by submarine to
investigate. They saw the gas balls
would be an extremely powerful weap-
on—thousands of those things sprung
in a surprise attack would demoralize
an opposing army—but the war ended
before they could return to Germany
with their information. Schultz and
Wasser are still here.”

  “Hell on earth!” Redding whistled.
“A couple of Nazis. And I thought I
had heard and seen everything!
That’s where the gold came from that
Gulick has.”

  “Yes. They paid off in gold but he
has had a lot of trouble getting it
changed into more negotiable currency.
The government asks questions if you
try to turn gold in at a bank these days.
Gulick would have been gone long ago
if he could have managed to convert
the gold into money he could use.
But—” she seemed mildly perplexed.
“—How did you know about the gold?”
“I eavesdropped,” he answered. He
told her how he had listened to her con-
versation with Gulick when she first
brought him to the island. “And there
was someone else listening too,” he add-
ed, suddenly remembering something
that had risen from the ground.

  “Probably Schultz or Wasser,” Ger-
ry Nash said. “That’s how they knew
Gulick was planning to leave tonight.”
102

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

  “Hm. Can either of them fly that
helicopter?”

  “No. They’re tricky things to han-
dle. I’m the only pilot here.”

  “Then it stacks up like this,” Red-
ding said slowly. “They’ve got the dis-
tributor arm, but they can’t fly the ship.
We’ve got the pilot, but we haven’t
got the missing distributor arm, so we
can’t fly. It’s a stalemate. Gulick can’t
take a hand in the game because he has
neither the pilot nor the missing part.
We’re all marooned here and we’re all
just begging for the chance to cut each
other’s throat. What a fine setting for
murder!”

  The night wind went whispering
through the scrub pines.

  “What about a boat?” Redding
asked. “If there is a boat around, we
could use it to get away.”

  “There’s a launch,” Gerry Nash an-
swered. Hope suddenly sounded in her
voice. “We might—if we don’t get
lost in these blasted swamps—”
“Lead me to the launch,” he said.
“I’ll take a chance on getting lost.”
“The launch is tied up at the little
dock on the other side of the labora-
tory,” Gerry said. “Come on.”

npHE laboratory was a dark shadow
huddled close to the ground. They
moved silently toward it. As they drew
near, a luminous ball of light suddenly
appeared over the building.

  Redding dived for the ground, then
sheepishly got to his feet.

  “Sorry. My reflexes are working a
little too good tonight. When I see
danger I hit the dirt first and think
afterwards. I keep forgetting those
things can’t harm us. Hello! There’s
another one. I won’t duck this time.”
A second gas ball had leaped up over
the building. It gyrated, dancing like
some monstrous hound exulting because
it has been freed from the leash.

  Behind it came a third one. Then
a fourth! A fifth. The air was full of
the things. Redding stared at them. He
could smell danger. “What the hell—”
“Sid has turned them loose,” Gerry
Nash swiftly said. “They’re bred there
in the laboratory. There’s hundreds
of them in there and he’s turned them
all loose. I wonder why?”

  Uneasiness had crept into her voice.
“They can’t hurt us. They can’t touch
us. They won’t come near us—” Sud-
denly her voice was frantic.

  “Check your radio generator. Is it
working all right. Here! Let me have
it.”

  She jerked the cover from the little
aluminum box, held it to her ear. “It’s
dead. The batteries are worn out.
Mark! Mark! We’ve got to get under
cover. Those things—”

  “How about your generator?” he de-
manded.

  She fumbled inside her dress for it,
pulled it out, jerked the cover off.

  Her voice was hollow with fear.
“It’s dead too. Mark, this isn’t an
accident. Gulick did this. He changed
batteries on every miniature transmit-
ter on the island. He planned to turn
the gas balls loose and kill us all. He
was going to kill all of us toifight, in-
cluding me!”

  “Back inside the living quarters!”
Redding snarled. “Back while we have
the chance.”

CHAPTER VII

T)EFORE they reached the clearing
that served as a landing field for
the helicopter, a gas ball came up the
path behind them. They ducked into
the brush. It did not see them. Red-
ding watched it float on up the path. At
the clearing it zoomed high in the air,
hung poised there like a hawk watching
a rabbit on the ground below, then,
THE ISLE OF DOOM

103

again like a hawk, it dived straight
down, a flaming streak splitting the
darkness.

  The night was suddenly hideous with
the sound of a man screaming.

  “It got someone,” Redding whis-
pered.

  “Schultz or Wasser,” Gerry an-
swered. “Their radio transmitters
aren’t working either, but they didn’t
know it—until now!”

  The screams stopped as suddenly as
they had begun.

  “We—we should have warned them,”
Gerry whispered.

  “I should warn a Nazi he’s going
to die!” Redding grunted. “I spent
too long killing them, trying to keep
them from killing me, to care if the
gas balls get every damned Nazi on
earth. Come on. We’ve got to get
under cover.”

  Over the laboratory the darkness was
bright with the floating gas balls. They
had gone into a sort of a dance. The
darting, spinning, whirling luminous
balls would have been beautiful if they
had not been so monstrous.

  “Can he get those things back in the
cage after he’s turned them loose?”
Redding asked, as they slipped silently
toward the house.

  “Sometimes they come back. More
often they don’t. Once they’re turned
loose, they do what they please.”
“Well, all I can say is, with those
things loose, times are going to be
mighty tough in this swamp. There
will be dead hunters, dead trappers,
dead fishermen, from here to Miami.
When those things start running up in
the resorts, there will be the damnedest
stampede north this country ever saw! ”
“They won’t live long,” Gerry Nash
answered. “The first hard thunder-
storm will kill them. That’s something
Gulick never told the Nazis, you can
bet, when they came here to see what

he had. He took their money all right
but he didn’t tell Schultz and Wasser
that the violent electromagnetic dis-
turbances—static, you call it in your
radio—resulting from lightning tears
the gas balls to pieces. Lightning af-
fects them the same way the little radio
transmitters do. Radiations from the
little transmitters merely drive them
away. Lightning, being much stronger,
kills them. The first hard thunder-
storm that comes along will clear them
out of the swamp.”

  “Then all we have to do is pray for
rain,” Redding said, looking up. Over-
head a million stars sparkled in the
black vault of heaven. There was not
a cloud in sight.

  “Here’s the house. We’ll go in
through the kitchen and wake up Sam
and Frances and warn them.”

  In the kitchen they discovered they
would never warn the Negro cook and
his fat wife. Both were stretched cold
and lifeless on the floor. A swift ex-
amination disclosed what had hap-
pened. The protective miniature radio
transmitters each carried were dead.

  “If I needed anything to prove Gul-
ick planned to kill us all, this does it,”
Gerry Nash said slowly. “The bat-
teries in these little sets will last thir-
ty-six hours* There were two sets of
transmitters for everyone. We got a
fresh transmitter every evening at 6
o’clock. Daddy changed the batteries
every afternoon and brought the sets
up here for us to pick up. Every morn-
ing he took the old sets back to the lab-
oratory. All Gulick had to do was to
put worn-out batteries in the sets, then
turn the gas balls loose. We would
never know we didn’t have any protec-
tion—until we were dead.”

"O EDDING carefully closed the
kitchen door. “Well, we’re here.
The gas balls can’t get in. Gulick is
104

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

down at the laboratory. I’ll bet the bat-
teries in his protective transmitter are
all right. Somewhere outside there is
one dead Nazi and one live Nazi who
probably has a machine pistol. We
can’t go outside. Gulick can’t come
inside, not while I have a gun. The
gas balls can’t come in either. Is there
food and water in here?”

  “Plenty of both,” Gerry said.

  “Then all we have to do is stay in-
side until the next thunderstorm kills
off the gas balls. After they’re gone,
I can go outside and give Sidney Gulick
a le^on in stalking. Oh, no. Too bad
you can’t come in but the windows and
doors are closed.”

  He was speaking to the gas ball that
had come up to the window. It hung
in the darkness outside the panes of
glass like a cat at a rat hole.

  “Sure, I’ll admit I’m a rat,” Redding
murmured. “But even rats like to stay
alive.”

  Spang! Off in the night a rifle barked.
Before he heard the sound of the gun,
Redding heard something more horrible
—the tinkle of broken glass.

  The bullet hit the opposite wall. Red-
ding ignored it. In front of his eyes, a
window pane had exploded. The gas
ball was already moving toward the
opening left by the broken glass.

  Redding grabbed Gerry Nash, jerked
her through the door that led into the
butler’s pantry. From the pantry a sec-
ond door opened into the dining room.
They stood in the hot stuffy darkness,
scarcely daring to breathe. Through
the closed kitchen door they could hear
the hiss of high pressure steam escap-
ing. The gas ball had entered the
kitchen.

  Off in the darkness the rifle barked
again. Again the explosion was followed
by the rattle of breaking glass.

  “It’s Gulick,” Redding breathed. “He

knows we’re in here. He’s shooting out

the windows, so the gas balls can come
in and get us.”

  Gerry Nash’s frightened breathing
was the only sound.

  Again the rifle spoke.

  “Why I didn’t kill him when I had
the chance, I’ll never know,” Redding
whispered. “He stays out there and
shoots the windows out, and we stay
in here and wait. Sooner or later he’s
bound to knock the window out of this
pantry—”

  He didn’t want to think what would
happen after that.

  “Will a bullet stop those gas balls?”
he questioned.

  He felt rather than saw the shake of
her head.

  “Will anything stop them?” he con-
tinued.

  “Nothing on earth except radio fre-
quency radiations.”

  Redding sighed. He could feel sweat
running down his face, he could feel it
running down his chest.

  He opened the door to the kitchen a
crack, peeped through, hastily slammed
it shut.

  “It’s still out there,” he said.

  “I know,” Gerry answered. “I can
hear it.”

  “Gerry, what are those things? Where
did they come from? Maybe, if you
tell me all about them, I can think of
something.”

  “They are, or their remote ancestors
were, will-o’-the-wisps,” Gerry Nash
said. “My father—I guess you don’t
know about him—was a scientist, one
of the greatest of them all. He was a
biologist who spent his life investigating
life forms. It was his hope, his dream,
that new life forms were still evolving
here on earth. Somewhere in some
swamp he thought he could find a place
where life was coming into existence,
where inert atoms were building up into
live molecules, the molecules in turn
THE ISLE OF DOUm

105

building up into complex living sub-
stance. That’s all life is—a subtle elec-
tro-chemical reaction. I’m talking of
the mechanics of living matter now, not
the spirit. He didn’t find what he was
seeking but he did discover the will-o’-
the-wisps.”

rJ''HE rifle barked again, talking of
exploding violence in the darkness.
The tinkle of falling glass answered the
report of the gun.

  “Go on,” Redding urged. As long as
she talked, she wouldn’t be thinking.

  “Will-o’-the-wisps have been seen
around swamps for centuries. Supersti-
tious people thought they were ghosts.
Another explanation was that they were
balls of marsh gas. My father found
a few of them here and began to study
them. He discovered the things were
alive.”

  “The devil!” Redding said.

  “They’re really not gas at all,” Gerry
Nash continued. “They’re charged elec-
tric fields and they’re true parasites in
that they draw the source of their en-
ergy from living creatures. They kill
by sucking every tiny bit of electrical
energy out of living bodies. My father
spent years studying them. By careful
breeding he managed to develop a new
strain, much more agile and more dead-
ly than the original will-o’-the-wisps.
He wasn’t trying to create a deadly kill-
er; he was just trying to find out how
the things worked. They can move
against gravity: he wanted to know how
they did that. They are intelligent in
some weird way: he wanted to know
how their intelligence worked. It was
his dream that by studying the will-o’-
the-wisps he could make a great and
lasting contribution to human prog-
ress.”

  She sounded very sad. Something of
her father’s dream was in her. Outside
in the night every crack of Gulick’s ri-

fle was bringing closer the time when
her father’s life work would destroy her.
Roger Nash had never dreamed of that!

  “I’m sprry,” Redding said softly. “I
see now why Jim thought your father
was a wonderful man. I wish I could
have known him.”

  “You would have loved him.”

  The rifle cracked again. Gulick had
moved around to the other side of the
house and was breaking the windows
there. He didn’t know in what room
they were hiding. He only knew they
were somewhere inside the building. If
he broke all the windows, he couldn’t
miss.

  “I’ve been thinking,” Redding said.
“There’s a table here. Why can’t I use
it to board up the window. Then when
he breaks it, our little friends won’t
come boiling through. Will that help us
any, do you think?”

  “Mark! Why didn’t I think of that
instead of sitting here like a ninny!
Of course it will help. They can’t go
through any solid substance.”

  Working frantically, he tore the top
from the table, fitted it against the win-
dow. Boards from the cupboard plugged
up the openings at the sides and the
top.

  They settled down in the darkness to
wait. Even if the gas balls couldn’t get
into the room, Redding knew their fate
was only a question of time.

  Crack! The window in the pantry
tinkled as a bullet hit it. Gulick had
moved back to their side of the house.
They could hear the soft hiss of the
gas balls outside, could catch vague
glimpses of them in the cracks around
the window, but the hideous monstrosi-
ties could not get into the room.

  Redding sighed. He began to hope
they would see the sun rise again.

  The rifle was silent. Now and then
they could hear Gulick moving around
outside. They kept as quiet as mice.
106

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

Then Redding smelled smoke.

  “I’ve been thinking,” Gerry Nash
said. “Sam always kept a flashlight
here in the pantry.”

  Redding wasn’t listening. He sniffed
again. There was no mistaking the
odor. Now he could hear the faint
crackle of flames

  “Gerry,” he whispered. “Gulick has
set the building on fire. We’re not only
rats in a trap but the trap is going to
turn into a furnace.”

VIII

'T^'HE odor of smoke was strong in the
  room now.

“I’m going out there,” Redding said.
“I can outrun those gas balls, or dodge
them, long enough to get Gulick—”
“Wait a minute,” the girl protested.
“We don’t have many minutes left,”
he answered.

  “Let me see! Dad used tiny little
cells no bigger than a lead pencil. He
used two of them in each set. They
furnished three volts—”

  Redding rose to his feet. “We’re go-
ing out,” he said.

  “We can’t go out, not without protec-
tion from the gas balls.”

  “We can’t stay here, not without as-
bestos suits,” he grimly answered.
“But I tell you Sam—”

  There were shelves on each side of
the pantry. She was rummaging through
them.

  “Light a match,” she whispered.
“Quick!”

  Redding lit the match. Gerry
snatched at the flashlight the flickering
flame revealed, squealed with joy.
“Mark! Give me your miniature trans-
mitter. There isn’t a second to lose.
Quick! Give it to me.”

  She snatched it from his fingers, tore
her fingernails prying the cover off.
“Light another match. Keep on light-

ing them. Find a piece of paper and
light it. I’ve got to see.”

  There was a magazine lying on the
shelf over the cabinets. Redding
snatched a page from it, rolled it into a
tube, lit the end. By the tiny light from
this flickering torch, he watched what
Gerry Nash was doing.

  From clips inside the miniature trans-
mitter, she gently removed two little
dry cells, each about as big as a pencil
and about half an inch in length. Then
she screwed the end from the flashlight,
slid the cells out of it, and Redding real-
ized what she was trying to do.

  Gerry was trying to substitute the
good cells from the flashlight for the
dead cells in the protective radio trans-
mitter.

  “Good girl!” Redding whispered. “If
that will only work! But how are you
going to fit those flashlight batteries
into the transmitter? They’re three
times as big as the little cells that came
out, too big to fit inside the case.”

  “I’m going to tape them on the out-
side of the case and run wires from
them to the terminals on the inside.
Tape? I haven’t any tape! ” She glanced
frantically around the room. “I’ve got
to have something— Mark! Give me
your shirt. I’ll tear strips from it. Here,
I’ll hold the light.”

  Redding probably bettered the
world’s record in getting his coat and
shirt off. She snatched it from his hands,
ripped inch-wide strips from it.

  Smoke was flowing through the
cracks in the door that led to the kitch-
en. Gulick had set the fire at the back
end of the house. Through the cracks
at the window, Redding was beginning
to catch glimpses of the trees outside.
The air in the pantry was getting
hot and heavy with smoke. Redding
coughed, rolled another page of paper
into a tube, lit the end. Gerry Nash
worked.
THE ISLE OF DOOM

107

  This girl was a first-class technician.
She didn’t have any tools except a
bobby pin and a knife that Redding
supplied but she knew her way around
inside the miniature transmitter. Red-
ding realized she must have had a first-
class technical education. In addition,
she had unquestionably helped her fa-
ther with his experiments.

  She needed wire. Six inches of wire
was enough but there was no wire in
the pantry. She got the wire she needed
from her own protective transmitter.
“Hey!” Redding protested.

CHE didn’t answer. Taping two of
the flashlight cells to the back of the
little aluminum case, she tied the con-
tacts into place, held the device to her
ear. A soft, almost out of hearing hum,
was dimly audible. Her eyes glinted.
“It works,” she said.

  Slipping the cover into place, she
bound it into position with another
strip of cloth, then handed the gener-
ator to Redding.

  “Here,” she said.

  Redding stared at her. “What about
your generator?” he demanded. “What
about fixing it up too?”

  “There are only enough batteries for
one. Anyhow I had to use wire out of
mine to fix this one. You take it. It
will protect you. I’ll try to slip out—”
“Not this century!” Redding explod-
ed. “I go out and save my neck and
you stay here and burn to death! ”

  “I’ll be all right, Mark. I feel I let
you get into this—”

  “You let me get into this!”

  “Yes. I didn’t have to bring you out
here. I could have come back and said
I couldn’t find you.”

  “Gerry,” Redding said softly. “Re-
mind me sometime to tell you what I
think of you. Right now all I can say
is you’re talking nonsense. We’re in
this together. Together, you under-

stand. Will this generator protect both
of us?”

  “Yes, but—”

  “But what?”

  “We’ll have to stay within two or
three feet .of each other. We’ll be tied
together. I’ll be like a ball and chain
around you. You can’t move without
me—”

  “I can’t imagine anything I would
like better. Come on.”

  “But Gulick is out there. You’ll have
to move freely.”

  “So Gulick is out there,” Redding an-
swered. “And he has a gun.” There
was a thoughtful note in his voice. He
reached for his coat, took out of the
pocket the gun he had taken from Gu-
lick at the helicopter. “Here. You take
this gun. You take the generator. If I
get shot. . . . No, don’t try to argue
me out of it. The generator ties us to-
gether. If I get shot, you run. You’ll
have a chance this way.”

  He pressed the protective transmit-
ter into one hand, the gun into the other.
She took the pistol readily enough but
she didn’t want to take the generator.
Redding pushed open the door that led
to the dining room. A gas ball swirled
toward him.

  He faced the luminous monstrosity.
There was no point in trying to evade
it. If the hastily improvised transmitter
wouldn’t protect them, they might as
well die now.

  The ball darted at them. Then, as it
felt the subtle radiations from the little
transmitter, it shot up to the ceiling,
pulled back from them.

  Redding sighed. “We’re over that
hurdle,” he whispered. “Come on.”
They went out the front door of the
building. Flames leaping high over the
kitchen threw grotesque dancing shad-
ows on the ground. A gas ball saw them,
darted at them, drew back before the
radiations from the transmitter, fol-
108

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

lowed along above them. Trying to keep
in the shadow from the burning build-
ing, they raced for the trees, running
hand in hand. If Gulick saw them, he
did not chance a shot in their direction.

  They reached the trees, dived out of
sight among them.

  “Gerry!” Redding exulted. “We’ve
made it! We’re out of the furnace and
we’ve got protection from the gas
balls.”

  “ ’Alten! ” a harsh voice said near
them. “Don’t move. A machine pistol
covering you I have got! ”

  “Schultz!” Gerry Nash gasped.

  The Nazi agent was invisible in the
darkness but Redding did not doubt the
machine pistol was trained on them.

  “Hah!” the Nazi grunted. “Those
guns, drop.”

  Redding hesitated.

  “I shoot!”

J^EDDING let his pistol slide from
his hand. He heard Gerry’s gun
thud softly on the ground.

  “Hah! Waiting I have been for Gu-
lick to roast you two out of there. You,
Geraldine, you I want. You can fly the
plane.”

  “Schultz!” Gerry Nash gasped. “I
thought—”

  “You thought I was dead? No. Was-
ser is dead. When I saw him die, I real-
ized something was wrong. Only a min-
ute was needed to detect what it was.
Then, naturally, I substituted flashlight
batteries the dead cells for.”

  The German was no fool. He, too,
had discovered that his protection was
gone and had taken steps to remedy
that defect.

  “Now, we must go,” Schultz contin-
ued. “But first, Geraldine, stand aside
for one moment.”

  “What?”

  “Stand aside.”

  “What for?”

  “He wants you to stand aside so he
can shoot me,” Redding said. “He
doesn’t want the helicopter overbur-
dened. Well—”

  Crack!

  Off in the darkness Gulick’s rifle
spoke again.

  The bullet pinged within feet of them.

  Schultz let go with the machine pis-
tol, firing at the flash of Gulick’s rifle.
The rifle bullet had startled him. Auto-
matically, without stopping to think, he
answered the shot.

  Like a leaping cat, Redding dived at
him. The flash of the pistol revealed
where Schultz was hiding. Aiming at
the hand that held the gun, he struck
downward with all the strength in his
arms.

  He hit the Nazi’s wrist, knocked the
gun from his hand.

  “Donneir—”

  Redding was behind him, one arm
around his throat, yanking him back-
ward. They fell heavily.

  The miracle was that the fall did not
break Schultz’ neck. It didn’t. It didn’t
break Redding’s hold either. It enabled
him to jerk his elbow up under the Ger-
man’s chin, lock his hands together in
the terrible strangle hold that is either
broken quickly or has only one ending.

  Schultz arched his back, tried to leap
upward. He tried to kick backward, he
clawed fiercely at Redding, pulled his
hair, tried to find an eye to gouge. His
breath was coming in great gasping
sobs. Redding held grimly on. His bi-
ceps muscle was directly across the
other’s windpipe. He tightened his
grip. Schultz stopped breathing, then
a little by little he stopped struggling,
and lay still. Redding held on. Only
when the other’s body was dead weight
in his arms did he release his grip.

  “Gerry?”

  “Yes.”

  “Stay here with this monkey. If he
THE ISLE OF DOOM

109

revives, crack him on the head with
your gun.”

 Redding was already searching
through the Nazi’s clothes for the pro-
tective transmitter. He found it. Flash-
light batteries were wired across the
back. He searched for the gun he had
dropped, found it.

  “Remember, if he moves, bop him.
Let him have it, hard,” he said.

  “I’ll keep him quiet,” she promised.

  Redding disappeared into the dark-
ness.

  “Good luck,” her whisper followed
him.

  There, Redding thought, is a woman!
She didn’t ask him any questions, she
didn’t try to hold him back. She said,
“Good luck,” and let him go, and she
knew where he was going.

HPHE whole back end of the living
quarters was on fire now, the crack-
ling flames curling upward in long
tongues of yellow blaze. The gas balls
seemed to be attracted to the fire. They
were circulating over the entire area,
globes of light revealed them drifting
above the trees, slipping along a foot
above the ground, but always they came
back to the burning house as though
fascinated by the heat or the light. They
never entered the flames but occasion-
ally one would dart upward with a
tongue of blaze. They seemed to think
the flames were alive, and possibly prey.

  Redding watched the weird dance
around the house. He shivered, then
turned resolutely away. Somewhere
within a circle not over two hundred
yards in diameter, was Gulick. If he
was looking for Gulick, Gulick was also
looking for him.

 In a hard school, Redding had
learned to crawl silently. Keeping flat
on the ground, he slipped away from
the burning house. He wanted to get
out into the darkness and look in to-

ward the blaze. Then, when the bio-
chemist moved, his body would be sil-
houetted against the flame, an easy tar-
get. Once he had located the biochem-
ist, the stalk could begin.

  Fallen logs, wiry grass, brush, barred
his way. He crawled over or around
the logs, the grass he crawled through,
the brush he went around. Always he
used his fingers to feel the way ahead
of him. They were sensitive antennae,
revealing obstructions, enabling him to
move in absolute silence.

  Under an old pine tree his probing
fingers revealed a six-inch in diameter
fallen limb ahead of him. A split sec-
ond before the limb moved, he knew
this limb hadn’t fallen from any tree.
It wasn’t a limb. It was a man’s leg.

  Gulick had been sitting with his back
against the pine tree, quietly waiting for
his enemy to reveal himself outlined
against the light of the burning house.
Redding had crawled directly into him
before either realized the other’s pres-
ence.

  Redding’s pistol flashed upward.

  Gulick kicked him in the face.

  Redding dropped the pistol. He dived
at Gulick’s legs. The rifle thundered
over his shoulder as he hit. His arms
went around the biochemist’s middle.

  Gulick grunted. He tried to strike
downward with the rifle barrel but Red-
ding’s head was buried in his chest, too
close to use the barrel. He used the
butt. Stars exploded inside Redding’s
head. He held on, shoved forward.

  Gulick tripped, fell. Redding landed
on top of him. The gun flew out of
Gulick’s hands. His fingers reached
for Redding’s eyes. Redding’s fingers
closed around his throat.

'C'OR a man with fat on him, Gulick
had amazing strength. He grabbed
Redding’s wrists, broke the grip on his
throat. Threshing on the ground, they
110

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

struggled in the darkness. Each knew
that no quarter would be asked and
none given. Redding could hear Gulick
breathing heavily. The biochemist
rolled. Redding ended up on the bot-
tom. Gulick tried to jerk loose. He
managed to get to his feet. Redding
realized the biochemist was trying to
get away. He grabbed him around the
legs, threw him heavily.

  Gulick grunted. Redding grabbed
him around the middle. In the side
pocket of Gulick’s coat, he could feel a
hard flat object like a cigarette case.

  Gulick never did know what hap-
pened. To him, it seemed that he was
able to wrench free from the arms that
were holding him. Freedom was what
he was seeking. He had lost his rifle
but there was another rifle in the lab-
oratory. He knew he didn’t have a
chance in a rough and tumble fight
against the iron-hard man who fought
so silently and with such ferocious
strength. If he could get away and get
the rifle—

  When he managed to wrench himself
free, he ran, stumbling through the
darkness. Suddenly shots sounded be-
hind him. Heavy slugs drilled the air
around him, thudded into trees,
screamed as they bounced off. He knew
Redding had found a gun and was
shooting at him. He ran faster.

  The gas ball came down from over
the trees and dropped on him. He
screamed. And screamed again.

Amazed, incredulous terror was in those
screams. The gas ball fastened on to
him, seeped into his body—

  Redding lowered the smoking pistol.
He listened to the screams. He saw a
second gas ball follow the first, a third
follow the second. Then they came in
droves, diving downward like hawks
screaming after their prey.

  The screams sobbed into sudden
silence.

  Redding stood without moving. He
looked down at the little flat cigarette
case in his hand. It was a protective
radio transmitter. He had stolen it
from Gulick’s pocket while they were
struggling.

  “He never knew I had it,” he whis-
pered. “He never knew I had his pro-
tection. ... I wonder if he ever knew
he got exactly what was coming to
him—”

  Flames from the burning house
leaped higher into the sky. Most of the
gas balls had left the flames now. They
were all clustered around a certain spot
off at the edge of the darkness. Redding
watched in silence, then turned and
walked back to where Gerry Nash wait-
ed. He walked erect, making no effort
to move quietly. She was still waiting.
* * *

  Later, when the helicopter lifted from
the swamp island, the flames from the
burned house had died down. Off to-
ward the east another brighter fire was
burning—the rising sun.

catching the akuaku

*	By FRAN FERRIS	*

EASTER ISLAND, in its early existence,
shared the luck of most all Polynesia in be-
ing completely free from most diseases. Can-
nibalism had given them a fairly good knowledge
of their inner anatomy, and their treatment of
wounds received in battle was quite effective. Be-
sides injuries they had little to worry about ex-

cept indigestion, the result of poor eating habits.
Like all other Polynesians, they had no resistance
against disease brought by the white man. Small-
pox practically obliterated them, then came social
diseases and tuberculosis to help fill their burial
cairns. They were without adequate medical at-
tention till recently when they stocked a few
CATCHING THE AKUAKU

111

staple remedies. But they were shy about tak-
ing white man’s medicine, and were worse off
psychologically than when they were depending
solely on a sorcerer to fight off death and disease
which they thought was traceable to one common
influence, the akuakus, or evil spirits.

  The soothsayers agreed that the best way to get
rid of the akuaku was to lure him into a hole
and catch him in a net. If they got him out of
the house the patient was able to survive, but if
the patient died they knew they had failed to trap
the akuaku. Other sorcerers had a little different
technique which usually had better results. They
didn’t believe in catching the akuaku in a hole
away from the house of the patient because it
gave him too much chance to get away from
even the most skillful soothsayer. So their idea
was to remove the patient from his house to a
shelter previously arranged, or if the weather
permitted, into the open air. Then after much
hocus-pocus, they would hang nets over the en-

trance to the house and burn it down. Very few
akuakus ever survived. The patient would most
always get better for being moved into the sun-
shine or into a clean shelter.

  Feasting was a principal part in celebrating the
dead as it was in all other religious activities of
the island. After all the food was eaten, the
body was wrapped in bark cloth and braided
grass and carried to a ahu, or burial cairn, and
laid on a temporary table of sticks. Members of
the family took up positions on each side of the
ahu to watch night and day over the remains.
This precaution was practical as well as cere-
monious, as sometimes a skull might be stolen
and used for minor sorcery. After a few days
of this, the distant relatives went home and only
the immediate family kept watch, night and day,
till the body had dried and fallen apart. The
bones were then gathered up and thrown into a
cairn and the period of mourning was officially
over.

THE TUNNEL OF LOVE

★	By H. R. STANTON

TWO hundred and sixty-five years have
passed since the death of Nell Gwyn,
toast of the London stage and mistress to
King Charles II, still every now and then some-
thing happens to bring back her memory. Such
was the case when recently a workman who was
loosening bomb-blasted stones at Windsor Guild-
hall poked his pneumatic drill into an unknown
secret of the romantic couple. The drill plunged
into space hurling the workman to the ground.
It seems that he had broken into a tunnel that
led from the king’s castle to Nell Gwyn’s home.
When the tunnel was cleared of debris, it exposed
an archway of Spanish marble, with walls of the
800 foot passage built of tooled limestone. The
tunnel was four feet wide and seven feet high.
At the other end was another marble archway
fifteen feet under the site of another demolished
house. This was the second tunnel known to
have been used by the romantic king to make
his visits to the beautiful first lady of the stage.
The other was discovered during the war in the
Chelsea section. It connected two other mansions
that were occupied by the king and Nell from
time to time. One end of the Chelsea tunnel
starts at Sanford Manor House, where Nell Gwyn
supported her mother until 1679, when the old
lady, intoxicated, accidentally drowned herself. The
other end of the tunnel is under the turf of the
Horticultural Ground of Royal Hospital, once the
site of one of King Charles’s castles. This passage
was also revealed by a Nazi bomb. King Charles
was the playboy of his day, and he made sure
that he would never be cut off from his sweet

Nell no matter where the affairs of State called
him.

  Nell Gwyn could not read or write. She was
bom in an alley leading off Drury Lane, and
neighbors took the mother and babe in. Nell
became what we might call a cigarette girl, only
she sold oranges at the Drury Lane Theatre.
She was enticingly beautiful and soon became
a favorite with the night crowds. She was offered
a role in the theatre and made good. She was
courted by nobles four times her age before she
was sixteen. Then when King Charles attended
a command performance, she stole his heart. She
was always true to him although he could never
marry her because she was a commoner. She
kept her good temper and charming smile, and
apparently was satisfied with her lot—the privi-
lege of a girl born in a gutter rising to become
the king’s favorite. She bore him two sons
which he took care of in style. On his death
bed, King Charles asked his brother to take care
of Nell and the boys. King James kept his
promise and paid Nell’s debts from the Secret
Service funds and educated her sons.

  Historians describe Nell as the most beloved
of the King’s many favorites, and say that she
never tried to influence the Prime Ministers, but
that she did induce Charles to create a founda-
tion for today’s Chelsea Hospital.

  Nell died at the age of 36. She was buried
in the churchyard of St. Martin-in-the-Fields.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, who preached her
sermon, had much to say in her favor.

*	* *

EVENSONG

by JOHN and DOROTHY de COURCY

HE skyline unmarred by barrage balloons,

the sounds of birds and breeze and insects

untainted by the undertone of aircraft en-
gines, all were balm to Cliff Chamberlain’s soul.

“It’s good to sit in a park that isn’t criss-crossed
with slit trenches,” Cliff thought.

Cliff had had enough of war. The flight surgeon
had thought so too and so, after five years, Cliff sat in
the park, a dexter eagle stitched to the breast of his
uniform. His body was unscarred. Cliff’s scars
were invisible. To be sure, they could be seen when
you noticed the tremor of his hands or the slightly
dazed opacity of his eyes. His was the face of a
man who had too often joked about death in an
attempt to minimize his fear.

Once, Cliff had been a violinist but now, a rosined
bow would feel alien in his hands. He hadn’t played
114

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

since the night he and Peggy had parted.

  “If she’d only written me one let-
ter!” Cliff muttered. “She doesn’t
care about me. I’ve GOT to forget
her. I’ve GOT to start all over again.
Living seems so senseless, so futile!”
They had been happy together until
that night five years ago. Then, for no
reason, it had all ended. Cliff couldn’t
even remember what they had quar-
reled about. She just left the house
and he waited two days for her to re-
turn. When she didn’t Cliff joined the
Army.

  He had just come from the house.
Peggy had been there recently. It was
just as he had left it. Anyone could
have cleaned it but somehow, Cliff
knew Peg had done it. The only thing
that had been taken from the house was
the concerto. '

 “Why not?” Cliff shrugged. “I
wrote it for Peg.”

  He had left the house hurriedly after
staying only a few minutes. He was
afraid to see Peggy now. Maybe some-
day, when his fingers stopped trem-
bling--. Cliff tried to think of other

things. The thoughts of Peggy and his
former happiness hurt too much.

  The sun was low on the horizon and
the air was losing its pleasant warmth.
Cliff stood up and stretched. He lit a
cigarette and started walking out of
the park.

  “Exit Cliff Chamberlain, the virtu-
oso! Enter Cliff Chamberlain, the
mechanic, the plumber, the grocery
clerk!” he snorted.

  Cliff turned suddenly. He must be
wrong! No. He heard it again 1 A
violin playing softly some melody
strange to him! He stifled the twinge
in his breast. Cliff was tempted to
leave the park as quickly as he could
but he didn’t. Slowly, hesitantly, he
walked toward the source of the music.
The violin broke off abruptly but be-

gan the same strain again, familiar, yet
unfamiliar, like a name almost but not
quite remembered.

  It reminded Cliff of the way Peggy
used to hum when she was working
around the house. He wrenched his
thoughts away from Peggy. Almost
viciously, he ground out his cigarette
under his heel. He stood silently, try-
ing to concentrate on the music, striv-
ing to shut out the image of Peggy’s
face. But her memory came back as
persistently as did the few bars played
on the violin. He could feel the soft-
ness of her hair against his cheek;
hear her asking again, “What’s bother-
ing my little genius?”

  “Stop it! Stop it!” he growled.

^GAIN, he forced his mind to the
theme, sought to label it, but it
was no use! Resolutely, Cliff strode
down the path toward the music. He
rounded a turn and saw an elderly man
on a bench fingering his violin in medi-
tation. Beside him was an open port-
folio filled with scoring paper.

  “I hope you’ll pardon me for intrud-
ing,” Cliff began, “but I can’t seem to
place that melody.”

  The elderly man looked up.

  Cliff started slightly and exclaimed,
“Jacob Sari!”

  A quick flash of recognition illumi-
nated Jacob Sari’s face. “Veil, veil,
veil! Clifford Chamberlain! And in
the army too!”

  “WAS in the army,” Cliff corrected.
“I’ve been out for three days.”

  “Dat’s fine, my boy,” said Jacob
Sari, extending his hand. “My but
you’re looking good! I guess it is dat
army food, yah? You are looking like
an athlete rather dan a musician!”
Cliff released the old man’s hand,
smiling. “I feel more like an athlete
too,” he admitted. “Oh by the way,
what was that you were playing?”
EVENSONG

Ilf)

  “Oh dat? Dat is a new composition
dat I hope to play next month at my
final concert. It is not yet complete,
but you like it?”

  “Very much,” Cliff replied earnestly.
“I come to vat you call the turning
point. Vat I need now is a truly in-
spired theme. Then I can complete it.
Maybe you like to hear de last part,
yah? It is not long.”

  “Would you play it please?” Cliff
asked.

  “Gladly, gladly!” Jacob Sari replied,
his face wreathed in smiles. “Dis is de
andante,” he added unnecessarily.

  Delicately, the old man’s fingers be-
gan to extract music, great music from
his instrument. Cliff was swept back
into his old life. He lived and breathed
with the music. He listened with an
appreciation that only a musician can
possess. Then jarringly he fell back
to the world where he was Cliff Cham-
berlain, the washed out pilot, the man
who hadn’t played for years.

  Suddenly Jacob Sari stopped. “In
here it is dat I should insert de great
theme. Then I would play vat you just
heard. After dat, I bring back de yet
unwritten theme and build it up and
elaborate on it until it reaches de cres-
endo!” The old man paused and
laughed heartily. “All dat I need now
is a great composer to write de great
theme, yah?”

  Cliff frowned. “What should the
theme express?”

  “Just people,” Jacob Sari answered.
“Dat’s vat it is all written about.
People! People being born, people
vorking, people playing, people grow-
ing old and people dying. I thought
maybe de theme would express sort of
de eternal hope or maybe de striving
for someting better. You tink dat’s a
good idea, yah?”

  “I don’t think the average person
has too much to hope for,” Cliff said

dejectedly and unhappily.

JACOB SARI shook his head. “Dat’s
a defeatist attitude. Dere is al-
ways hope! Look even at me. I am
an old man but I still have hope! You
are young and have a brilliant career
ahead of you! You have a wife and
maybe even a little Clifford by now!”
Cliff’s face was white. “Margaret
and I aren’t together anymore. We—
separated—when—I joined the army.”
Jacob Sari was pained. “Oh, I am
sorry. I did not know or I would haf
said nothing. Please forgive me! I am
getting old and sometimes I talk too
much.”

  “—It’s not your fault,” Cliff sighed.
“You couldn’t possibly have known.”
“I see now why you tink dere is no
hope left in de world! But maybe you
get along anyway. I vas very sad once
ven I vas young but I vas able to find
comfort in my music. Maybe dat’s
why I became a violinist.”

  Cliff laughed harshly. “I’m afraid
you’ve got me even there!” He ex-
tended his hands to Jacob Sari. “Look
at these!” The shaking was pro-
nounced now. “I couldn’t even HOLD
a violin!”

  For a moment the air seemed thick,
then Jacob Sari stirred.

  “I admit you haf a problem dere but
would you not be worse off if you vere
deaf like Beethoven?”

  “Could I be worse off?”

  “I am not a doctor! I would not
know,” Sari argued. “I only know
vat my ears tell me.” He picked up his
violin, plucked the strings tentatively
and placed it in Cliff’s lap. “You
play!” he commanded, “den maybe I
agree with you.”

  Cliff’s face would have been no dif-
ferent had Jacob Sari put a snake in his
lap. “I can’t!” he began. “It would
be terrible! I’m not like a beginner.
116

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

I KNOW how I should playl And I
know I can’t! Look at my hands!
Automatic vibrato!”

  “No arguments! Play!” the older
man said sternly.

  “But I haven’t any music,” Cliff pro-
tested. “And I don’t remember a thing!
Honestly, I don’t!”

  Silently Jacob Sari handed to Cliff
his folio of music paper. Cliff
shrugged and opened it at random. He
tucked the violin under his chin and
withdrew it, shaking his head.

  “No Jacob! It’s no use! I’m just
not a violinist anymore.”

  “Prove it!” Sari insisted. “I don’t
believe you until you prove it! All
dis talk means nothing to Jacob Sari’s
ears!”

  Cliff raised the bow and touched it
to the strings. Gingerly, he began to
play.

  A moment later Jacob Sari waved
his hand. “Stop! Dat is terrible!”
“Well I warned you,” Cliff sighed.
“You warned me of nothing! You
can play but you are thinking about
your fingers! Could a centipede walk
if he thought about his legs?”

  “I can’t help it! I just can’t play
anymore! ”

  “Dat’s nonsense!” Jacob Sari re-
torted angrily. “You have written
good music. Play something of your
own. Vat it is, I don’t care!”

  “I can’t remember any of the things
I’ve written. Only a few opening bars
of my concerto.”

  “Dat’s enough! Play dose. Maybe
den you remember morel”

  Cliff shrugged again. Haltingly at
first, he started to play his concerto.
Peggy’s concerto! He made a mistake.

  “Stop looking at me!” Jacob Sari
ordered. “Look out dere at de sunset!”

/^LIFF turned and looked. Again
he began the concerto. Gradually

he forget his fingers. This was Peggy’s
concerto. He felt almost sacreligious.
The music with the memories it re-
called brought her back to him. He
played to her from his heart.

  Without realizing it, Cliff was play-
ing music he hadn’t thought of for five
years. Music he didn’t think he would
ever remember.

  “Largo,” he thought. “Slow and
stately.”

  It was sad. His whole being was
crying out through the violin for Peg-
gy. The feeling, the soul of the music
was almost tangible.

  Sari leaned forward on the bench,
his lips parted, his eyes bright with
excitement. “Wunderbar!” he whis-
pered to himself. Like any musician,
his own mind was filling in the or-
chestral accompaniment.

  Swiftly, Cliff’s fingers were losing the
stiffness imposed on them by time.
Behind Jacob Sari, others were gather-
ing, onlookers, passers by, captivated
by the magic this tall soldier was creat-
ing. The music swelled. It tugged at
people’s hearts. It brought back mem-
ories of youthful courtship; it painted
a picture of a beautiful world. Some of
the listeners were musicians; some
were not. But all were caught by the
spell. Cliff’s music lived, it laughed,
it cried.

  Jacob Sari’s eyes were closed now.
This was a thing apart from ordinary
music.

  It was almost dark when Cliff
stopped at the end of the second move-
ment.

  Jacob Sari’s eyes opened. “Gott!”
he murmured. “I would give my life
to play dat concerto at my concert!”

  Cliff’s eyes clouded. “I—I—don’t
have the music,” he stammered. “It
—it—would—take too long to re-
orchestrate it.”

  “Never mind dat now!” Jacob Sari
EVENSONG

117

almost shouted. “Play de finale. I
vill not move until I haf heard de
rest!”

  Again Cliff played. The spectators
didn’t move. The magnificence of the
finale outshadowed the preceding
movements but it brought pain to
Cliff’s heart. In this movement, he
had expressed his love for Peg. His
eyes were wet and a tear trickled down
his cheek. This music wasn’t TO Peg,
he thought. It was Peg!

  The last traces of bitterness and re-
sentment were washed away. In their
places was left an emptiness that could
only be filled by Peggy.

  “I’ll find her wherever she is,” Cliff
decided. “I’ll crawl on my hands and
knees and tell her what a blind, stupid
fool I’ve been.”

  He smiled and joyous happiness was
reflected in the music. Then it was
over.

  Jacob Sari opened his eyes. “Dat
music! Dat music!! I haf got to haf
it! I postpone my concert! Any-
ting!”

  Cliff stood for a moment still facing
the darkened horizon, savoring his
peace and happiness. He was startled
by a rustle of applause. He turned
and saw his audience for the first time.
Even as Cliff watched, the small group
of onlookers melted away. All but one.
She came forward. Cliff struggled to
find his voice. Even in the semi-dark-
ness, he knew her.

  “Peggy,” he said hoarsely.

  Hesitantly, Peggy held forth a
leather folio. “I—I—came—back—
to return—your concerto. I just hap-
pened-.”

  Cliff ignored the portfolio and
gathered her into his arms. Her body
was rigid for an instant, then desper-
ately, she clung to him.

  Jacob Sari paid no attention to them.
He picked up the fallen concerto and

held it under one arm as though it
might escape. He sat down on the
bench again, running his fingers up and
down the seam of the folio.

  “By golly! If he can play like dat,
maybe it is a good ting dis is my last
concert! ”

  Reluctantly he lay the concerto down
and replaced his violin in the case. The
wind rustled the leaves of his own com-
position which lay beside him. He dis-
gustedly closed the cover and dropped
it into his briefcase, his nose wrinkling
as though the paper emitted an un-
pleasant odor. He glanced over his
shoulder at Cliff and Peggy dimly re-
vealed against the starlit sky.

  “I give dem another §ve minutes,”
he mumbled. “Den we go eat. Even
geniuses got to eat!”

COON, the park was deserted except
for two beings. They had been be-
side Cliff ever since his arrival at the
park. Cliff had not seen them, nor had
anyone else. Once, Cliff had even
walked through the space occupied by
the smaller of the two. The larger,
Lanis Am, finally spoke. It was not
speech, as men understand the term,
but a voiceless, soundless, communica-
tion.

  “Do you understand why I have
caused all this to come to pass!”

  The other concentrated for a mo-
ment. “Not completely, My Teacher.
I know that behind this lies a greater
purpose but that purpose is not yet
clear.”

  “In time, you would understand,”
Lanis explained, “but to make this
illustration more clear, I shall tell you
now. Soon, a man will listen to the
concerto and be swayed by it. Through
it, he will begin to understand the
principal of love. This man now plans
to murder his best friend. He will
change his mind and his best friend will
118

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

live. In ten years, this friend will de-
vise a new means for combating virus
diseases. In a year, Clifford Cham-
berlain will write another composition
and it will be heard by a man who now
hopes to become a dictator. His emo-
tions will be touched and he will begin
to think about heartache, pain and
bloodshed that he is preparing to loose
on the world. Soon he will come to
understand the Great Principal. He

THE

SHRINKING HUMAN
★	heads *

By JUNE LURIE

THE shrinking of a head is a ritualistic proc-
ess. After the warrior has killed his victim
he cuts the head off as close to the body as
possible, brings it back to his witch doctor. The
witch doctor protects him from the ghost of the
victim by squirting tobacco up each nostril. But
this is only a temporary precaution.

   The following day the making of the tsantsa or
shrunken head begins. Just the warriors, the Old
Man of the tribe and the witch doctors are allowed
to take part in this process. An old pot is used,
one that is cracked and chipped, and three stones
from the river bed are heated in the pot till they
are colored. In the meantime the muka, or head,
has been cut from the apex of the skull downward
to the neck. The scalp is then drawn off the skull
till it is only attached to the face. Then this is
carefully cut away. Then the neck opening is sewed
to a ring. The head is then boiled in water for
hours. This shrinks the head a bit and also keeps
it from spoiling. Then the three stones are brought
into use as soon as the head is dried. One of the
hot stones is taken from the pot and dropped into
the skull and rolled around to melt out the fat. As
soon as one stone cools another is used. Then hot
sand is used to complete the job. After taking the
sand out each time the witch doctor scrapes away
the tissue in the rapidly shrinking head. This goes
on till it is about the size of an orange. Palm pegs
which were stuck through the lips so that the dead
man could not utter curses are then removed and
replaced by cords. The tsantsa is now ready for
the final celebration and victory feast. During the
entire time of shrinking the warrior has been in a
process of purification. He has been chaste and
taken only liquid foods. After a feast of pork and
monkey, drums are sounded and the dancing be-
gins. The warrior has a new tsantsa to hang about
his waist and the spirit of the dead man to serve
him forever.

 will then devote his resources to help-
 ing humanity rather than destroying it.
 Now do you understand why we have
 done all this tonight?”

   The smaller figure seemed ashamed
 as he answered. “I see that I still have
 much to learn.”

   “Not too much now,” Lanis encour-
 aged. “Look back and see how far you
 have come. Remember, at one time,
 you were the Emperor, Nero!”

END

FEAST OF THE
*	LANTERNS *

By PETE BOGG

 IN JAPAN the souls of the dead return to their
 former home once a year, and a festival called
 the Feast of the Lanterns is held to welcome
 them. They come during the evening of the thir-
 teenth day of the seventh month of the old cal-
 endar which is toward the end of August. As they
 come at night, it is necessary to light their way.
 So they fasten brightly colored lanterns over the
 tombs in the burying grounds. There are so many
 that the hills are lighted for miles around. Lights
 of many hues and also candles are lit and set along
 the streets and in front of houses. Fires are started
 in the streets so that the whole city is bathed in
 light. As soon as the sun sets, all the families go
 out to meet their dead. When they come to the
 place where they think the dead souls have asssem-
 bled, they welcome them and ask them to rest
 after their long journey and to have something to
 eat. After giving them time to eat and rest, they
 escort them home, talking happily with them all
 the way. A banquet is laid out, and places are set
 for the dead who are supposed to absorb the
 ethereal essence of the food. After the meal, the
 living go from house to house visiting the souls of
 their dead friends. This running about town lasts
 for three days, and then the times comes for the
 souls to return to their graves. Fires are again built
 in the streets, and the people again take them back
 to the place where they met them three days be-
 fore. In some places the people send lanterns and
 provisions out to sea in small boats for the spirits
 who have a long way to go.

    There is always the fear that some poor souls
 have lagged behind, or have hidden away so as not
 to be made to leave the place of their former life
 and those they love. These reluctant spirits have
 to be hunted out and sent on their way. To do
 this the people throw stones on their roofs and go
 through all the rooms with clubs which they swing
 savagely to chase away the lingering spirits.
BELLEROPHON AND PEGASUS

*	By LESLIE PHELPS	*

THE story of the winged horse, Pegasus,
and his master Bellerophon, has furnished
the basic theme for a number of interest-
ing stories of fantasy. Not long ago, in this
magazine, the novelette “Mr. Beller and the
Winged Horse” appeared—an excellent take-off
on the story of the mythical horse. But there
was little connection between Mr. Beller and his
early Greek counterpart, Bellerophon. The orig-
inal story from Greek mythology is a fascinating
tale in itself—and remember—the Greeks were no
slouches at contriving fantasies of the first order.
Even today our speech is punctuated with allu-
sions to that mythology.

  Bellerophon was supposedly the son of a
Corinthian king who for undescribed reasons,
committed an impulsive, unpremeditated murder.
In order to avoid punishment he fled his father’s
court to the court of King Proteus who purified
him of his crime. But Proteus’ wife Antea, a
lovely young thing, fell in love with Bellerophon,
a love which he did not return. Naturally she
slandered him to Proteus.

  Proteus liked him so well, however, that he
could not bring himself to kill Bellerophon per-
sonally, so he sent him to a friend’s court, the
court of Iobates, with a sealed, cryptic letter tell-
ing that the bearer should be killed. But Beller-
ophon was favored of the gods. Iobates got to
like him also.

  After a while, Iobates read the tablet, but
having come to like and know Bellerophon, de-
cided that he couldn’t do the job himself either.
He sought for a way out. He sent him to per-
form tasks which would undoubtedly result in
his death.

  Bellerophon prayed to the gods though, in-
voking their protection, and before setting out
to kill the Chimaera, a monster of three parts—
lion, goat and dragon—received a magic bridle
which was to enable him to capture Pegasus, the
immortal winged horse. Quickly Bellerophon
caught his flying steed and without difficulty rose
into the air and slew the Chimaera. The battle
was a furious affair because the lion-section of
the monster breathed fire. Yet such was the
speed of Pegasus that Bellerophon was enabled
to avoid the flames.

  When he returned to Iobates’ court, Beller-
ophon was sent on another mission, the defeat
of a fierce tribe of warriors. With Pegasus,
he vanquished them. Next on his list of tasks
came the battle with the Amazons, whom Beller-
ophon also beat thoroughly.

  Finally Iobates realized that Bellerophon was

protected by the gods, and that it was useless to
try to kill him. Bellerophon married Iobates’
daughter and shared in the rule of the land.

  But owning Pegasus was too much for Beller-
ophon. It was something like owning a super-
charged high-speed racing car. Bellerophon
became swollen with pride and vanity. All this
time he had led a more than charmed life and
had escaped the dangers of a thousand lifetimes.
His head got considerably bigger and he thought
he could do no wrong. He decided to try to ride
to heaven on Pegasus to see, out of idle curiosity,
just what the gods were like. Zeus observed all
this, and in spite of his liking for the now rather
obnoxious youth, became offended at his audacity
and decided to do something about it. Beller-
ophon was riding high on Pegasus, when a gad-
fly sent by Zeus stung the winged horse, who
bucked and threw his rider. Bellerophon plum-
meted to Earth. Still his life was charmed and
he landed unhurt, though Pegasus was gone
forever.

  In their anger with him, the gods decided that
Bellerophon, who till now had been their favor-
ite, should be suitably punished. What better
way to make the youth’s life miserable than
sending him to the loneliest places on Earth. But
even this wasn’t necessary. Bellerophon was
evidently a good “guy” at heart, for he became
seized with remorse and regret at the way he
had lived. He was so moved by the thoughts of
how blessed his life had been and how foolishly
he had thrown away his gifts, that he was seized
with a terrible melancholy—probably mythol-
ogy’s first first-class manic-depressive. The upshot
of it all was that he followed, of his own accord,
the intention of the punitive gods for he
wandered the rest of his life in the most desolate
and barren spots of the world.

  So goes the original Greek legend of Beller-
ophon and Pegasus. But on a number of occa-
sions this has been changed and expanded. Among
the innumerable legends that are associated with
Alexander the Great is the one that he was
Bellerophon in disguise. In fact, it is said that he
believed himself to be the Greek hero in his less
rational moments, of which he is reputed to have
had many.

  The city of Corinth erected an altar to Beller-
ophon, over the grave of Poseidon, god of the
sea, and the crumbled remains are to be seen
today. Pegasus is recalled a thousand times today
and in a thousand ways—from the names of air-
craft to the bric-a-brac statuary that dominates
some cheap stores.

119
te

w

W. ’S.

Ip

v,

;.V;i

ORDERS FOR
WILLIE WESTON

   by WILLIAM P. McGIVERN

                                                      ' V-.

IliJIk

vJSuNV.V-aS

                            #	#5

                                            TSfeSP

WHEN Private First class
Willie Weston realized that
the grenade was going off in a
matter of seconds he thought with
classic detachment that it had been a
most peculiar sort of day.

First there had been that business of
the orders. . . .

He had been told that morning he was
being transferred to another outfit. The
first sergeant instructed him to report
to the orderly room for his orders.

Willie had gone to the orderly room
as instructed and told the Charge of
Quarters what he wanted. The CQ was
a corporal with nine months of service
which made him quite an old cam-
paigner in this new army. He picked
a copy of Willie’s orders from a basket

Old soldiers never die—their
reward comes on the parade ground—

but Willie Weston wasn’t quite sure

                                              120

122

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

and glanced at them perfunctorily.

  “You leave at eleven this morning,”
he said. “You’re going to B company,
third regiment—”

  He stopped talking and looked at the
orders with new interest. Finally he
looked up frowning. “These orders are
snafued. Hold it a minute and I’ll check
with the captain.”

  He came from behind his desk and
went into the captain’s office. Willie
heard him talking, then the captain’s
voice sounded: “Weston, come in here.”
Willie walked nervously into the Cap-
tain’s presence, came to attention and
saluted.

  “At ease, Weston,” the captain said,
returning the salute casually. He was a
muscular, graying man of about forty.
He had a copy of Willie’s orders in one
hand and he rubbed his chin with the
other.

  “These orders aren’t right,” he said.
“According to this you’re being trans-
ferred to the 127th. Infantry. You’d
have a helluva job finding that outfit.”
“I know, sir,” Willie said. “The
127th. was deactivated at Munich in
forty-five. They fought from Africa
all the way to Berlin and . . Willie
floundered and was silent.

  The captain glanced curiously at
Willie. “How’d you remember all that?”
“I—I used to read about it, sir. The
war, I mean. It was like a hobby.”
“Hmmn. Well, carry on, Weston. I’ll
get this straightened out at Head-
quarters.” He glanced again at the or-
ders and smiled. “The 127th! Might
as well try to send you to the old Rain-
bow division. Well,” he paused, still
looking at the orders. “Would you like
a copy of this as a souvenir?”

  “Yes, sir. Very much.”

  “It’s probably as close as you’ll ever
get to a combat division. That’s all,
Weston.”

  Willie took the mimeographed sheet

  from the captain, saluted and went out
to find the battery. They were on the
parade ground listening to a lecture on
booby traps and grenades. The men
were squatted in a semi-circle listening
to a lieutenant who was trying vainly to
keep them interested.

  Willie found a seat in the front row
and squatted down. He tried to listen
but it was impossible. His thoughts
strayed to the orders in his pocket.

  The 127th. Infantry 1 One of the
real glory outfits. Willie had followed
their exploits for three years. He had
been a kid then, fourteen years old
and the war had been a fascinating
parade which he would have given his
soul to join. But it had ended when he
was seventeen and he could still recall
his half-guilty feeling of disappoint-
ment.

'Y^rHEN he was eighteen he had been
drafted into the peacetime army
which wasn’t the same thing at all.
There were no heroes, no romance, no
boom of guns to counterpoint the ca-
dence of marching men; there was just
gray routine and other lonely kids of
high school age.

  That was about when the business
with the grenade happened. Willie was
too lost in his thoughts to remember
just how it happened, but he heard
everyone yelling suddenly and then they
were scrambling away from him in
every direction. He heard a lieutenant
yell, “Hit the ground!” and then he
saw the grenade.

  It was right in front of him, a pecu-
liar looking thing with a handle on it,
quite different from the other grenades
he’d seen in the army. He stared in
fascination, too surprised to move.

  He was conscious of the hot sun on
his neck and the baked, dusty ground;
he heard shouts and running feet and he
heard a horrible little ticking sound
ORDERS FOR WILLIE WESTON

123

coming from the strange looking gre-
nade.

  That was when he realized it was
going off any second.

  There was no time to run. There was
hardly time to feel fear. He stood up
and threw himself toward the grenade
without any precise idea of what might
happen.

  He heard a noise then that was so
vast his ears had trouble assimilating it.
It was all around him like fog and it
seemed to come through his body, his
pores and his lungs, as well as his ears.
There was pain for a moment but it was
too great to hurt very much.

  That was all there was to it. The
sound and the pain and then the dark-
ness . . .

  He didn’t know what to expect when
he opened his eyes. The pain was gone
and it was quiet now. He was standing
in what appeared to be an orderly room.
There was a youthful second lieutenant
sitting behind a desk, glancing at some
papers.

  Willie was very surprised by this deal.

  The young lieutenant who had unruly
blond hair and clean blue eyes finally
looked at him and grinned.

  “Hello,” he said.

  “Hello,” Willie said blankly.

  Then he remembered a number of
things, chief of which was the courtesy
he should accord the lieutenant’s gold
bars. He snapped to attention and
saluted.

  The lieutenant smiled good naturedly
and came around the desk. “Relax,
soldier,” he said. “We don’t use that
stuff here. My name’s Pete.” He stuck
out a hand.

  Willie brought his hand down from
his forehead and shook hands gingerly
with the lieutenant.

  “I’m a little mixed up, sir,” he said.

  “Never mind the sir. What’s on your

mind?”

  “Well a grenade went off and I was
pretty close to it,” Willie said. He
looked around the neat orderly room as
if expecting to find the walls sagging
from blast. “It’s all very funny,” he
went on.

  “You’ll get used to it,” the lieutenant
named Pete said. “I got mine with a
mortar. Took me a while to get oriented
when I got here.”

  “Well, where am I?”

  “This is B company, 127th. Infan-
try,” the Lieutenant said.

  “But you were all killed!” Willie
gasped.

  The lieutenant chuckled. “Brother,
say that again. I guess we got ex-
pended faster than any outfit in the
war. Set a record for casualties, I
think.” He seemed quite proud of this
fact.

  “Then I’m—” Willie couldn’t finish
the sentence.

  “That’s right,” the lieutenant said.
“You’re Kaput. Don’t worry about it.
The big thing is that you’re in the wrong
outfit now. Do you have your orders
with you?”

  “Orders?” Willie shook his head. He
fumbled automatically through his
pockets and his fingers touched the
mimeographed sheet his captain had
given him as a souvenir.

OU got ’em,” Pete said. He
reached over and plucked the
papers from Willie’s pocket. “I’ll see
where you’re supposed to go and get
you started on your way. I don’t see
how you got here in the first place.”

  He opened the paper and glanced at
the orders.

  “You see,” he said, “we’re a deac-
tivated outfit. We don’t take any re-
cruits.”

  “I see,” Willie said, feeling strangely
inadequate.
124

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

  “You should probably have gone
to—”

  He stopped and rubbed his forehead
with the back of his hand. “Holy
Smoke! Something is really fouled up.
These orders are made out for us.” He
stuck the paper in front of Willie’s eyes
and pointed unbelievingly at the typed
instructions. “See that? B company,
127th. Infantry. Plain as the nose on
your face. What d’ya know?”

“It’s a mistake, I guess,” Willie said.
“Why, sure it is. Boy what a mess! ”
“I was going to be transferred,”
Willie said. “They cut the wrong or-
ders. I had ’em with me when the gre-
nade went off.”

  The lieutenant frowned thoughtfully.
“Yeah, that’s the deal. You had the
orders on you when you got it. So Head-
quarters sent you over here. Probably
didn’t bother checking it,” he said
gloomily. “Stupid so-and-sos.”

  Willie gulped. “Does Headquarters
up here get things fouled up, too?”
The lieutenant shook his head de-
spairingly. “Brother they make more
mistakes here than anywhere else.” He
grinned suddenly. “But it gives us
something to gripe about. And by the
way. I wouldn’t say up here when
you’re referring to this place.”

  Willie looked at him in horror. “Is it
down here?”

  The lieutenant looked around cau-
tiously, then leaned closer to Willie.
“It’s hard to say,” he said confident-
ially. “Sometimes I’m not sure. Just
play it safe. Say ‘here’.”

  “All right,” Willie said weakly.
“Now,” the lieutenant said, “I’ll get
this thing straightened out. Meantime
you might as well have chow with us.”
“I am hungry,” Willie said.

  “Well, we’ll take good care of you.
I’ll find one of the boys to show you
around. Sometime this afternoon I’ll
probably have the dope on these orders

and I’ll look you up. You should be
with your regular outfit by this eve-
ning.”

  “Thanks a lot, sir.” Willie said.

  “Now watch that,” the lieutenant
said warningly. “I’m easy going and I
don’t mind that Sir business. But
some officers up here are pretty chicken
and they’ll raise hell if you don’t Sir
’em.”

  “I’ll watch it,” Willie said, feeling
light headed.

  The lieutenant led him out to the
company street. Willie looked about
in awe. This wasn’t a GI company
street. There was a wide expanse of
bright green grass that looked cool and
fresh. Flanking this wide avenue were
barracks, but they weren’t Gfl either.
The barracks were made of glass brick
that caught the soft sun in thousands
of sparkling lights.

  Outside the orderly room door a
lanky, wide-shouldered sergeant was
lying in the sun. He had an arm
flung over his face and was snoring
peacefully.

  “Hey, Mac!” the lieutenant called.
“Wake up a minute.”

  The sergeant woke slowly; he took
his arm away from his face and blinked
his eyes and then rolled on his side.

  “What’s up, Pete?” he asked lazily.

  The lieutenant nodded at Willie.
“This guy got sent to us by mistake.
How about taking care of him until I
get it straightened out?”

  Mac got to his feet and grinned at
Willie. “Sure,” he said. He stuck
out a big hard hand. “Glad to know
you. My name’s Mac.”

  “I’m Willie Weston,” Willie said.

  He swallowed hard when he saw the
decorations Mac was wearing on the
left breast of his khaki shirt. There
was an ETO ribbon with seven battle
stars; a Purple Heart; the bright red
and white of a Silver Star; a DSC with
ORDERS FOR WILLIE WESTON

125

an Oak Leaf cluster. Above these was
a blue ribbon with seven small stars
arranged in a double triangle forma-
tion. The Medal of Honor!

  Mac was homely. He had a red,
angular face and twinkling gray eyes.
His hair was black and rumpled and
he needed a shave. He didn’t stand
the way a soldier should, Willie
thought. His shoulders slumped, one
leg was bent at the knee and there were
two buttons off his shirt. But there
was something relaxed and quiet about
him that gave the impression that he
could move in a hurry if he cared to.

  “I’ll take you over to the barracks,
Willie,” Mac said. “You can meet
some of the guys and get in a little
sacktime if you want to.”

  Pete, the lieutenant, smiled at Willie,
then slapped him on the shoulder.

  “I’ll get you straightened out on
orders,” he said.

  “Thanks,” Willie said. He hesitated
awkwardly, then said; “I couldn’t just
stay here, I suppose?”

  “I’m afraid not, soldier,” Pete said
in a kind voice. “You see this is a
combat outfit.”

  “I—I see,” Willie said.

TLTE SMILED uncertainly at Pete,
then followed Mac across the
company street to the first barracks.

  “How’d you happen to get here, any-
way?” Mac said.

  “Well, it was sort of a mistake,”
Willie explained. “They made a mis-
take on the orders in my outfit. But
I got—well I got it before the orders
could be changed.”	A

  “Well, don’t worry about it,” Mac
said. “You’ll get assigned to a train-
ing company. That’s a snap up here.
No hikes, no inspections, two or three
day passes every week. Quite a deal.”
Willie stole a sidelong glance at
Mac’s decorations. “These training

outfits are made up of guys like me
aren’t they?”

  “How’d you mean?”

  “Well, guys who never were in com-
bat.”

  “That’s right.”

  Willie sighed and his heart felt
heavy. He shot another look at Mac’s
ribbons. He wanted to know about
how those had been earned; but he
had enough sense not to ask.

  Mac led him into a large barracks
where a dozen men were sprawled
about on comfortable cots. Mac put
his hand on Willie’s shoulder and said,
“This here is a new arrival, men. He’s
just come over from that new army.”
There was a good natured laugh
from the men.

  “But he’s going to be with us for a
while until he gets assigned to his regu-
lar outfit. His name is Willie Weston.”
The men said hello and some of them
came over and shook Willie’s hand.
He saw more Silver Stars; more DSC’s;
and two more Medals of Honor. Also
some of the men wore shoulder loops
from Belgium, Holland and France.

  Mac took him then to a bunk at the
end of the barracks. “You can use this
today,” he said. “Mine’s right next to
it. So if you want anything I’ll be
handy.”

  He looked Willie over carefully and
then shook his head.

  “One thing. We’re having an inspec-
tion in about ten minutes. So you
better get fixed up.”

  “Gosh,” Willie said. He didn’t need
a shave, he knew; he never did. But
he knew he wasn’t in shape for an
inspection. He looked down the bar-
racks and saw that most of the men
needed shaves and were wearing uni-
forms that were clean, but wrinkled
and frayed. There were cigarette butts
on the floor and magazines scattered
around carelessly.
126

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

  “What should I do?” he asked Mac.

  “First, better take off that tie,” Mac
said. “Then pull your trousers out of
them boots and let ’em sort of hang
around your ankles. You could muss
your hair up a little but that ain’t
strictly necessary.”

  Willie stared hard at Mac to see if
he was kidding; but Mac’s long angu-
lar face was quite earnest.

  “What kind of an inspection is it?”
Willie said, flabbergasted.

  “Regular Saturday morning inspec-
tion.” He smiled then at Willie’s ex-
pression. “But it’s a little different,
you see.”

  “I guess it is,” Willie said weakly.

  He took off his tie and pulled his
neatly creased trousers free from the
top of his boots. Then he unbuttoned
the top buttons of his shirts and the
buttons on his shirt pockets.

  “That’s a lot better,” Mac said ap-
provingly.

  A few minutes later Pete, the lieu-
tenant Willie had met in the orderly
room, came into the barracks. He
talked to a few men and then came
down to Willie.

  “I’ll have you straightened out by
tonight,” he said. “Everything going
okay?”

  “Yes, everything’s going fine,” Wil-
lie said.

  Pete chatted with him for a while
and then left the barracks, after prom-
ising to get in touch as soon as anything
definite developed on the orders.

  “You can put your tie back on,”
Mac grinned. “That is if it makes you
more comfortable.”

  “Was that the inspection?” Willie
cried.

  “Well, it’s not really an inspection,”
Mac said. “We just like to clown
around that way. Sort of remind us
how lucky we are now. Some of the
guys go for days without shaving just

to look like hell for the Saturday morn-
ing inspection. Makes ’em feel real
good, I guess.”

  Chow call sounded a little later. Mac
took him to the mess hall which was
unlike anything Willie had seen in the
army. There was no standing in line,
no waiting. They went into a com-
fortable room with small tables and ?at
down to eat. Music came from some-
where and the tunes were things like
the Artillery Song and the Beer Barrel
Polka.

  After eating they went back to the
barracks and stretched out on their
cots.. Mac lit a cigarette and blew
smoke toward the ceiling.

  “This is really the nice time of day
here,” he said.

  Through the windows Willie saw it
was getting darker. From somewhere
came the faint music of To The Colors;
and a cannon boomed far away. Willie
noticed that the men in the barracks
were quiet now. They smoked cigar-
ettes and listened to the retreat music
with little smiles on their lips.

  When the echoes of the cannon faded
into the swiftly darkening night Mac
grinned sideways at him. “This is how
we stand retreat,” he said. “It’s just
as respectful I guess as any other way
and it seems more peaceful.”

  When it was dark the men strolled
out to the back of the barracks.

  Mac looked at Willie. “Want to go
outside? It’s nice out there now.”

\y ILLIE went out with Mac into
the moon-lighted area behind the
barracks^. Someone had built a small
fire. Men squatted about the fire talk-
ing; an occasional cigarette flared in
the darkness. Above the moon was
peaceful in a black sky. Beyond was
a fringe of trees silhouetted vaguely
against the shadowy horizon. A soft
cool wind was blowing and it was just
ORDERS FOR WILLIE WESTON

127

enough to make the fire comfortable.

  Mac sat down at the edge of the
group and Willie squatted beside him.
The men were talking now, their voices
a quiet murmuring against the crackle
of the fire.

  Willie looked around at their faces
highlighted in pale relief by the leap-
ing flames. The faces were wistful;
the conversation was running to battles
that had been fought long ago. They
were old soldiers now, squatting about
an immemorial campfire, reliving cam-
paigns that existed only in their mem-
ories.

  The talk swung to Kasserine Pass.
A man who had seen his regiment’s
colors captured by Germans told the
story, half in bitterness, half in amuse-
ment. There was a quiet chuckle from
a boyish looking soldier on his right.
The young soldier wore decorations
that many three star Generals would
envy. He looked about nineteen.

  He mentioned Anzio.

  “We dug in, remember?” he said.

  There was a general murmur of re-
membrance, that had in it a note of
weary scorn.

  “We took three days to dig in,” the
youngster said, smiling a little now.
“Nobody knew Jerry was sitting up
on the hills watching us, had every
square foot of the beach zeroed in with
eighty-eight’s. When we got set nice
and snug, with latrines dug, fox holes
all set and supply troops coming in to
look for souvenirs, then Jerry let go.
Those gunners didn’t have much of a
job. All they had to do was pull the
lanyards and re-load.” He chuckled
a little. “Some time.”

  There was a footnote to Salerno.
Another to Omaha Beach, the code
name for the Yank beach at Cherbourg.

  “How about that Colonel?” some-
body laughed. “He said, ‘Don’t stand
around here on the beach and die. Go

in a few miles—then die’.”

  Willie listened to their stories and
he felt something stirring in him. He
felt sad, but it was such a big sadness
that it just didn’t get absorbed. But
it hung around him, coming from tired,
mocking voices, from sudden grins,
from the crackling fire and the moon
above in the black sky.

  He heard the story of the break-
through at St. Lo. There was a com-
mentary on Avranches; another on
Paris—before Paris became a rest cen-
ter. These stories weren’t like the ones
he’d read in the states. There was no
glamor, no romance, no thrilling, pulse-
quickening lift in these stories of war
told in hard tired voices.

  These weren’t the stories the war
correspondents wrote; or the people at
home read.

  GI Joe was a hero in those stories.
He was a funny little guy who was
fighting for hot dogs and baseball. He
didn’t mind the cold and the danger as
long as there was a hot dog waiting
for him when he got home. He was a
hero who wasn’t afraid of Nazi artil-
lery.

  “That rotten eighty-eight,” some-
body said with a bitter laugh. “I ran
into a battery of them during the
Bulge. I remember asking my platoon
commander what we were supposed to
be doing out on a road where we
couldn’t turn around while those
eighty-eights picked us off. He said,
‘Don’t you want to be a hero?’ I said,
‘Hell no,’ and he said, ‘Neither do I
and the .reason we’re here getting our
heads shot off is that I can’t think of
anything better to do’.”

  “I remember,” another voice said,
“when our captain told us we were
going to get von Rundstedt. He said
we were trying to find him so we could
offer him a raise and get him on our
side.”
128

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

  Mac said, unexpectedly, “Hell, it
wasn’t that bad and you guys know
it.”

  “Maybe not,” the boyish looking
soldier said, grinning. “Anyway it
doesn’t look so bad now. I guess the
thing to do is forget it. It’s over and
nobody knows what all the shouting
was about.”

  “You’re wrong there, soldier,” a
curiously mild voice beside Willie said.
The voice was soft but it carried a
ring in it that sent a little chill down
Willie’s spine. He looked at the speak-
er but he was squatting in the shadow;
he could see only a long tired face and
thinning gray hair.

“HPHE thing is not to forget it,” the
speaker said, and his voice was
firm; and the men about the fire looked
at him in silence. “It’s over, it’s true,
and some people claim it was a waste.
They claim we fought the wrong
people, that it wasn’t our business,
anyway. When a man talks that way
I wonder what theatre he served in
during the war. Peculiarly enough, it
generally develops that he hasn’t
served at all. The shouting you men-
tion, soldier, started and got loud be-
cause somebody was getting pushed
around. They didn’t do the hollering.
They weren’t in a position to. We did
the hollering because we’re funny
people that way. We just don’t like
to see people pushed around. So we
went to war and because we like to do
things right we did a helluva lot of
pushing around ourselves. Now it’s
over. The thing to remember is that
we did a necessary job and we did it
damn well. And we’re ready to do it
again if we have to.”

  The man stopped talking then and
there was silence. He smiled then, and
said, “I didn’t mean to monopolize
your bull session.”

  Someone said, “That’s all right,” in
a quiet voice.

  The man stood up and the firelight
flickered over his face and uniform.
“I’m going to turn in,” he said, smiling.
“Good night, boys.”

  Willie looked at him, revealed in the
firelight, and there was a lump in his
throat as big as a billiard ball.

  The man was tall and strong looking.
There were four rows of ribbons above
the left breast pocket of his Ike Jacket;
and when he put on his burnished
helmet Willie saw four silver stars
gleaming across its front.

  He nodded to the men and walked
away into the night, and Willie saw
the firelight flick across his polished
boots and on the handles of- pearl
handled revolvers which hung at his
waist.

  “That’s the boss,” Mac said to Wil-
lie. “Pretty good guy.”

  “Why that’s—”

  “Sure it is,” Mac grinned. “He runs
the whole show. He can still raise a
little hell, too,” he said, thoughtfully.

  Willie felt a tug at his sleeve. It
was Pete, the lieutenant from the or-
derly room. “I got you all set,” he
said. “Come on along.”

  Mac looked at him and said, “I’ll
come along with you, Willie.”

  They walked across the company
street in silence. Willie’s sadness was
getting little enough now to feel. He
didn’t want to leave here. This wasn’t
what he thought the old soldiers wene
like; but it was what he wanted. He
knew he had no right in this company
and he tried to straighten his shoulders
and swallow the lump in his throat.

  Inside the orderly room a light was
burning. Pete picked up a mimeo-
graphed order from his desk. “You’re
all set now. You report from here to
the thirtieth basic training battalion.”
Willie nodded and looked miserably
ORDERS FOR WILLIE WESTON

129

at Mac. “T—thanks a lot for showing
me around/’ he said.

  Mac was leaning against the door.
His long angular face was thoughtful.
He pushed a strand of black hair from
his eyes and said, “You like it here
with us, don’t you, kid?”

  “Gosh, yes,” Willie cried.

  Mac looked at Pete. “Couldn’t we
do something about that? Seems like
we need a recruit. What’s an outfit
without a recruit?”

  Pete shook his head. “The orders
are pretty definite Mac. There’s just
no way around it.”

  “Well,” Mac said stubbornly,
“couldn’t we have an Inquiry or some-
thing? Maybe we could get the orders
changed. The kid likes it here. I
don’t see why he can’t stay.”

  “I’ll do anything you want,” Willie
said desperately.

  Pete said, “That’s not the point.
You’re not a combat man. That’s
nothing against you, but this just isn’t
your place.,”

  “How’d you get it?” Mac demanded
of Willie.

  “A grenade got me. It was at a
lecture,” Willie said.

  “You see?” Pete said. “At a lecture.
There might be some technicality we
could use, but getting killed at a lecture
is like being run over by a truck on
the way to a draft board.”

  “Well, it was a grenade,” Mac said,
defensively. “That’s how you got it
yourself.”

  “Mine was mortar shrapnel,” Pete
said. “Anyway it happened at Salerno
which makes a little difference.”

VJLTILLIE felt grateful to Mac; but
he knew there was no chance.
The sadness in him was deeper. “Don’t
worry about me,” he said, and he tried
to smile. “I know I don’t belong here.
I guess I wouldn’t have been killed at

all if I hadn’t been day-dreaming dur-
ing the lecture. The grenade just rolled
over in front of me and was too sur-
prised to do anything. I thought about
grabbing the handle and throwing it
away, but there wasn’t time. I got
excited and jumped on top of it. It
was all my fault,” he concluded honest-
ly-

  “You see?” Pete said again. “There’s
just no hope.”

  But Mac snapped his fingers. “Lis-
ten, kid, you say you were going to
pick up the grenade by the handle.
What the hell kind of a grenade was
it?”

  “I don’t know,” Willie said. “But
it was like a tin can with a handle on
it.”

  “A potato masher,” Mac said.

  “No, it was a real grenade. I know
because it went off.”

  “A potato masher is what we called
German grenades,” Mac said patiently.
He looked at Pete. “How about that?
He got it from a German grenade.
That’s the way a lot of guys here got it.
And he was trying to save his buddies.
Hell, there’s a good case.”

  Pete looked at Willie’s orders again
and frowned. “Maybe you got some-
thing. I’ll have to send these back.
Headquarters here is so snafued that
it’ll take months to get ’em straightened
out again. Probably it’ll turn out all
right.” He grinned suddenly at Willie.
“We’ll give it a whirl.”

  Mac grabbed Willie by the arm.
“Well what do you say now?” he
laughed.

  Willie was too delirious to say any-
thing. He just gulped and he felt the
sadness leaving him. Finally he laughed
and then Mac slapped him on the
shoulder and dragged him out of the
orderly room.

  They walked back toward the group
at the campfire. Ahead the moon was
130

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

rising against a black sky; the wind
was sharper now and the fire looked
warm and inviting.
From somewhere a long way off a
clear bugle sounded Taps mournfully.
THE

It was always a sad thing for Willie
to hear, but now as he walked beside
Mac to the soldiers at the fire he felt
different about it. It didn’t sound sad
at all.
END

COMETS AND METEORS

*	By FRANCES YERXA	*

FROM the beginning of time superstitious
people have always regarded comets as pre-
ludes to disaster. In 1910, many Chinese
people shot off fireworks in hopes of driving
Haley’s comet away. In the United States many
people believed that the comet of 1812 foretold
the war, and that Doneti’s comet in 18S8 brought
on the Civil War. The ancients didn’t understand
the nature of a comet at all. Aristotle thought of
them as some sort of exhalations coming out of
the earth and becoming inflamed as they reached
the upper atmosphere. Some early astronomers
thought comets were living creatures possessed of
wills and purpose, swimming about in outer space
like a fish in the ocean. Some described comets as
being blood-red, and taking the form of a hand
with a flaming sword.

  Before the invention of the telescope, only the
very largest comets could be seen. Only about 400
comets were recorded before 1600. Since then the
number of comets has increased since the telescopes
have become more powerful. About 600 comets
have been recorded since 1600. There are about
five a year now except in 1925 there were eleven.

  When a comet is first picked up with a telescope,
it is only a star-like spot of light with a fuzzy
appearance. As it comes closer, a tail begins to
develop. The tail increases in length as the comet
approaches the sun. The tail always points away
from the sun, so that when the comet goes back,
the tail streams out in front of it.

THE head of the comet is made up of two
parts. A small bright center called the
“nucleus,” and around this, a hazy mass called the
“coma.” The diameter of the coma will range any-
where from 30,000 to 1,000,000 miles, while the
nucleus is seldom more than 500 miles in diameter.
The tail may be from 1,000,000 to 100,000,000
miles in length. But while the amount of space
covered by the comet is great, the amount of mat-
ter making up the comet is relatively small. As-
tronomers are sure that the nucleus of the comet is
a mixture of dust particles and gases, perhaps con-
taining some pebbles and rocks. The coma is com-
posed of a thin gaseous material and dust particles

so fine that stars can be seen shining through it.
The tail consists of a gaseous material driven out
of the head of the comet by the rays of the sun.
The light of a comet is believed to be reflected sun-
light and some sort of phosphorescence, due to the
influence of sunlight. It was once thought that
comets entered our solar system from outer stellar
space, but now it is believed that they belong to
our system. They may be composed of matter
erupted from the sun or from the major planets
soon after the solar system came into existence, or
they might be bits of matter picked up by our sys-
tem 10,000,000 years ago. Our solar system con-
tains about 1,000,000 comets. Most comets move
in such large orbits that they come into our view
about once in a thousand years. But the ones that
move in smaller orbits are seen quite frequently.
The most famous of these is Hailey’s comet. This
brilliant comet appeared in 1682. Hailey calculated
that the bright comets of the past coincided with
the orbits of the comet of 1682 and also the ones
of 1531 and 1607. From that he concluded that
they were the same comet returning approximately
every 75 years. He predicted its return for 1758,
but died before his prediction proved true. It has
since returned in 1835 and 1910 and is due again
in 1985.

  “Shooting stars,” as we call them, are not really
stars at all but small bits of matter. Most are no
larger than a grain of sand, but some weigh tons.
They have been called cosmic rubbish. They may
be material that was left over when planets were
created. If the idea that the planets were formed
from material pulled out of the sun is correct, then
this material was probably pulled out of the sun
at the same time. These bits of material are not
visible until its path crosses that of the earth. As
it enters the earth’s atmosphere, the friction causes
it to melt and it vaporizes and disappears. “Shoot-
ing stars” are known to astronomers as meteors.

OCCASIONALLY a large meteor comes into
the earth’s atmosphere and a piece of it falls
to the earth. This piece is called a meteorite.
Meteorites are important because they are the only
tangible connection with outer space. It can be
COMETS AND METEORS

131

handled and put through a chemical analysis.
Sometimes just one piece fallk and again there
will be a number of fragments. In 1869 about

100.000	meteorites fell at Pultusk. Most of them
were very small. The largest meteorite was found
in Greenland by Admiral Peary. It weighed 36
tons. Some meteorites are composed of crystalline
rock, and some are made up mostly of iron and
then some are a mixture of iron and dark heavy
rock. In the Arizona desert there is a crater about

4.000	feet in dameter. The walls of the crater
rise ISO feet above the desert and it sinks several
hundred feet below the level of the desert.
Thousands of meteors have been found near this
crater and within the walls. Astronomers think
that it is the result of a group of meteorites or
perhaps just one enormous one which struck the
earth a thousand years ago. The largest known
meteoric fall was the Siberian fall in 1908. It was
in northern Siberia where news travels slowly,

     history of the
     VAMPIRE USTRELS

★	By JON BARRY ★

  A N USTREL is a Christian child that is born
on Saturday and dies before he can be
-I -*• baptized. On the ninth day after burial
he digs his way out of the grave and attacks the
cattle, sucking their blood all night and returning
to the grave at daybreak to rest from his night’s
labors. The Bulgarians have claimed that their
herds have suffered much from raids of these
Ustrels. After about ten nights of these blood-
sucking attacks, he becomes so well fortified his
body can stand longer journeys, and he joins huge
herds of cattle and sheep and no longer returns
to the grave for rest. During the day he rides
between the horns of a cow or ram. The ustrel
starts with the fattest cow of the herd and works
his way down, perhaps sucking the blood from
at least five cows a night. It is very important
for the peasants to protect their herds against
the ravages of these vampires. This is the method
used: On Saturday morning the village drummer
gives the signal to put out all the fires in the
village. Then all the animals are driven out into
the open. The men of the village march in front
of the herds. They go into the woods and gather
wood to make two bon-fires, one on each side of
a road that they know is frequented by wolves.
The herds are driven between these two fires. The
vampire is supposed to become frightened and
fall off by the fires. No one goes near these black-
ened remains for several days for the ustrel might
get up and follow them back to the village. If he
is left alone for several days, a wolf is sure to come
along and eat him, and the herdsmen can see the
ground soaked with his slimy blood.

and it wasn’t until 1914 that the information
found its way into the Russian cities and aroused
some interest. Then the World War began and
no one had time for such rumors. But in 1927
the Soviet sent an expedition to investigate. The
findings were terrifying. They found that a group
of meteorites had struck the ground making over
200 depressions. Some were 75 feet in diameter.
The ground for fifteen miles around was charred
as though it had been worked on with an enor-
mous blow torch. And for 35 miles around the
trees were uprooted and their limbs were all point-
ing away from the central area. This was probably
caused by the terrific force of air as it rushed out
from the center of impact. The meteorites were
estimated at 40,000 tons. If one of these meteor-
ites were to drop on one of our large cities, it
would, without a doubt, destroy every single in-
habitant.

* * *

forecast of
tomorrows breakfast

*	By J. R. MARKS *

TOMORROW’S breakfast can be prepared
in a jiffy without once bothering to open
the refrigerator, and here’s just a sample
menu, to give you an idea of what you’ll be get-
ting up to eat not too far from now:

   Supposing you like oranges—well, there are two
and a half cases of oranges concentrated in that
gallon jar on the shelf. Just water added from
the tap will give you the amount of liquid you
want, and your oranges will be kept as fresh and
full of vitamins as if they were just recently pur-
chased from the corner grocer. They’ll keep for
weeks. And with no refrigeration.

   The toast is baked inside out with electric cur-
rents, and bacon strips are protected by plastic
wrappings which keep in the flavor and prevent
spoilage. If you want the eggs to go with that
bacon, just dip a spoon into a can of yellow pow-
der, mix with water and milk, and there’s the
scrambled eggs.

  A cake the size of a candy bar, when mixed
with hot or cold water, will give you your break-
fast cereal, without adding any sugar or cream—
they’re included already.

   If you like tea for breakfast, just add a lozenge
to a cup of hot water, and the coffee you’ll be
drinking will probably be wheat or barley or rye,
instead of coffee, as the furfuryl mercaptan which
scientists find is what gives coffee its flavor, will
be added into the cereal you use for coffee.

  Many of these dehydrated products are already
on sale, and the rest are just around the corner
of the market. In fact, tomorrow’s breakfast
might very well be had today!
  The Drums of Murd

by H. B.

“T^V R. ROGERS,” his secretary
; 1 said, “there is a call for
— you—”

She hesitated, and Mr. Rogers nerv-
ously rubbed the bald spot on his head
as she left the sentence hanging in mid-
air. He had an idea who the call was
from and it gave him a sinking feel-

HICKEY

ing in his stomach.

“It’s Mrs. Brooks in the Rosmond
Towers,” the girl finished.

The Rosmond Towers was one of the
great apartment buildings that thrust
itself into the sky along Chicago’s lake
front. It had been managed by the firm
of Rogers and Stone for some years,
    Lane Magruder heard the drums beat
their slow, pulsating rhythm — and JJien
suddenly the world grew dark around him

at first with pleasure and lately with
the feelings entertained by a father
whose wife has just presented him with
a two-headed baby.

 “Put her on,” Mr. Rogers said
glumly.

  It was a one way conversation. His
end of it consisted merely of the use of

the three letter affirmative. Once he
said, “It did?” and his secretary looked
at him in surprise."His glance at her said
plaintively, how could you do this to
me? She knew as well as he what Mrs.
Brooks had to say to him.

  “Yes, Mrs. Brooks. We’ll look into
it again,” he closed wearily.
134

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

  He set the phone back on its cradle
and stared at it balefully. Lately it
had got so that when it rang he had an
impulse to run and hide in the men’s
room. Enough was enough. There was
going to be an end to this Rosmond
Towers affair.

 “STONE!”

  A dozen stenographers lost a year of
their lives each as Mr. Rogers’ bellow
resounded through the room. Mr. Bol-
ton gulped and reached for a chalk
tablet. These sudden shocks were def-
initely bad for his ulcers. And Mr.
Stone shot from his desk at the other
end of the big room and ran as though
Rogers had lit a fire under him. He
came up puffing.

  “Good grief, Rogers. You can’t do
things like that. You’ve thrown the
office into a panic.”

  “Fine,” Rogers told his junior part-
ner. “Now they’ll know how I feel
about calls from that building.”

  “Oh, come now. There’s no reason—”
“There isn’t? Then why are the
calls always shunted to me? Why don’t
you take them?”

  “Why, it just happens—”

  “It just happens you’ve let the girl
at the switchboard understand that the
Rosmond Towers is my headache!
Well, let me tell you a few things—”
He told him. The entire office staff
settled back to listen with quiet satis-
faction. About time. Stone, with his
tailored elegance and condescending
manner, was no favorite. He had in-
herited the partnership from his father,
but he had inherited no desire for work.

  “And finally, but not least,” Mr.
Rogers concluded, “you were supposed
to rent that penthouse apartment. Why
haven’t you d<3ne it?”

  “If there’s one thing I have tried to
do, it’s that,” Stone said in an offended
tone. “But every time the building
superintendent is showing the pent-

house to a prospective tenant Mrs.
Brooks herself comes up to queer
things.”

  “I could throttle that woman,” Rog-
ers muttered.

  “Still, it must be terrible on the
woman’s nerves to live directly below
that awful thing.”

  “It’s ruining mine and I don’t live
there,” Rogers admitted. “But that
doesn’t let you out. What are you do-
ing about it?”

  “Today,” Stone told him grimly, “I
have advertised that penthouse at a
rental which is so low we’ll be losing a
fortune on it.”

  Behind them a voice said, “That’s
the only way I could afford it.”

CHE was tall for a girl, with long,
naturally wavy ash-blonde hair and
a complexion that did not come from a
make-up kit. Her neatly tailored suit
did nothing to accentuate her figure,
but neither did it detract. She had a
sweetly firm chin and a pair of cool
gray eyes that did things to Mr. Stone.

  That gentleman opened his mouth
and produced a gulp. The situation
was left for his senior* partner to save.
Mr. Rogers rose with a courtly bow.

  “I am Mr. Rogers. May we be of
any assistance?”

  “I’m Carol Dorne.” The girl ex-
tended a hand which Mr. Rogers was
tempted, out of gratitude and sudden
chivalry, to kiss.

  “I’m interested in the apartment
which you and this gentleman were dis-
cussing. At least I think that’s the
one.”

  She produced a clipping from the
want-ad section of the morning paper
and laid it on the desk. Mr. Stone
took one look at the clipping and
nodded.

  “That’s it all right.”

  “Fine. If you can draw up a lease
THE DRUMS OF MURD

135

right now I’ll sign it while I’m here.”
Stone’s face lit up and he was off
like a shot. Mr. Rogers called him
back.

  “Just a minute. It’s only fair to
warn Miss Dorne.”

  Her smile made Rogers wish he were
thirty years younger.

  “That really is sweet of you. But
I’m not a child. I realize that such a
ridiculously low rental means some-
thing is wrong with the apartment.”
“Oh, it’s quite beautiful,” Stone pro-
tested.

  “Shut up,” Rogers snapped. He
turned to the girl.

  “Are you a sound sleeper, Miss
Dorne?”

  “I sleep like a log.”

  Her eyes were suddenly wide, like a
child who has been told there is no
Santa Claus, and then finds her fond-
est dream wrapped up in red ribbon
under the Christmas tree.

  “You mean it’s haunted? Oh, that
would be too wonderful!”

  “Oh, would it?” Mr. Rogers grunted.
“I take it you don’t believe in ghosts.”
“I’m not sure. But I’m not afraid of
them.”

  “Good. Nevertheless we’ll insert a
clause in the lease which will allow you
to vacate without giving us notice.”
“You’re more than kind, but I don’t
think that will be necessary. All my
life I’ve dreamed of the time when I
could come to the big city and live in
a penthouse. I won’t be frightened away
very easily.”

  Within ten minutes a regular lease
had been drawn up. Carol Dorne
signed her name in clear feminine hand-
writing, handed over two month’s rent,
and the apartment was hers.

  “And now, if you’d like,” Mr. Rogers
said, “we’ll drive you over and show
you the place.”

  “I’m sorry but I don’t have the time.

I’ve got to rush to morning rehearsal.
If you can give me the keys, or see
that they’re sent to the theater, I’ll have
my things moved in this afternoon. And
I can move in this evening, right after
the performance.”

  “You’re an actress!” Mr. Stone
breathed. He had come to life again.

  “Uhuh. The ingenue in ‘Tantrum’,
at the Gelwyn.”

  She bent and scribbled something on
a card which she had taken from her
purse. They could see her sign her name
at the end. With a smile she handed the
card to Mr. Rogers.

  “I’d like you to be my guest at to-
night’s performance.”

  His blush went clear up to the roots
of his white hair.

  “I should be delighted. And I would
like my wife to see you act.”

  “I knew you would. The pass is for
two.”

MR:, ROGERS was still beaming
when he and his wife were ush-
ered to a pair of the best seats in the
house. Then the curtain went up and
he settled back to watch the perform-
ance.

  The play had little to commend it in
the way of good writing. But the act-
ing was superb. And the girl’s per-
formance brought a glow of almost pa-
ternal pride to Mr. Roger’s face. She
was no polished actress, but what she
lacked in finish she more than made up
with the honesty of her presentation.
Her personality was projected clearly
across the footlights. And the audience
loved her.

  “Isn’t she wonderful?” Mr. Rogers
nudged his wife. “I wish we had a
daughter like that.”

  “You’re an old romantic, Sam,” the
white haired lady at his side smiled.
“And a dear. Do you think we could
go backstage to meet her?”
136

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

  “I’m sure we could. And I hope
those roses I sent came in time.”

  “You are a dear. Now come along.”
They made their way through the
crowd that eddied behind the stage and
through the wings to the dressing
rooms. Ouside Carol Dome’s door
bouquets were banked against the wall,
and when they were admitted to the
room they saw that those outside had
been only the overflow. But on her
dressing table there was a single vase
of long stemmed roses.

  Mr. Rogers was touched. He saw
that there were tears in the girl’s eyes
when he presented her to his wife. And
he felt quietly happy when he saw
that his wife took the girl to her heart.

  “I guess I’ll always be small town,”
Carol told them. “The orchids and the
camellias are exciting. And so are all
the men who send them and who want
to take me out. But today was the first
time I really felt at home here.

  “It’s because of you, Mr. Rogers.
First you were so concerned about me
taking the penthouse, even though you
wanted to rent it. And now the roses.”
“It’s nothing, really, Miss Dorne.
I—” He was embarrassed, and happy
when a change of subject came quickly
to mind.

  “Oh, about the penthouse. I’m still
concerned about you living there. We
were so flustered about renting it that
we didn’t explain quite fully.”

  “I don’t want you to explain. I’m
really not afraid—of whatever it is
you’re worried about.”

  “Oh, it hasn’t harmed anyone. I ad-
mit that. But this afternoon a fellow
came in to see about renting it. He
was upset when I told him someone had
taken it. And he was quite insistent.
Offered fabulous sums if you’d sub-let
it to him.”

  “Not interested,” Carol Dorne told
him. “I don’t care how much he of-

fered.”

  “That’s how I thought you’d feel. I
told him so, but he said he’d call again
tomorrow anyway in case you changed
your mind. I was glad to get rid of him.
Odd sort of chap. All bundled up de-
spite the heat and he kept his hat
pulled low over his eyes. Might have
been a gangster.”

  “Now you are trying to frighten Miss
Dorne,” his wife accused.

  “I guess so. Don’t suppose he was a
gangster. But he did give me an odd
feeling, I will say that.”

  Carol Dorne was staring at him.
There was an apprehensive feeling in
the pit of her stomach. Something was
wrong and she didn’t know what it was.
On the other hand it hadn’t harmed
anyone, as Mr. Rogers had said; and
he wouldn’t have let her take it if there
were any real danger.

  “Just what does go on there?” she
asked.

  “Noises.”

  “You mean clanking chains and that
sort of thing?”

  “A sort of drumming. Very disturb-
ing. We’ve had it looked into but we
can’t locate the cause. In the structure,
probably.”

  “What happened to the last tenant?”
“They moved to New York. The
drumming started before we could rent
it again. It isn’t constant. At night
mostly, and not even every night.”
“Well, I can always stuff cotton in
my ears.”

  “Nevertheless I wish I hadn’t rented
it to you. I—” He sat down and stared
blankly at the wall. He didn’t know
himself why he was so concerned. But
he was.

  “How would it be if Mrs. Rogers
stayed with you the first night?” he
asked hopefully.

  “I’d be glad to do it,” his wife said.
  “Of course not. It’s very kind of you
THE DRUMS OF MURD

137

to offer but I couldn’t let you. And I
promise I’ll be all right. In fact I’ll call
you first thing in the morning. How’s
that?”

  “It will have to do, I suppose,” Mr.
Rogers said glumly.

  “Oh, we’re just a couple of old fools,”
his wife told him. “Worrying the poor
child. We’d better be going, Sam. It’s
past our bedtime.”

CJIE RUBBED her cheek where Mrs.

   Rogers had kissed her affection-
ately. They were nice old people. And
they hadn’t meant to worry her by be-
ing overly solicitous. After all, there
must be a thousand other people who
were living at the Rosmond Towers.
Suddenly the uncertainty was gone and
she was eager to see the penthouse she
had rented.

  Dressing quickly, Carol dabbed some
powder on her nose, slung her purse
over her shoulder, and was ready to go.
Outside the theater the doorman whis-
tled for a cab, held the door open for
her.

  “Where to, lady?” the driver asked.

  “The Rosmond Towers.”

  She settled back, caught him giving
her an appreciative once-over in the
rear view mirror. That helped, too, it
was such an every-day occurrence.
Turning off Randolph Street and into
Michigan Boulevard the cab driver
waved to a big, blue-shirted policeman.
The policeman waved back. Things
were normal again.

  But at the Rosmond Towers the
doorman bowed as he held open the
big door, and looking over his shoulder
Carol felt the uneasiness return.

  A man had come around the corner
and the wind on the Drive had blown
his hat upward so that he had to grab
for it. For an instant his forehead was
exposed. And Carol Dorne had the
queerest feeling that there was a hole

in his forehead, and that she could see
all the way through.

  “YOU’RE Miss Dorne?”

  She whirled. It was only the elevator
man, friendly, smiling, with a bridge
of freckles across his nose.

  “Yes. Yes, I am.

  She was breathless. Her heart was
pounding strangely as she looked back
at the door. The man was going past
without even looking in.

  “Mr. Rogers called,” the elevator
man was saying. “He told me to watch
for you. Said I should go up with you
and see that everything was all right.”

  “How kind.”

  “Sure. He’s really nice, that Mr.
Rogers. He’s always—”

  His voice went on, friendly, steady-
ing. That was better. Just a nice,
everyday voice. Preoccupation with
unnatural things could make anyone
nervous, she thought. A man with a
hole all the way through his forehead!
How could she even have imagined such
a thing?

  She was laughing at herself when she
gave the elevator man the keys so he
could open the door for her. He found
the light switch at once and the apart-
ment was flooded with light.

  It was more beautiful than she had
dared hope. Richly furnished, every
room was different. And there were
only four of them. Easy to take
care of.

  The elevator man went ahead of her,
searching every nook and cranny. He
dug into the closets, peered under the
bed, and she felt foolish.

  “That isn’t necessaryshe smiled.

  “Mr. Rogers said I should do it,”
he told her.

  He opened the big glass doors that
faced the lake and went out on the
terrace and prowled about. But there
was nothing a man could have hidden
behind. He was shaking his head when
138

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

he came in.

  “All clear.”

  He hesitated, grinned at her.

  “If that Mrs. Brooks comes up to
bother you don’t pay any attention to
her. I think she’s got drums in her
head. You know—” His finger de-
scribed a circle at his temple.

  He handed back the keys and Carol
watched him go. Then she shot the
bolt behind him and turned to look
at her penthouse again. She felt like
a queen in the midst of that luxury.
It was just perfect, just what she’d
dreamed of.

  But it was a bit warm and even a
little musty. Probably hadn’t been oc-
cupied in months. She went to the
windows on the south and threw them
open, then crossed the room and swung
wide the doors to the terrace. Lake
Michigan stretched out far below and
the breeze that swept over it was cool.

  Suddenly the premonition was with
her again. It clutched at her heart, and
the wind was no longer cool, but chill.
What seemed so strange about that
breeze, she wondered. It blew not
steadily, but in measured gusts. No,
that wasn’t the wind. It was the room
which throbbed!

  The drums began to beat.

CHAPTER II

T ANE MAGRUDER settled him-
self back in his chair, lifted his
feet and made a space for them on the
littered laboratory desk by kicking
aside that morning’s paper. He’d al-
ready gone through that from the front
page headlines to the last want-ad.

  Except for the scientific apparatus
which was scattered everywhere about
the room, the lanky six-footer was sur-
rounded by reading material. And he
seemed to read everything. A. N.
Whitehead’s latest book on the philo-

sophical implications of the new me-
chanics leaned against Warren Brown’s
story of the Chicago Cubs. Korzybski’s
tome on General Semantics sprawled
open atop a copy of Mezzrow’s “Really
the Blues.”

  At the moment Magruder was im-
mersed in Schrodinger’s account of the
physicial structure of the genes. Ten
minutes later he would be reading
Dirac. Magruder groaned. With so
much reading to do he’d never get down
to writing his own book.

  The phone rang several times before
he lifted it from the hook. Who could
be calling him at seven-thirty in the
morning? It was the police commis-
sioner.

  “Magruder? Something here I want
you to handle.” That was Stearns all
right. Straight to the point.

  “Field’s basement,” Magruder said.

  “Cut out the horseplay. I know it’s
you. And this is right down your
alley.”

  “The word is appropriate. I seem
to be your clean-up man.”

  “I’m dead serious, Magruder.},’ And
so he was. And a little frightened too,-
Magruder realized from the tone of
his voice. But Stearns was still talking.

  “This is not something my own men
have botched. It’s sheerly beyond
them.”

  “All right,” Magruder grunted. “See
you at your office.”

  “No. Go straight to the Rosmond
Towers. Delaney’s there and he knows
you. I’ve already told him to back
you up in anything you do.”

  There was more but Magruder had
already hung up. If Delaney himself
was on the job it meant something big.
Magruder threw on a fresh shirt and
was off. Luckily his short hair did
not have to be combed.

  He kicked the Plymouth coupe into
life and spurted from the curb in front
THE DRUMS OF MURD

139

of his apartment building. Although
he’d never been inside the Rosmond
Towers he knew where it was. The
coupe hurtled down the Outer Drive.

  Captain Delaney was waiting for
him in the penthouse, a big iron-gray
Irishman with a lot of ability and a
sense of humor. At the moment he
was not smiling.

  “Stearns told me he called you. I
sure hope the answer to this thing’s
ir. one of your books, Lane.”

  A couple of helpless looking detec-
tives grunted disdainfully and the uni-
formed policeman at the broken door
shook his head. There were a half dozen
other people in the room. All of them
looked bewildered.

  “We’ll see, captain,” Magruder
smiled.

  His keen dark eyes swept the room,
probed the people there. “I see you’ve
given the place a thorough going over.”

  “We’ve been working since one
o’clock this morning,” Delaney told
him. “And we’ve got nowhere. I’m be-
ginning to think everybody’s dreaming
and the whole thing never happened at
all.”

  “Maybe you’ve been working too
hard. That can throw you off some-
times. How about giving me the dope?”

  “For you it’ll be simple,” one of the
detectives cut in sarcastically. De-
laney let him finish. “About midnight
a girl entered this apartment. Five
minutes later she’d disappeared. That’s
all.”

  “You’ve got it narrowed down to five
minutes?” Magruder asked.

  Delaney nodded and called over a
a tired looking young man with red
hair and a bridge of freckles across his
nose. The young fellow still wore his
uniform.

  “Tell your story to Mr. Magruder,”
Delaney said kindly. The elevator man
wet his lips.

  “Well, sir, there isn’t much to tell.
I took Miss Dorne up here only a
minute or two after twelve. I left her
in the apartment with the door locked.
On the way down I noticed one of
her gloves on the floor of the elevator
so I came up again. The door was still
locked but she didn’t answer. So I
called the night super and we broke
down the door. She was gone.”

  “You’re sure of the length of time
you were gone?”

  “How long could it take me?” the
man said helplessly.

  “All right, I’m not doubting you.”
Magruder turned. “Let’s see that
door.”

  He noted that the door had given
way at the hinges, that it had been
bolted from the inside. Carefully he
set it back in place. It fitted so tightly
that it could not conceivably have been
opened from outside.

  “Any other doors?” he asked De-
laney.

  “No.”

A/TAGRUDER shook his head. This
was getting interesting. But if
the girl had not gone out the door then
there must be some other way. He
crossed the room and stuck his head
out of the window. There was a sheer
drop of thirty floors to the street. This
side of the apartment was flush with
the wall of the building.

  He went to the other side and opened
the terrace door. The sour faced
detective was grinning scornfully,
Magruder noticed. They always hate
to admit that someone else might be
smarter, he thought.

  The terrace ran to the other edge
of the building roof and ended in a low
wall. There were a couple of deck
chairs and a table, some potted plants.
Nothing else.

  “Now I’ll give you the rest of it,”
140

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

Delaney said when Magruder came
back into the living room. “Those ter-
race doors were open and so was that
window.”

  “Maybe she jumped,” Magruder
said hopefully. He was beginning not
to like this.

  “Without leaving a trace on the
ground?” Delaney snorted. “You know
better than that, Lane. Beside, we
were here within ten minutes and it
was the first thing we checked.”

  “The walls? The floors?” Magruder
probed.

  “Solid. We’ve tapped every inch,
and used needles besides.”

  “Could she have let herself down
with a rope?”

  “Listen, Lane!” Delaney was red in
the face. “I know my business. Any-
thing she could have attached a rope
or chain to has been microscopically
examined. And she hadn’t the time.
Even at that we closed all the exits
and checked every apartment in the
building.”

  He picked up a professional photo-
graph from a table and handed it to
Magruder.

  “This is what she looked like, in
case you’re interested.”

  Magruder studied the picture, pursed
his lips in appreciation. Carol Dorne
looked like the kind of girl he’d always
wanted to know but had never been
lucky enough to meet.

  “Worth finding,” he grinned.

  “And don’t think we’re not trying,”
Delaney grunted. “We’re combing the
city.”

  “All right then,” Magruder nodded.
“She vanished into thin air. But there
must be a clue somewhere.”

“Yeah. One. And it isn’t much.”
He led Magruder to the long couch
were the elevator man sat with the
other five. Magruder’s keen eyes sized
up immediately the white haired gentle-

man and the woman next to him as
Carol Dome’s parents. The woman
was crying.

  There was a doorman, a thin, nerv-
ous woman, and a husky man who was
plainly the building superintendent.
The superintendent started to speak
without being asked. He did it
mechanically, something he’d gone
through many times that night.

  “When we got to the door there was
a drumming sound inside. It disap-
peared by the time we got in.”

  “Evil, that’s what it is,” the nervous
woman blurted. “I always knew it and
I warned Mr. Rogers.”

  “This is Mrs. Brooks,” Delaney ex-
plained. “She lives downstairs.”

  “For months,” she continued with-
out a break, “it’s been going on.”

“/^\H, I’D better tell it,” the white
haired man said wearily. He liked
the looks of this young fellow. Well-
set-up sort of chap, and intelligent
looking.

  “I’m Rogers. My firm manages this
building. A couple of months ago Mrs.
Brooks began to complain of a drum-
ming sound that seemed to emanate
from this penthouse. We looked into
it, had our engineers and architects
go over the place.”

  “And you found what?” Magruder
asked.

  “Nothing, sir. Nothing.”

  Mrs. Rogers was crying bitterly. “I
just know something dreadful has hap-
pened to that sweet girl.” Her husband
put his arms around her shoulders.

  “As far as the architect could figure
out it was caused by the normal build-
ing sway in a wind.”

  “Plausible,” Magruder admitted.
“The engineer thought it could be
caused by the heating system.”

  “Also plausible,” Magruder nodded.
  “Bosh!” Mrs. Brooks snorted. “I
THE DRUMS OF MURD

141

heard the noise when there was no wind
at all, and I also heard it at times when
the heat was shut off.”

  “So there goes that,” Magruder
smiled. He studied her. “Any special
kind of drumming, was it?”

  “No,” she said hesitantly. “Just like
a deep drum. Usually it came through
the ceiling of my place. Sometimes it
almost seemed to be my own apart-
ment. It would start slow and end in
a sort of frenzy.”

  “Sort of a ghostly Gene Krupa,”
Magruder grinned. Mrs. Brooks burst
into tears.

  “I’m frightened. I’m terribly fright-
ened.”

  “Please don’t be. We’ll have the
building guarded night and day until
this is cleared up.”

  He looked at Delaney and the cap-
tain nodded affirmation. Mrs. Brooks
stopped crying. But she still looked
scared.

  So am I, a little, Magruder admitted
to himself. Delaney was too thorough
a man to be doubted. The girl had
been locked in this apartment all by
herself. And she had vanished into
thin air.

  The hair on the back of Magruder’s
neck rose, and there was a chill down
the length of his spine. Science didn’t
know everything, he was thinking.
Maybe—? But maybe not.

  “Is there anything you can think of,”
he asked the group in general, “which
might have some bearing on this? Even
if it seems remote.”

  “Yes,” Rogers told him. “Miss
Dorne rented the apartment only yes-
terday—”

  “Wait.” Magruder snapped his fin-
gers. “I remember the advertisement.
It was priced at about a fifth of its
value. You must have been flooded
with applicants.”

  “We were. But she was the first so

she got it. However, one of the later
ones was very insistent. Fellow with
a pasty complexion and his hat over
his eyes. Offered any price if we’d get
her to give it up. Said he’d call back
today.”

  “Good. Delaney, have the wires
tapped in case he does.”

  “I already arranged for that,” De-
laney grunted. The sour faced detective
was sneering but Magruder paid no
attention to him.

  “Anything else?”

  “Yes.” It was the doorman. “About
one minute' before she disappeared a
fellow peeked in the door downstairs.
He beat it when he saw me. But the
light fell on his face. He—he—”

  “He what?” Magruder asked. The
doorman was befuddled.

  “I know it sounds crazy, sir. But it
looked to me like he had a hole in his
forehead, right above his eyes. And
for just a second I thought I was look-
ing straight through it!”

  “You got a hole in your head,” the
mean detective Said.

  “Let Magruder handle this,” De-
laney told him.

  Lane Magruder was shaking his
head. The doorman was not crazy,
that was evident. Maybe it had been
an illusion. Maybe not. This case
was queer enough. It could not be ap-
proached from a realistic angle. Illu-
sion or not, even five minutes wouldn’t
have been long enough for the strange
man to climb thirty-seven floors. Unless
he had wings. He said as much and
seriously.

  “Are you crazy?” Delaney wanted
to know. The detectives were laugh-
ing.

  “Not at all.” Magruder was calm.
He went on with cold logic.

  “Let’s face it, Delaney. We’ve estab-
lished that the girl was here, locked
in. You yourself have proved she did
142

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

not leave at all. She could not have
left through any human agency. But
she’s gone. Have you a rational ex-
planation? And what about those
drums?”

  Even the detectives looked fright-
ened. Delaney was biting his lip, his
eyes suddenly wary. Delaney had faced
gunmen without flinching. But gunmen
were real, their bullets solid. They
could be fought with guns, with clever-
ness.

  This is what Delaney’s afraid of,
Magruder thought. It’s one of those
things, like dogs that bark in the night
when someone has died. Or like two
people who are a thousand miles apart
thinking the same thought at the same
time. You call it coincidence, or deny
it altogether. But you know it’s true.

npHE ROOM was suddenly chilly,
everyone in it apprehensive. De-
laney rubbed the back of his neck
nervously, his face gone white. The
detectives looked over their shoulders.
Mr. Rogers wiped his face with a hand-
kerchief.

  “You people better leave,” Delaney
said kindly. “We’ll let you know if
we want you again.”

  When they had gone he stared wanly
at Magruder. “Well?”

  “Something got her,” Magruder said.
“Something that can go through walls
and locked doors, or that flies like a
bird. Something that leaves no trace.”

  “Something that beats like a drum,”
Delaney whispered. “Or that maybe
goes around with a hole through its
head.”

  He was actually shaking now.

  “Lane, you’ve got to clear it up. If
you don’t—and it keeps on— Let’s
go outside. I don’t want to talk in
here.”

  “This isn’t in any of my books,”
Magruder told him when they were out

in the hall.

  He saw that Delaney had unbuttoned
his collar and was fingering something
inside his shirt. It hung on a thin chain.

  “Yeah. Maybe we’d better pray,”
Magruder said. And he meant it.

  “Listen, Delaney,” he .went on, “I
don’t know any more than you do.
We’re in the same boat. It’s something
that can’t be explained, only felt. And
we feel it with that part of us that
remembers when the world was young
and weird things walked.”

  “I’m not yellow, Magruder,” De-
laney whispered. “But so help me I’m
afraid.”

  “I don’t think there’s anything im-
mediate to fear, captain. Whatever it
is seems to be associated with the
drumming. And that comes only at
night.”

  “I’d rather face tigers barehanded
than be here at night,” Delaney said.

  “That’s fine. Because I want to
handle this alone. I think one man
can do more than a thousand in this
case. You can station all the cops
you want around Mrs. Brooks. But tell
them to stay away from here unless
I call for help. I’ve got a hunch I’ll
hear that drumming tonight.”

  “If that’s the way you want it,” De-
laney agreed. “But you’re a braver
man than I am.”

  “Not braver,” Lane Magruder was
smiling now, a boyish smile that lit
up his dark features.

  “Not braver. Just more curious, De-
laney. I’ve always had a thirst for the
unknown.”

LTE WAS tense with the waiting in
the lonely apartment in the night.
The lights were on; that was some-
thing to be thankful for. Delaney had
said they’d been on last night.

  Down below the lake sparkled in
bright moonlight and from one edge
THE DRUMS OF MURD

143

of the terrace Magruder could see the
lights of Randolph Street and the Loop.
But those things were far away. Carol
Dorne had seen them, too, before she’d
vanished. But she had been alone up
here.

  As he was alone.

  He whirled. A sound! Surely that
was a noise he’d heard. His feet made
a soft thudding in the thick carpet
as he ran for the door. It swung open
on its new hinges and he was in the
hall.

  The hall was empty.

  Nerves, that was all. Just nerves.
Magruder went back into the big liv-
ing room and shot the bolt behind him.
Nothing could get through that locked
door. But it had, hadn’t it? It had
got Carol Dorne.

  There was that noise again! And it
was in the hall outside the door. This
time he went on tiptoe, slid the bolt
back without the faintest scratch.
Flung open the door!

  And the hall was empty.

  His breathing was thick and labored.
The scientific mind, he thought grimly,
when it’s faced with something that
can’t be expressed in an equation. It
goes to pieces like any other mind.

  No, that wasn’t so. It doesn’t go
to pieces. It faces the unknown
bravely and seeks to know it. The
thought steadied him. What he had
heard he had heard. Not in his mind
but with his ears.

  From the hall. Magruder could not
doubt it, would not let himself doubt
it. This time he was certain. But
from where? The hall was empty.
It was small. The elevator doors were
closed, the cage down below some-
where. But beyond the shaft was a
dark niche, tiny but big enough.

  “Come out of there,” Magruder said.

  His voice was high and shrill in his
own ears.

  “All right. I am coming.”

^~^UT OF the darkness it came. It?

    It was a man, Magruder saw. A
man like any other man. But Magruder
was lying to himself and he knew it.
For the skin was a dull white. And the
hat was not pulled low enough. He
could see the hole in the forehead.

  The hole went all the way through.

  “No. Stay where you are,” Magruder
whispered frantically.

  He was sweating. A cold sweat that
plastered his shirt to his back. Pull
yourself together, Magruder, his mind
said. Fortunately for him the thing
stopped. He had a chance to think.

  Whatever it was, it could not go
through locked doors. Otherwise it
would have entered the apartment.
That was a comforting thought, and
Magruder felt stronger.

  “How did you get up here?”

  “I walked up. There is a stairway
and a door in that niche. Nobody
was looking.”

  The voice was liquid, but thick. A
liquid metal like mercury. Magruder
thought. He was calmer now.

  “You got Carol Dome last night.”

  “No. Not I.”

  Suddenly the voice changed. It was
entreating, pleading.

  “Let me go in the room.”

  Magruder launched himself in a sur-
prise attack. But the other was quick
as lightning. And strong. Magruder’s
hands were ripped from skin that was
strangely cold. And his own punch to
the mouth was countered with a shove
that sent him sprawling in the door-
way.

  He started up. And stopped. For he
had split the creature’s lip. And in-
stead of blood a thick white liquid
flowed. Magruder felt sick but he
stood his ground.

  “You got Carol Dorne,” he whis-
144

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

pered accusingly again.

  “No. Not I.”

  “But you know where she is.”

  “Yes. Please let me in the room.
I will send her back to you.”

  “From where?”

  “Murd.”

  “Never heard of it,” Magruder
grunted. “And why should I trust
you?” •

  He felt faint again. Raising a hand
to brush sweat from his face he found
a white powder on his knuckles. And
where his fist had landed on the other
he could see that there was blood-red
skin. Only the hole in the forehead
was really white. And shiny, like bone.

  “You must trust me,” the liquid
voice said. “Please. Quickly now. The
drums are starting.”

  It was true. Behind Magruder the
room was throbbing with a slow muffled
beat. He wet his lips. A shrill whistle
and Delaney’s men would pour up from
the floor below. They must have heard
the drums.

  But that wouldn’t bring back Carol
Dorne. Magruder remembered her
face on the picture.

  “If you take me with you,” he whis-
pered.

  “No.”

  “Then you don’t get in. And I call
the police.”

  “All right then. But quickly.”

  They went in together. The win-
dow was open, and the terrace doors. A
cool wind was blowing through the
room. And the room itself was a great
drum that throbbed. The rhythm
caught at Magruder.

  Rhythm, he thought. The most
primitive thing of all. It filled the
room, filled him. Every nerve, every
muscle, every single cell in his body
throbbed with the rhythm of the
drums. The beat came faster and
faster and Magruder was sweating.

  “Don’t be afraid.” He felt an icy
hand on his.

  But he was afraid. His whole body
was pulsating now. Faster and faster.
The room was fading out and there was
nothing but blackness in its place. He
tried to wet his lips, tried to get his
tongue against his teeth. He had no
tongue. He had no teeth.

  Only a pulse. Only a throb. Only a
beat. The beat of the drums of Murd.

CHAPTER III

£^UT OF the blackness he swam
slowly into a world of gray which
grew lighter and lighter. The beat of
the drums slowed until finally it was
gone.

  They were standing in a cleft between
two vertical walls of some quartz-like
substance which shimmered in the day-
light. Under their feet the ground was
hard and silvery, like metal rather
than earth. Just ahead of them both
walled and ground ended abruptly, and
as Magruder’s eyes returned to nor-
mal focus he saw that they were al-
most at the edge of a precipice.

  “So this is Murd,” he said half
aloud.

  “Yes.”

  The voice reminded him that he had
not come alone, and he turned to his
companion. In daylight the other was
not a frightening creature at all. Ex-
cept for the hole above his eyes and
the color of his skin, which now
showed clearly through the coating of
white powder, he was much the same
as Magruder.

  “Yes, this is Murd,” the liquid voice
went on. “You wanted to come. I hope
you won’t be sorry.”

  “It won’t be your fault if I am,”
Magruder told him. “I insisted on com-
ing along. But there are a few things
I would like to know.”
THE DRUMS OF MURD

145

  “Later. Right now we had better get
out of here if we value our lives.”

  As though suddenly mindful of a
grave danger he took Magruder’s hand
and began to pull him along, away from
the edge of the precipice. Only a few
yards from where they had stood the
cleft widened into a canyon which ran
steeply downward. Here the walls were
covered solidly with a mass of vines
which trailed their orange tentacles
across the floor of the canyon.

  Magruder was running swiftly now,
keeping close on the heels of the man
ahead. Where the danger might be he
could not imagine, for there seemed
not a living thing in the canyon. Far
more likely that he would trip over a
trailer and break his neck, Magruder
thought.

  For the most part he ran with his
eyes on the ground. There was no real
path, only what seemed a natural part
in the orange foliage. Then there was
a short stretch of fairly clear space and
he was able to look up His eyes wid-
ened in horror.

  The walls of the canyon had come
to life! The vines writhed and undu-
lated like a mass of orange reptiles.
And already the motion was being
transmitted to the trailers on the can-
yon floor.

  Magruder hurdled a tentacle which
thrust itself suddenly up in his path.
There was another to be cleared, and
then still another. More of them were
beginning to move.

  Ahead of him his companion tripped
and with a leap forward Magruder
grabbed him. Already a waving ten-
tacle had twined itself about his leg.
Magruder slipped past him and helped
him pull free with a yank on his arm.

  “How much further?” he gasped as
they got started again.

  “Not far. But we are almost out of
time.”

  The words lent speed to Lane Ma-
gruder’s long legs. And fast as he ran
he heard the other’s footsteps always
close on his heels. Would there be
enough time? The demoniac plants
were in a fury of motion, and each
slithering movement brought them
closer together. The narrow path was
almost obliterated.

  Then suddenly the walls of the
canyon had ended and directly ahead
Magruder saw a small pool which com-
pletely blocked the entrance from the
outside. But ten feet still remained
to be covered, and the reptilian plants
were thickest there.

jy/JAGRUDER left his feet in a
headl'ong dive. Clutching vines
brushed against the underside of his
body. And then he was cleaving the
clear, cold water of the pool, holding
his breath until he could hold it no
more.

  On the surface he treaded water and
turned to see what had happened to his
companion. He was just in time to see
the other’s heels disappear beneath the
surface. An instant later they were
both on top, fighting for breath.

  They had made it with not a moment
to spare. Looking back into the can-
yon, Magruder saw that the serpentine
growth completely covered the floor,
the vines intertwined in a writhing,
slithering mass. The sight sickened
him and he turned his head, then swung
about and headed for the opposite
shore of the pool. Stretched out for a
moment’s rest on a bit of grass he
turned to the other.

  “What was that?” Magruder’s voice
was trembling.

  “The Valley of Lura, the orange
death. And the Drums of the Ancients.
We are probably the only men who
have ever traversed that canyon.”

  Magruder’s eyes went wide with hor-
146

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

ror as a thought struck him.

  “But the girl, Carol Dorne! She
must have tried to go through! You
said she was here too.”

  “I’m sorry. I had no time to tell
you.”

  Magruder lay back. It was a sicken-
ing thought. Carol Dorne trapped by
those slithering things, enveloped, over-
come.

  “What would happen to her?” He
hated to ask the question, but curiosity
was stronger than nausea.

  “Need you ask? It would not be
pleasant.”

  No. It would not. Better to think
of other things. He was here now
whether he had a reason or not. And
there was a great deal he wanted to
know about this land of Murd.

  “Just where are we?”

  His companion pondered the ques-
tion. Apparently it was not an easy
one to answer.

  “On Murd. Just as before we were
on Earth.”

  “Yes, but—”

  “In relation to Earth, you mean? I
simply do not know. The Drums trans-
ported us, but whether through space,
or time, or something else I can’t say.”
He leaned oi\ his elbow and smiled.
“I think we are going to be together
for a while. We should know each
other’s names. I am Vergor.”

  “I’m Lane Magruder.” He put out
his hand and felt again Vergor’s icy
one.

  “Here’s a question I hope you can
answer, Vergor. If Murd is not on
Earth, how is it you speak English?

  “I don’t. Nor do you speak my
language. You may have noticed that
most of the time I’m talking my lips
don’t move. What each of us gets is
the mental image beneath the other’s
words. Then we translate it into our
own tongues.”

  “That makes sense. We hear with
our minds as much as with our ears.
But I’d sure like to know the
mechanism.”

  “My advice is to try to leave before
you find out too much about Murd.”
“That sounds bad. But you were
anxious to get back here.”

  “I left Murd through no fault of my
own. I was running away from some-
one and in a desperate attempt to
escape I ran into the Valley of Lura.
I was between the Drums when they
began to beat.”

  “And the next thing you knew you
were on Earth.”

  “Yes. I was in that apartment.
Some men had been working there,
decorating. One of them came back
for something he had forgotten and I
hid behind a door and saw how different
he was from me. I used some white
powder from a can in the room to dis-
guise my color. Then I stole some
clothes they had left hanging and ran
out. Since then I have been trying
to get back.”

  “But how could you be sure you’d
land in Murd?”

  “I wasn’t sure. But I had a reason
for wanting to return. There was a
woman in my case too.”

  “I never saw Carol Dorne,” Ma-
gruder told him. “Just her picture. I’m
an amateur criminologist who works
with the police occasionally. But the
point is, how do the Drums work? Can
I be sure they’ll take me back to
Earth?”

  “I don’t know.”

  “Does anybody on Murd know?”
“Perhaps the Hadri. It will be better
if you never meet them.”

 “Why?”

  “Because—”

  Vergor never finished what he was
about to say. His wide, almost color-
less eyes were filled with fear as he
THE DRUMS OF MURD

147

scrambled to his feet. Magruder
leaped up beside him.

  “What’s the matter?”

  “I thought I heard something. We’d
better get out of here.”

TT WAS too late. Men poured from
A behind a mass of foliage a few yards
to their left. And their expressions
showed they were not friendly.

  Vergor’s fist clubbed down the first
man to reach him. Beside him, Ma-
gruder went into action without think-
ing. He swept aside a pair of hands
that reached for his throat, drove a
punch home to his opponent’s jaw.
The man went down.

  Magruder felt better. There was
nothing like action^ to take a man’s
mind off his worries. His fists pumped
furiously. Whatever these men were
they had only two hands each. They
could be hurt. And beside him Vergor
was proving that he knew how to fight.

  But for every man who went down
there was another to take his place.
Vergor and Lane were back to back,
completely hemmed in. They drove
back one attack only to face another.
Then the wave of blood-red, icy bodies
swept over them, engulfed them.

  When they were hauled to their feet
again their hands were securely bound
behind them. Magruder found himself
surrounded by men in short tunics who
poked at him curiously and ran their
fingers over his skin to see if it would
rub off. He looked at Vergor and saw
a bitter smile on the Murdan’s face.

  “Some of your questions about Murd
will soon be answered,” Vergor told
him.

  Magruder didn’t like the way he
said it.

  They were shoved down a trail that
was hard packed from long use. On
both sides were stranger flowers and
trees which grew in queer, distorted

shapes. Magruder would have liked to
tarry but he was pushed rudely along.

  At the bottom of a long incline the
trail ended, and they were in flatter
country. Tilled fields took the place
of the disorderly growth. And only a
mile or so ahead was a city.

  Magruder gasped. Every color of the
spectrum glistened from the glassy
walls of the city. And the walls rose
to form a dome which completely en-
closed it.

  In the fields thousands of the red
skinned men were working, dressed in
the same sort of tunics their captors
wore. The only difference was in color.
The men who surrounded Vergor and
Magruder wore garments of rich blue.
Those of the fields wore dull gray.
And none of the workers raised his
head to look at the men who passed.

  Magruder was puzzled. Plainly
Murd was in many ways a backward
land. It was obvious that the men in
the fields were little more than slaves.
And they worked the ground with
pointed sticks. Then too there were
those who had captured him and Ver-
gor. Not one carried a weapon of any
sort.

  Yet the Murdans had also built the
city which was now drawing close. And
it was a miracle of engineering which
Magruder could hardly accept on the
evidence of his eyes. For as he came
nearer he saw the entire dome was
constructed of a single piece.

  They entered the city through an
opening in the glassy wall. And in-
side the picture was different. People
thronged the wide avenues, all of them
wearing blue tunics. And here the men
were armed, each of them with some
pistol-like weapon at his belt. The
women wore bands of jewelled metal
across their foreheads. Magruder could
not help admiring the grace with which
they moved.
148

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

  He soon saw where he and Vergor
were being taken. In the center of the
city a great building rose, towering
over all the rest. At the entrance armed
men swarmed, apparently a guard of
some sort. They parted to let through
the party with Vergor and Magruder.

TNSIDE there was nothing but a great

  hall, its sides banked with comfort-
able seats on which blue-robed Mur-
dans lolled. Thousands of eyes fast-
ened with interest on Magruder as he
and Vergor were marched toward the
dais at the end of the hall.

  Three men sat on that dais, and they
were very old. Their red skins were
wrinkled, their arms thin and withered.
And their old, cruel eyes were intent on
a gray robed man who was being held
on his knees below them by a pair of
armed men.

  The trial, if it was a trial, was over
quickly. Apparently no consultation
between the old ones was necessary.
All three nodded with a single motion.

  “Destroy him.”

  The ones in the seats were leaning
forward, each apparently afraid that he
might not be able to see well. This was
execution chamber as well as court,
Magruder realized. He saw one of the
guards draw the weapon from his belt
and point it at the kneeling man.

  There was a quick drumming sound,
a sound that rose in pitch and intensity.
The body of the man on the floor began
to quiver, and he staggered to his feet.
He turned slowly, unable to control his
quivering, his face contorted in agony.

  Magruder flushed with anger. This
was torture. Around him the hall was
filled with laughter at the antics of the
agonized victim. And above the laugh-
ter rose a shriek that went higher and
higher until it choked off.

Magruder stumbled forward as a
hand hit his back. Beside him Vergor

too was being roughly pushed toward
the dais. Both of them were forced to
their knees.

  “These are the Hadri,” Vergor whis-
pered. There was fear in his voice.
Magruder had already guessed as
much.

  “This one/’ the leader of their cap-
tors said, pointing to Vergor, “escaped
a long time ago. We found him today
near the valley of the Lura. With him
was this strange one.”

  Malevolent eyes drilled into Mag-
ruder. The eyes asked questions, and
suddenly he knew that without his con-
sent they could not have the answer.
For they could know his thoughts only
when he himself was trying to com-
municate them.

  “Where are you from?” The ques-
tion was shot at him.

  “From Earth.”

  “You lie. You have been sent by the
Green Ones.”

  “Never heard of them,” Magruder
grunted. Unless the Hadri adopted
other tactics they were going to get
little out of him.

  “Again you lie. You cannot deceive
the Hadri.”

  Suddenly Magruder was fed up. He
was sick of the cruelty he had seen.
And he had a pretty good idea by now
of the way things were run in Murd.

  “I don’t have to deceive you. You’re
just three old fools who are no better
than anyone else.”

  The great hall was filled with the
horrified gasps of the Murdans who
lined the walls. Magruder himself
found he was holding his breath, wait-
ing for the order he knew was coming.
The old eyes glared down at him.
“Destroy him. Slowly.”

  Magruder saw the deadly weapon
slide out of the guard’s belt. It came
up, and he saw a finger tighten on the
trigger. This was it.
THE DRUMS OF MURD

149

Behind them there was a commotion.

CHAPTER IV

“rT''HEY have caught another White
    One!” someone shouted.

  Down the length of the great hall
heads were turning toward the entrance.
The weapon which was pointed at
Magruder wavered, then was holstered
at a command from the Hadri. The
old men were looking over his head and
Magruder turned to see what was
going on.

  A group of men, all of them armed,
came hurrying down the aisle. And be-
tween them they carried a struggling
captive. They were almost on him be-
fore Magruder saw the ash-blonde hair.

  “Carol Dorne!” he gasped.

  At the sound of her name the girl
stopped struggling. She let the guards
set her on her feet. Her clothes were
torn and dirty, her face scratched, but
to Magruder she looked as good as her
photograph. She gaped at him as
though unable to believe her eyes.

  “A human being! Oh, I’m so glad.
I—”

  She tottered and would have fallen
had Magruder not braced her with his
body. He could easily imagine what
she had been through. That she was
still alive was miracle enough.

  “You’ll be all right,” he told her.
“Nothing to worry about.”

  He wished he could believe his own
words. He tried to. Now that he had
found Carol Dorne he discovered that
he was anxious to live.

  “I wish I could believe that,” she
echoed his thoughts. “Since yesterday
I’ve been lost in this horrible place.
Like a nightmare.”

  Then the men about them were push-
ing them both to their knees. Slowly
the excitement in the great hall faded,
the buzzing of conversation ceased. The

Hadri looked down on the two.

  “It is plain you are not a Murd.
Even the Green Ones have the per-
foration in their foreheads. Never have
we seen any like you. From where do
you come?”

  “From Earth,” Magruder said for
the second time.

  “This you told us before. But wher^
is it?”

  Magruder shrugged. A little while
ago he had been hoping the Hadri
could answer that. Now he knew they
were as much in the dark as he.

  “You cannot answer that,” the Hadri
said. “Which proves you lie. If there
were such a place you could tell us its
location. How did you get here?”

  “The Drums brought us,” Magruder
said.

  There was a shocked silence which
told him more than words. He should
never have mentioned the Drums. If
what Vergor said was true, that they
were the only ones who had ever been
between the Drums, then nobody would
believe' him.

“Not only do you lie to us, but you
dare to tell us this,” the Hadri said.
“No man sees the Drums and lives.”
“Then believe what you want,”
Magruder bristled.

  “We believe you are lying, and we
have ways of finding out the truth. You
were not alone when you were found.
This slave was with you.”

  A tall, broad-shouldered man came
out of the crowd and made his way
down the aisle. He wore a blue tunic
and carried a weapon with a jewelled
handle.

  “The slave, Vergor, was mine until
he ran away. I claim him.”

  “We will decide that later, Gren.
Perhaps you can cast some light on
this matter.”

  “None. Except that when he es-
caped he wore the clothes of a slave
150

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

and now he is dressed as this man.”
“We see that. It proves that he is
in league with them.”

  “Not at all,” Magruder interrupted.
There was no use making things harder
for Vergor than they had to be. It
wouldn’t help Carol or him any if
Vergor were killed.

  “We will hear what the slave has to
say about that.”

  “Nothing.” Vergor was defiant, his
head thrown back proudly.

  “So you defy us too. Very well. The
next questioning will be tomorrow. In
the Hall of the Ancients.”

  Vergor started and Magruder saw
that he was terror stricken. Perspira-
tion ran down his face in streams and
he was biting his lips. But his head
was still high.

rT''HE Hadri were looking at Vergor
as though they expected him to give
in. When they saw he had no intention
of saying anything they nodded to the
guards. A circle of armed men formed
about the three prisoners.

  “Wait!”

  It was Gren. Evidently he was a man
of more than a little importance, for
the Hadri stopped the guard with an-
other gesture and waited for Gren to
speak.

  “I need the slave. Tonight is the
harvest of the Serus, and we have not
nearly enough men.”

  “Must it be done tonight?”
“Tomorrow it will be over-ripe. I
could also use these two if they might
be put in my custody. If not, much
may be lost.”

  “And what if they escape? As the
slave did?”

  “They cannot escape. The Serus
gardens are not like the open fields.
And until tonight I will keep the three
of them locked in a dungeon.”

  Whatever the Serus was, it meant

a great deal to the Hadri, Magruder
recognized. They held a hurried and
whispered conference on the dais.

  “You may take them, Gren. But
see that they are here tomorrow.”

  The guard around the three stepped
back and its place was taken by Gren’s
own men. Moving quickly they herd-
ed Carol and the two men toward the
entrance. Gren himself led the way.

  Curious men and women gathered in
crowds and tried to push close to ex-
amine the two who came from another
world. But Gren’s men kept them at
a distance, kept the three captives go-
ing at a fast pace.

  Magruder was dead tired and so
was Vergor. But it was on Carol that
the going was hardest. Once she
slipped and fell. One of the guards
grabbed a handful of her hair and
hauled her to her feet again. Her teeth
bit into her lips but she refused to
scream.

  Magruder felt a surge of admiration
for her. And at the same time his dis-
gust and hatred for the Murdans rose
to a new height. He had a pretty good
idea by now of their barbarity.

  With a twist of his body he flung
himself about so he faced the guard.
Magruder’s foot shot out and cracked
against the Murdan’s shin. There was
a howl of pain and rage, and for a sec-
ond time Magruder had one of the
pistols pointed at him.

  Gren’s own hand struck down the
gun.

  “He will die soon enough. But first
he must enjoy the harvest of the Serus
—to the full!”

  Magruder was under no delusion that
Gren meant him a kindness. Maybe it
would have been better for him and
Carol to die in the valley of the Lura.
Compared to what was probably in
store for them that would have been
a pleasant death.
THE DRUMS OF MURD

151

AT THE very edge of the city was
Gren’s palace, a sprawling edifice
only slightly smaller than the palace
of the Hadri. Gates of the quartz-like
material swung wide and then shut be-
hind the party.

  Slaves were everywhere in the palace.
The grey-tuniced men and women kept
their eyes down as the three captives
were marched down long corridors.
Apparently the women slaves did little
work, and Magruder noted that in fig-
ure and grace they were more than the
equals of their mistresses.

  He noticed too that Vergor was star-
ing at one of the women slaves in par-
ticular. She stood at the end of the
corridor down which they marched, a
beautifully formed young girl whose
eyes flashed as she saw Vergor. Then
her head was bowed again, sadly.

  There was a door at the end of the
corridor, and beyond it a flight of stairs
which led down into the bowels of the
palace. The air was musty here, and in
the half-light Magruder saw a row of
heavy doors. One of the doors was
open and the party paused before it.

  “In here,” Gren ordered.

  “Wait,” Magruder said as one of the
guards shoved him into the cell. “If
you want us to do any work tonight
you’d better untie our hands.”

  Gren hesitated. Yet what Magruder
had said was right. The three had
been too conscientiously bound. By
night their arms and hands would be
so numb that it would take hours to
restore circulation.

  “Very well. They cannot escape.”

  The sinister guns covered the three
as their bonds were cut from them. A
moment later the heavy door had shut
behind them and they were alone in
the tiny cell.

  As soon as he was sure the guards
were gone Magruder got to work. Using
his knuckles he tapped and found it

locked from the outside in a manner
which prevented its being picked. And
all the air in the cell came from a tiny
vent far upon the wall.

  “I guess we’re stuck here until Gren
comes for us,” Magruder shrugged. He
turned to the girl.

  “I’m Lane Magruder. I was help-
ing the police look for you after you
vanished. And this is Vergor, a native
of Murd.”

  “You keep calling this Murd. But
what is it, and where? One minute I
was in that penthouse and the next min-
ute I was standing at the edge of a
cliff. I was so frightened I started to
run. Then those awful things began
crawling for me in that canyon. By
the time I got out I was so terror strick-
en I couldn’t think. I just wandered
around until I was picked up.”

  “I know how you felt,” Magruder
said sympathetically. “I went through
it myself. And as for answering your
questions, I’m certainly going to try.”
“They cannot be answered.” Vergor
was bitter. “I thought the Hadri knew.
But even they don’t. They are as
afraid of the Drums as any Murdan.”
“What about those guns?”

  “Yes, they know how to use them.
But the power comes from the Drums
of the Ancients.”

  “And who were the Ancients?”
“No one knows. They lived on
Murd eons ago. It is said that in those
days there were no masters and no
slaves. Even the Green Ones were
peaceful. The Ancients built this city.”
“I thought so,” Magruder grunted.
“It would take a high order of civiliza-
tion to do the job. And so far I’ve seen
no indication of any machinery which
would show the presence of such a civil-
ization.”

  “No. All that is left is the evil pow-
er of the Drums. Nothing which was
good remained.”
152

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

 “But if nobody knows how the
Drums work how will we ever get back
to Earth?” Carol asked plaintively.

  “I think IVe got the glimmer of an
idea,” Lane told her. “At least what
the principle is. It’s based on the new
theories of matter: that matter is noth-
ing more than a pulsation of energy,
which comes and goes at the rate of bil-
lions of times a minute.”

  “I’m afraid I’m not very scientific,”
Carol smiled. “I know what a pulse is,
but not much about energy or matter.”
“That’s enough for our purpose,
which is after all theoretical. A pulse
comes and goes, throbs. So does ener-
gy. And if it goes it must go some-
where. Murd is the other end of the
beat. At a certain point the Drums
have the power to attune us to that beat.
Who knows if the Ancients are not
really our ancestors, and if they didn’t
use the Drums to migrate to Earth mil-
lions of years ago?”

  “It must be so!” Vergor cried excit-
edly. “We have a legend which says
that there will come a day when the
Drums will beat as they did in those
days. Then the children of the An-
cients will return to restore our free-
dom.”

  “Well, we have returned,” Magruder
grinned. “But we aren’t doing so well.
The nice little feudal system you’ve got
seems likely to outlive us.”

  Carol Dorne had been leaning against
a wall but she now came to Magruder’s
side and put her hand on his arm. She
had cheered up considerably.

  “At any rate, I feel more hopeful
since I’ve met you, Lane. Anyone who
can smile in a spot like this is far from
licked.”

  “Good. That’s the way I want you
to feel. At least we know we’re going
to be let out tonight. There might be
a chance to escape.”

  “There is no place where we can go,”

Vergor said glumly.

  “You got away, didn’t you?”

  “I was fortunate. I was working in
the fields when Gren came by and saw
me talking with my sweetheart. He
liked her and started to drag her away
and I struck him. His men were on
my heels but I reached the valley of
the Lura just as they parted for a few
moments. Past that valley there is
nothing but rocks and sand. A man
would die in a few days.”

  “Do you mean that all the habitable
land in Murd is just the few miles
around the city?”

  “Exactly.”

  “Then what about the Green Ones?
Whoever are they?”

^/^T THE mention of the Green Ones
Vergor trembled. As cruel and
vicious as the Murdan nobility was, it
seemed the Green Ones must have it all
over them. Here Vergor stood on the
brink of torture and death and yet he
feared them.

  “No one knows. They are devils.
Once in several months they raid the
fields. But they come in things which
fly through the air, such as I saw when
I was on Earth. And never has a cap-
tive taken by them returned.”

  “So they have planes?” Magruder
mused. “That means they’re quite ad-
vanced, devils or not. Then why don’t
they take the city?”

  “They cannot penetrate the dome,”
Vergor explained. “And they have no
defense against the vibro-guns. You
have not yet seen what the big ones
can do.”

  “And the poor slaves are always in
the middle, between their own masters
and the raids of the Green Ones,” Ma-
gruder muttered. “Very reminiscent
of a period in the Earth’s history. But
it didn’t last forever.”

  “It will here. There is no hope. The
THE DRUMS OF MURD

153

slaves work and the Hadri and nobles
take their produce and their women for
their own purposes.”

  “By the way,” Carol interrupted,
“did you know that slave girl upstairs?
She started when she saw you.”

  “That was Gelda, my sweetheart.
Gren is keeping her for the Feast of
the Serus.”

  Magruder was pacing the floor. There
were so many things he wanted to know
and so little time to learn them. Not
only his life, but Carol’s too might de-
pend on a knowledge of some small
fact.

  “What’s the significance of the Se-
rus?”

  “It’s a plant which blooms only one
night in the year. From it a certain
drink is made which the nobles use
at the Feast. And also another sub-
stance which the Hadri use and which
gives them longer life.”

  “But why did Gren insist that we be
turned over to him for tonight?”
“Because all who harvest the Serus
must die. Apparently he hasn’t enough
slaves to spare. And since the Serus
gardens are his the Hadri had to give
in to him. He is the most powerful of
the nobles.”

  “And tomorrow? What happens in
the Hall of the Ancients?”

  “I have seen only one who was ques-
tioned there. He was dead. The Had-
ri made the slaves bury him so that we
should be frightened. Blood oozed
from every pore and his face was so
contorted that we could not recognize
him.”

  Carol started to shudder and Ma-
gruder put his arm around her shoul-
der. He kept it there even after she
stopped shaking but she didn’t seem to
mind.

  “I guess it’s tonight or not at all,
then,” he said. “We’ll make a break
for it the first chance we get.”

  Vergor shook his head sadly.

  “I’m sorry to dash your hopes, but
escape won’t be possible. The gardens
will be surrounded by armed men.”

  “Then we’ll at least die fighting,”
Magruder told him.

  His eyes met Carol’s and she smiled
bravely. It was too bad, he thought,
that dreams had to end this way so
often. He had followed a face on a
photograph and found that the girl the
face belonged to was just what he’d
thought she’d be.

  “It’s all my fault,” she said. “If it
weren’t for me you’d be safe now.”

  “If I had it to do over again,” Ma-
gruder told her, “I’d do exactly what I
did.”

CHAPTER V

TT WAS several hours before Gren
came to get them, and when Mggru-
der saw the number of armed men the
noble led his heart fell. Gren was tak-
ing no chances.

  The three were marched quickly up
the stairs and out of the palace into a
moonlit night. Overhead the dome
glistened and the streets were almost
as bright as day.

  The gardens were just outside the
walls, but separated from the field by
a low wall. Already there were slaves
at work, and on the wall stood armed
men at short intervals. Those who had
escorted Carol and Vergor and Magru-
der took up similar positions.

  White blossoms covered the ground
so thickly that they seemed like a blan-
ket of snow. Each flower was the size
of a rose in full bloom, and their com-
bined scent was sickeningly sweet and
overpowering.

  Vergor picked up a short, curved
knife from a pile of them which lay
inside the wall. Magruder and Carol
followed his example, followed him as
154

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

he took a basket from a nest of them.
Vergor needed no instructions. All
that had to be done was to imitate other
slaves.

  No attempt was made to separate the
three. Working side by side they bent
to cut the Serus blossoms. Alongside
them other slaves were busy doing the
same, busy filling their baskets, but
the movements of these others were
robot-like. They knew they were
doomed and already the life seemed
gone from them.

  Near the low wall one of the slaves
suddenly dropped his knife and bas-
ket and straightened up. Whether he
meant to run or was merely resting for
a moment Magruder never found out.
For instantly a vibro-gun was pointed
at the man. This slave died slowly,
his scream going on and on above the
drumming of the gun. It was a warn-
ing to the others.

  “We’ve got to work our way close
to the wall,” Lane muttered to Vergor.

  “Yes. Our only chance would be to
attack them before they can turn their
guns on us,” Vergor agreed. “And we
have our knives for weapons.”

  But the plan was frustrated before
it was fully started. As the three be-
gan drifting from the row in which they
worked Magruder felt the guns turn
with them. One of the guards barked
a loud command.

  “Stay where you are! One step more
and you die!”

  Magruder’s insides were tied in a
knot and he felt the knife slip against
his sweating palm. It was no use. The
guards were too wary. Turning his
head, Lane saw that Carol’s face wore a
mask of hopelessness. Vergor was go-
ing back to work, and now his move-
ments were dull, like those of the oth-
er automatons. And already their row
was almost finished. The end of the
harvest was close.

  As silently as hawks the green ships
swooped down on the field. The guards
were caught completely by surprise, a
dozen of them swept from the wall as
a ship came in low for a landing.

  By the time Magruder got his head
up hatches were swinging open. Green-
skinned men poured out in waves,
spreading swiftly to scoop up slaves
who were paralyzed by fright. Others
of the Green Ones carried weapons
which sent a hail of pellets toward the
guards on the walls.

T>UT cruel as the nobles of Murd
might be they were not cowards.
For only an instant did surprise hold
them. The drumming of the vibro-guns
filled the air as they swung into action.

  Disregarding the stupefied slaves
Gren’s men left the walls and raced over
the fields toward the green ships. Now
the guns were pitched high and green
men were beginning to fall. Fully a
third were cut down before they could
take a backward step.

  Near Magruder one of the Green
Ones halted. Apparently a leader, the
green man waved his comrades back
toward the ship they had come from.
But he was too late. From three sides
the Murdans converged on him and his
crew.

  “Take them alive!” someone shouted.

  The green men were confused. Those
who carried weapons were given no
chance to use them. The rest were
trapped. Magruder felt Carol Dome’s
hand on his.

  “Now is our chance. Let’s run for
it!”

  His mind raced. By the time they
could get past the walls the fight would
be over. Pursuit would come too quick-
ly for them to get away. And yet to
stay meant torture and death. There
was only one other possibility.

  “Follow me,” he told the girl. “You
THE DRUMS OF MURD

155

too, Vergor. And don’t be afraid to
use your knife!”

  The Murdan guards were already
past them. Before they were aware of
the danger from behind, Magruder and
Vergor were on them. Two knives
rose as one and sank into blue-tuniced
backs.

  Startled, a Murdan whirled and
aimed his gun at Magruder. But
Lane’s foot shot out to hit his thigh
and throw him off balance. Before
the Murdan could get his hand up again
Magruder had scooped up a dead man’s
gun. The man from Earth shot from
the hip, the gun vibrating against the
heel of his palm.

  Beside him Vergor had picked up a
vibro-gun and was using it on the Mur-
dans. Two of them went down, then
another, as Magruder cut loose again.
The rest of the Murdans came around
to meet the unexpected attack.

  But now the green men went into ac-
tion, quickly taking advantage of the
chance Magruder and Vergor had giv-
en them. The Murdans were caught
from two sides at once. Their line shat-
tered, and before it could re-form the
green men broke through.

  Magruder grabbed Carol’s hand and
dragged her along with him as he and
Vergor ran with the Green Ones toward
their ship. Before anyone could stop
them he had lifted her through an open
hatch and was beside her. Behind
them came Vergor and then a flood of
green-skinned men. The hatch swung
out and at a shouted command the
slender ship lifted.

  Other green ships were taking to the
air with them. Out of a porthole Ma-
gruder saw them, long and cigar shaped,
of some strange metal. He also saw
something else below, something that
froze his blood.

  Directly above the palace of the
Hadri the great dome was opening!

And from the roof of the palace rose a
battery of giant guns. Ahead of Ma-
gruder the green skinned commander
yanked back a control stick and the
ship shot straight up like an arrow.

  A great drumming sound filled the
air, penetrated into the ship itself. To
the left a green ship was caught by the
giant vibro-guns and Magruder saw it
shudder. Then it went out of control,
twisting end over end, shaken from
stem to stern.

  It broke into fragments that fell to
the ground like a green snow. And
mixed with falling bits of metal were
the bodies of slaves and green men. The
great drumming grew louder.

^^ND ther own ship began to tremble.

    They would never be able to get
out of that deadly beam of vibration,
Magruder knew. For the ship contin-
ued straight up without any attempt to
evade it.

  He leaped for the control stick, swept
the commander out of the way. Before
anyone could stop him Lane had thrown
the stick forward, then to the side. The
ship went into a screaming dive to the
side. Men shouted as they were thrown
in all directions.

  Magruder clung to the stick with
all his strength as they rocketed down-
ward. Directly for the dome he head-
ed, then at the last possible moment
yanked upward again. Frantically the
men who manned the guns tried to
keep him in their sights.

  Again he threw the ship into a side-
slip. By the time the guns had swung
downward again he was levelling off.
The shuddering of the green ship grew
less and was gone. And they were
hurtling low above a desert bathed in
moonlight.

 Now that it was over Magruder
found that he was sweating profusely,
his arms gone suddenly weak. It had
156

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

been a close call, as close as any he
had ever experienced. The green man
he had pushed from the control stick
was at his side and Magruder motioned
him to take over.

  “I’m sorry I had to be so rough—”
“There was no time for politeness,”
the commander dismissed the apology.

  He was a tall man, powerfully built,
with a proud bearing and direct eyes
of a luminous green. With no trace of
nervousness he took the stick and
changed course slightly, then turned to
scrutinize Magruder.

  “I am Beral, commander of the Green
Fleet. Twice tonight you saved my
life and the lives of my men. Yet you
are not of Murd. Why did you do it?”
“To save our own lives,” Lane admit-
ted frankly. “I didn’t know for sure
what we were getting into; but I knew
well enough what we were getting out
of.”

  “Were you a slave?”

  “No. You guessed it when you said
the girl and I were not of Murd. It
would be hard to explain who we are
and how we got here.”

  “From a man who saved my life I
do not demand explanations. Yet I
admit astonishment at the way you han-
dled this ship. Never have I seen such
a thing.”

  “I commanded a squadron of flying
ships in my own country’s air fleet
during a war,” Magruder explained.
“Will you teach us how?”

  “Be glad to do it.”

  “Good. It will save many lives in
the future. And we have none to spare.”
Beral’s eyes appraised Magruder.
Apparently the commander liked what
he saw for he nodded and turned his at-
tention to Carol. His stare was frank-
ly curious, but respectful, and when she
smiled at him he responded with a
friendly smile of his own.

  Other green men clustered about her,

examining her gravely. One of them
reached out a tentative finger and Carol
let him touch her arm. He grunted
with surprise.

  “It is warm!”

  “Don’t frighten her,” Beral snapped.

  The men stepped away and the com-
mander turned his attention to Vergor.
Magruder knew Vergor was inwardly
frightened, yet he showed no fear. Beral
nodded again.

  “Your tunic shows you to be a slave.
But you hold your head up like a man.
And you were not afraid to fight.”

  “I too fought for my own life,” Ver-
gor told him stoutly.

  “As every man should.” Beral’s tone
became one of wonder. “But for a
Murdan not to fear the Green Ones!
Not to fear the green devils who eat
human flesh!”

TUT IS men broke into shouts of laugh-
ter, and Beral himself chuckled.
Vergor stared at them in astonishment.

  “Then it isn’t so?”

  “Of course not.”

  “Then why are you always raiding
our city and taking off slaves?” Vergor
was frankly skeptical.

  “So that the Green Race should not
die out. We have five men to every
woman. You will find that almost all
the slaves we’ve taken have been
women.”

  “But where do you take them?” Ver-
gor wanted to know. He was gaining
confidence. “There is nothing but des-
ert on all of Murd.”

  “Yes,” Beral said bitterly. “Only
one fertile spot, and one city which
our own ancestors helped to build. And
we are denied the right to live there.
When the Ancients left we were driven
into the desert by the Red Ones. And
they call us barbarians!”

  He jammed the stick forward angri-
ly and the nose of the ship tilted down-
THE DRUMS OF MURD

157

ward. Below them Magryder saw only
white sands, and a little way ahead rose
the face of a barren cliff. The other
ships of the fleet were slanting down
as if for a landing. But where?

  He had his answer in a moment. As
they drew close to the base of the cliff
a black spot appeared. The spot grew
larger until it became the yawning
mouth of a huge cavern. Without hes-
itation Beral guided his ship into the
great hole. Behind him the others fol-
lowed.

  Deep into the bowels of the mountain
they burrowed, with no relief from the
blackness. Then gradually it began to
lighten and Magruder could see ahead.
They were approaching some sort of
landing field.

  Men came running to greet them, the
first to reach Beral’s ship was an older
man, tall and straight and with an air
of authority. His face was lined with
years of worry and responsibility. While
others cheered as ships unloaded fresh
slaves, his first words to Beral were de-
spondent.

  “You’ve lost a ship.”

  “And we were fortunate at that, Har-
as,” Beral said. “If not for these three
here my own ship would never have left
the ground. And this one,” he pointed
to Magruder, “saved us even after we
were aloft.”

  Beral introduced the older man as
Haras, chief of the council. Past the
landing field Magruder saw a city
spread on the floor of the immense cav-
ern. Apparently it was governed in
some sort of democratic fashion. His
inference was proved correct as Haras
took his hand.

  “I extend to you the gratitude of all
our people,” the older man said. “We
can ill afford to lose a ship.”

  Vergor was staring about him in as-
tonishment and Haras and Beral gave
their attention to the Muraan.

  “What is it?”

  “I see former slaves walking about
without guards, as free as any of the
nobles of our city.”

  “There are no slaves here,” Haras
told him. “Each man is his own mas-
ter and has an equal voice in choosing
his leaders. And as long as our city
of Kuna shall stand it will remain so.”

  But there was a sadness in the proud
voice which made Magruder look at
Haras with narrowed eyes. Even Beral,
who seemed the sort that did not dis-
courage easily, was downcast. He saw
too that the rejoicing among the green
men had’ died down as they realized
one of the ships had failed to return.

  “After all, you did make a pretty fair
haul,” Magruder said to Beral.

  Beral shook his head. “The price
was far too high. You will learn why
later.”

THEY went along toward the city,
Haras, who sensed Magruder’s
curiosity, pointed out the interesting
features of the great cavern and tried
to explain them. The light which ev-
enly illuminated the vast expanse came
from the rock itself. In reply to Lane’s
question about a small lichen which
grew everywhere on the ground, Haras
was more explicit.

  “The merta. It is our only source
of food. After centuries our people
have found a variety of ways in which
to prepare it. Fortunately it contains
all the food substances necessary to
sustain life.”

  “And water?”

  We have a few springs. Also a cer-
tain porous rock which burns easily.
And out of those things and some metals
which are to be found here we have
built this city and managed to remain
alive.”

  “You’ve done more than that,” Lane
protested. “Those airships are marvels
•158

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

of engineering.”

  “Not at all. They are constructed
from a metal which is lighter than air.
It also has certain magnetic properties
which furnish the driving power of the
ships.”

  “What about the weapons I saw in
use?”

  “You must also have seen how in-
effectual they were. They use the pow-
er of coiled springs to shoot metal
balls.”

  Magruder nodded. He could see that
the green men had done very well with
the materials they had at hand. But
against the vibro-guns of the red Mur-
dans they were powerless.

  “Nevertheless you’ve managed to
more than hold your own,” he said.

  “Yes,” Haras admitted. “But that
will be true no longer. The supply of
metal for the airships is exhausted. We
face an insoluble problem. On the one
hand we must make raids or the race
will die out. Yet each raid brings us
closer to the end of our air fleet. And
when that is gone—”

  He did not have to finish. When
that was gone it would mean the pass-
ing of a brave people. Magruder felt
anger rise within him. The fields of
the red Murdans were fertile enough
to support both races, but they sup-
ported only the nobles of one.

  Given the opportunity and the mate-
rials these green men could have built
a flourishing civilization. The others
had only one scientific device, and that
was an evil one. But with that they
could doom the Green Race to exter-
mination.

  And how about himself and Carol
Dorne? Their immediate plight was
far from desperate. But they too were
doomed to remain on Murd, and that
was a prospect Magruder did not relish.
He had a few ideas, though and the
sooner he got to work on them the

better.

  “If it isn’t too presumptuous,” he
said to Haras, “I should like to offer
a suggestion. It’s based on my own
personal experience with war and on a
study of many campaigns.”

  “We shall welcome any suggestions
you might make,” the older man as-
sured him.

  “Good. The basic facts are clear.
You’re nearing the end of your re-
sources, yet every raid further depletes
them and weakens you more. The rest
is simply logic. All the strength you
can muster will have to be thrown into
an all-out attack with the intention of
taking the city. And the longer you
wait the less chance you’ll have.”
“Your reasoning cannot be denied,”
Haras told him. “The council was
forced to the same conclusion at its
last meeting.”

  “But there is one thing you’ve for-
gotten,” Beral cut in. “We haven’t a
chance of breaking into the city and we
have no defense against the vibro-guns.
They would wipe us out before we
reached the gates.”

CHAPTER VI

A/TAGRUDER had not forgotten
that. For the moment his mind
was busy with other details. There
was a chance which both Beral and
Haras overlooked. Patterns of action
had been developed in the green men
which they themselves could not break.
An outsider might see possibilities
which had not occurred to them. It was
Vergor who broke the gloomy silence
which had developed.

  “I have it! The plan you’ve been
discussing is bound to fail. But there
is a way to take the city.”

  “How?” Beral and Haras were both
skeptical.

  “By attacking simultaneously from
THE DRUMS OF MURD

159

both inside and out! The slaves are so
submissive that the nobles don’t fear
them. And many of them come into
the city at night. What if the slaves
revolted at the moment you attacked?”
“That would be perfect,” Beral
agreed. “But they won’t revolt.”
“They would if they have someone to
lead them. I’m positive I could do it.”.

  Haras and Beral were looking at
each other, their eyes suddenly hope-
ful. They could not help being affected
by Vergor’s enthusiasm. But Haras
thought of a difficulty.

  “The idea is excellent. And we could
land you even tonight, within an hour’s
walk of the city. But you too are
under sentence of death. If you were
caught the whole plan would fail.”

  “He doesn’t have to be caught,”
Carol interrupted.

  They stared at her in astonishment.
Until now they had completely for-
gotten about her. She had her purse
open and was excitedly rummaging
through the contents. While they
watched she brought out a slender
cylinder.

  “My lipstick,” she announced proud-
ly. “It’s almost exactly the color of
Vergor’s skin. I know enough about
make-up to disguise him so he’ll never
be recognized.”

  “It isn’t necessary to do anything
now,” Haras told her. “The plan seems
good, but first there must be a meeting
of the council.”

  “Then call it now,” Vergor said.
“One week from tonight is the Feast of
the Serus. That will be the ideal time
to strike. And even without disguise
I’m sure I could manage the thing.”
Men with toil worn hands and wise
eyes sat around the council table of
Kuna. But no amount of wisdom could
solve this problem. It was the most
crucial one they would ever be called
on to decide, yet it all depended on a

gamble.

  They listened carefully as Vergor
outlined his plan of action. His belief
in himself was so complete that it could
not help but sway them. In a corner of
the council room Magruder whispered
to Beral and Haras, and when the chief
of the council returned to the table he
seemed convinced.

  “I speak only for myself,” he said.
“But I think it should be done. And
since there is no time to lose we had
better vote on it now.”

  If there had been doubt in the coun-
cil’s mind before Haras spoke there was
none now. The vote was by a show of
hands. And the council was unanimous
in its approval.

  Then, while they watched, Carol
went to work on Vergor. Deftly she
applied the lipstick to his mouth, to the
corners of his eyes. When she was done
with his eyes and his mouth had grown
smaller. Faint wrinkles were filled in
so that he seemed younger. With an
eyebrow pencil she changed the appear-
ance of his teeth.

jy^URMURS of astonishment rose
from about the table. The change
in Vergor was so great that it was un-
believable. One council member, a for-
mer Murdan himself, swore he could
not tell where Nature ended and art
began.

  Beral cut short any further inspec-
tion of Carol’s handiwork.

  “We’d better get started now. Not
many hours of darkness remain.”
Magruder shook Vergor’s hand.
“Good luck. We’ll see you exactly one
week from tonight.”

  “And at this same hour,” Vergor told
him, “the feast will have just passed its
height and the nobles will be confused
by drink. I promise you the slaves will
rise at exactly the moment you land.”
They watched Beral’s ship until it
160

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

disappeared into the blackness of the
tunnel to the outside. Carol’s eyes were
moist when Magruder turned to face
her.

  “It takes real bravery to do what
Vergor’s doing,” she said.

  “Real bravery,” he echoed grimly.

  Haras was impatient. All the while
Beral’s ship had been preparing to take
off he had watched glumly. Now he
was eager to get away from the landing
field.

  “You had many things you wanted
to do,” he reminded Magruder.

  “I haven’t forgotten,” Lane assured
him. “But before we go any further
I’d like you to give this some more
thought. You’re staking a great deal
on me. And you never laid eyes on me
until tonight.”

  “No,” Haras admitted. “I can only
trust whatever insight my years have
given me into the character of men. I
don’t think you will fail us.”

  He chuckled and shook his head ad-
miringly.

  “After all, until today you did not
dream Murd existed. And still you
saw something which we had never
realized, that on some of our raids our
enemies must have captured one or two
of our men alive. Then too, you saw
the significance of other things which
had escaped us entirely.”

  “There are a good many things I’m
interested in, including human psychol-
ogy,” Magruder admitted. “Some of
those things should help solve the tech-
nical problems ahead of us.”

  He was still carrying in his belt the
vibro-gun he had taken from the dead
Murdan. Now he removed it, bent to
scoop up a handful of sand, and began
to rub it briskly on the stock of the gun.
Carol and Haras watched him.

  “What’s that for?” she wanted to
know.

  “Just testing to see if my reasoning

was correct,” he told her. He showed
them the scratches the sand had made
on the shiny stock.

  “But what does that prove?”
“Merely that the vibro-guns do wear
out in time.”

  Magruder was keyed to a high pitch.
He hoped the other ideas he had about
the deadly guns were equally correct.
If they were, there might be a surprise
in store for the Hadri and the Murdan
nobles. But first he had to get some
details out of the way.

  “About those two ships you said were
damaged in previous raids,” he said to
Haras. “You’re sure they’ll be ready a
week from tonight?”

  “They are almost ready now,” Haras
assured him. “The building in which
they are being repaired is at the other
end of the city, but I can take you
there if you wish.”

  “That won’t be necessary. What I
want now is a place where I can work.
And some capable assistants. Later I
may need the help of every artisan in
Kuna.”

  “All our resources are at your com-
mand. As for help, you will find that
every citizen of Kuna is a skillful
worker. In order that you should
know exactly how much to expect I
had better show you our workshops.”
“Good idea,” Magruder agreed.
“And right now is the time.”

CO OCCUPIED with his plans had he
been that he had almost forgotten
Carol. Turning to her now Lane saw
how tired she looked.

  “Do you mind if I don’t go along?”
she asked. “I feel as though I hadn’t
slept in weeks.”

  “You can stay at my own house,”
Haras suggested. “My wife will see
that you are made comfortable. We’ll
go there first and then proceed to the
shops.”
THE DRUMS OF MURD

161

  Whatever the green men of Kuna
lack in raw materials, Magruder
learned quickly, they made up in intel-
ligence and energy. Primitive forges
used bellows cunningly contrived from
impregnated cloth. Tools were simple
but well made.

  He picked up a tiny saw which lay
on the bench of a worker who was
patiently hammering a lump of metal
into a thin sheet. The worker did not
pause and Lane had to tap him on the
shoulder.

  “How strong is this saw?” Magruder
asked.

  “It will cut metal. If you have
enough patience.”

  “Good.” He laid the vibro-gun on
the bench. “I want you to saw this gun
in half, lengthwise. But see that noth-
ing inside is damaged.”

  The metal worker picked up the gun
and examined it. With the saw he test-
ed the stock and then the barrel. He
looked up smiling.

  “It will take almost no time at all.”
Working slowly at first he cut a fine
groove all the way around. Once the
guide line was exact his movements be-
came swift. His hand drew the tiny
saw back and forth in a smooth and
tireless rhythm. Quickly and surely
the groove deepened as he turned the
gun in his hand. There was a pause
for examination and then he tapped the
gun on the edge of the bench. It split
evenly, exactly down the center.

  Excitedly Lane examined the maze
of wires and tiny tubes which lay ex-
posed in a casing of the quartz-like
material of which the city of Murd was
constructed. Pressing the two halves
of the gun together again he pointed it
toward the ground and pulled the trig-
ger. There was a very faint hum.
“Good. Just what I thought.”

  “Do you mean you understand how
it works?” Haras asked in amazement.

  “At least the principle of the thing.
The hook-up is different from any I’ve
ever seen or read about. And this shiny
stuff has certain strange properties.”
“Then how will you duplicate it?”
Haras drooped with disappointment.

  “I don’t intend to. But if I can make
a generator and an interrupter we’ll
still be able to hand the Hadri a sur-
prise.”

  “What are those things?”

  “We use them on Earth. But they’d
be hard to explain. If you’ve got a bit
of the metal you make the airships
from I can see quickly enough whether
I can make them or not.”

T ANE slept little that day. The light
metal was hard and difficult to
work. Hours passed before a small
horseshoe was made of some. And
many more hours were needed to draw
a few yards of wire by hand.

  The finished product was crude. But
it worked. Magruder knew how Fara-
day must have felt as he watched the
spark leap from one lead-off wire to the
other.

  It was a beginning. But it was just
the beginning. To construct the thing
on a large scale was merely a repetition
of what they had done once, and the
workers sailed into the job.

  The trouble came with the other
equipment Magruder needed. With
nothing but a knowledge of principles
and an excellent memory for diagrams
he had once perused he went to work.
Almost everything had to be done
twice.

  Carol saw him for a few minutes each
day and then he was almost too tired to
speak to her. Already he was hoarse
from the constant stream of instruc-
tions he issued to the workers. For-
tunately they were quick to learn. And
when it came to willingness to work he
had never seen their equals.
162

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

  On the sixth day the job was done.
All that remained was the installation.
When that was finished Magruder had
only one desire, to sleep. Tension had
mounted to the breaking point.

  “Are you certain it will work?” Beral
asked.

  “No. How can I be certain?” Lane
shrugged wearily. “I’ve tested a model
but there’s no way to test the big one.”
“I shouldn’t have asked,” Beral
smiled. “There’s no turning back now.
But I suppose there isn’t one of us who
isn’t worried. What if it doesni’t work?”
Magruder nodded slowly. That was
the sixty-four dollar question.

CHAPTER VII

TT WAS still the question as the fleet
of slender green ships hovered over
the gleaming city. But now was no
time to think of it.

  “Vergor must have seen us by now,”
Beral was saying. He threw the stick
forward and slanted the ship toward
the gates, then turned to Lane and
Carol.

  “It’s a pretty complicated plan. I
hope it works.”

  “That’s all we can do, is hope,”
Magruder smiled. “If it doesn’t—well,
I couldn’t ask to die in better company.”
The ground was rushing up at them
and there was no more time for talk.
Men gathered around the hatches,
some holding bulky spring-powered
guns. All wore swords under their
tunics.

  The gates were open. They could see
that even before they landed. Beral
cut speed sharply, flattened out, and
they landed with hardly a jar less than
twenty feet from the gates.

  Many raids had made them adept at
these tactics. By the time Lane swung
the first hatch open the other ships
were alongside. Waves of green men

poured out, formed quickly into tight
squads. Directly ahead was the broad
avenue.

  There was no one to oppose their
entrance into the city of Murd. As
he came through the gates with the
first squad Magruder could see down
the entire length of the wide street.
And directly in front of the palace of
the Hadri was a milling, shouting
throng of slaves and nobles.

  “Just as you said it would be,” Beral
grunted to Magruder.

  The fleet commander turned in time
to see the last of the green men come
through the gates. Weapons were com-
ing up to shoulders as they ran down
the street. Until now not a single cry
of alarm had been raised.

  And then, so quickly that they had
no defense, they were surrounded!
From every building came Murdan
nobles to block the way ahead, to cut
off retreat, to prevent the green men
from fanning out. Hundreds of vibro-
guns made a circle of death around
the invaders.

  The ambush had been perfect. There
was no more throng in front of the
palace. It had dissolved into separate
groups of nobles and slaves. More
Murdans with blue tunics were coming
up.

  Cruel eyes were fastened on the
green men, fingers were taut on trig-
gers. There was a moment of silence.
Then the ranks of the nobles parted
and two men came through. One of
them was Gren. And the other was
Vergor!

  His disguise was gone, and gone
too was the gray tunic of the Murdan
slave. The blue garment Vergor wore
was of the finest cloth. The gun in
his hand glittered with jewels. A tri-
umphant smile played on his lips.

  “So that’s the way it is,” Magruder
said.
THE DRUMS OF MURD

163

  “Exactly,” Vergor grinned. “You
see me now in my true colors. Vergor,
brother of Gren and greatest . noble
of Murd.”

  He made a mocking bow to Carol.
“My own disguise was not bad, was
it? Nor my acting?”

  “But I don’t understand,” she said
bewildered. “You mean that the whole
thing was planned for the purpose of
trapping us all?”

  “That should be obvious. Of course
there was much I had to improvise. I
hadn’t planned on bringing guests to
Murd when I returned from Earth.
Once you were here I thought it ad-
visable to wait and see how I could
use you. And as slave I could gain
your confidence.”

  “But you couldn’t have planned on
the raid last week.”

  “No. And I pride myself especially
that I was so quick to see the opportuni-
ty and seize it. That was a stroke of
genius, if I may say so.”

  “I don’t believe that,” Carol told
him. “You didn’t have a chance to
speak to anyone since you and Lane
got here.”

  “Our methods of communication with
each other are more highly developed
than I led you to believe,” Vergor told
her. “It wasn’t necessary for me to
speak to anyone.”

  Carol’s eyes were still doubtful. She
looked at Magruder and Beral, then
back at Vergor.

  “How did you know you’d have a
chance to get back here?”

  “We knew the situation in Kuna.
There are ways to get information
from prisoners. I proposed the scheme
myself, if you remember.”

  “You were right all the way,” Beral
said admiringly to Magruder.

  Carol stared at them in astonish-
ment. She had missed much in the last
week. Vergor’s eyes widened.

  “So you thought of that,” he mur-
mured. “I suspected you were of a
high intelligence. We’ll be able to make
use of you.”

  “I still don’t understand,” Carol
insisted. “Why was the whole thing
necessary?”

  “Because we needed the airships,”
Vergor told her. “And this was the
only way I could see of getting them
undamaged.”

  “But why do you need them at all?”

'y/'ERGOR smiled and shrugged,
“Perhaps Magruder can answer
that question.”

  “It happens I can,” Lane told him.
“They were all that was necessary for
the Murdan invasion of Earth.”

  Vergor’s eyes shot up in astonish-
ment. Apparently he had been saving
that announcement as a triumph for
himself.

  “There were a few things wrong with
your act,” Magruder went on. “Only
a man with the greatest self-confidence
and ability could have remained on
Earth as long as you without being
noticed. And those are not the marks
of a slave.”

  “Pretty good,” Vergor admitted.
“Furthermore, the Murdan knowl-
edge of how the Drums operate was
plainly greater than you said it was.
You went to Earth knowing you could
come back. And you went as an ad-
vance scout. The Murdans were look-
ing for a fresh world to conquer.”
“Then why did you come back to
Murd with me?” Vergor asked.

  “I didn’t know all that until after I
got here. Shall I go on?”

  Vergor hesitated but Lane was not
waiting for a reply. He was anxious
to keep talking.

  “In the vibro-guns you had a weapon
which could have won the Earth. Ex-
cept for one thing, air power. You
164

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

soon found out that there was no de-
fense against bombing from the air
except with planes. And the Green
Ones could supply those.”

  “How could you be sure?” Vergor
demanded.

  “That was easy,” Magruder smiled.
“I tested the vibro-gun I had with me
and found it showed wear quickly. Yet
it was new, and so were all the others
I’d seen here. That meant you knew
how to manufacture them.”

  Vergor’s manner had grown wary. It
was plain that his mind was busy with
the implications of what Magruder had
said.

  “If you know all that why did you
let me come back here?”

  “I had a few tricks up my own sleeve.
If you were kept in Kuna how could
Carol and I get back to Earth? On a
direct attack we probably couldn’t get
into this city. And even if we did
there was a good chance that the mech-
anism of the Drums would be damaged.
This was the only way I could think of
getting in without a fight.”

  “Too bad you failed,” Vergor said
in mock consolation.

  “We haven’t, yet. Look up.”
Vergor’s eyes went upward. Up
above the dome, above the palace of
the Hadri, a green ship hovered. And
from the stern of the ship an antenna
dangled. Vergor laughed.

  “Now see what happens.”

  The dome was opening, and from the
roof of the palace a battery of big guns
swung upward. There was a drumming
and the green ship began to shudder.
Magruder held his breath. This was it.

  The drumming grew louder. But
now there was a new note. The beats
seemed to be coming closer and closer
together until they blended into a single
note.

  The green ship stopped shuddering. It
sank quickly, so quickly that the dome

could not close in time. And as it
touched the roof of the palace green
men swarmed from it to overrun the
men who manned the guns.

  “How do you like that?” Magruder
asked.

  He took a step toward Vergor and
the Murdan noble retreated. The vibro-
gun in Vergor’s hand came up and he
pressed the trigger. Nothing happened.

  “How—” he gasped unbelievingly.

  “Your guns are turned against them-
selves,” Lane said.

  He took another step forward and
Vergor retreated again. Magruder
kept talking.

  “It was simple once I got the idea.
All I had to do was construct a set
that picked up the waves from your
guns and sent them right back. Except
that it sends them back off beat. So
the hollows of the waves are filled in
and there’s no drumming, only a sus-
tained sound which does no harm.”

  He took another step and Vergor
threw his gun away, looked wildly
around. At swords point his men were
being forced to surrender.

  “I’ve been talking just to give the
men in the palace time to take over,”
Magruder told him. “The Hadri are
already captured. It’s too late to dam-
age the Drums.”

  “Not yet,” Vergor breathed.

  He flung himself around and was
running before anyone could lay a hand
on him. The move caught Magruder
by surprise. By the time he got going
Vergor was yards away and heading
straight for the palace.

npHE Murdan noble could run. Ma-
gruder’s flying feet ate up ground
at a prodigious rate but he gained only
inches. At the palace entrance he
skidded to a stop, swung in. Vergor
was half way down the great hall.

  Their footsteps echoing hollowly in
THE DRUMS OF MURD

165

the empty palace, the two men raced
toward the dais. Somewhere above
them Magruder heard the sound of
running men. But the Hadri were
gone, their three identical thrones va-
cant.

  Vergor leaped upon the dais and Ma-
gruder thought the Murdan had gone
mad when he saw him rush to the cen-
ter throne. But now Vergor seized
both arms of the throne and was swing-
ing it so that it faced toward the back
wall. A great section of the wall slid
back.

  A light shone through from behind
the opening and as Magruder followed
Vergor he saw that the wall had con-
cealed a stairway which led down into
the bowels of the palace. At break-
neck speed he piled down the stairs
after the Murdan.

  Near the bottom the stairs curved.
Taking the curve at full speed Ver-
gor slipped and Magruder gained a
few feet. When he reached the corri-
dor which opened off the stairway he
was only ten feet behind the Murdan.

  The corridor was short, ending in a
vast room. Thousands of small vibro-
guns in all stages of manufacture were
scattered about, and at the far end Ma-
gruder saw the gleaming barrels of
guns larger than those on the palace
roof.

  Three men were in the great room
besides Magruder and Vergor. They
were the Hadri. And they must have
got there only minutes earlier for they
were running down a long aisle as fast
as their old legs could carry them. Ver-
gor swung down the same aisle.

  Now Lane could see what Vergor’s
destination was. The aisle ended in a
great control panel, a gleaming single
sheet of the quartz-like material. One
side of the panel was bare except for a
large switch.

  The Hadri turned frightened faces

                          ♦

backward at the sound of the thudding
feet behind them. At the sight of Ver-
gor they brightened, then were panic
stricken again as they saw Magruder
so close behind.

  Without ceremony Vergor brushed
the old men aside. They were like
ancient withered dolls, and his mo-
mentum bowled them over, sent them
sprawling to block the way behind him.

  A frantic leap carried Magruder over
their heads. But even that took time.
Already Vergor was at the end of the
aisle and reaching for the switch on
the far side. Magruder could not pos-
sibly reach him in time to prevent him
from throwing it.

  With a speed born of desperation
Lane’s hand darted out to sweep a fin-
ished vibro-gun from a bench and fling
it toward the panel in a single motion.
It caught Vergor in the side of the head
just as his hand touched the switch,
knocked him off balance.

  Magruder was on him before he
could come around again. Lane’s fists
hammered blows at the Murdan,
brought the white liquid in a stream
from his lips. The advantage was Ma-
gruder’s, but Vergor was not finished
yet.

  Even as he fell his arms went around
the taller man’s legs. Magruder’s feet
shot out from under him and the back
of his head hit the floor. Half dazed
he saw Vergor scoop up the gun he
had thrown.

TLTE CAUGHT the Murdan’s wrist,
held on grimly while his head
cleared. But Vergor had the strength
of a madman. The gun turned slowly
inward. Magruder brought his fore-
head down sharply across the bridge
of the Bardan’s nose and drew a scream
of pain as bone splintered.

  Vergor’s hand relaxed and before he
could recover Magruder had the gun.
166

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

Now the tables were turned. Now'it
was Lane who was trying to break free
as they rolled on the floor.

  He had almost succeeded when Veiv
gor’s feet caught him in the pit of the
stomach. The kick drove Magruder
backward and as he came to his knees
he saw Vergor leaping for the switch.

  Lane’s finger tightened on the trig-
ger and the room echoed with the drum-
ming of the vibro-gun. Vergor’s leap
was arrested in mid-air. For a brief
instant his shriek rose above the drum-
ming, and then his shuddering body
fell. . . . INSIDE the green ship Beral
and Haras said goodby to Lane and
Carol. The faces of the green men were
troubled.

  “Are you sure the Drums will take
you back safely?” Beral asked.

  “As sure as it’s possible to be,” Ma-
gruder told him. “The beat of the
Drums is natural, and only becomes de-
structive when it is slowed down so that
it does not completely permeate the
body.”

  “For better or for worse,” Haras said,
“this will be the last time they beat. As
soon as you are gone we will throw the
switch that destroys them. They have
never been used for any but evil pur-
poses. And now that the Hadri and the
nobles have been eliminated there will
be no need for weapons on Murd.”

  The ship stirred slightly and brushed
against the face of the cliff where it hung
suspended. Carol turned from the port-
hole where she had been looking out.

  “It’s just about the time when the
Drums beat every day,” she said.

  Beral nodded and swung open the
hatch. There was a last handshake be-
fore Carol and Lane stepped out into
the cleft between the two gleaming
walls. Then the hatch swung shut and
the ship slid away.

  The beat came slowly at first and
Magruder saw Carol’s face whiten with

sudden fear. But before he could speak
the tempo quickened. He had just
enough time to take her hand. His
whole body was pulsating now.

  Again the blackness came, driving
away the daylight. It was a black cur-
tain which fell before them, behind
them, enveloped them in its fold.

  When the curtain parted they stood
on a terrace high above a lake which
sparkled in the moonlight. Far below
them was the string of lights which
marked the Outer Drive. Carol started,
looked down at the hand that clasped
hers, then up into Lane’s face.

  “We’re home,” he said quietly. She
shuddered.

  “Let’s get out of here, Lane. I’m
afraid of this place.”

  “There’s nothing to be afraid of any
more.” He smiled down at her. “After
our honeymoon we’ll come back here to
live.”

  She pulled her hand free and turned
and ran. The door was open and she
was in the hall when Magruder caught
up with her. Carol’s face was white
as he bent to kiss her.

  “I can still hear those drums in my
mind,” she trembled. “And as long as
we’d live here I’d be afraid they would
beat again.”

  “But Haras and Beral promised they
would destroy the drums,” he reminded
her.

  “We’ll never be sure.”

  “Wait. Listen.”

  The drums were beating again. The
two stood tense looking into the room.
But the beat was changing! The
rhythm was not the same. Suddenly
there was a crackling, ripping sound,
and the room was silent again.

  Magruder looked down at the girl
beside him. The fear was draining
from her face and she was smiling.

  “All right,” she said. “After our
honeymoon.”
EGYPTIAN FESTIVAL FOR ARES

★	By KAY

THE Egyptians were the first men to make
solemn assemblies and processions to the
temples of the gods in many scattered cities.
They held many festivals each year involving sac-
rifices honoring their gods. At Papremis they do
sacrifice and worship for Ares. When the sun be-
gins to go down, a great multitude of priests stand
near the entrance of the temple of Ares with
wooden clubs. Opposite them are stationed many
thousand other men who have come to the city
to make vows. They are also carrying wooden
staves. The image of their god, Ares, has been
taken from the temple the day before and now is
being returned. It is pulled in a little wagon by
a few attendants, and when they approach the
gateway of the temple the priests try to prevent
it from entering. The thousands of men who have

BENNETT	*

 come to the city to make their vows, come to the
 assistance of their god, and strike the priests, who
 in turn try to defend themselves. There is ajways
 a terrible fight with staves, and they break one
 another’s heads and many die.

   This solemn, but bloody, custom of worship was
 established for this reason: the mother of Ares
 used to dwell in this temple. Are6 was brought up
 away from her and when he grew up he came to
 visit his mother. The attendants of his mother’s
 temple had never seen him before and didn’t know
 who he was so they kept him away. Ares found
 men to help him from a neighboring city, and got
 rough with the attendants, entered the temple and
 visited his mother. So this exchange of blows has
 become the custom in honor of Ares on his festival
 day.

WHAT'S UNDER AN ANT HILL?

^	By SANDY MILLER	*

THE study of the habits of ants is one of the
most interesting subjects the insect world
provides. Ants have many social classes:
the royal caste, worker caste, warrior caste and
slave caste. Among them they have gardeners,
governesses, and hunters. They live in ant hills
that are designed architecturally perfect, and every
ant takes over at birth the task it was born to do
for the common good of the ant hill.

  We never stop to think of ants till we encounter
one face to face in our picnic salad. We usually
think of them as wingless as most of them are, but
the royal caste have wings. They are the princesses
who mate and become queens, each going to a new
place and populating a new city, and also the
princes who die soon after they mate. The winged
females are the largest, then the winged males and
then the wingless workers which are the smallest.
Each queen starts her own ant nest. She pulls off
her wings as soon as she has mated, and tunnels
under ground and lays her eggs. She feeds the
larvae on food which she brings up from her own
stomach. It isn’t very beneficial and there isn’t
enough to go around, therefore the first hatch of
ants is quite small and wingless and become the
workers of the various castes. The next hatch of
ants fares much better because the first hatch has
stocked the larder, and enlarged the ant hill and
made hundreds of tunnels and galleries, storerooms,
nurseries and gardens. Some ants go out hunting
dead insects that are many times larger than them-
selves, and drag them back down into their pan-

tries for the needs of the new babies. Some food
gatherers have two stomachs, one for their own
needs and one for bringing in the food for the
babies. Others are dairy farmers who capture herds
of plant lice and keep them in their barns and
milk them regularly for the children. Some go out
and load up on honey till they are about to burst
then come home and suspend themselves by their
hind legs from the ceiling of the pantry. Any little
child ant that has a sweet tooth can come in and
tap the mouth of the living honey cask.

  The gardeners gather leaves and other vegeta-
tion. They ferment them and a little fungi or tiny
mushroom grows out of it which they use for food.
Perhaps they make a mushroom sauce to use over
their beetle steaks.

  Usually the workers are sexless. Perhaps the
larvae is underfed so that it will fail to develop
sex and wings and therefore remain in the worker
caste. The best fed larvae get special food and
have elegant nurseries and are carried way to the
bottom of the ant hiU when danger is near.

  Some kinds of ants build huge ant hills six feet
high but most of them make their elaborate homes
under ground. Some species raid the homes of
smaller ants, kill the soldiers, and earn,' off the egg
cages from which will emerge young ants that will
become their slaves. One kind has become so de-
pendent on slave labor that without it they would
perish. They would just starve to death rather
than do a little work for themselves. Mankind
might find a moral there.
THE ONLY PULP HE READS

Sirs:

  I was first introduced to the Ziff-Davis line
with the second issue of FANTASTIC ADVEN-
TURES. The colorful cover sold me on the maga-
zine, and I enjoyed it so much that I went right
out and bought an AMAZING STORIES. I’ve
been reading every one of your pulps since then,
and I might add that they are the only pulps
I read.

  One of the outstanding things about the Ziff-
Davis line, I think, are the attractive covers. I
think they alone bring in a lot of new readers
because they are consistently the best and most
colorful on the newsstands.

  I’ve often wondered what happened to Eando
Binder. His story, “The Little People” in one of
the first issues of FA, was the most outstanding
yarn ever written about fairies, goblins, and such.
And there is Don Wilcox, who will always be
one of the best fantasy writers in my opinion.
We don’t see as much of him now as we used
to. ... I think we all mourned the loss of such
writers as David Wright O’Brien and Leroy Yerxa.

  I’m quite curious about this Harold M. Sher-
man who wrote the “Up and Up” in MAMMOTH
DETECTIVE, and a couple of novels for AMAZ-
ING a short while ago. Is he the same writer
who used to write juvenile books some years
back?

  Keep up the good work in all your magazines.
Keep Bill Hopson producing for MAMMOTH
WESTERN and keep writers like Robert Moore
Williams, Chester S. Geier, Richard S. Shaver,
and William P. McGivern producing for FA.

                        Ray Allen Romer,
                        P.O. Box 833,

                            Idaho Falls, Idaho

  We agree with you wholeheartedly that the
Ziff-Davis pulps are the best buy on the news-
stands1. Why shouldn’t they be—since they are
the best! to Eando Binder, he’s been pretty
busy the past jew years working on comic strips.
But you’ll be seeing him again one of these
days . . . And you’re right about Harold M.
Sherman. He turned out over fifty juvenile novels.
And incidentally his sequel to “The Green Man”
appeared in the last issue of AMAZING
STORIES. But you’ve probably already read it.
. . . You’ll also be seeing the other writers you
mentioned very frequently in the pages of the
Ziff-Davis pulps..........................Ed.

PRAISE FOR ROG PHILLIPS

Sirs:

  I have been contemplating writing to you for
quite some time but have very inexcusably put
it off, perhaps because I have never written to
a magazine and am a little timid to begin with.
But having just read the story, “High Ears” by
Rog Phillips, I immediately knew I would have
to write to you, and express, or rather try to
express, my admiration for all the authors, the
editors, and everyone connected with FA—and
also for the'staff of AMAZING STORIES.

  Never have I encountered such terrifically writ-
ten stories. They seem to captivate my whole
being from the first page to the last. You see, I
wouldn’t think of letting a page go by without
reading it thoroughly. In my estimation they are
the tastiest food for the thinker there is on the
Earth. Rog Phillips is just tops with me, espe-
cially since his superb novel, “So Shall Ye Reap.”
Words can’t begin to express what feeling that
story brought to the surface.

  Also, I appreciate very much the high quality
of art work that you have in your magazine.
The illustrations perfectly complete one’s mental
conception of the stories.

  I am anxiously looking forward to the coming
issues of FA and AS.

                       Craig Burroughs,

                     4850 Marlborough Dr.,
                     San Diego 4, Calif.

  Thanks loads for the praise, Craig, but for
goodness sake don’t be timid about writing us
again. 0. K?..............................Ed.

THE BEST READER’S PAGE

Sirs:

  I don’t generally like “Shaver” stories, but
“Witch of the Andes” in the October issue was
quite fair. However, the art work excelled the
story, and the cover was a real treasure. If I
had a framable copy I’d be thrilled to death. It
seems that the newsdealer always scribbles on it,
and then, too, the printed words detract from the
beauty of the cover.

  “A Knotted String” by Livingston was a good
yarn with a moral lesson. It had quite a lot of
intelligence behind it, and though the plot was
mediocre, that knotted string and the object
lesson it gave the hero, made it worthwhile.

  St. Reynard did all right on his Pegasus story.
It was enjoyable throughout.

“The Hesitant Angel” by Larry Sternig was
READER'S PAGE

169

amusing and pretty. I enjoyed it, but wished it
could have gone on and on. Such a pretty tale
merits being enlarged on.

  “Photo Finish” by Hickey was of interest. The
St. Clair story, “Whenever The Sun Shines” was
good. Her stories are always good!

  The king of the issue, was, of course, “High
Ears” by Rog Phillips. This story was a real
jewel. After I read it I sat back satisfied. It
was the best in many months. Congratulations to
Phillips and get him to do some more like this.

  And now about the Reader’s Page. I want to
give you a few orchids. Other magazines let cer-
tain readers in, or certain subjects, until the
Reader’s Page is not functioning for more than
a few individuals or groups. Your magazine alone
is outstanding in its democracy amongst the
fan letters. Thanks from all of us who appreciate
true justice. Your whole magazine is tops.

                      Gwen Cunningham,
                      4566 Ferntop Dr.,

                         Los Angeles 32, Calif.

  We’re mighty glad to hear your praise for our
Reader’s Page, Gwen. We’ve always tried to make
it a Policy to include as many letters from readers
and different subjects as space will allow. We’ll
print as many pan letters—if we get them—as
praise letters. All we ask is that you write!. .Ed.

SHE’S CRAZY—SHE SAYS!

Sirs:

  First off, I’m crazy about your magazine—or
maybe just crazy. Got the October FA the night
before last. I read first the features and the Read-
er’s Page. The fact articles are the berries. As for
the stories, many of them have already come
true. I have been getting FA on and off for some
years—as many as I could get since Johnstown
doesn’t get them often enough. And let me tell
you I read FA from cover to cover.

  I’m not much good at writing letters—my hus-
band says I murder the English language. . . .

  I like the Reader’s Page for from time to time
there are things in it that happen to real people,
like finding strange caves, etc.

 My husband and I are joining the Shaver
Mystery Club, and any fans in Pa. that want to
get in touch with me, that’s o. k. Incidentally,
we like “Toffee” very much.

  Here’s how the current stories rate with me:
“High Ears” number one. Oh, boy, there’s a story
that really makes a gal dream. “Mr. Beller And
The Winged Horse” number two. Plenty o.k. “The
Hesitant Ansel” number three. Good reading.
“Witch Of The Andes” number four. Good, but
I like love with my adventure. “Photo Finish”
number five. Swell, something new. “A Knotted
String” number six. Good, but not enough of it.
Why didn’t Livingston work a beautiful babe
into the yarn? . . . And last, “Whenever The
Sun Shines.” Passable reading. As I told you, the
true stories are swell. And when I start to read
the fiction I just can’t put the book down. It’s
a good thing you don’t come out every week—

or I’d never get any work done! Keep up the
good work in coming issues.

Zeda P. Mishler,

                      423 Woodland Ave.,
                      Johnstown, Pa.

  Well, we wouldn’t exactly say you were crazy,
Zeda—and even if you are we don’t mind as long
as it’s about us! And you tell your husband that
as far as we’re concerned you can write a darned
good letter—let’s see him try his hand. We’re
also glad to hear you’re joining the Shaver Mys-
tery Club. And all the rest of you fans who
haven’t are missing a good thing. The address
of the club is Chester S. Geier, 2414 Lawrence
Ave., Chicago, III. We understand that Geier and
Dick Shaver have done a whale of a job on their
club magazine which contain’s Shaver’s “Thought-
Record” story, “Mandark” the story of the Life
of Christ. . . . As far as going weekly is con-
cerned, Zeda, there’s nothing we’d like better—
if we had the paper! Maybe some day we’ll get
it and then watch out because we’ll make sure
you’re kept busy—reading..................Ed.

PASS THE BOOK AROUND

Sirs:

  Having just finished reading the October FA
I want to say that I enjoyed the stories very
much. But I liked “High Ears,” better than any
of the rest I’ve read for months, although AMAZ-
ING STORIES ran a yarn by Phillips, “So Shall
Ye Reap” which was a close second. Here’s hoping
that Rog Phillips gets his stories in quite often.
Well, must close now as my fellow soldiers want
to read the new FA, too!

T/5 Warren G. Hicks,

                     R. A. 20933879,

                       Co. B, S.T.R.

Ft. Monmouth, N. J.

  Okay, Warren, and we hope the rest of the
boys enjoyed the yarns, too...............Ed.

A SHAVER CLASSIC

Sirs:

  I have been a regular reader of your two maga-
zines, FA and AS for many years now, and think
they’re tops in every way. Especially do I like
the works of Don Wilcox, William P. McGivern,
Berkeley Livingston, Chester S. Geier, and of
course, Richard S. Shaver, who has the distinction
of having written the best yarn I have ever read,
namely, “An Adam From The Sixth.” Truly a
classic. Your best artists are Fuqua, Robert Gib-
son Jones, MacCauley, and Rod Ruth.

  If possible, would you mention in the Reader’s
Section that I have science and fantasy books
and magazines to trade. Anyone can get my list
by writing me. . . . Thank you for two very
fine science-fantasy magazines.

                          Charles L Morris,

                              50 Harris St.,
                              Anderson, S. C.

  We’ve got some really great Shaver stories com-
ing up soon, Chuck......................Ed.
170

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

COMMENTS ON THE COMMENTATORS

Sirs:

  In the Sept. issue of FA I am turning to the
Reader’s Page because I have always admired
this part of your magazine and I think that one
reason it is not bigger is that the fans don’t
seem to pay enough attention to it. I know it’s
natural to talk about the stories, but I’d like
to make a commentary on the commentators.
John H. Clayton:

  Yes, I think the editor’s choice of stories is
decidedly wise. I thought the “Red Dwarf” was a
very unusual story, a real fantasy, and it had a
message of sorts for those who like to consider
more than bare plot structures. However, I abso-
lutely disagree with you in your comments on the
“Toffee” stories by Charles Myers. I am neither
for or against these stories, but I think they are
well written and interesting to read. But in re-
gard to your statements that the author is poor
because he “imitates” Thorne Smith, all I can
say is that ye Ed’s well thought-out reply is
quite correct. Enough said.

H.	D. Massey:

  While I was not so impressed with Richard
Casey’s “Carrion Crypt” as you were, I am glad
you liked Elroy Arno’s “Secret Of The Yomar.”
It was a fine story, and you can add my congratu-
lations. I though that Sturgeon’s masterpiece,
“Largo” was much more than “rather nice.” I
can’t see what that story lacked. I like Myers’
style too, and particularly I liked the very pleas-
ing passage you quoted. John H. Clayton evidently
missed these touches in “Toffee Takes A Trip.”
Your comments on “Goddess Of The Golden
Flame” and “Peter Backs A Punch” were very
well put, I think. However, you must bear in
mind that the authors of both of these stories
have turned in better work in the past. More
power to your suggestion that FA continue with
“more Arno and Casey.” And I would also add,
Chester S. Geier, Theodore Sturgeon, Robert
Moore Williams, Richard S. Shaver, and Rog
Phillips.

James W. Ayers:

  Again I agree that Elroy Arno’s “Secret Of The
Yomar” was a fine yarn. I disagree, however, in
your statement that it was the second time that
the lead novels have been beaten out by a short,
because that means you didn’t place Shaver’s
“The Tale Of The Red Dwarf” in first place—
where it rightly belongs I try to judge a story
by its intrinsic worth, not its length, so I find
the following stories on my favorite list in re-
cent issues: “Largo,” a short by Sturgeon; “The
Tale Of The Red Dwarf,” a short novel by
Shaver; “Man Of Two Worlds,” a novelette by
Bob Williams; “Happiness Is Nowhere,” a novel-
ette by Chet Geier; “Cult Of The Eagle,” a novel-
ette by Berkeley Livingston; and “An Adam From
The Sixth,” a short by Richard S. Shaver.
William Muir Cox:

A very good tribute to Richard S. Shaver’s
classic. When you read the rest of the yarns

you probably found two more line stories in
“Tomorrow and Tomorrow” by Ray Bradbury,
and “Meet My Mummy,” by Elroy Arno.

James L. Cribelar:

  I’m afraid that Leroy Yerxa’s “The Emperor's
Eye” has been thoroughly debunked by Jay
Williams. In my opinion David Wright O’Brien
has written better things than “Painting Of
The Prophet.” His two best were “Victory
From The Void” and “Private Prune Speaking.”
Another good comment on Shaver’s “Tale Of The
Red Dwarf.” I was not so impressed with “For-
ever Is Too Long” by Chester S. Geier, although
I recognize that it is a fine story. I think his
three classics are: “Happiness Is Nowhere,”
“Haunted Metropolis,” and “Getaway.” In ye
Ed’s reply to your letter 1 notice that he seems
to have a fixation on the poor PhD’s. He is
wrong. Agreement or disagreement with Richard
Shaver is not determined by a man’s profession
or education.

Jay Williams:

  A very careful criticism of a story that evi-
dently needed it. Letters like that are valuable
to the fans. I agree 100% to the principle of
this letter although I am not an authority on
Roman times so I cannot verify it. Your last
paragraph is certainly an Editor’s model! Ye Ed’s
feeble attempt to squirm out of an argument
which he should have considered won by you
was not the sort of thing I like to see an editor
do. It was only fair of him to say that Leroy
Yerxa tried to make his story accurate by doing
research work, but he should not have used that
unconvincing alibi about an author sometimes
finding it “necessary” to deviate “slightly” from
the facts “as we know them.” An author should
never find it “necessary” to distort history in that
amateurish way because magnificent flights of
“historical” fantasy can be written without mak-
ing any glaring errors in his background.

Miss Elaine Scott:

  You have another good view of “The Tale Of
The Red Dwarf.” I rated it first too. Also, you
express my feelings about “Tomorrow and To-
morrow” exactly. And I rated it second, too!
“The Emperor’s Eye” apparently does not have
a good historical background and I also agree
with you that the magical-bit-of-glass theme
has been overdone. A good description of “Shades
Of Henry Morgan.” I agree about your “phony
love interest” feeling. Your comments on “Paint-
ing Of The Prophet” and “When The Spirit
Moves Me” are mine also. Incidentally the lat-
ter title is probably derived from a popular song
of some years ago. You rather surprised me
in your comparison of “Meet My Mummy” to
Raymond Chandler’s style, but I am forced to
admit, looking back on the story, that you are
right. Nevertheless, I still like it better than
many other stories in the issue. But, then, I
like Raymond Chandler’s style, and I, like Ye Ed,
do not recognize the terms copy or imitation
(Continued on page 172)
FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

171

ARE the tales of strange human powers
false? Can the mysterious feats per-
formed by the mystics of the Orient be ex-
plained away as only illusions? Is there an
intangible bond with the universe beyond
which draws mankind on? Does a mighty
Cosmic intelligence from the reaches of space
ebb and flow through the deep recesses of the
mind, forming a river of wisdom which can
carry men and women to the heights of per-
sonal achievement?

Have You Had These
Experiences ?

.....that unmistakable feeling that you have

taken the wrong course of action, that you have
violated some inner, unexpressed, better judg-
ment. The sudden realization that the silent
whisperings of self are cautioning you to keep
your own counsel—not to speak words on the
tip of your tongue in the presence of another.
That something which pushes you forward
■when you hesitate, or restrains you when you
are apt to make a wrong move.

  These urges are the subtle influence which
when understood and directed has made thou-
sands of'jnen and women masters of their lives.
There IS a source of intelligence within you as
natural as your senses of sight and hearing, and

 more dependable, which you are NOT using
 now! Challenge this statementl Dar^theRosi-
 crucians to reveal the functions of this Cosmic
 mind and its great possibilities to you.

Let This Free Book Explain

 Take this infinite power into your partnership.
 You can use it in a rational and practical way
 without interference with your religious beliefs
 or personal affairs. The Rosicrucians. a world-
 wide philosophical movement, invite you to use
 the coupon below, now, today, and obtain a
 free copy of the fascinating book, *‘The Mastery
 of Life.” which explains further.

- USB THIS COUPON -

 Scribe X.Z.Z.

 The Rosicrucians, AMORC, San Jose, California.

      1 am sincerely Interested in knowing more about
 this unseen, vital power wbicb can be used in acquir-
 ing tbe fullness and happiness of life. Please send me.
 without cost, the book, ‘The Mastery of Life," which
 tells how to receive this information.

  The ROSICRUCIANS

(AHORCI

 (The Rosicrucians are NOT a religious organization.)
172

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

           (Continued from page 170)
when applied to literature. I think influence
describes the actual situation much better and
also should explain why I and many other people
do not object to one author’s style “resembling”
that of another writer.

  . . . Well, that’s my commentary on the com-
mentators. I though that the best letter in the
issue was by Jay Williams, second by Miss Elaine
Scott, and third by the Editor in his answer to
John H. Clayton. Well, that’s all for now.

                         R. R. Anger,

                        520 Highland Ave.,
                        Ottawa, Ont., Canada.

  A very interesting letter, quite complete, and
needing little or no comment by us—but how
about the rest of you readers?..............Ed.

       RIGHT AT THE TOP

Sirs:

  A home run with the bases loaded for Rog
Phillips 1 In my opinion his “High Ears” ranks
well up at the head of such a select body of
stories as “Out Of The Test Tube” and “Sian.”
Phillips’ explanations of scientific terms were so
clear and to the point that the whole story fitted
into a pattern which is very rare in stf authors
today and which I have found with few excep-
tions including the ones mentioned above, only
in recognized novels such as those written by
Jules Verne and H. G. Wells. It is a refreshing
experience indeed to find such a tale within
the confines of my own FA. Good for Phillips.

  The other stories are as follows: In second
place, “Witch Of The Andes,” a fine fantasy by a
fine writer. In third, “Mr. Beller And The
Winged Horse,” let’s have more about Mr. Beller.
In fourth, “A Knotted String,” could be, but I
doubt it. In fifth, “Photo Finish,” phoo! In
sixth, “Whenever The Sun Shines,” double phoo!

  This issue, in the style of writing, anyway,
could set a big example for issues yet to come,
right at the top.

                            James Wyatt,
                            5021 Madison,
                            Richmond, Cal.

  Just keep your eyes on the coming issues,
James, and you’ll seee some mighty fine yarns.
And in regards to the three you mentioned, yes,
they were mighty fine yarns. But we’ve got a
lot more home runs waiting for you.........Ed.

HIS TOP TEN AUTHORS

Sirs:

  I have just purchased the October FA and
hasten to make a bid for the beautiful front
cover. In my estimation this cover is by far the
best I have ever seen on any magazine!

  There are many things I like especially about
your magazine, that seldom if ever, get any
acknowledgment from the readers. One of these
is the custom you originated of putting beside
the title of the story on the contents page the
number of words in the story. Never set this

custom aside. Also, I always enjoy reading the
delightful Editor’s Page. I don’t have to remind
you that the size of the printing in your maga-
zine is larger than in any of the others, making
easier reading. And another feature I particularly
enjoy is the cartoons you run off and on.

  As for your stories, they are always good. Here
is my list of favorite writers:

  1.	Harold M. Sherman—his novels.

  2.	Rog Phillips—all his yarns.

  3.	Don Wilcox—all of his.

 4.	Edmond Hamilton—“Star King” can’t be
beat.

  5.	Robert Bloch—“Lefty Feep” stories.

  6.	Richard Shaver—a great writer.

 7.	William L. Hamling—what happened to
him?

  8.	Chester S. Geier—ditto?

  9.	Robert Moore Williams—always good.

  10. Berkeley Livingston—at last a novel!

  Those are my ten favorite writers. I have only
two favorite cover artists: Robert Gibson Jones
and H. W. MacCauley.

  Malcolm Smith does good on space themes.
James Settles on sea themes. Arnold Kohn on
your detective magazines. Bob Jones again on
Mammoth Western. Incidentally, who did the
cover for the January, 1947 issue of Mammoth
Adventure? My guess is Malcolm Smith. Am I
right? ... By the way, I read and enjoy all of
your magazines, but FA is my top favorite...

                           Burnett Toskey,
                           P.O. Box 482,

                             El Cajon, Cal.

  We’re mighty proud, and glad you like our “be-
hind the scenes” features. We think it’s little
touches like some of the ones you mentioned
that go into the making of a good magazine.
We call it “creative editing,” and we’re always
looking for something new to give our readers.
Of the two writers in your list of ten favorites
that you ask about, the first is writing this reply
to you, and the second—do you really mean you
haven’t seen Chet Geier in FA or AS lately?
Chet has had some fine stories, including novels,
during the past year. Remember “Forever Is
Too Long” in FA, or “Hidden City” in AS, or
“The Golden SixGun” in MW, not to mention
numerous shorts. And we agree with you on
our artists. They are the best in the field. That
cover on the January MA was not done by
Smith, however, it was by Bob Jones. How
did you like the cover on this issue?.......Ed.

WANTS BACK COPIES

Sir:

  I just started to read your magazine and I for
one believe it is one of the best books I have
ever read. I started around 1945 and I find
that I need the following issues of FA: Volume
8 from number six up. Volume 7, numbers 1,
2, 3, and from 6 up. In Amazing Stories Volume
19 numbers 1, 2, and from 5 up. Anyone able
READER'S PAGE

173

to supply me with these magazines, please write
me.

                           Ronald Bennett,
                           1422 Rose St.,

                           La Crosse, Wis.

  There you are, Ronald, and you should get a
lot of replies from fans. ...................Ed.

A NEW READER

Sirs:

  I just bought my first copy of FA. Why didn’t
I discover it sooner? You have yourself a new
reader and fan from now on.

                          Juanita Ryan,

                               700 Excelsior St.,
                               Akron, Ohio.

  Glad to have you join us, Juanita. And let’s
hear from you again.....................Ed.

SEQUEL WANTED

Sirs:

  This is the first fan letter I have written, but
the story, “High Ears” was quite an unusual
story in my estimation. You see, it made me
want to read a sequel. What happened after
the High Ears race conquered the Earth? Don’t
tell me they didn’t because a brain equal to
Harvey’s (he might have been exceptional even
for a high ears) or even half his intellect could
take over this world painlessly and with benefits
that would make humans think it was their
own idea.

 There were thousands of them. How were
they distributed—study the problem of D.P.’s
already on Earth and you’ll see why I ask. Were
some female, or all male? Come now, I’d like
to have the answer in a sequel.

  I liked the Pegasus story, and then “Witch
of the Andes.” The others were all right with
or above the usual standard of FA stories.

  I always like the yarns, as long as they recon-
cile with the facts. I mean, a man can come
back from the dead—as a stf reader I concede
that—but he’s got to be bound by certain limita-
tions: Not talk if he could make a story more
thrilling by not talking, pages before, when he
would have given away the plot.

  Well, while we’re at it, a good example of a
bad story was the movie the “Ghost Goes Wild.”
The ghost knew something which made every
bad character step into line, but the audience
was told—“Don’t you wish you knew!”—just
plain laziness on the author’s part. Not bothering
to figure out the solution he had an invisible
ghost whisper to the “bad ones” and left it at
that. Guess I better close now.

                          A. Bernice Clark,

                         219 Rockvvood Blvd.,
                         Spokane 10, Wash.

  We’ll tell Rog Phillips and maybe he can be
persuaded to do a sequel..................Ed.

WORLD'S FINEST

MOTORCYCLE

9todfor FREE ILLUSTRATED MAGAZINE, "ladlaa Nrws*
i • • • DEALER INQUIRIES INVITED • • • I
O*0t» riZj Indian Motocydo Co., Springfield 9, Man*

Is Your Rupture

HERE?

Why continue tosuffer with an uncom-
fortable truss if we can help you? Relief
GUARANTEED or it costs you noth-
ing. Send for the facts about my per-
fected truss invention — the Brooks
Appliance for reducible rupture—with
the patented AIR-CUSHION support
that works silently with Natur* to give
protection. Thousands bought by
doctors.

Sent on

or

R___________________^

for fall information cent free in plain sealed envelope. .

BROOKS APPLIANCE CO. Marahali?Mlch!

STUDY AT HOME for Personal Success
and LARGER EARNINGS. 39 years’ ei-
pert Instruction — over 108,000 students
enrolled. LL.B. Degree awarded. All
text material furnished. Easy payment
plan. G.I. Approved. Send for FREE
BOOK—“Law and Executive Guidance"—
NOW.

AMERICAN EXTENSION SCHOOL OF LAW

Dept. 85-R 646 N. Michigan Ave. Chicago 11, III.

 •	MECHANICS • HOME STUDY

        Btep up your own skill with facts A figures of your trade.
        Audels Meohanlcs Guides contain Practical Inside Trade
        Information In handy torm. Fully Illustrated. Easy to
        Understand. Highly Endorsed. Cheok book you want tor
        7 dayB' Free Examination. Send no Money. Nothing to
        pay postman. DCarpentry *6 • DAutot4» □OtlBurners|l
        □Sheet Metal J1 • □welding SI • O Refrigeration $4
        □Plumbing $6 • OMasonry *6 • DPalntlng (2 • ORadto $4
        □Electricity $4 • □Mathematics $2 • QSteam Engineers S4
        □Machinist 14 • DBlueprint $2 • DDlesel $2 • □Drawtng$2.
        It satisfied you pay only SI a month until prloe Is paid,

       AUDEL, Publishers. 49 W. 23 St. New Voifc 10, N. V.

Write for full informa-
tion on what steps an
inventor should take to
secure a Patent.
RANDOLPH ft BEAVERS, 920 Colombian Bldg„Washington I.D.C.

PATENTS
174

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

ANY BOOK IN PRINT

Delivered at your door. W. pay pottage. Standard
authors, new books, popular editions, fiction, refer-
ence, medical, mechanical, children’s books, etc.

Guaranteed savings.

catalog.

Send tor Clarkson’s

etc.

1947

_	_________________your

Christmas gift problem, f reo It you write now—
today!

CLARKSON PUBLISHING COMPANY

Dopt. ZF7, 1267 So. Wabash Ava., Chicago, III-

TmmiiXAAiT

  IB II BECOME AN EXPERT I

AUuiinnnl

     Executive Accountants and C. P. A/s earn $2,000 to 110,000 a rear.
     Thousands of firms noed them. We train yon thoroiy at home in spare
     time for C. P. A. examinations or executive acconntinff position*.
     Previous experience unnecessary. Personal trainin* under supervision
     of staff of C. P. A.'s. Placament counsel and help. Write for fra#
     book. "Accountancy, the Profession That Pays.’*

    LASALLE Extension University, 417 So. Dearborn St.

     A Correspondence Institution Dept. H-595 Chicago S, III.

nffi

 Learn Profitable Profession
 in <)0 days at Home

                         Men and Women. 18 to 50

•: Many Swedish Massage graduate* make $50, $75,
or even more per week. Large full time lucomee
from doctors. hospitals, sanltorluma, clube or pri-
rate practice. Others make good money In
v. .v BPare time. You can win independence and
prepare for future security by training at
home and qualifying for diploma. Anatomy
Charts and 32 page illustrated Book FREE
— Now I The College of Swedish Massage
Dept. 763-R, 100 £. Ohio St., Chicago II

ELECTRIC LIGHT JAZZ BOW TIE!

Only

$]95

               Astonish, amaw your friends.-
Be the life of the party. Have
lots of fun. Easily put on.
Flashes on and off by simply
pressing battery button hidden
In your pocket. Complete with attractive bow
tie. cord, two bulbs and battery. Mail your
order today. Special price to dealers.

BERNARD FINE CO., INC.

SOI Sixth Ava., Dept. ZD. New York 11, N. Y.

INVENTORS

    Learn how to protect your invention. Specially prepared
    “Patent Guide” containing detailed information concerning
    patent protection and procedure with "Record of Invention"
    form will bo forwarded to you upon request—without obligation.

CLARENCE A. O'BRIEN A HARVEY JACOBSON

Registered Patent Attorneys
844-A District National Bldg. Washington 9, D. C

DEAF

NO BATTERY
10 DAY TRIAL OFFER

Automatic hearing device Without

BATTERY. >To headband. Worn on
ear unnoticed. Featherllght. Very low price. Used by thousands.
Send today for free information and names of happy users in your
vicinity. Makes an Ideal Gift.

AMERICAN EARPHONE CO.

10 East 43rd St. (Dopt. 746) N,w York 17, N. Y.

Learn BAKING At Home

Baking la one of America’s high industries in wages.

Nearly depression-proof. Thorough basic home course
lays sound foundation. If you have aptitude, write for
FREEBOOKLET,"OpportunltlesIn Commercial Baking.’

National Baking School, 1315 Mich. Av«.,Dapt« ISSlyChicagoS

BE A DETECTIVE

WORK HOME or TRAVEL. Experience unneoeeeary.

DETECTIVE Particulars FREE Write to
GEO. Z. D. WAGNER, 125 W. 861b Sty Hi Va

THE GELID FANE CATEGORICALLY
SUBSUMED!

Sirs:

  As you will find this letter singularly free of
the usual chummy pap and unwarranted eulogy
that characterizes most of your readers’ corre-
spondence to this publication, the possibilities of
its being printed are remote. Notwithstanding my
prescience of this paper’s probable bourne, viz: a
wastebasket, I feel it to be my obligation to
make known my disapproval of the type of
story you are currently favoring.

  With each succeeding issue of Fantastic Adven-
tures the wonderfully subtle and gelid fane of
illusion, painstakingly erected by such masters as
Poe, Blackwood, Merritt, and Collins, is being
more horribly desecrated.

  The sort of pap that you are trying to foist
upon your intelligent reader is unspeakably bad.
I believe that the late H. P. Lovecraft once said
that the thing making a horror story or phantasy
story successful is the possibility of its actually
happening. Using that axiom as a criterion by
which to judge the stories in Fantastic Adven-
tures, I am forced to subsume all of them under
the category Failures.

  A noteworthy example of sheer jargon is to be
found in your magazine’s latest feature story,
“Witch of the Andes.” The author of this “im-
pressive” opus had one of his characters say:
“The body of man can be considered as a series
of cells of separate natures whose symbiotic rela-
tions are a result of long ages of interaction be-
tween their many once divergent life-forms ...”

  Now, all cells are not dissimilar; they are
fundamentally alike. Thus biological texts are
able to print diagramatic representations of gen-
eralized cells. Symbiosis in cell life will have to
be explained to me, as I am astute enough to
see its possibility. Also, new cells can develop by
division only, a fact which seems to negate
the worth of the whole theory.

  It is my holding that several pages of ap-
propriate poetry per issue is a desideratum. Sev-
eral of the rival phantasy-fiction magazines have
instituted this feature already.

  As it appears that a nadir in textual quality
has been reached, I look forward to enjoying a
regenerated Fantastic Adventures.

                        Deeny D. Larke,

                         808 Sunset Ave.,
                         Windsor, Ont., Can.

 Youse is hep, Deeny Boy!................Ed.

HIS FIRST LETTER

Sirs:

  I am fourteen years old, and have been col-
lecting science-fantasy for some years. I have
saved eight stories out of all I have read. Half
of them are from Fantastic Adventures.
One is “The Land of the Big Blue Apples” by
Don Wilcox. This is a delightful and interesting
story, and Wilcox is one of my favorite authors.
I always read his stories with interest. Another
READER'S PAGE

175

one of my favorites is “The Return of Circe” by
Nat Schachner. Also, “Union in Gehenna” by
Nelson S. Bond, who is also one of my favorites.
Another great story, I thought, was “I’ll Dream
of You” by Charles F. Myers. I liked this yarn
very much and think it is by far the best of the
“Toffee” series so far. My favorite artist is
Robert Gibson Jones. I think he’s great.

  This is my first letter to any magazine, so I
don’t expect it to be printed. Just the same, I’ll
be waiting for next month’s FA with open arms,
hoping for another “Toffee” story as good as
the first one, a Don Wilcox story, and of course,
a cover by Bob Jones.

                         Marie Lenhof,

                          94 Lexington Ave.,
                          Buffalo 9, N.Y.

  Well, there you are, Marie, your first letter did
get printedI Just make sure it isn’t your last
one—we’ll be waiting to hear from you again.
Incidentally, how did you like the "Toffee" story
in the November issue? ..................Ed.

VON COSEL AND “DEATH”

Sirs:

  This is my first letter to any magazine, and
I have written it because of the deep interest
aroused in me by the story entitled, “The Secret
of Elena’s Tomb”, in which Karl Tanzler von
Cosel reveals an amazing and unknown meaning
for the word “death.” He describes it as being,
in some cases, a cataleptic state, and, if true, I
think it will explain the fact that many a body
has been dug up after years of burial without
showing any signs of decay.

  I believe that the true scientists, the men who
do not deny the truth of a phenomenon before
it is proved untrue, will find it worth more than
just one experiment.

  With the hopes of hearing more of von Cosel’s
ideas, I am very truly yours,

                   Armando Fortuna,

                   Rua Noronha Santos 137,
                   Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

  There are a great many mysteries that science
has neglected to check up on, and certainly von
Cosel’s theory and experiment is one of them. Ed.

AN AMAZING PHENOMENON

Sirs:

  I have read FA and AS since I was twelve
years old, but this is the first time I have written
you a letter. I have always found the character
of your stories to my liking and didn’t bother
to give an opinion before. However, von Cosel’s
story in the September issue last year, “The
Secret of Elena’s Tomb” has caused me to do
more thinking and wondering than anything I
have ever read, except the “Shaver Mystery.”

  Something has happened here recently that
ties up with von Cosel’s beliefs. I haven’t got
all the information on it, but the story was
told to me by a friend of the family who is
not the type of person who tells wild tales. Any-

NOT BOMBS fir AMERICANS

WORK for “UNCLE SAM”

$1756 to $3021 Year

 Men—Women

 Prepan How for IMt	w	lUclmtw *, N, V. _ __

  Examination!. -5T Siw: Ru*h to me without c&arge (1) 32-
  Veterartl Get	Page boot with list of many U. S. Govern-

 Speolal Pr«f- C? ment BtePay Jobs. (2) Tell me how to
 •rents. / prepare for one of these job*.

  Mall Coupon * Name	— . — . — . — . — . — . — • —

Today_Addret*__________________~.~VetJ.

  -.(Mlli'iliflHiB

Tan SKINS, make up FURS

_' Be a Taridennist. Double wur hunting fun. W«

teach vou«»Hom«. Mount Birds, Anlmali.Fijn.

  RlV’vv	Heeds, common specimens. Fun and profits. Decor* to

 III \V	iSd d'D MAKE MdNer. Moo*t	t»n tor

                             others. BLar profits la spare time. WRITE TODAY.

                    1 OO *am. Pictures in pp£E BOOK

                             Hunter*, get your copy. It s
                             NOW Fret. Send post card. State your AGE.

 rnrr DnntQIHR^TNWCSURN SCHOOL OF TAXIDERMY

 intt OUUIvWOM,'603l	-* Omaha,Nabnafca

Sterling Silver

SADDLE ring

 nildren’s styles. Sew* j

Authentic replica of championship rodeo!
taddiel Handsomely formed from solid.
Sterling Silver, by *9** *lv*r craftsmen**
Men's. Women’s, CniWret
on approval,

SEND NO MOMtY! Just clip ad and
mail with namsi, address, ring style and
sixe. Pay postme* only $4.95 (indudes tas|:
plus postage, weerS da)

      return for full refund.
Western Craftsmen,
1904 Farnam St.

 days. If sot delighted*

 Oept. 615D
 Omahe 2. Nebr.

LAW...

 CTIinY AT HHMF	trained menwin higher posl-

  w I UM I ft I HUITIL tiona and bigger success in business
  and public life. Greater opportunities now than ever before.
  Mora Ability: More Prestige: More Money «,pjfy°stec. ^

  ° mwiicj etepby step. You
  ;nare time. Degree of LL.B, We furnish ell

  ...---------- 14-volume Lew Library. Low cost, eesy

  our velueble 48-pa*re “Lew TreJning for Leederahlp *
  and "Evidence” books FREE. Send NOW.

  LAAALLC EXTENSION UNIVERSITY,417 South Dsar&om Strest
  A Correspondence Institution Dept. l-5M Chicago 5, III.

 can tmtn st home during: a;
 text materiel, including
 Get our velnable

        STOP TOBACCO?

                                Banish the craving for tobacco as
                                thousands have with Tobacco
                                Redeemer. Write for free booklet
                                telling of injurious effect of tobacco
                                and ora treatment which has reliev-
                                ed many men. Caution:

                                  Use only as directed.

                          30 Years In BusImm
                          THE NEWELL COMPANY

                                   284 Clayton, Sta., St Louis 5, Mo.

QRAYKO Oept

ILLUSTRATED COMIC
BOOKLETS

 T HE KIND MEM LI K El

    (VEST POCKET SIZE)
 They are loaded with rare car-
 toon*. Full of Fun and Humor.
 20 DIFFERENT booklets
 sent prepaid for St in plain
 wrapper. Sorry ... no c.o.u.'a.
 1687, Box 620, G.P.O., N.Y.C.
176

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

 #^nvrroiiS

Send today for "Detailed Patent Information" out-
lining preliminary steps to be taken toward Patent
Protection, also convenient ‘‘Evidence of Inven-
tion” form.

VICTOR J. EVANS & CO.

224-P Marlin Bulletins	Washington «, D. C.

COMING in future issues
of your favorite
MAGAZINES:

MAMMOTH WESTERN

"Desperado"

By William Hopson

A great new novel by the top-flight writer In
the western field.

AMAZING STORIES

"Gods of Venus"

By Richard S. Shaver

A startling new story by a now famous scienee-
fiction writer.

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

"The Court of Kublai Khan"

By David V. Reed

The new fantasy novel from the pen of one of
your all-time favorites.

CLASSIFIED advertising

Song Poems

POEMS Wanted. Free examination. Send poems to J. Chas.
McNeil, Master of Music. 510 ZD South Alexandria Ave., Log

Angeles 5. Calif._

SONGWRITERS: Songs published monthly. Advance royalty,
bend your songs or poems today for our exciting offer. Hollywood
Tunesmiths. Dept. EE-8. 1537 N. Vine SL, Hollywood 28, Calif.

Miscellaneous

MAGAZINES (hack dated)—foreign, domestic, arts. Books, book-
lets, subscriptions, pin-ups, etc. Catalog 10c (refunded). Cice-

rone's Center, 863 First Ave., New York 17. N. Y._

BORROW by Maill Loans $50.00 to $1,000.00 to employed men
and women. Easy, quick. Completely private, confidential. No
endorsers. Repay In convenient monthly payments. Details Free
in plain envelope. Write First Loan Co., World Herald Bldg.,

Dept. T-58. Omaha, Nebr.	_

SCIENTIFICTION, weird, fantastic; books, magazines. Werewolf

Bookshop. 621A Maryland. Pittsburgh 6, Pa._

ATLANTIS . . The Future . . The Living Dead . . Unknown Worlds
. . Time-Travel . . Interplanetary Adventure. Send stamp for free
circular describing books for sale about these fascinating subjects.

Garret Ford. 8318-20 Avalon Blvd., Los Angeles 3, Calif._

ADVERTISEMENTS written up to 50 words. $1.00. Experienced.
Confidential. Adwrlter, ZD87. P.O. Box 1113, Columbia. S.C.
SCiENHFJCTION, Fantasy Magazines. Buy and sell. Fred

Claassen. Tost Office, Stow, Ohio._

BOOKS—Magazines (Back Dated). Send dime for list. Clark’s,

302 N. Junction, Detroit, Mich._

DON’T guess. Know your future. Send your birth date and one
dime, that's all. Ageless Publications, Box 2021, Pittsburgh, Pa.
MEN I Large size shoes, large size sox I We specialize in large sizes
11% to 16. widths AA-EEE. Oxfords. Hitops, Work shoes. Guar-
anteed extra quality. Free catalog. Kingslze, 428, Brockton, Mass.

way, here is the story as it was told to me,
and you can investigate it and find out for your-
selves.

  There is an Italian family known in the neigh-
borhood of 69th St. & 14th Ave. in Brooklyn,
as the Brigadiers. Around the first of August
one of their daughters died of an extended
illness. Four hours after her death (with a
doctor present) the family and friends were
grouped in the house discussing funeral arrange-
ments with the undertaker. One of them hap-
pened to glance into the adjoining room where
the dead girl was lying on a bed. The deceased’s
eyes began to open slowly and her lips began to
move. Then she called for her mother in a low
but clear voice. The shocked people rushed into
the room. The girl sat up by herself and asked
is someone wouldn’t get her a bottle of ginger
ale as she felt very thirsty. They got her a
bottle of ginger ale and she immediately drank
it. Within the next four hours she drank two
more bottles of ginger ale and talked to them.
She was examined thoroughly by the doctor
present, but he could find no traces of life—no
heartbeat, no breathing, her body cold—and yet
she was sitting up, talking to them, and drinking.

  She told her family not to grieve over her
and that she was sorry for any trouble she
had caused them. She told them that she had
some bad news to tell them, but not to take it
too hard. She spoke then directly to one of her
sisters and told her that within two weeks she
too would die. Then, after four hours of this
strange “revived life” she lay back still...

  But here is the unusual thing: The sister whom
she had addressed died exactly two weeks later!
Now I think this story is true, but whether it
is or not, it is worth looking into. Your maga-
zine has shown great courage in the past in
printing stories and articles which disagree with
some of the accepted theories of “down-to-earth”
scientists. Keep up the good work, and here’s
one reader you will never lose.

                              Darrell A. Oaks,

                             182 Bay 8 St.,
                             Brooklyn, N.Y.

  A very interesting and unusual account, Darrell.
If the story as you have related it is indeed true,
and we have no evidence at hand to disprove it,
then it is certainly a piece of evidence in favor
of von Cosel’s own experiments. Any readers
who have any knowledge of this particular inci-
dent are invited to write to us.............Ed.

NOTHING UNUSUAL

Sirs:

  The October issue of FA was nothing unusual.
First was Shaver’s “Witch of the Andes.” Glad
to see him again in FA. “Mr. Beller and the
Winged Horse” and “Whenever the Sun Shines”
were also two good stories. “The Hesitant
Angel” was readable but too short. A smart
ending though. I won’t make any comment on
the other stories.
READER'S PAGE

177

  Next issue ought to be good with Livingston’s
“Lamp of Vengeance.” I hope so, as the lead
novels haven’t been too good lately.

                         James W. Ayers,
                         609 1st St.,

                               Attalla, Ala.

  Well, we’re glad to see you liked the stories any-
way, Janies. And we think the novels will prove
to be top-notch from now on..............Ed.

FIRST FOR MR. BELLER

Sirs:

  I like your magazine very much. In fact, I
place it second only to one magazine, Amazing
Stories. I have just finished reading your
October issue. Naturally “Mr. Beller and the
Winged Horse” took first place. I think a sequel
for it would be in order.

  Next, of course, was “High Ears” by Rog
Phillips. Very good. But that’s to be expected
of Rog. Then I place “Witch of the Andes” third.
This story was so much unlike most of Shaver’s
stories that it was actually good. . . . And last, “A
Knotted String” by Berkeley Livingston. The
rest were too short. And say, what’s happened
to “Toffee”? And am I glad to see that J. W.
Pelkie is coming back with another “Toka”
story.

  The cover for the October issue was especially
good. The interiors were fair.

                          Jim B. Wilson,
                          1407^ 12th St.
                          Wichita Falls, Tex.

  You’ve probably already read the latest "Tof-
fee” story in the November issue. We’re willing to
bet that you’ll say it’s the best yarn Myers has
turned out thus far. And also let us know
what you thought of the new “Toka” story which
appeared last month..................'....Ed.

CALLING MR. CLAYTON

Sirs:

  I have been reading FA, I believe, since it was
published the first time—and have always en-
joyed it very much.

  Like John H. Clayton, this is my first letter
to an editor of any magazine, and I probably
wouldn’t be writing this one if Clayton hadn’t
called Charles F. Myers’ “Toffee” a cheap imita-
tion of “Topper Takes a Trip”—-and rotten.

  I disagree very much with Clayton. In my
estimation, “Toffee” is a very likeable creature
and I hope Mr. Myers will pop up with her
more often in spite of people like Clayton.

  The stories in FA that I haven’t cared for have
been so few that I won’t try to remember them.
FA is my favorite magazine and will continue
to be as long as it publishes stories of the same
calibre as in the past.

                      A. E. Miller,

                       619J/2 St. Boniface St.,
                       Williamsport 18, Pa.

Here’s the Way
    to Curb a Rupture

Snccenfnl Home Method That Anyone Can TJie
On Any Reducible Rupture Large or Small

COSTS NOTHING TO FIND OUT

Thousands of ruptured men will rejoice to know
that the full plan so successfully used by Capt.
W. A. Collings for his double rupture from which
he suffered so long ■will be sent tree to all •who
write for it.

   Merely send your name and address to Capt
W. A. Collings, Inc., Box 579-C, Watertown, N. Y.
It won’t cost you a cent to find out' and you may
bless the day you sent for It. Hundreds have al-
ready reported satisfactory results following this
free offer. Send right away—NOW—before you
put down this paper.

If an INVENTOR

BELIEVES HE HAS AN INVENTION

a search of the most pertinent prior U. S. Patents should be
made and a report obtained relative to its patentability.
Write for further particulars as to patent protection and pro-
cedure and “Invention Record” form at once. No obligation.

McMORROW, BERMAN & DAVIDSON

Registered Patent Attorney*

186-L Victor Building	Washington 1, D. C.

 |STERLING SILVERl

MWLUCK

 HORSE'

 SHOE,

  Statuesque Hone's bead. hone shoe
  and 4-leaf Clover design. H«nd>ome> I
  Iv formed from solid bterfing Silver, |

  Oxidised, hand-buffed finish.

  SEND NO MONEYf Ju** dtp ed eed mail wWi name, addreu and rfna J

  jb*. ray pottman only $3.98 (>n included] plus postaqe. Wear for S <Uy». n I
  not delighted, return for Ml refund

 WESTERN CRAFTSMEN 1904 Farnam St. OMAHA. NEBR

High School Course

at Home

                      Many Finish In 2 Years

     I Go as rapidly as voar time and abilities permit. Course
     equivalent to resident school work — prepares for college
     entrance exams. Standard H. S. texts enpplied. Diploma.
     Credit for H. S. subjects already completed Single subjects if
     desired. High school education Is very Important for advancement
     In baslneas and (ndnstry and socially. Don’t be handicapped all
     li/©- Be a High School graduate. Start yoar training: now.
     tree Bulletin on request. No obligation.

i AmaricanSchool,DeptH i82 Drexel at58th, Chicago37

POEMS WANTED
AT ONCE

SONGWRITERS

Send Your Poems, Any Subject, for Immedi-
ate Examination and FREE BOOK: “YOUR
FUTURE IN SONGWRITING.”

       RADIO CITY MUSIC ACADEMY
1674 Broadway	New York 19, N. Y.

HOLLYWOOD Model of the Month

    A beautiful Hollywood Model is selected each
month . . . and portrayed in 5 glamorous color poses.
Send for "Miss January" Now!

Set of 5 color Slides....................$2.00

Set of 5 fine Grain Negatives.........$1.00

MODEL OF THE MONTH Dept. No. 23
7424 Sunset Blvd.. Hollywood 46, Calif.
178

FANTASTIC ADVENTURES

WcX uftUsJ&WETTCoURSiS-'IEEV&iUMt!
Ll3'AH	>0*0^ .

GIVE ME 10 MINUTES A DAY
LEARN MY TIME TESTED SECRETS OF STRENGTH

I’ll teach you the "Progressive Power Method” through which I
rebuilt myself from a physical wreck the doctors condemned to ale at
15, to the holder of more strength records than any other' living
athlete or teacher! “Progressive Power” haa proven lta ability to
build the strongest, handsomest men In the world. And I stand ready
to show you on a money back basis—that no matter how flabby or
pony you are I can do the same for you right In your own home. Let
me prove 1 can add Inches to your arms, broaden your shoulders, give
•you a man-sized chest, Dowerful leers and a Rock-like back—In iac

. powerful legs and « ----------------c

power pack your whole nody so quickly It will amaze ypul Through
my proven secrets I bring to life new power In you Inside ana out,
until YOU are fully satlbued you are the man you want to be.

PROVE IT TO YOURSELF IN ONE NIGHT

Send only 25c for my 5 easy-to-
follow, picture-packed courses
now in 1 complete volume
“How to Become a Mus-
cular He-Man. ” Try It
for one nlghtl Experi-
ence the thrilling
strength that surges
through your mus-
cles.

10 DAY TRIALI

Think of It—all
five of these fa-
mous courses
now In one pic-
ture-packed vol-
ume for only
25c. If you're
not delighted with
this famous mus-
cle-building guide
—!f you don't ac-
tually FEEL results
within ONE WEEK*

!»end It back and
your money will be
rromptly refundedl
Photo Rook of Fa-
mous Strong Men!

               I am making
          _ drive for thousands
          of new friends fast—RE-
          GARDLESS OF COST!	_

SO GET NOW MY 6 BCT« COURSES!

(Valued at SS each)

All In 1 Great Complete Volume
Packed With How-To-Do-lt Pictures!]

 Now, this ''get-acquainted" for	'

  extremely low price of only
  25c Is your chance to build V/nljr
  a body you’ll be proud of! Fol-
  low Jowett’s easy method
  of muscle building NOW!

sabvai

IPhot o• '

■	that in-

Isplre you I_____

I to m 1 g h t \
land mus -I *****
tele. Free! J
Iwltb order.'

few***’

  •	‘CSS*??.

 *	* ^ —

                Jowett Institute of Physical Culture n . Tl
                230 Fifth Avenue, New York I, N.Y. DBJH ZD-71

                 George F. Jowett:—Please send by return mall,
prepaid, FREE Jowett’s Photo Book of Strong
Men, along with all 5 Muscle Building Courses.
1. Molding a Mighty Chest. 2. Molding a Mightv
Arm. 3. Molding a Mlg*-*— '—* ----*'

  ig a Mighty Grip. 4. Molding a
  . Molding Mighty Legs—Now all
  “How to Become a Muscular

" CoorH f

Joirltt	Mighty Back. R.-

■	ihOfflplOf) V in One Volume “How to Become a Muscular

■	ChOmploni He-Man.” Enclosed find 25c. NO C.O.D.'S. g

■	■

■	NAME ..................................AGE..... ■

g	(Please Print Plainly, Include Zone Number)	.

■	ADDRESS ........................................ B

THE THING ON
THE MOON

An Impossible But True
Feature . . .

By A. MORRIS & MALCOLM SMITH

(See back cover)

IN 1788 in the Lunar Alps, a man was intent
on observing the surface of the moon. This
man, named Schroeter, saw what appeared at
first to be a light, but a short time later became
what seemed to be a large shadow, vaguely round.
It was of an almost indefinable nature, and yet
seemed to have the similar outlines that a gigantic
crow might have, a crow that might have been
flying through space and its shadow from the sun’s
rays was somewhat cast upon the moon’s surface.
Or, it might have been a planet speeding through
the void, its shadow suddenly showing up on the
moon.

 Charles Fort, in his “Book of the Damned,”
would seem to agree with this latter view that
the shadow was a luminous object near the moon
suddenly lost to view, but then its shadow under-
neath was seen.

 In 1879 two astronomers, H. C. Russell and
G. D. Hirst, were observing the moon in the
Blue mountains near Sydney, Australia. They
saw a ‘ large part of the moon covered with a
dark shade, quite as dark as the shadow of the
earth during an eclipse of the moon.” Both men
being scientists this was as far as they would care
to go in their description. But the fact remains
that they did see something, something impossible
but true I And they were men who were well
versed in astronomy and who knew that what
they saw was not a part of the normal pattern of
things.

  Did they see an eclipse? If so, then it must
have been an eclipse that science knew nothing
about. Was it in actuality a living creature, much
like a bird? If so, how could it have lived in the
utter cold and lifelessness of outer space?

  Only one thing is certain. The shadow, what-
ever it may have been, was seen by competent
observers. An impossible shadow, but, neverthe-
less, true.

 READ:

   AMAZING STORIES
   FANTASTIC ADVENTURES
   MAMMOTH WESTERN

FOR THE BEST IN READING!

PRINTED IN U.S.A.
FREE TO PIPE SMOKERS

THIS NON-CONDENSING SANATON "DEMONSTRATOR" PIPE

{Just Enclose 10c to Cover Postage and Packing}

 I could talk about this new kind of pipe until the
 cows come home. But the only way I can convince
 you that it gives you the coolest, sweetest, cleanest
 and DRIEST smoke you ever enjoyed is to send you
 a full-size demonstrator free!

DR. J. C. SHOTTON

Prominent Cleveland, Ohio,
dentist — inventor of Dr.
Shotton's Non-Condensing
Sanaton Pipe.

 IF YOU are a pipe smoker, I know how skeptical
 you are about new pipe inventions. So before ex-
 pecting you to buy one of my SANATON pipes, I am
 offering you this DEMONSTRATOR free! My dem-
 onstrator will serve the purpose of proving to you
 that the unique SANATON NON-CONDENSING
 and EASY-CLEANING features give you the driest,
 sweetest, coolest and cleanest smoke you ever en-
 joyed from any pipe, regardless of name, make, or
 price! I am gambling that if my "demonstrator” does
 this, you will want one of my better grades. If not,
 you’re out nothing except the 10c I ask for to help
 pay the postage and handling on the demonstrator

 Whot This "Demonstrator” Must Prove

   Dr. Shotton’s non-condensing Sana ton pipe is now
  being enjoyed by nearly 100,000 pipe smokers—all of
  whom bought it after trying it! Some of these fellows
  have been smoking pipes for 50, (0, or even 50 years.
  Some have from SO to 200 pipes in their collections,
  and they like the Sanaton better than all the rest put
  together! There must be a reason, and here it is:

   Most ordinary pipes, as you know, are equipped with
  tubes, traps, filters, baffles and gadgets of all kinds
  whose purpose it is to catch and hold "goo.” However,
  Dr. Shotton knew that these gadgets actually caused
  condensation of the "goo” they collected—just as a cool
  pitcher of ice w'ater in a warm room causes moisture to
  condense on the outer surface of the glass! He realized
  that the real secret of a dry, sweet pipe is to prevent
  "goo” from forming at all!

   Now, what did Dr. Shotton do? Well, instead of
 placing a catch-all gadget in the Sanaton pipe, he placed
 a small slotted tube at the bottom of the bowl! This
 tube acts as a NON-condenser, for as you light this
 pipe, the tube warms up—and there’s no cold surface on
 which "goo" can condense! No condensation, no "goo”!
 It’s as simple as that!

   Then Or. Shotton went a step further. He extended
  the non-condenser tube through the back wall of the
  pipe and attached a tiny removable screw. Whenever
  you want to clean out the tar that results from tobacco
  combustion, just remove the screw and run a regular
  pipe cleaner through from end to end. The Sanaton
  cleans like a gun!

AMAZING FREE OFFER!

As I said before, I don’t expect you to buy my regu-
lar Sanaton until you try my demonstrator with its
non-condensing and easy-cleaning features. So I’ll
send you a demonstrator FREE ^just send 10c to help
cover postage and handling/ Then if I don’t hear
from you within two weeks, I’ll send you one of my
genuine imported briar Sanatons and you can pay for it
when it arrives. But—if you don’t like the way my
Sanaton demonstrator smokes—if you don’t find it to
be the driest, sweetest, cleanest and coolest smoke
you ever had, just tell me so and I’ll cancel your reser-
vation. Isn’t that a fair and square proposition?

Be sure to tell me whether you want me to reserve a
Regular Sanaton at $2.50, DeLuxe Sanaton at S3 75
or Sterling Sanaton at $5.00 All my Sanatons are
made of genuine aged imported briar—the only dif-
ference is in the quality, grain and finish. Be sure to
let me know whether you prefer a large, medium or
small bowl. ^Only one demonstrator to a person,
please./

   FREE DEMONSTRATOR COUPON
   ------------------^

■ MARK FOSTER, Oept. DA-106	I

257 Fourth Ave., New York 10, N. Y.

I Dear Mark: I'least* semi me one oi your Sanaton detuoiisttator pipes 1

1(1 am enclosing l•»«• to cover postage ami handling). and reserve a g
genuine Aged Imported Hriar Sanaton lor me in the size ami 1

■	grade checked helou It I don’t like the way the demonstrator ■
smokes. I will cancel my reservation within two weeks—other wise I

I •'end it to me and I will pay the postman for it (plus tew cents ■
postage) when it arrives. (Check one hox in each column.»	I

    □	Regular, $*i./»0	□ Small howl	I
       l>»* Luxe, □ .Medium bowl

□	Sterling, $5.00	□ Large bowl

I Name ............................................ I

| Address .......................................... j

| City, Zone, State.................................. |

IN'OTK: It you want your genuine hriar Sanaton at once, enclose	I

remittance and I'll send it along with the demonstrator, prepaid.	■

I Smoke the demonstrator and if you don’t like it. return the	g

genuine hriar Sanaton unsinnkcd for refund Kor your courtesy n	■

I remitting with coupon. I will include a hig hunch of extra iong	f

pipe cleaners free.	■

L___________________I
IMPOSSIBLE BUT TRUE

THE THING ON THE MOON: A strange phenomenon
was noticed one night late in the eighteenth
century. An astronomer thought he saw the
shape of a bird—resembling a crow—on the
Moon’s surface. Was it the distorted shadow
of a space ship? Turn to page 178 for details.