25 CENTS

OCTOBER
19 2 0

      James Branch Cabell
      Konrad Bercovici
      Edgar Lee Masters
      NevilG. Henshaw
      Mella Russell McCallum
      J. Storer Clouston
      Edgar Young
      Ramsey Benson
      Nell Hanson
      Beatrice Grimshaw
      Carl Clausen
      }r Dale Brown
Let Me Prove I Teach Piano
In Quarter Usual Time

 Write for my free booklet. Ask for the names and ad-
 dresses of accomplished players of piano or organ near you
 who obtained their entire training from me by mail. 1
 have students in all parts of the world and scores in every
 state in the Union.

 Although my wav of teaching piano was laughed at when I first started
 in 1891. yet I now have far more students than were ever before
 taught by one :nan. Could I have fought my way up against prejudice
 like this, year after year for over a quarter of a century, unless my
 method possessed REAL MERIT? Investigate, is all I ask.

   I’ll teach you piano in quarter the usual time and at quarter
                       the usual cost. If you have not previously heard of my method
                       this may seem like a pretty bold statement.
                       But I will soon prove to you that it is not
                       in any way exaggerated if you'll simply
                       send me your name and address on the
                       coupon below.

   My way of teaching piano or organ is
 entirely different from all others. Out of
 every four hours of study one hour is
 spent entirely away from the keyboard—
 learning something about Harmony and
 The Laws of Music. This is an awful
 shock to most teachers of the “old
 school,” who still think that learning
 piano is solely a problem of “finger gym-
 nastics.” When you do go to the key-
 board, you accomplish twice as much
 because you understand what you are
 doing. Studying this way is a pleasure.
 Within four lessons I enable you to play
 an interesting piece not only in the original
 key, but in all other keys as well.

|---FREE BOOK COUPON---

 I QUINN CONSERVATORY. Studio Q10
 598 Columbia Road. Boston, 25. Mass.

      Please send me. without cost or oblicjtion. your free
  I booklet. "How to Learn Piano or Orcan.*’ and full par-
  | ticular* of your Course and special reduced Tuition offer,

 | Name
 | Address

I.............................................

    I make use of every possible scientific
 help—many of which are entirely unknown
 to the average teacher. My patented in-
 vention, the COI.OROTONE, sweeps
 away playing difficulties that have troubled
 students for generations. By its use,
 Transposition—usually a “nightmare”
 to students—becomes easy and fascinating.
 With my fifth lesson I introduce another
 important and exclusive invention,
 QUINN-DF.X. Quinndex is a simple,
 hand-operated moving-picture device,
 which enables you to sec, right before
 your eyes, every movement of my hands
 at the keyboard. You actually see the fingers
 move. Instead of having to reproduce
 your teacher’s finger movements from
 M EMORY—which cannot be always ac-
 curate you have the correct models before
 you during everv minute of practice. The
 CO 1.0ROTO N E and QUINN-DEX
 save you months and years of wasted
 effort. They can be obtained only from
 me anil tlu-re is nothing else anywhere
 even remotely like them.

Marcus Lucius Quinn Conservatory of Music

 Studio Q10, 598 Columbia Road, BOSTON. 25, MASS.

DR. QUINN AT HIS PIANO From the famous
sketch by Schneider, exhibited at the
St. Louis Exposition

    Men and women who have failed by nil other
 methods have quickly and easily attained success
 when studying with me. In ail essential ways you
 an- in closer touch with me than if you wen' studying
 by the oral method—vet my lessons cost you mily
 43'cents each— and they include all the m;my recent
 developments in scientific teaching. Kor the student
 of moderate means, this method of studying is Jar
 superior to all others, and even for the wealthiest
 student, there is nothing better at any price.

    You may be certain that your progress is at all
 times in accord with the best musical thought of the
 present day and this makes all the difference in the
 world.

    My Course is endorsed by distinguished musicians,
 who would not recommend any Couise hut the best.
 It is for beginners, or experienced plavers. old or
 young. You advance as rapidly or us slowly as vou
 wish All necessary music is supplied without extra
 charge. A diploma is granted. Write todav. with-
 out cost or obligation, for M page free booklet. "How
 to Le.’irn I'iaiin <»• Organ.”

ai\o
ROMANCE

FREE

TRIAL

13c a day soon buys an

Oliver Typewriter-latest model

No

Money

Down

Used
by U. S.

Steel
Corpo-
ration,
Pennsylva-
nia R. It.,
National City
Bank of New
York, Encyclo-
pedia Britan-
nica. New York
Edison Co.. Otis
Elevator Co..
Boston Elevated
R a 11 w a y s, and
other big concerns.

 Before you realize it you have this splendid
        Oliver paid for. And you get to use it right
        away—while you pay.

         To begin with, you save $36 on the price, for we
         now sell the $100 Oliver for $64. It is our latest and
         best model, the No. 9, brand new.

   We are able to malce this great saving for you through
 the economies we learned during the war. We found that it
 was unnecessary to have great numbers of traveling salesmen
 and numerous, expensive branch houses through the country.
 We were also able
 sales methods.

   You may buy direct from us, via coupon. We even send the

                                    Oliver for five days free
                                    trial, so that you may act
                                    as your own salesman.
                                    You may use it as if it
                                    were your own. You can
                                    be the sole judge, with no
                                    one to influence you.

Now

Let us send you the Oliver
for Five Trial. The coupon
brirms it.

   If you agree that it is the finest type-
writer. regardless of price, pay for it at
the rate of $4 per month. We ask no par-
tial payment in advance.. You have over a
year to pay. And you'll have the Oliver all
that time There is no need to wait until you
have the full amount.

   If. nfter trying it. you wish to return it, we even
refund the out-going transportation charges. So the
trial does not cost you a cent. Nor does it place you
under obligations to buy.

  Our new plan has been a tremendous success. We are
selling more Olivers this way than ever before. Over
soii.ooii Olivers have been sold! Oliver popularity is in-
croa-sins daily.

  This, tlie Oliver 9, has all the latest improvements.
It is noted for its sturdiness, speed and line workman-
ship It is handsomely finished in olive enamel and pol-
ished nickel if any typewriter is worth $K , it is this
Oliver, for which we now ask only S64. .dr its being
priced for years at Slot).

  Mail the coupon for EITHER a fir trial Oliver or
further information. Bo your own f «?sman and save
$30. This is your great opportunity.

 Ttie OLIVER Typewriter Company

                  This coupon brings you a
Free Trial Oliver without your paying in ad-
vance. Decide yourself. Save $36.

Or this coupon brings further infor-
mation. • Check which you wish.

    ■■■■■■a

Till: OI.IVER TYPEWRITER COMPANY.
Ill' Oliver Typewriter Bid;,-., Chicago. HI.
Ship mo a new Oliver Nine for five day* free inspection.

'“l.....»per month.

            aid for.

□ frt

 '-1 Tl,.. ,i

My shipping point is.............................................................

This does not plan* me under any obligation to l»uy. If I choose to re-
turn the Oliver. I will »hip It bock at your expenve nr the ond of five duya.

 □ Do not. tend a machine until I order it. Mail me your hook -“The
     Hieh Cost of Typewntcra-Tho Reason und the Remedy " vour
     di- luxe catalog and further information.

i
I
I
s
■

| Name..........-.................................

B Street Address............................

I City...................................State

fl Occupation or Business..

 t you until fully paid

437 Oliver Typewriter Building, Chicago, Illinois ' L n B n B b Bi ■& M M ■ a m ■■ a J

R v. ' * A N C E	Published once a month by The Ridgway Company at Sprine and Macdougal Sts., New	** ] o xi

C) ,, . 1Q?n	York City. Yearly subscription S2.50 in advance; single copy 25 cents. Application	o *“iv, , ?

n“u	for entry as scduntl-cla*, matter at the post-office at New York. N. Y.. pending.	Serial N O. 12
A Big Raise in Salary

Is Very Easy to Get, if You
Go About It in the Right Way

You have often heard of others who

doubled and trebled their salaries in a year's
time. You wondered how they did it. Was it a
pull? Don’t you think it. When a man is hired
he gets paid for exactly what he does, there is
no sentiment in business. It’s preparing for
the future and knowing what to do at the right
time that doubles and trebles salaries.

     Remember When You
         Were a Kid

and tried to ride a bike for the very first time? You
thought that you would never learn and then—all of a
sudden you knew how. and said in surprise: “Why it's
a cinch if you know how.” It's that way with most
things, and getting a job with big money is no excep-
tion to the rule, if you know how.

We Will Show You How

Without loss to you of a single working hour we can
show you a sure way to success and big pay. A large
number of men in each of the positions listed are en-
joying their salaries because of our help — we want to
help you. Make check on the coupon against the job
you want and we will help you get it. Write or print
your name on the coupon and send it in today.

American School of Correspondence
Dept. G-7184. Chicago, 111., U.S.A.

American School of Correspondence,
jippt. G-7184. Chicago, 111.

I want job checkcd—tell roc how to get it.

 ..Architect.

$5,000 to $15,000

 ..Building Contractor.

               Wi.000 to $10,000
 . Automobile Engineer.

 $4,000 to *10.000
 ..Automobile Repairman.

               $2,000 to *4.000
 ..Civil Engineer.

               Jf.,000 to 815.000
 . Structural Engineer.

               U .COO to $10,000
 . business Manager.

 *5,000 to 816.000
 ..CertifiedPublic Accountant
 $7,000 to $15,000
 ..Accountant and Auditor.

 J2.ROO to 87.000
 ..Draftsman and Designer.

               $2,600 to $4,000
 ..Electrical Engineer.

               $4,000 to $10,000
 ..General Education.

In one year.

......Lawyer.

$5,000 to 816.000

......Mechanical Engineer.

$4,000 to $10,000

......Shop Superintendent.

$3,000 to $7,000

.....Employment Manager.

$1,000 to $10,000

......Steam Engineer.

$2,000 to $4,000

......Foreman's Course,

              $2,000 to $4,000
......Photoplay Writer.

$2,000 to $10,000

......Sanitary Engineer.

$2,000 to 86.000

......Tulephone Engineer.

$2,600 to $5,000

......Telegraph Engineer.

$2,600 to 85.000

......High School Graduate.

In two years.

______Fire Insurance Expert.

$3,000 to 810,000

Name..

. Address..

STENOGRAPHERS I^tAVh'

EARN $25 TO $40 A WEEK

DON’T be satisfied with $12.00 to $20.00 weekly. Don’t be held
back by the old way in typewriting! Learn the wonderful
New Way, at home, in 10 simple, easy lessons. Already thou-
sands of stenographers and other typewriter users who never
exceeded 30 to 40 words a minute are writing SO to If words a
minute, with half the effort and with infinitely greater accuracy:
and their salaries have been doubled and trebled.

        80 to 100 Words a Minute Guaranteed
Most stenographers get small pay because they lack speed and
accuracy on the typewriter. No matter how good you are at
shorthand, you can never expect much increase in pay until you
get speed—rral si'EED—aku ACCURACY on the typewriter.

          Learn by Mail — 10 Easy Lessons
You learn at home quickly and easily, improving in speed with the
VERY FIRST LESSON! Special gymnastic Finger Train-
ing Exercises bring results in days that ordinary methods will not
produce in months. There has not been a single case where one
hasn’t doubled or trebled his or her speed and accuracy!

New Book Free ! ! !

We cannot describe here the principle of this new method. But
we have prepared a 32-page book which tells all about it in detail.
No instruction book ever written ever told so plainly the real
why and how of expert typewriting. The book is FREE.

THE TULLOSS SCHOOL
15580 College Hill, Springfield, Ohio

^DRUGLESS
bea PHYSICIAN

   This profitable profession open to ambitious men
   and women. It offers a chance to (hose who want
   to succeed. Don't say "no” until you know.
   Free catalog International' Colleec of Drugless
   Physicians. Dept. Ro. V. 4200 Grand Blvd.. Chicago.

        lAS RAILWAY TRAFFIC iNSPECTOR	|

     Learn this interesting profession by
     mail during spare time. Qualify for
     influential position —travel—splendid
     salary. We get you the .job on graduation.
     Booklet D 54 explains our course. Write
     Standard Business Training Institute

                        BUFFALO. N. V

“If you want increased
I salary, you should do
r as I did—take the New
I Way Course in Type-
t writing.

I I jumped from $13.00
I a week to $35.00 in
three months’ time.”

2
RO M ANCE

“$5,000 Working for Us!”

   “I bought another good bond todav and tonight Helen and I were figuring up our invest-
 ments. We now have $6,000 altogether, saved and invested where it will bring us $25 a
 month interest year in and year out. There's a wonderful satisfaction in having money
 you’ve worked for working for you.

    "I used lo laugh at the idea of my ever having that much money invested. I was just scraping along in routine
 work and spending what little I earned. Then one day my employer cave me some advice that really marked
 the beginning of things forme. He said success depended on two things. First, learn to do some one thine
 well. >o well that others will pay you for what you know. Second, save and invest something out of what you
 earn each month.

    "I was out of school and couldn’t go back, but I decided then and there to get some special training. I wrote
 to Scranton and found 1 could eet just the course I wanted and study at home evenines. So I started, and it
 wasn't lone before I could see a whole new futurein ourbusiness. The manager found I could do things others
 couldn’t and he gave me more important work—and
 I kept on studying and kept on climbing.

more money. .	...	...... „.

 with three increases the first year. And each pay day
 I put something aside.

    "So it’s been ever since. As I advanced at the office
 and my salary grew, my savings grew faster and 1 put
 them into good securities. It’s really amazing what a
 few years of consistent saving will do.

   "Since Helen and I have been married, we’ve had
 every comfort we could want and yet she has been as
 interested in saving as I. Why, she was happy as a lark
 tonight when 1 told her we had five thousand dollars in
 safe sound investments working for us!"

   Success is not something remote—it's not something
 that only the other fellow can enjoy. It is within easy
 reach for you if you’ll just follow the simple rules that
 have made all men successful who have practiced them.

    First, decide what your work is, the work you would
 most enjoy doing, then studv it, learn everything about
 it that you can. The easy convenient way to do this is
 to let the International Correspondence Schools help
 you. For 2!) years they have been helping men and
 women out of routine drudgery into the joy of doing
 work they like—helping them to win advancement, to
 earn more money, to have happy prosperous homes, to
 know the thrill of getting ahead in business and in life.

   More than two million have taken the up road with
 I.C. S. help. More than 110.000 are now turning their
 spare time to profit. Hundreds are starting every day.
 Isn't it about time for you to find out what the I. C. S.
 can do for you ?

    Here is all we ask—without cost, without obligation,
 just mark and mail this coupon.

n

 > TEAR OUT MERE “

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

BOX 859I-C, SCRANTON. PA.

 Explain, without obligating me, how I can qualify for the port*
 tton, or in the subject, before which I mark X.

 ELECTRICAL h.Mil.NKHC
 Electric Lighting and Railway*
 Elcctric Wiring
 Telegraph Engineer
 Telephone Work
 MECHANICAL ENGINEER
 Mechanical Draftsman
 Machine Shop Practice
 Toolmaker
 Gas Engine Operating
 CIVIL ENGINEER
 Surveying and Mapping
 MINE FOREMAN OR ENGINEER
 STATIONARY ENGINEER
 Marine Engineer
 Ship Draftsman
 ARCHITECT
 Contractor and Builder
 Architectural Draftsman
 Concrete Builder
 Structural Engineer
 PLUMBING AND HEATING
 Sheet Metal Worker
 Textile 0%'erseer or Supt.
 CHEMIST
 Navigation

 SALESMANSHIP
 ADVERTISING
 Window Trimmer
 Show Card Writer
 Sign Painter
 Railroad Trainman
 ILLUSTRATING
 Cartooning
 BUSINESS MANAGEMENT
 Private Secretary »
 BOOKKEEPER
 Stenographer and Typist
 Cert. Public Accountant
 TRAFFIC MANAGER
 Railway Accountant
 Commercial Law
 GOOD ENGLISH
 Teacher

 Common School Subjects
 Mathematics
 CIVIL SERVICE
 Railway Mail Clerk
 AUTOMOBILE OPERATING
 into Repairing inSpanUh
 AGRICUI.TIRI. IJ Kraneh
 Poultry Railing |_J Italian

 Present

 Occupation—

 Street

and No--

Clty_

_State_

3
ROMANCE

Free Proof That
I Can Make You a
Star Salesman

Earn $3,000 *° $10,000 a Year I

You men who are struggling along in small-pay jobs, hoping and striving
for success, I wish you could be here with me for just a few moments. I
could show you how thousands of men from every walk of life have stepped
to big paying positions in the selling end of business. They simply wrote
to me and asked for the same free proof I want to give you. They fol-
lowed my advice and today are earning §3,000 to $10,000 a year and more.
Many drive their own cars, own their own homes—have plenty of money—
travel about seeing the country and making
hosts of influential friends. They have learned
the secrets of successful selling. They are
Star Salesmen.

Just Send Me
Your Name

AND I will prove to you
that I can make you a
STAR SALESMAN.

No matter what work you
are now doing:, whether you
ever sold an article in your
life, I can teach you the
secrets that have brought
success and financial inde-
pendence to thousands of
men just like YOURSELF.

Get Into the Selling Field

Learn to sell! Then the whole wide world will
be your workshop! Miles of interesting travel

—meeting new people, learning new ideas, contact with
big problems every day—this is the fascinating life the
Salesman leads. No routine—no frrind — just like a long1,
continuous vacation compared to the average work. And
the Salesman is the best paid man in the world.

Don’t think that Salesmanship requires some rare grift that
few possess. The principles of successful selling are just
as simple as those of readme: and writing, if you have
someone to teach them to you in the right way. You'll be
amazed to find how easy it really is!

I WiEITrain You in Your SpareThne
And Help Land a Good Selling Job

   Read These
Amazing Stories
ofQuickSuccess

Earning 592 a Week

  After:*!x month*' nucre*-* a«t a trnvol-
  injr salesman in n position secarod
  thtouch your Employment Bureau. I
  am enmini:f'2 n week.—!*. W. Brau-
  del, 726 Benedict Avc.. Woodhaven.
  N. Y.

Earned 5524 in Two Weeks

  I lind never carttH rrcrc than tGO a
  month. List week I cleared 5S9G and
  this week i'JIS. You twr dr;no win-
  der* for Gro. W. Kf.atlns. 107
  W. Fark Place. Oklahoma Ciir. Okla.

        55,000 a Year
 I was drar. tr* #18 a week dafni: fac-
 tory work when I fir?', saw your ail In
 the pnpor nncJ vn.tr to you. That was
 the turnii>tr poin* in ni*- cart-er I am
 txm eftbi’xr » • »ear a* a *»lra-
 mnn. livliur a man « Uie, anil havo

  KinjH conrimr my .way nirht. nlcnp.
  ie N. S. T. A. d<w ~ —’'

 COffO. 111.

I Now Earn as Hlgli as
5100 a Day

 I took your course two yearn affo.
 Wea earning SK< n ween deriim*., Am
 now celling many ot th»< Innrert firma
 In the U. S. I have earned more than
 flOO in a dny. Vcu e.«cur»*d nn> mr
 podtii'n. Our Sale* MamjRer is a grad-
 uate of yours.—J. L- DlWSI^, 1C2S
 S. Crawford Avc,. Chicago, III.

By tills marvelous plan you, too. can easily master the secrets of selling by a short period of
delightful home study. You don’t take a moment's time from your present work. Just
spend a l ew moments' time each .lay in the study of the N. S. T. A. System of Selling
and you’ll learn quickly the secrets that have brought success and financial independence
to thousands.

Through the N. S. T. A. System you don’t serve a long and costly apprenticeship. In a very
short while you con l>e ready *o step into a sales position. Just as soon as you are ready and
qualified the Association’s Free Employment and Service Department wil I help
you select and secure a well-paid, congenial soiling job. And the moment you f" —	— “ —• “»

are a Salesman your chances for making money are unlimited.	I National Salesmen s Training Association,

Write Quick for Free Book on Selling

„	. . , , , ..	........ ,	. ■ hr and Employment Service. Also a lint snowing lines or

If you really want to get ahead, if you want to join tne ranks of the topnotcii- | businooa with opening* for aaie*mcn.
crs in the selling game, don’t delay a day in getting this volume, "A Knightof
the Grip." The coupon will bring it to you. In its pages you will find the
proof that you, too. can be a Star Salesman. Its impelling message has fired
the ambition of many men who left the crowd behind and made brilliant suc-
cesses in the field of selling. Read how they did it. Learn how our Free
Employment Service served them and is ready to serve you. See for yourself
the wonderful opportunities in this fascinating profession. Learn how you
can rapidly develop your natural talents and become a master Salesman.

 Name .

 Stp.ee r.

                                                                                        I

                                                                        City.

National Salesmen’s Training Association, ?|"r Chicago, III. | state .
Published Monthly by The Ridgway Company

   J. H. GANNON. President	C. H. HOLMES, Secretary and Treasurer

     Spring and Maedougal Streets. New York City; 6. Henrietta Street. Covent Garden. London. W. C.. England
     Yearly Subscription. $2.60 in advance. Single copy. 25 cents. Foreign Postage. S! .00 additional. Canadian Postage. 60 cents.

                                                   "ULLWANT HOFFMAN. Ed«„

Application for entry as Second-Class Matter at the Post-office at New York.N. Y.. pending.

     The editor assumes no risk for manuscripts and illustrations submitted, but will use all due carc while they are in
     his hands.

The Ridgway Company, Publishers of

T~)OMANCE, by printing the work of the best known American and English writers, and
side by side with it the work of less knowns and unknowns, is giving new writers the best
and quickest possible chance to be measured and recognized. It gives its readers the chance
to be the first to welcome the coming big ones. A new writer usually has to toil his way up
through the pages of magazines which the discriminating reader saldom sees, and general endorse-
ment of his work comes long after it is deserved. A good story is often underestimated because
it appears in poor company. Romance wipes out both these disadvantages. Its readers—and the
aim of Romance, fundamentally and throughout, is to reach readers who make their judgments
for themselves—will have the pleasure not only of giving recognition to good work that deserves
it, but of discovering new talent and, by their encouragement, helping it to develop, which is
the biggest possible service to contemporary fiction. In addition to that is the fun of investin';
in the future—giving one’s self the chance to say, “I told you so” about the names all the world will
some day recognize.

    Will you—the readers—tell the editor what you think of our authors? Especially the new
ones—how do they compare with the old, and what promise have they of being great when they
are old themselves?

Contents for October, 1920

JIMSIE OF KILMACK......Nell Hanson	3

     Irish eyes and a fiddler.

WHOM THE LORD LOVETH .... Ramsey Benson	8

    Blackstock’s year of plenty.

THE PAWN-SHOP A Poem	Jean Eatchelor	13

JEAN TROUVE A Two-Part Story. Conclusion . Neoil C. Henshaio	14

    The boy of the marsh and the heritage.

THE IMAGE OF SESPHRA.....James Branch Cabell 87

    Dora Manuel and the magic of Queen Freydis.

THE DEVIL’S HOUSE . . . . . . J. Storer Clouslon	94

    Helmolt upholds the traditions of the heirloom.

THE HEART OF CONCHITA .... Edgar Young	108

    Pals and the woman.

GOUACHE PICTURES OF ITALY
  II. Palazzo Contarini........Amy Lowell	112

(Continued on next page)
(Continued from prcccdir.g page)

THE TERRIBLE ISLAND A Four-Part Story. Part III Beatrice Grimshaw	113

    We battle with the Greeks for the mysterious box.

STELLA MARIS OF PETE’S . . . . Mella Russell McCallum 13}

    The Gipsy nurse makes her choice.

DYNAMITE HAS ITS ADVANTAGES . . Dale Brown	HO

    Nell and Jerry get “blowed off the fence.”

OBI...........Eden Phillpotls	147

    Wynne and the black “doctor" of the West Indies.

THE MOUNTAINS A Poem.....Abbie Huston Evans 154

BROKENDREAMS.......Konrad Bercoeici	155

    Regina frets her hour upon the stage.

ADVENTURING A Poem......Edna Valentine Trapnell 163

SOME PEARLS AND A SWINE . . . Carl Clausen	164

    The shell-diver's daughter and the man from the brig.

THE FRESHET A Poem......Bernard Raymond	172

MITCH MILLER A Serial. Conclusion . . . Edgar Lee Masters	173

    Mitch and Skeet and the Divided Trail.

THE MEETING-PLACE . . . ' . S. M.	187

HEADINGS.........William Hurd Lawrence

COVER . . . . "......Hibberd V. B. Kline

NEXT MONTH

                 The First Instalment of Phyllis Bottome’s Novel

“THE KINGFISHER"

Also a Complete Novelette

SIGOURNEY By Walter Millis

SHORT STORIES

CARNOC.....GEORGIA WOOD PANGBORN

                   THE ECSTASY OF 11 IE LIVING LIAR . C. //. BAKER. Jr.
                   THE WHIRRING PHOENIX	.	HAROLD LAMB

VLADS SON......KONRAD BERCOVICl

PARISIAN NIGHTS V.....HARRIS DICKSON

THE SCENTLESS ROSE	STEPHEN VINCENT BENET

              THE MISERETTE- .... EUGENE P. LYLE. Jr.

GENTLEFOLK......DOROTHY DUER

THE CHILD........H.C. BAILEY

                        And the conclusion of Beatrice Griinahaw's "The Tehhibi.e Island."

.	. I*.-- ,.* . ..
Jimsie of Kilmack

BY NELL HANSON

NORAH BYRNE bent her head as
she stepped through the cabin door
into the sunlit street, drawing her
shawl more closely round her as
she did so, for the April winds were chilly
on that western seacoast. She had barely
gone twenty paces, when three or four
young men separated themselves from the
various groups lounging round the cabin
doors in Sunday idleness, and joined her.

For Norah was the beauty of the village
and always had her following of lads, whom
she treated with exasperating impartiality,
sending some moonstruck youth up to the
seventh heaven of delight one day, and the
next bestowing her favors on his most hated
rival. Today Timothy Burke was in high
favor, walking on air, for he had been into
Ennis for a week and there had learned
the waltz—a dance unknown in Kilmack in
those days—and had been teaching it to
Norah Byrne.

And now it transpired that Jimsie Brien,
the hunchback fiddler, had somewhere
learned the tune of one, listening outside
the windows of the Honorable Mr. French’s
house, no doubt, and Norah and Timothy
were to dance together at the cross-roads
today, while the whole of the village looked
on.

There would be many envious looks cast
upon the pair; for Norah was graceful and
supple as a young willow and her dancing
was the pride of the whole countryside;
while Timothy Burke was the handsomest
lad in the village and the cause of many a
heartache in many a maiden’s breast.

The crowd had already assembled when
they reached the cross-roads, and the men
and girls were busily engaged in a jig,
the girls dancing with downcast eyes,
scarcely raising them to their partner’s
faces, their feet twinkling through the in-
tricate steps, dancing as if this were part of
the most serious business in life.

The music stopped suddenly as Norah
appeared, and men and girls cleared off to

Copyright, 1020, by The Ridgway Company in the United States and Great Britain. AU rights reserved. }

I
NELL H AN SO N

the sides of the road, clapping of hands and

cries of:

  ' The waltz, Norah! Let’s have the
waltz!” proclaiming their interest in what
was to come.

  Jimsie Brien raised his fiddle, tucked it
under his chin, and with a soft caressing
movement, his eyes fixed steadily on the
ground, began to play. Norah threw off
her shawl, and with head held a little
higher than usual and heightened color
for—she was fully conscious of the admir-
ing eyes fixed upon her—she advanced to
meet her handsome partner, and the dance
began.

  Timothy’s arm encircled her waist, and
Timothy’s ardent gaze never left her face,
as they circled round and round to the
swaying, dreamy music. But Norah’s
glance darted hither and thither, noting
the envious glancesV>f the girls and the un-
concealed admiration of the men, and her
heart beat quickly with excitement. Only
Jimsie Brien fiddled on and never raised
his eyes to look at her.

  A strange feeling of irritation took pos-
session of Norah. Because a man was
hunchbacked, was he therefore insensible
to youth and grace and loveliness?

  “He shall look at me!” she said to her-
self, and a little pucker of vexation showed
itself between her brows as she passed his
bent head.

  “Play slower, Jimsie.” she said softly as
they passed; and Jimsie played more
slowly, but did not raise his head.

  The music stopped; the waltz was over.
Cries of: ‘‘Dance it again, Norah darlin’,”
came from all sides. But Norah shook her
head, smiling. With the discernment of
the true artist and coquette she realized
that that which is not given too easily is
best appreciated.

  The applause continued. Suddenly the
girl turned on her heel and crossing the
open space toward Timsie’s corner:

  “I’ll dance ye a reel, by meself,” she
said. “Will you play for me, Jimsie?” she
asked coaxingly, bending toward the little
man.

  Jimsie nodded his head and slowly raised
his fiddle to his chin, but still he did not
look at her.

  With a scarcely perceptible shrug Norah
walked out into the open space, and stand-
ing in full view of the fiddler, she began to
dance. Faster, faster twinkled her feet;

her color grew brighter, her heart beat
quickly, and a little gleam of excitement
shone in her dark blue eyes as she danced,
keeping her gaze riveted on the hunch-
back’s head.

  “Jimsie,” she called at last, “Ye’re
playin’ too fast. Ye must watch me, or
ye can’t tell the shpeed to be playin’.”

  Jimsie played more slowly, but did not
raise his eyes.

  “It’s that slow now,” she called imperi-
ously. “Ye must look at me, Jimsie, or I
can’t dance at all.”

  Slowly the hunchback raised his head
and his large dark eyes, full of that suffer-
ing, mental and physical, that had been
his from babyhood, met Norah’s laughing
blue ones. For a long moment he looked at
her—neither of them could have counted
the time in seconds—while his fingers
played mechanically and Norah’s shapely
feet kept time to the music. Her color
faded, her breath came iR little gasps, and
a frightened look stole into her eyes.

  The music stopped suddenly with a jar-
ring discord. Jimsie rose from his seat with
a little shudder, and tucking his violin
under his arm, he walked away, leaving
Norah staring after him, heedless of every-
thing round her.

  The indignant protests of the crowd
roused her.

  “Och Jimsie, come back, ye spalpeen!
Ye promised ye’d play for us.”

  But he only shook'his head and plodded
on down the road that led to the sea.

  “D’ye think is he mad because ye said
he wasn’t playin’ right?” some one asked
Norah.

  The girl shook her head and walked over
to Timothy Burke.

  “Take me home, Timmy,” she whispered.
“I’m not wanting to dance any more.”

THE sun was sinking making a blaze of
color in the sky that was reflected in
the gleaming bog-pools below him, as Jim-
sie Brien climbed the Liny hill that led to
the Fairy Fort. Reaching the grassy, cir-
cular mound, built probably by some chief
of ancient time, though the country-people
prefer to think the Little People the archi-
tects, Jimsie seated himself against the side
that faced the sea. On his right was a low
clump of stunted bushes, while all round
stretched flat fields with low hedges and
bogland. No large trees of any kind could
J IM S I E OF

I; I LMACK

5

 stand the Winter gales on that Clare coast.

   “Hello, Jimsie. You’re late tonight,” a
 fresh young voice greeted him, as a boy
 about twelve years old appeared from in-
 side the fort.

   “Am I that, Master Alec?” Jimsie asked.

   “Indeed you are. Do hurry up and play
for me or I’ll have to go home. It’ll soon
be supper-time.”

   Jimsie sat for some time gazing out to
 sea, watching the changing colors of the
 sky reflected in purple and flame and
 orange in a strangely calm sea. And then
 he began to play. The boy had flung him-
 self face downward on the grass and
 listened spellbound as the music climbed to
 heights of joy ineffable, making him long
 to cry out with the very gladness of being
 alive, and sinking suddenly to depths of
 pain and despair such as he could not even
 dimly understand, but which wrung his
 musical young heart almost beyond bear-
 ing. And then the sound would soar away
 again to that almost unearthly paradise of
 joy-

   The playing ended suddenly with a wild,
 fierce sound, like the cry of some animal
 mortally wounded in the chase, and Jimsie
 sat tense and still, the shadow of pain and
 hunger in his deep gray eyes.

   “Tell me what it’s about, Jimsie,” asked
 the boy after a long silence. Jimsie did not
 answer.

   “Please, please tell me. I can’t under-
 stand,” pleaded the boy with the tactless
 persistence of youth.

   After a little Jimsie answered him. He
 spoke in a low musical voice, his eyes fixed
 on the far horizon.

   “It’s about a gurl; a beautiful gurl; the
 most beautiful gurl in all Kilmack an’ in
 the whole wurrld. She’s tall an’ graceful
 as the reeds that grow in the bog yonder
 an’ sway in the wind when it blows. An’
 her eyes are the sky of a Summer night,
 with the gay stars twinkling in the deep
 blue, so far away that ye can not come near
 them at all forever. An’ her hair is the red-
 brown leaves in the woods in Autumn. An’
 round her the fairies dance in a circle al-
 ways,” he went on dreamily, drawing the
 mystic circle with the bow of his violin.

   “They dance there always and always,
wishin’ her joy and the beauty of the whole
wurrld an’ the love of a great prince; an’
kapin’ out annything that is sad an’ ugly
an’ crooked. An’ that’s why I never can

 come near her at all,” he said, drawing in
 his breath with a shuddering sigh.

  “You’re not ugly, Jimsie.” Alec French’s
indignant young voice broke in on his sad,
spoken thoughts. “Mother says that no
one who is good and kind can be ugly, and
you are the kindest man in all Kilmack.
The children all love you best, I know.”
Jimsie shook his head mournfully.

   “It’s not the love of the child that’ll sat-
isfy a man’s heart, Masther Alec. It’s a
woman with her sthrong white arrums
about him holding him close to her breast
an’ lookin’- deep in his eyes an’ croonin’
love-words softly, that’ll satisfy a man’s
heart; an’ it’ll never be mine, avick.”

  Alec watched the red sun, now a slowly
disappearing ball on the horizon.

  “They say if you wish when the last bit
of sun disappears, you’ll get your wish,”
he said.

   “It’s not thrue, Master Alec. I’ve tried
it these many nights.”

  “I must be off to supper,” said the boy,
rising reluctantly. “Poor old Jimsie!
Never mind,” he said awkwardly, noting
the pathetic lines of the hunchback’s face,
and stooping, he gave him a rough, shame-
faced schoolboy peck on his pale cheek,
then swung away down the hill to his wait-
ing schoolroom supper.

WHEN he had gone, Jimsie raised his
violin, and the rich full tones, rising
now and then to a fierce harshness that was
almost discord, despairing and sinking once
more to exquisite tenderness, floated out
over the bogland. So absorbed was he in
the vision he interpreted that he did not
notice a man and a girl, who crossed the
bogland and presently, climbing the little
hill, sat down not far from the fort.

  “Whisht, Timmy,” whispered Norah. “I
want to hear Jimsie play.”

   “Och, why couldn’t he be playin’ for the
dancin’ today the way ye asked him?”
whispered Timothy irritably.

   The girl bit her lip and hot tears rose in
her eyes, as she turned her head and gazed
seaward. It was May, and the brilliant
sunset coloring was slowly changing to the
turquoise and gentle primrose of an early
Summer twilight.

  Four times in the last month she had
gone to Jimsie and begged him to play
again for the dancing, and each time he had
refused her curtly, turning on his heel and

_ ROMANCE --htrgixtinz
b

NELL HANSON

slouching away. And a curious little pain,
for which she could find no name, had crept
about her heart and would not be stilled,
though she laughed with the gayest and
footed it lightly to another fiddler’s playing.

  Jimsie played on. unheeding, and
Timothy sat in restless silence beside -the
listening girl. But the music wrought on
his emotions and he could be silent no
longer.

  ‘•Och, Norali, will ye listen?” he broke
out at last. “Doan’t ye know why I got ye
to come a walk with me darlin’?”

  But Norah turned on him quickly.

  “Whisht, I tell ye!” she whispered, cov-
ering his mouth with her little brown hand.

  But it was too late. The music had
stopped suddenly, and Jimsie had risen and
was making off down the hill.

  “Jimsie, come back and play.”

  There was entreaty in the girl’s voice,
but Jimsie did not even turn his head.

  “Why wud ye be listenin’ to thon old
music, Norah darlin’, when it’s meself is
longin’ to hold ye in me warrum arrums
and tell ye how I love ye, dear?” said
Timothy, as his arm stole round the girl. .

  But Norah sat still as a stone.

  “I’ve two cows, darlin’, an’ the hens and
chickens, an’ a good job at the hall beside.
Ye’ll want for nothing as long as I live,” he
said.

  But Norah slowly, determinedly shook
her head.

  “I couldn’t marry ye, Timmy, not if ye’d
ten cows an’ ten pigs an’ all the chickens
in Kilmack.”

  “Norah! Ye don’t love me then?”

  “I love no wan, an’ I’ll marry no wan,
ever,” said the girl with set face and all
the note of finality in her voice.

  Timothy rose unsteadily to his feet.

  “D’ye mane that. Norah darlin’?” he
asked, looking yearningly down at the still
face.

  “Yes, I mane it.”

  Then suddenly the set face relaxed and
hot tears rose in her eyes.

  “Och, Timmy, I’m sorry. I can’t help
meself,” she cried, stretching out her arms
to him helplessly.

  “Doan’t ye worrit yerself, darlin’,’’ he
said gently, turning away.

  Walking to a low stone dike that bor-
dered the bogland, he sat down, vainly try-
ing to shape for himself a new world in
which dwell no Norah. By and by he came

ROM.

back to her, and Norah watched him com-
ing, deep pity in her dark blue eyes.

  “It’ll be aisiest to go to Ameriky, darlin’.
Doan’t fret. I’ll be all right, an’ maybe
ye’ll change some day,” he declared
bravely.

  “Good-by for now. I’ll get home by me-
self, I think,” he said, as he crossed the
little stone dike that led to the. path
through the bog.

  Norah could only watch him dumbly,
for tears of pity and of strange loneliness
choked her. A long time she sat there,
while before her eyes rose the vision that
was with her night and day now, do what
she would; the image of a little stunted
man, misshapen, with bent head.

  And all at once the image would raise its
head and she would see a pale face, sensi-
tive, delicate, with gray eyes, lustrous, im-
measurably sad, that held hers and seemed
to draw her whole soul into their depths.

  By and by she crossed the turf to
Jimsie’s seat, and lying face downward
there, her face pressed against the green,
cool grass she sobbed as if her heart would
break. After a while she rose and gave
herself a little impatient shake.

  “Bah! It’s a fool-I am to be sure,” she
laughed harshly; and holding her head a
little more proudly than usual, she went her
way down to the cross-roads dancing.

AUGUST had come, and here and there
across the countryside little patches
of yellow were showing, where the farmer’s
small fields of grain were beginning to
ripen. High in the blue sky the larks
poured forth their song of joy. And night
after night toward the set of sun Jimsie
Brien climbed the little hill to the Fairy
Fort and played his strange melodies of
joy and pain.

  And many a night Norah Byrne, mount-
ing the hill before him, would hide herself
in the little wind-tossed clump of bushes
near the fort. Since the night when
Timothy had asked her to marry him
Jimsie had come alone, for Alec French had
been carried off to Dublin and no one else
cared to hear him play. On this August
night, however, Jimsie had hardly seated
himself when Alec’s clear voice hailed him,
coming up the hill.

  “It’s glad I am to see ye, Masther Alec,”
said the hunchback. “I’ve missed ye
sorely.”
JIMSIE OF

  “Me too,” said the boy earnestly, and
they chatted together, while Jimsie told
the boy of his brother who had gone to be
a soldier.

  “An’ if it wasn’t for this ould hunch of
mine, it’s a soldyer I’d be meself,” he said.
“For me heart’s there. An’ they do say
that before I had the fall that put me
crooked, me an’ me brother were the dead
shpit of wan another,” he finished wistfully.

  “Well, you’re a brave man anyway,” de-
clared the boy. “I heard that when the
fever was here in June you were in and out
to every one and never a bit afraid.”

  Jimsie shook his head.

  “Maybe I’d be gla'd to have taken it.
It wasn’t very brave,” he said.

  Down in the little clump of trees great
tears of pity stood in Norah’s eyes.

  “Play for me,” Alec suddenly com-
manded.

  Jimsie drew his bow and began a rollick-
ing jig, but the boy put out his hand and
stopped him.

  “No, no!” he said. “Play me about the
beautiful girl you love.”

  Cramped close in the little clump of
bushes, a fierce pain caught at Norah’s
heart, and she shivered as with cold.

  “Tell me about her again first. I forget
it all, except that she had red-brown hair
like the leaves in the Autumn forest.”

   “Yes, an’ she’s the most beautiful gurl in
the whole of Kilmack an’ in the whole
wurrld. An’ her eyes are the blue of the
sky on a Summer night with the stars shin-
ing. But sometimes lately they are gray
and dark like a storm-sky.”

   “And she’s tall and slender like the bog-

KILMACK	7

reeds that sway in the wind. I remember,”
shouted the boy. “And round her the
fairies dance in a circle always,” he went
on excitedly, clapping his hands. “Go on,
Jimsie. I forget the rest.”

   “Round her the fairies dance in a circle
always,” went on the dreamy, pathetic
voice, “Wishin’ her joy an’ the beauty of
the whole wurrld an’ love; an’ kapin’ out
all things that are sinful an’ ugly an’ mis-
shaped, that’s why I can never come near
her.”

   And so finishing, he began to play, while
close by in the clump of bushes Norah
Byrne strove -desperately to remember
whether in the whole of Kilmack there was
any girl but herself who had red-brown hair
and eyes like a Summer night.

   And a queer little fluttering joy raised
its head and pushed its way up through
the misery in her heart.

   Supper-time came soon and Alec trotted
down the hill, leaving the fiddler alone. A
long time he sat, his knees drawn up before
him, staring out at the changing sky and
the black shapes of the curraughs in the
bay, where the fishermen hauled at their
heavy nets. Then with a long, shuddering
cry he bent his poor misshapen back until
his pale face rested on his knees.

   “Norah!” he cried once.

  And then again, piteously. “Norah
Byrne!”

  A second and the girl was beside him,
but he did not heed her.

   “It’s me, Jimsie—Norah,” she whispered.
“An’ I’m lovin’ ye this long, long while
past,” she crooned, as her strong young
arms stole round him, drawing him close.”

ROMANCE
Whom the Lord Loveth

BY RAMSEY BENSON

YEAR after year, for four year:
Blackstock sowed wheat anc
nothing but wheat, and never oncc
did he get so much as his seed back
The long, cool Springs caused the grain tc
stool out till it covered the ground like z
carpet; the short hot Summers sent the
stalks shooting up to the height of a man’s
shoulders and filled out the heads in a man-
ner to promise great things, but in the Fali
—it was the Falls that played the mischief
Some sort of storm, perhaps only a trifling
flurry of wind in itself but enough to cleat
the air; after that a crisp, brilliant night,
beautiful as Lucifer and as wicked, and the
wheat was gone.

   Frost. Year after year for four years.
 Not only Blackstock but his neighbors as
 well. The calamity fell upon the just and
 the unjust alike.

   In that corner of Saskatchewan you
 might plow over a thousand acres and never
 strike a rock as big as a pigeon’s egg. You
 might dig fifty feet into the earth, or drive
 a drill that deep, and never encounter any-
 thing stiffer than clay.

   But Blackstock had a rock on his farm,
 a massy bowlder of granite which the
 glacial drift had freakishly perched on the
 highest knoll. He could stand on it and
 see every foot of his domain. He climbed
 up there often to look out over his wheat
 billowing and bowing in the wind.

   He never slept much the night of the
 frost. He could foresee the calamity from
 the moment the sun went down, so cruel-
 white, and he rose from his restless bed a
 dozen times to scan the purple sky sown
 with stars that sparkled like points of
 flame. With the first glimmer of morning
 he was out on the rock, and there he stood
 like a figure cast in bronze and watched
 the day dawn. The sun came up, its touch
 turned the wheal black as ashes and when
 the breeze swept lightly over the field, the
 stalks rattled like dry bones.

   Year after year, for four years.

8
W H O M THE LORD LOVETH

  Once upon a lime he housed and fed
some chance wayfarers and was curiously
prompted, for he was a man of few' words,
to tel’l them about his wheat. They asked
him why he didn’t try farming farther
south, where the frosts held off longer, but
Blackstock shook his- head.

  “My ancestors lived in a bleak country.
They might have gone farther south, where
life was easier, but they didn’t. They
tarried in the land the Lord gave them and
He blessed them and made them a great
people,” he declaimed.

  They could guess what people he meant;
nevertheless they asked him.

  “Scotch!” answered Blackstock, proudly.

  His call was to preach. It had been the
call of every Blackstock for ten generations
—in Scotland, in Ontario and now in Sas-
katchewan. They were a race of farmers
who thought out their sermons, as with
their own hands they till the stubborn
glebe, and they asked no pay for expound-
ing the Word.

  Here the little neighborhood schoolhouse
was a church on Sunday, and in it Black-
stock held forth. He preached drearily
enough and at prodigious length, but the
neighbors came and listened dutifully. He
preached as his forefathers had preached,
and they listened as their forefathers had
listened, for they were Scotch, too.

  If Blackstock was ever touched with
Pentecostal fire, it was the Sunday after
the frost. The neighbors came with the
sense of the calamity strong upon them.
They were poor folks, ill-prepared to
weather such a storm. There were debts
to pay and they hadn’t the wherewithal to
pay them. Even they might run short of
food for themselves and their beasts. A sad
and sober company.

  Blackstock invariably chose for his text
that day the verses from the Twelfth Chap-
ter of Paul to the Hebrews.

  And ye have forgotten the exhortation which
speaketh unto you as unto children, My son,
despise not the chastening of the Lord, nor faint
when thou are rebuked of him.

  “For whom the Lord loveth he chastcneth and
scourgeth every son whom he receiveth.

  “If ye endure chastening God dealeth with you
as with sons; for what son is he whom the father
chasteneth not?”

  The burden of his discourse was in keep-
ing. So far from bemoaning the calamity

he exulted in it, and his voice was the voice
of a prophet unto his people. They were
lifted up with him. They came away awed
but lifted up, as with the thunders of Sinai
itself in their ears. Awed and solemnly
glad. The Lord lo/ed them, for he had
chastened them.

   Blackstock’s little old wife sat silent and
listened with the rest. He wras a kindly
man with her but silent, and to hear him
speak out so was as wonderful and un-
wonted in her experience as in the neigh-
bors’. She drank in his words. Her faith
in him knew no limits.

BUT the long lane turned at last. The
fifth year was very much like the
others throughout the Spring and Summer
—that is, everything a good year need be.
Blackstock stood on his rock and watched
the wheat grow big and beautiful. The
harvest is late in that northern land and
August was well spent when the grain be-
gan to show yellow. But it ripened fast
<and there was no frost to cut it off.

   Everything favored, in fact. No frostsj
no rain to hinder the work, only golden
harvest-weather. The binders struck into
the fields and tossed off the sheaves with
scarcely an interval between—fat sheaves
that made a man stagger with the weight
of them.

   Golden sunshine day after day, and right
behind the binders came the thresher, swal-
lowing the sheaves as fast as four men
could pitch them into its greedy mouth and
gushing forth a stream of plump kernels
that was a very river of riches. The ma-
chine had a contrivance that tripped as
often as a bushel came out and the sound
of its tripping was like the music of a gay
dance.

   The yield ran better than fifty bushels
to the acre. Blackstock’s farm of one hun-
dred sixty acres gave him about eight
thousand bushels, and when he had hauled
it to market and sold it and out of the pro-
ceeds paid his debts, there still lay a matter
of ten thousand dollars to his credit in the
bank. A vast sum, in his economy. No
other Blackstock ever had so much. Quite
likely his forefathers for ten generations
back had together earned no such sum be-
yond their living.

  The bank was at Epsom, four miles
away. Blackstock came home with the cer-
RAMSEY BENSON

tificates of deposit and handed them to his
wife. They were made out to her.

  She took them in her hand uncertainly—
the hands which were eloquent testimony
to the poverty she had always known. She
read the figures and looked up at Black-
stock with a helpless air.

  “What shall we ever do with so much?”
she faltered.

  “Thee has always wanted a Paisley
shawl,” he answered weakly. Weak where
she had never seen him anything but
strong. With decision gone from him, to
whom she had always looked to decide.

  From that moment, in short, he was a
different Blackstock. Not only his wife
found him so but the neighbors as well. He
moped from morning till night. He spent
hours out on the rock, regardless of the
weather. Neighbors saw him there in the
rain and shook their heads sadly. He
didn’t start his plows or lift a finger toward
the next year’s crop. Neighbors were
briskly and blithely busy turning the
stubble, but Blackstock’s fields lay fallow.

  Nor did he preach. The word went up
and down that there would be no preaching
at the schoolhouse, and that was a sign
more disquieting than the others. Neigh-
bors whispered among themselves. Black-
stock was an old man. He was breaking.
He couldn’t last forever.

IN THESE days there registered at the
Epsom Hotel in Epsom a certain John
Waldo Finch. He had come up into that
country to sell stock in oil wells in Okla-
homa. Good crops bring a number of
things in their wake. Farmers so blessed
are themselves a harvest white for the sickle
and the laborers are never few. Like a
flock of hungry buzzards the tribe of agents
settled down on Saskatchewan that year,
with anything and everything to sell from
enlarged portraits to Florida lands.

  Finch was smooth. He didn’t go about
in a lordy car. Neither did he wear a silk
hat and kid gloves. He dressed and acted
and talked like a farmer. He could tell
tales likely to interest farmers, of ranchers
in Nebraska who hogged down their corn
to save the cost of husking it and of cattle-
men in Texas and Arizona who found it
paid to build up their stock by turning
loose on the ranges thoroughbred sires cost-
ing as high as ten thousand dollars a head.

  Of course he was leading up to his own

purpose but he led them so adroitly that
when at length he opened out his maps and
began to talk business, the neighbors were
prejudiced in his favor.

  He represented the Penguin Leases. The
Penguin Leases had taken over some thou-
sands of acres of land within sight of the
famous Black Panther well. Black Panther
was an established name—it had been
much in the newspapers, and though the
neighbors weren’t greatly given to reading,
they already knew about the well and its
amazing record of production. Finch had
with him the reports of experts to the effect
that the geological formation under the
property of the Penguin Leases was fully
as promising as that from which the Black
Panther poured forth its fabulous riches.

  Finch wasn’t lacking in originality.
With homely eloquence he enlarged upon
the risks of farming. That was a new
string, and he harped upon it more than
any other.

  “Just once in five years,” he pointed out.
“you have had a crop. You don’t know
when you’ll have another, and now is your
chance to make your future secure by in-
vesting in good, sound oil stock. I will sell
you stock in the Penguin Leases for one
dollar a share. In a few years, perhaps
in a few months, depending on the rapidity
of development, it will be worth ten dollars
a share—or twenty dollars—or even one
hundred dollars—and all the while you will
be drawing dividends.

  “If you put your money back into your
farms, you’ll throw- it away. Put it into
oil and it will be like bread cast upon the
waters. Mind you, I don’t deny that there
is money lost in oil but for every dollar
lost in oil, there’s ten dollars lost in farm-
ing—or more.”

  He was eloquent and adroit, but the
neighbors were canny. They w'ere im-
pressed but not convinced. They recom-
mended Finch to see Blackstock. It was
a tradition of their race to put trust in the
man whom the Lord had called to preach.
To him they ascribed an insight beyond
their own. If Blackstock thought the in-
vestment good, neighbors would be glad to
consider it further.

  Finch saw Blackstock, and the preacher
so far shook off his apathy as to concern
himself keenly with Penguin Leases. When
Finch spread out his maps, Blackstock re-
garded him and them intently, and when
WHOM THE LORD LOVET H

Finch opened the flood-gates of his elo-
quence, Blackstock listened without miss-
ing a word.

  But his aspect was ominous and his in-
quiries were more so.

  “If your project promises such profits,
why,” he asked, “do you come up here to
sell stock? Why don’t you go to New
York or Montreal, where there are so many
rich men wishful to invest?”

  “We want to scatter our stock among the
plain people—we don’t want capitalists in
our company,” Finch replied.

  “I should suppose one man’s money is
as good as another’s.”

  “You’re wrong there, Mr. Blackstock.
We want to build up a company that will
have the public confidence, and the way to
do it is to scatter the stock among a great
many small stockholders. The Pennsyl-
vania Railway-”

  “I dare say a great deal of money has
been lost in oil.”

  “Not as much as has been lost in farm-
ing. Farmers in Saskatchewan have lost
more money by frost in the last five years
than was ever lost in oil.”

  “I have my doubts—I have my doubts.”
“That’s all right—there’s always a
doubt. The best investments in the world
were doubtful investments in the first place
—it’s only where there’s a doubt that you
can make the lucky strike. If it wasn’t for
the risk that scares out the weak souls,
there’d be no chance for the strong men to
take it and get rich. You’re a strong man.
Mr. Blackstock, and if you’ll go in with
us, we’ll make it worth your while.”

  That was a daring shot, but it fell short.
Blackstock’s verdict was adverse.

  “I believe you are a swindler, Mr.
Finch,” he frankly declared, and to neigh-
bors who came asking what he thought, he
made answer—

  “Any man who puts his money in that
concern will never see it again.”

  Blackstock’s wife never thrust herself
into high councils such as these. It was
much more like her to efface herself when
men came to talk with her husband about
affairs. But the house was small, she was
busy in her kitchen with the door open and
she couldn’t help but overhear. Particu-
larly, since he spoke out emphatically, she
overheard her husband say—

  “Any man who puts his money in that
concern will never see it again.”

  Her faith in him was boundless.

AT THE Epsom Hotel in Epsom town
John Waldo Finch waited moodily
by the front window for the hour when his
train should come and take him away from
those parts. He had just paid his bill and
it was so much money thrown away. For
he was leaving those parts without having
sold a solitary share of stock in the Pen-
guin Leases.

  He was sore and disgruntled.

  “Do you know a parson out east of town
by the name of Blackstock?” he asked the
landlord.

  The landlord had heard of such a per-
son.

  “I'm told he preaches sermons an hour
long,” he remarked.

  Finch spat his disdain.

  “Deliver me,” he snarled, “from any man
who tries to be a farmer and a parson and
Scotch all at the same time. Of all the
stubborn, stingy, penurious, narrow, sel-
fish, clammy-”

  He checked himself. A bell clanged
loudly somewhere in the back part of the
hotel and the landlord hurried away in
answer to the summons. Finch flung him-
.self back in his chair and stared sourly out
of the window.

  Presently, as he stared, a rickety old
buggy drew up in front of the hotel and a
bent little wisp of a woman alighted. She
wore glasses, but even with their help
seemed short of sight, so that she peered
about her with an air of uncertainty and
fumbled awkwardly at the straps as she
hitched her dull and sleepy horse to a post.

  When she had got the horse hitched, she
fished an ancient leather wallet out from
under the ragged cushion of the buggy and
climbed up the steps to the hotel.

  “I wish to speak with Mr. Finch,” she
announced from the doorway.

  Finch was promptly on his feet. He
wasn’t so sore and disgruntled as to have
forgotten his manners altogether.

  “That’s my name,” he answered.

  The woman came nearer and eyed him
fixedly through her glasses.

  “The Mr. Finch who sells shares in oil
wells,” she specified.

  “I’m the man,” he assured her.

  “Well, I’d like to buy some shares.”

  “Certainly, ma’am. About how many
shares would you like to buy?”
IZ

RAMSEY BENSON

  “What does a share cost?”

  “The price today is one dollar.”

  “Well, I’ll take ten thousand shares.
Here’s the money.”

  So saying, the woman unwound the strap
of her old wallet and brought forth several
certificates of deposit. These she handed
to Finch.

  “Count them,” she directed.

  Finch was visibly flustered but he made
a quick recovery. He took the certificates,
set down the sum of each on the landlord’s
blotter and cast up the figures, while the
woman calmly studied the design of the
wall-paper.

  “They come to ten thousand, fifty six
dollars and eighty cents,” he informed her.

  “Well, you may take ten thousand dol-
lars and pay me the fifty six dollars and
eighty cents—I’ve got to buy me a shawl
and some things,” she rejoined.

  When the landlord came back to that
part of the house, Finch and the woman
were out on the sidewalk in front. Finch
had unhitched the horse and was helping
the woman into the buggy with considerable
ceremony. Evidently something had come
over him. He bowed and waved his hand
genially as the woman drove away, and
when he came back into the hotel, he over-
flowed with good-feeling and whistled an
air under his breath.

  He vouchsafed no explanation. The
landlord didn’t know who the woman was,
and Finch hurried off to catch his train
without enlightening him.

FOR four months there was no preach-
ing in the little schoolhouse. Neigh-
bors missed the sermons, for they were a
pious folk. They kept up the Sunday-
school and every Thursday night they got
together for prayer, but no such devices,
though they were good in their way, could
take the place of the preaching.

  There was quiet talk of having some-
body else come out from Epsom. Neigh-
bors weren’t used to paying their pastor,
but they felt rich these days and they
wouldn’t mind any reasonable expense.

  But because it might look like an affront
to Blackstock, nothing was done. Nobody
had the heart to speak to him and ask hi’s
consent. Neighbors thought he was break-
ing up and would never preach any more,
but not for the world would they let him
know that they thought so.

  It was a wonderfully mild, open Winter.
Very little snow fell, the blizzards were few
and far between and for weeks at a stretch
there was never a cloud to hide the sun.
The money which neighbors might have
given to Finch they kept and spent for
improvements about their farms, and the
open weather greatly favored the work.
The countryside resounded with the clatter
of saws and hammers. A busy Winter, in
short, and joyously only for the lack of
preaching.

  But there was no joy for Blackstock.
He did nothing but mope. Neighbors pass-
ing by saw him out on the big rock some-
times after it had grown so dark they could
barely make him out. They wondered if
he stayed there all night. They pitied the
woman and wished to help her with her
burden, but the most they could do was
to go over and call on the Blackstocks
often.

  Neighbors were astonished to see how
well the woman bore up. She seemed to
grow stronger under her trials and more
cheerful. They could scarcely get a word
out of Blackstock, but the woman talked
and visited with them as if there were
nothing amiss.

  The Silsbys were nearest, and a glorious
soft evening in February, with a full moon
to light them on their way, they drove over
to take supper and spend a few hours.
Silsby, since the big crop, had been taking
a daily newspaper from Winnipeg, and he
was fairly bursting with the things he
wanted to tell. Blackstock took no news-
paper. He had.books, but he had ceased to
read them.

  One thing especially lay heavy on
Silsby’s mind. The company were seated
at the table and he could scarcely wait for
the blessing to be asked before he was out
with it.

  “You remember the man Finch—he that
had the oil stock to sell?” he asked.

  The woman set her teapot down rather
suddenly. Blackstock was like a graven
image.

  “Well, he’s in jail—in Dakota,” Silsby
related, breathlessly. “It says in the paper
they’ve got evidence that will send him to
the penitentiary. He has swindled people
out of more than a quarter of a million
dollars all told. There’s no such concern
as the Penguin Leases—it’s the worst kind
of a fraud.”
  The woman picked up her teapot.

  “Do have a cup, Mr. Silsby,” she urged
hospitably.	•

  When the company were gone, though it
was- after ten o'clock, Blackstock put on
his rough peajacket and fur cap. His wife
asked him where he was going and he didn’t
answer. Then she bade him wait a moment
—she had a confession to make.

  She laid some papers in his hand, and he
regarded them dully.

  “What are these?” he inquired without
interest.

  “They are shares of stock in the Penguin
Leases. They cost ten thousand dollars. I
bought them with the certificates of deposit
which you left in my keeping.”

IT MADE a stir when the word went up
and down that Blackstock would preach
at the schoolhouse the next Sunday.
Neighbors never thought of it as anything
but a farewell sermon, however. They took
the word to mean that Blackstock would
preach just once more and bid them good-
by. They assembled as at a funeral.

  But it was no such thing. Blackstock
stood up before them and he was no more
broken than a boy. He held his head high.

His eyes flashed. Though his rugged face
couldn’t be anything but sober, they beheld
it radiant as never yet.

  And as never yet they heard him preach.
He took his text from Job but whereas Job
had made his book an epic of resignation.
Blackstock turned it into a song of victory
and exultation.

  “The Lord gave and the Lord hath taken
away—blessed be the name of the Lord!”
he read out, and his voice rang like a trum-
pet.

  Neighbors were greatly at a loss. The
best they could make of it was that Black-
stock’s health had suddenly taken a turn
for the better.

  His wife was in her place down in front.
She gazed up at him through her glasses in
the accustomed way—steadfastly, respect-
fully. Neighbors weren’t used to thinking
that she understood her husband’s sermons
very clearly. They fancied that she lis-
tened and gave strict attention rather be-
cause, as the minister’s wife, it was in an
especial sense her duty to do so than be-
cause the discourse meant much to her.
Thej' regarded her as a simple soul—very
good, but only ordinarily bright.

  She wore a new shawl.

The Pawn-Shop

  ABOVE ungardened alleys,

   What fairy fruits are these
   Dangling? The golden apples
   Of the Iiesperides
   Were no more brightly burnished,

   Less gleamingly were tossed
   The shining trophies on the way
   That Atalanta lost.

   No more beneath the brazen bough,
   Guarding the hoarded gold,

   There coils a scaly serpent;

   No longer, as of old,

   The path is set with perils;

   Perseus, his treasure spent,

   May here, beneath the triple balls,
   Borrow at six per cent.

                           Jean Batchelor
Jean Trouve

 BY NEVIL G. HENSHAW
 A Two-Part Story
 Concl usion

CHAPTER XI

IN WHICH A YEAR IS MADE TO PASS AS
QUICKLY AS POSSIBLE

OF PAPA TON’S return, of the year
that followed at Bayou Portage, it
is neither easy nor pleasant to
write. Also I fear that, as yet, my
tale has held far more shadow than sun-
shine. Therefore, for the sake of those
who have borne with me this far, as well
as for my own, I will strive to be brief.

Three days after Christmas Papa Ton
returned, disheveled, ill and empty-handed.

  “Ah, Toinette, Toinette, what can I say
to you?” he cried as he crept overside. “It
was just like the last time, only worse.
And through it all I thought of you so that
I had to keep on to drown my shame.

  “It is always your face that I see at the
bottom of the glass, Toinette—your face,
as it will look upon my return.”

  And Toinette, her eyes a blur of love
and pity, could only grip him hard about
his great neck and answer:

  “Bien, Papa Ton. You are back again,
at any rate. In with you now and to bed
until you are yourself once more.”

  Slinking to the hut in silence, the big
man lay as one dead for two nights and a
day. At the end of this time he arose and,
having gulped down an enormous meal, re-
sumed the burden of the marsh.

  At sight of my skins he was loud in his
praises, declaring that he himself could
have done no better. Also he insisted uppn
dividing equally with me, a thing which I
stoutly refused to allow. In the end he
gave in, turning his back that I might not
witness the emotion born of his gratitude.

  “Good Jean,” he gulped. “Believe me, I
will not soon forget this. And remember,
we are partners once the debts are paid.
It is your right.”

  Of his carouse he spoke to me but once,
yet there was a sermon in his few words.

  “You have seen?” he questioned the first
moment that we were alone. “Then do
not forget. If ever you would drink, fill
your first glass with poison itself. That
will be quicker for you and better for the
ones you love.”

  For a time Papa Ton spared his broken
spirit no single stroke from the twin
scourges of remorse and shame. Never be-
fore had I know him so tender, so humble,
so grateful for the slightest favor. He was

14
JEAN TROl'VE

like a child who, having committed an un-
noticed fault, is divided between wonder
and gratitude at the punishment withheld.

  Also, as in the case of his former defec-
tion, he performed prodigies of work, harry-
ing the marsh until the last penny of his
debt had been accounted for and the skins
had gone up to the bridge, together with a
second lot that was to replenish our larder
and settle the score of borrowed supplies.

  It is to these days of contrition and en-
deavor that I love best to look back when
I think of Papa Ton. Childish always, he
at this time became literally our charge.
Indeed, so great was his bewilderment, his
indecision, that had we not ordered him
about, I doubt that he would have got be-
yond a vague and helpless groping after
the solution of his many difficulties.

  So the first weeks of the new year passed
amid an atmosphere of love and pity which,
despite our need, rendered them the hap-
piest that I had known at Bayou Portage.

  Then, his debts paid and his system
cleansed of the poisons of the mainland,
Papa Ton began to develop his old rest-
lessness and instability of purpose. All
along he had refrained religiously from any
mention of the camp below. Now uncon-
sciously his thoughts began to slip the
leash of his determination.

  “So, Jean,” he observed one night, “I
hear that we have a newcomer in the per-
son of your friend, M’sieu Dugas.”

  A few days later he remarked:

  “They say that it is quite a place at the
lower camp. Bien, I must see for myself.
Not as a customer, of course, but merely
to look around.”

  These were warnings not to be disre-
garded, and in our despair we sent for Le
Bossu. ' Had he come at once, it is pos-
sible that the danger might temporarily
have been averted. But by the time the
little man’s answer arrived, telling of an
expedition to Lake Tasse and the obliga-
tion of a newly formed partnership, Papa
Ton had stolen off for a two days’ stay at
the lower camp.

  Upon his return there was another debt,
a debt that must be paid at once. This
necessitated a second trip below and a sub-
sequent stay of another two days. Toinette
and I were aghast. It was even worse than
we had feared.

  After this we settled down to a hopeless
fight against the rapacity of Monsieur

Dugas. Always was Toinette scrimping
and saving. Always was I tramping the
marsh for skins that melted away down-
stream. And always Monsieur Dugas
reached out for more, grudging us the very
food that went into our mouths.

  At first Papa Ton held rigidly to our
partnership, so that thert was always my
share of the skins to fall back upon. But
so importunate a creditor was Monsieur
Dugas and so piteous was the big man’s
need, that soon I began lending a skin-or
two to complete the required amount.

  The result of this was inevitable. Each
time the amount increased until the catch
began to go as a whole.

  Now if I have made it appear that Mon-
sieur Dugas was solely responsible for our
misfortune, I am fully justified. Each step
of Papa Ton’s downfall went further to
convince me that it was not the big man’s
fault. As Toinette always said, he meant
well and tried hard. Indeed, had Monsieur
Dugas merely let him alone, I doubt that
his case would have been so desperate.

  But Monsieur Dugas had not served his
secret bar for nothing. In the art of temp-
tation he was a past master. Did Papa
Ton, poisoned and repentant, stay away
from below a week, lip would come a pres-
ent in the shape of a small bottle. Once
that bottle had been drained, Papa Ton
was beyond all power of persuasion.

  As for Papa Ton, I can say of him that,
through all this bitter time, never once did
he cause our love for him to waver. Al-
ways he was kind and gentle, and the love
that he returned us was like some living
thing. That was the pity of it, the pity
that well-nigh broke our hearts.

  “Ah, Jean, Jean,” Toinette would often
cry. “If only he would beat us! Then we
might hate him and it would not be so
hard. What are skins and food compared
to his love?”

  Thus the year dragged itself out to hot
weather and our departure for the bay.

  This second Summer there were but
three of us upon the Toinette, for Le Bossu
was unable to join us. Again it was a part-
nership, the little man sending word that
he would be occupied until the following
Christmas, when we would see him without
fail. As a consequence Papa Ton made a
lonely, restless cruise, punctuated with
visits to the coffee-house of the coast.

  Upon our return to Bayou Portage long
ib	NEVIL G.

in advance of cold weather, we faced a
situation which promised to be even more
serious than that of the season before.
Early in the Summer young Pierre Valsan’s
wife had deserted him entirely and young
Pierre, returning to the camp, had sought
io drown his troubles in drink.

  His companionship was the one thing
needed to complete Papa Ton’s ruin. If
before the lower camp had been at the big
man’s elbow, Valsan’s swift launch now
placed it in his very hand. Always the
two were slipping down the bayou, some-
times making a half-dozen trips in one day.

  Soon our case became truly desperate.
With the approach of Christmas there was
no talk of the bridge. Never again, it
seemed, would our skins find their way up-
stream. We could only hope that Le
Bossu, learning of our plight, would bring
down a stock of supplies.

  . So we struggled on through the last
weeks of the old year and then, with Christ-
mas but four days off and the little man’s
arrival a matter of hours, the end came—
a terrible end that leaped upon us with all
the swift cruelty of the wild.

  It was late in the afternoon and, our
day’s work done, Toinette and I had gone
down to the landing. Le Bossu had sent
word that he would arrive either that night
or the following morning, and Papa Ton,
as usual, had gone with young Pierre to
the lower camp.

  We had pleaded particularly hard with
him that day, reminding him of Le Bossu’s
arrival, but the big man had reached a
stage where, if he fought temptation at all,
he merely battled with weak excuses. He
would be right back, he declared. This
was not pleasure but business. Only let
him settle a small account, and he would
leave without lifting so much as a glass.

  Thus, with two travelers to look out for,
we kept watch both up and down-stream.
Also we spoke brightly of the days to come,
tasting a happiness which was all the
sweeter in that it had been long delayed.

  For the first time in many months we
had found a rift in the dark clouds of the
future. Le Bossu was coming, and this
meant not only freedom from want but an
influence that Papa Ton had ever been un-
able to withstand.

  And even should the little man fail
this time, we had a plan. It was a vague,
nebulous plan which involved our removal
__

HENSHAW

to some other camp, and as yet we had
hardly dared to put it into words.

  Of course it was unthinkable, but if the
worst came to the worst, we meant to try
it with the help of Le Bossu. In all the
marsh there was no other who would have
dared to suggest such a thing to Papa Ton.

  “Come, Jean,” said Toinette finally.
“Why twist our heads off trying to look
both ways at once? Let us make a game of
it. I will look up and you will look down,
and the first to see boat or launch will be
the winner.”

  “Bien,” I agreed.

  And in the same breath I added—
“Your choice was bad, for you have lost
already.”

  “But that is only a pirogue,” objected
Toinette as she turned to see.

  “Look beyond,” I ordered.

  “But still it is not the launch,” persisted
keen-eyed Toinette. “It is a rowboat. No,
there are two boats. See how the water
glints between.”

  Rising to my feet, I shaded my eyes that
they might the better pierce the gray of the
approaching twilight. Now I could see
that Toinette was right. There were two
skiffs, moving side by side, and ahead of
them, skimming at top speed, came the
pirogue.

  Indeed, so hard did the paddler drive his
strokes that he was within hail of us before
even I-could comment on his haste.

  “Hola you,” he shouted. “Bring help.
There has been an accident.”

  I started off obediently enough, but there
was no need to follow' his instruction.
Other eyes had been watching the bayou,
and already the partners were on the run,
followed closely by Father Lasalle.

  Turning to Toinette, I found that she
had not moved. In her eyes was a look of
agonized impatience, and the hand she had
clutched to her heart was gripped so fiercely
that the knuckles showed white through
their tan.

  “Ah, hurry, hurry,” she begged. “Each
moment will mean so much.”

  “And why?” I asked, bewildered.

  “It is Papa Ton,” she answered dully.
“I know, Jean, I know.”

  Her hand rose and came back with a
thud as she added—

  “I can feel it here.”

  By now the pirogue had shot alongside
and the partners had seized its occupant.

ROMANCE
2

JEAN TROUVE

>7

  “Well?” they questioned.

  “It is your two from here, Laval and
Valsan,” panted the man. “They were
blind with drink. They were mad to try
that launch. From what I heard, the en-
gine would not start, and Valsan went for-
ward for gasoline with which to prime it.
He was smoking, and the tank exploded,
not so as to blow out, but in a great spout
of flame. Valsan fell stunned, and Laval
plunged forward to save him. It was all
over in a moment. We had put out and
taken them off in less than five minutes
after the first flash. Valsan is badly
burned, but he will come out of it.”

  He paused and in the horror of that mo-
ment it was Toinette who first found voice
to ask the already answered question.

  “And Laval?” she demanded as though
she feared the usual “Papa Ton” might be
misunderstood.

  The man looked away. Evidently he
understood only too well.

  “He is bad,” he muttered. “Up there
at the tank it was like a wall of flame. Not
being himself, he swallowed a lot.”

  Dalfrey held out a kindly hand.

  “Come, little one,” said he. “You had
best be inside.”

  But by then the boats had come, and lit
was too late to go.

  In one young Pierre, smoked and singed
beyond all recognition, hid his dreadful
black face in the charred cover of his
hands.

  “Ah, Dieu, bon Dieu,” he croaked in his
returning consciousness as he slowly rocked
from side to side.

  In the other, face down between the
thwarts, lay Papa Ton. He lay stiffly, with
a great arm thrust out on either side to
brace him, and, although he jerked and
quivered in his agony, he made no sound.

  Those who brought him said that he had
been that way throughout the endless, tor-
tured journey up-stream. Also he had
spoken but once, and then only to explain.

  “I must save myself for Toinette,” he
had said.

CHAPTER XII
PAPA TON SETS FORTH dll large

THEY got Papa Ton to' the hut and into
his bunk, where he lay upon his back,
panting in great, strangled gasps that tore

the very soul of him. At once Toinette
sprang to his side, rubbing his head, pat-
ting his hands, striving frantically for some
means to stay his pain.

  As for myself, I could only drop down
beside the bunk and sob my grief into the
stiff folds of the rough blankets.

   "Dieu,” swore silent Borges. “This will
not do. We must have a doctor.”

  Then Papa Ton spoke in a strange,
cracked voice that seemed to come from a
very great distance. He spoke slowly and
with many pauses, bringing forth each word
as if it had been achieved through some
•miracle of pain.

  “It—is—no—use,” he said. “I—am—
through. Leave—me—with—my—own.”

   I arose as the men filed out, and thus I
was enabled to see that, among those of
our camp, there was not one whose eyes
were dry. Somehow it was as if the true
tragedy of the affair had been withheld
until the moment of Papa Ton’s speech.
The flames had done their work well. Of
the great, rumbling voice only a few sere
ashes remained to be rustled by the breath
of agony.

  The men gone, Papa Ton spoke again,
this time to rebuke our grief.

  “No,” he struggled. “No—tears. It—
is—best—this—way. I—was—going—
down.- I—could—not—stop.”

   A pause, and he added:

  “I—have—seen them—those—old—
half-dead — men—of—the—coffee-houses.
I—escape—that—at—all—events.”

   After this he seemed to doze, lying silent
a long time, while Toinette sobbed softly
and I wrenched uselessly at the twist of
cover that I had seized in my despair.
Tante Odile crept in and, after a look
around, slipped quietly out again.

  From beyond the door came a subdued
murmur of voices and the grating of rough
shoes upon the broken shell. The men
were waiting at hand in case of need.

   Unable longer to endure the inaction, I
finally rose and mended the fire, blindly
heaping on the driftwood until the whole
room was aglow. At this Papa Ton roused
himself, calling me to him, and beginning
to speak in a pitifully weak and broken
voice, yet with a clearness and steadiness
that had been wholly denied him before.
Thus at the very end his endurance earned
its reward.

  “Jean, you must look after Toinette,”
,8	NEVIL G. HENSHAW

he began. "You must promise. There is
my sister, but she will not be like you.”
“Papa Ton, Papa Ton,” I cried. “How
can you ask such a thing of me?”

  “Bien,” he sighed. “I knew, but it is
good to be sure. Also you must see that
they put me here in the marsh. I could
not lie easy elsewhere.

  “For the rest, do not grieve, you and
Teinette. It is not so bad, this death. I
am setting forth au large, that is all. Al-
ways I have been the stay-at-home. My
brothers, my sisters, they all went out in
the world while I hugged this camp. Now
it is my turn. Au large, Jean. Au large,
Toinette. That is all.”

  He paused, and now there were tears in
his own eyes, those tears of pity that alone
could be wrung from his brave heart.

  “Courage, mes enjants,” he whispered.
“I tell you it is for the best.”

  He broke off again to heave himself up-
right with a stifled gasp.

  “Quick, your hand, Toinette,” he choked.
“This is a lonesome business after all.”

  And then, as Toinette gripped him, he
eased suddenly back upon the blankets,
releasing a deep, grateful breath, as does a
thirsty man who has had his need of cool
water.

  “My little Toinette,” he murmured and
lay still.

  Later, when we could not but be sure,
Toinette found heart to speak.

  “You will leave us, dear Jean,” she
begged. “I would like to be with him
alone for just a little while.”

  And so I went out, where the men re-
ceived me kindly, yet with that strange
aloofness which had so impressed me upon
the occasion of my father’s death.

  “He is gone?” asked several at once.
“Yes,” I replied and, unable to bear
more, I slipped ‘•away from them to the
seclusion of the shed.

  Here amid a litter of nets and ropes and
broken oars I hid my grief, while the men
still waited at the door, so near that now
I could catch the words of their low-pitched
conversation.

  “You see,” said Dalfrey. “It is what I
predicted, and it is but the start. Who will
be the next one?”

  “Yes, it was Dugas’ fault,” muttered a
strange voice. “He should not hav** let
them go. And our camp is worse than this.
Sometimes there is no trap set for days.”

  “He will ruin us all,” growled a second
stranger. “Myself, I can not keep away.”

  “Yet there is a remedy, a sure one,” of-
fered Dalfrey. “We have but to stick to-
gether.”

  “You mean—” began the first voice.

  “Let us wait for more,” interrupted
Father Lasalle. “Bad news travels fast,
and Papa Ton was well liked. There will
be many who will not wait for morning.”

  “That is right,” agreed Dalfrey. “It is
a job for all the marsh. Come, let us go to
the landings. Just now we can do nothing
here.”

  I heard them go thankfully enough, nor
did I give so much as a thought to the
meaning of what they had said. For the
moment I experienced a sense of desertion,
of abandonment, such as I had never known.

  It seemed that I must remain a derelict
ever seeking an affection that would en-
dure. Of the several who had offered me
their love and protection not one remained.
First there had been my father, then Mad-
ame Therese, and now Papa Ton.

  Dear, blundering Papa Ton who, even
beneath the grind of the marsh, had refused
to grow old. As I thought of him, all the
dross of his life slipped away, leaving only
his heart of gold.

  The care, the need, the toil of the past
year, what did it all amount to now?
Gladly would I go through it again and
again for but one call of the big voice, one
squeeze of the mighty arms.

  I knew true grief there in the shadow of
the old shed, grief that ever grew beneath
the lash of memory. And then, when it
seemed that I could stand no more, there
came a patter of light footsteps, a soft-
called “Jean” that brought me out into the
open with a rush.

  “Ah, Bossu,” I cried, while hope and
gladness flooded back into my forsaken
soul. “I knew that there must be some
one after all.”

CHAPTER XIII

  LE BOSSU TALKS BENEATH THE STARS

LATER, when Toinette had finally sub-
mitted to the kindly ministrations of
Tante Odile and had been led away, Le
Bossu and I slipped out for a breath of air
before the hut.

ROMANCE
JEAN TROUVE

  It was a wonderful night, still and cold,
and the stars shone so brightly that it was
as if each had trimmed its lamp to welcome
the big man home. We sat long beneath
the tiny beacon-1 ights, and as we sat, Le
Bossu spoke of the past, telling of things
at which he had but vaguely hinted before.

  “We will miss him, Papa Ton,” he began.
“In all my life I have never seen his like.
He was so true, so honest, so kindly to all
save himself. Yet, as he told you, it was
best for him to go. He had slipped far
down in the well, and I doubt that we could
have raised him again.

  ‘'Had I known his true plight, I would
have come to him despite a dozen partner-
ships. You must believe that, you and
Toinette. Otherwise I could not bear it.
Yet, as I have said, my coming could hardly
have sufficed.

  “And another thing—Papa Ton died well
and bravely. But for him, young Pierre
would have roasted alive. You must al-
ways remember this. It was a good way
to go.”

  Le Bossu paused, and when he spoke
again, it was with the slow, absent words
of one who gropes amid half-forgotten
memories.

  “Ah, but you should have known Papa
Ton in the old days,” he went on. “They
were a big family, the Lavals, and they
were proud with the pride of long standing.
Of the many brothers and sisters Papa Ton
was the only one whose ways were plain
and simple. And for this he was the most
loved, the best remembered of them all.

  “What if, as a boy, he threw away his
books to run wild in the fields and forests?
What if, as a man, he refused to go out
into the world, ever sticking to the old
home like a rabbit to its burrow? What if
later on he married unprofitably, picking
out the daughter of a poor tenant farmer?
These things do not count with humble
folk. They look 110 farther than the gen-
erous heart, the kindly word, the willing
hand.

  “You should have seen Papa Ton as he
used, to ride into town. ‘Here is Oton,’
some one would cry, and all down the
street the people would hurry out from
their houses for a look and a word.

  “It was the beginning of his ruin, this
popularity. Each man must drink his
health, and he was never the one to leave
a treat unnoticed. True, in these days he

was the master of himself, but he had al-
ready forged those fetters which only
awaited some moment of weakness to bind
him.

  “And then, with the death of his wife,
the opportunity came. She was a good
wife and she meant everything to Papa
Ton. Also her end was too swift, too
dreadful for his slow, heavy mind. One
morning she was singing about the house.
Before sunset sh£ was gone, leaving
Toinette to fill her place.

  “After that Papa Ton gave up. It was
too much for him. He could not under-
stand. All he knew was that forgetfulness
could be had for the drawing of a cork.
His friends tried hard, but it was no use.

  “Yet even in that dark hour he did not
forget these friends. One day he rode into
town and bade farewell to all.

  “ ‘I am going to the devil, and it is not
a nice thing for you to see,’ he said.
‘Therefore I mean to find some spot where
I will be alone.’

  “That night he slept at the bridge.
Next morning, having bought a boat, he
put out for the coast with Toinette. For a
time he drifted, finally coming to rest at
this spot. Since then he has been as much
a part of the marsh as the grass itself.

  “So that is Papa Ton’s story, and I have
told it that you might hear it from one who
knows.”

  The little man’s voice died out, and for
a while he sat musing.

  “And now for the future, Jean,” he con-
tinued, suddenly rousing himself. “Papa
Ton’s death will bring many changes.
What you do is, of course, your own affair,
but one thing I want you to know. At my
camp a place is waiting for you. Come,
what do you say? You will join me?”

  “That is good of you, Bossu,” I
answered. “It is what I should like above
all things. But I must stay with Toinette.”

  “So,” said he. “It is what I expected.
Nevertheless I would not act hastily. You
are getting on, Jean. You are a man now
in size and experience, and your future lies
just before you. What you do now will
perhaps determine the whole course of your
life. Also, whereas you have done well
with the skins, you were not born to be a
trapper. Indeed, my offer of just now was
made chiefly that you might know my love
for you.”
20

NEVIL G. HENS HAW

  He waited for his words to sink in and
then added quietly:

  “No, Jean. You are not for the marsh.
Your place is on the hill-top by the bridge.
It is where you belong.”

   On the instant I had seized him, shaking
him in my surprize and consternation.
“What!” I cried. “You know?”

  “Most certainly,” he smiled. “But you
need not fear, Jean. I have told no one,
nor will I do so without your permission.”
“But how—■” I began.

  “Jean, Jean," he interrupted. “At least
give me credit for a little sense. Did you
look like the nephew of an Uncle Jules?
Good blood can not be denied, even upon
the marsh. Take Toinette, for example. I
guessed from the very first. Afterward,
knowing the story of your parents and
hearing of your journey to the island, it
was not hard to make sure.”

  “And my mother’s people?” I questioned,
speaking for the first time of a matter over
which I had often puzzled.

   The little man shook his head.

  “There was only an old father, and he
was not of this country,” he replied. “After-
ward he went away.”

   “So,” said I, and for a space I could only
stare at him, half-stupefied by my utter
amazement.

   It seemed incredible that for this little
man my carefully guarded secret had been
no secret at all.

  “And so you knew,” I muttered. “You
knew all along.”

   “As I have said,” agreed Le Bossu brisk-
ly. “There were a hundred things to give
you away. Yet you set me one riddle to
puzzle over, and that was your fear of be-
ing found out. Come now, what is the
answer?”

  “It was M’sieu Dugas,” I answered. “I
was afraid that he would take me away.
And there is the general also. You do not
know how hard and cruel he is. I do not
like to think of what would happen if he
were to get his hands upon me.”

   The little man chuckled, reaching out to
shake me in turn—a long, comforting shake
of kindly reassurance.

  “Come, wake up. Jean,” he ordered.
“You are still frightened by the nightmare
of your arrival. You are no longer the
small runaway of two years ago. You are
a big, strong youth, hard and quick and
well able to look out for yourself.

  “As for Dugas, he is of all men the one
least able to harm you. They have driven
him from the mainland and, if my ears
have not failed me tonight, he will fare no
better here.

  “Also you need have no fear of M’sieu
the General. Had he meant you ill, you
would have heard from him long before
now. Do you imagine that he has gone on
in ignorance of his grandson’s whereabouts?
He has a long arm, that old M’sieu the
General. Some day he will reach out for
you, and it is of this that I am thinking.
You are a fine youth, and it must be very
lonely on that hill-top. Suppose you try
again before laying your plans for the
future?”

  “Bossu,” I flared. “How can you say
such a thing? Would you have me creep
back after having been driven away? Be-
sides, if the general were to come for me
himself, I would not go with him. What
do I care for that hill-top? I want you and
Toinette and all the other folk who have
been good to me.”

  Again the little man’s hand went out,
this time in a clutch of silent approval.

  “Bien,” said he after a while. “You
have made your choice and I love you for
it. Nevertheless you are acting like the
boy that you are. In this world riches and
power are not to be despised. When you
are older, you will know. For the rest,
I feel that I have done my duty by you.
It was not fair that you should go ahead
with your eyes closed to the great chance
that might be yours for the asking.”

  “You need not have troubled,” I put in.
“I will never ask. Even if I wished to, I
could not leave Toinette.”

  “Then your future is easily arranged,”
said Le Bossu. “Since you mean to stay
with Toinette, there is no need to consider
you further. Where she goes, you go, and
there is an end of it. As for Toinette’s
going, that is a matter to be settled by
Madame Alcide, the sister of Papa Ton.
Of all the Lavals she loved Papa Ton best,
and she will be sure to come when I send
for her.”

  Rising he added:

  “And now in with you to Toinette’s
room, where you must get such rest as you
can. I will keep watch until morning.”
Rising also, I was about to go inside,
when I noticed that Le Bossu had paused
to stare intently down-stream. Following

ROMANCE
4

JEAN T

the direction of his gaze, I saw that for a
short distance the sky was all glowing and
a-quiver with flame.

  “The hunters,” said I. “They grow
more careless each year. Let the wind
shift, and it will go hard with the lower
camp.”

  “It is the lower camp, or rather the
coffee-house,” corrected Le Bossu. “They
were preparing for it when I arrived. I
would have gone myself, had there been
any need.”

  “And M’sieu Dugas?” I questioned.

  The little man shrugged.

  “That is his affair, although you may
trust him to look out for himself,” he re-
plied. “If he is wise, he will take to the
marsh, slipping out to safety by way of the
bay. Peaceful though I am, I would not
like to trust myself to keep finger from
trigger were I to see him coming up the
bayou.”

  We watched until the glow had faded
out, leaving only a smudge of sullen red
that glowered like some dull, evil eye
across the shadowy reach of the grass.

  “Bien,” muttered Le Bossu as he turned
away. “It will be a long time before this
marsh sees a better night’s work. The only
pity is that it was not done before. For
us it is like the springing of an empty trap.”

CHAPTER XIV

MADAME ALCIDE

IN THE dawn of the following morn-
ing Le Bossu shook me awake and
carried me off to breakfast with the La-
salles. For the present we would eat there,
he explained, as we tramped the short dis-
tance through the brisk, morning air. Also
Toinette would remain under the care of
Tante Odile until her future had been pro-
vided for.	~
Arriving at the Lasalles, we found
Toinette waiting for us in the doorway.
She was very pale and very quiet and to
our greetings she replied only with a low,
mechanical:

  “Well, Bossu? Well, Jean?”

  Afterward she slipped back against the
wall, standing rigidly in one spot until
Tante Odile called her to table.

  It was a cheery meal, that breakfast, for
throughout its brief course it was enlivened

. — ROM

ROUVE	21

by the bright chatter of the little Lasalles.
Ordinarily Toinette would have made the
most of her opportunity, laughing and teas-
ing until she had produced a perfect
pandemonium of merriment.

  Now she sat as if frozen, deaf even to the
all-absorbing conversation of the elders.

  As was natural, the talk turned upon the
raid of the night before in which Father
Lasalle had played a prominent part. It
had all been as simple as it had been com-
plete.	/

  Led by Dalfrey, the trappers had slipped
down the bayou and had surrounded the
coffee-house without so much as a word of
opposition. Having broken inside, they
had smashed all the cases and bottles be-
fore setting fire to the building. After-
ward they had stood by to see that the
flames did not spread to the other huts or
to the near-by marsh.

  Each move had been carried out with
the care and deliberation of a legal pro-
ceeding. There had been no noise, no
rowdyism. Of the large stock of liquor
destroyed, not one drop had been drunk by
the invaders.

  As for Monsieur Dugas, he had risked no
chance on a wait in the marsh. Evidently
he had been warned in advance, for he had
taken to his boat and had escaped down-
stream some time before the arrival of the
men from the upper camps.

  “It was a lesson that will not soon be for-
gotten,” observed Father Lasalle. “Now
they will respect us here on the marsh. Of
course there is still the chance that Dugas
will make trouble for us. In that event we
can only plead the necessity of our course.”
“You may rest easy on that score,” re-
assured Le Bossu. “If you have broken
the law, Dugas has broken it also, and he
will be forced to admit his guilt before he
can even so much as mention yours.”

  Not until the last plate had been pushed
aside did Toinette recover herself. Then,
amid the clamor of the departing children,
she suddenly arose.

  “I am going home, Tante Odile,” she
announced. “You promised that I should
go as soon as breakfast was over.”

  “And so you shall,” began Tante Odile,
when Le Bossu broke in upon her.

  “A moment,” he interposed. “Before we
separate, we must consider our arrange-
ments.”

  As if the little man’s words had recast
NEV1L G.

HENSHAW

her former spell, Toinette abruptly re-
sumed her seat. She made no protest either
by look or word. She was frozen again.

  “You see,” whispered Tante Odile from
behind the cover of her battered coffee-pot.
“She has been like that ever since she came.
You must speak to her, Jean. You must
make her cry. She can .not go on like this.”
“So, Toinette,” continued Le Bossu.
“That is a good girl. And now for the
first thing, which is the informing of your
father’s family. To me it seems best that
we should at once send a message to your
aunt, -Madame Alcide. As for the others,
they are scattered wide, and there is little
time. Also we can count upon Madame
Alcide to notify them if she considers it
worth while. You agree with me in this?”
Toinette answered without raising her
eyes.

  “You know best, Bossu,” she muttered.
“I only want to go home.”

  “Then, since you leave it to me, I will
send to Bois Berard at once,” said Le
Bossu. “With a fast launch we should re-
ceive an answer before sundown. Also I
will instruct Madame Alcide to put off her
coming until tomorrow.

  “It would be hard to make her com-
fortable overnight, and there is little that
she could do. For the rest, we can delay
our other arrangements until we hear from
her, since their details will depend wholly
upon her answer.”

  Rising, he added to me:

  “You will take Toinette home, Jean. I
will join you there, once I have arranged
for the launch.”

  A little later, as I prepared to depart
with Toinette, Tante Odile called me aside.

  “Speak to her now, Jean,” she urged.
“You may not have a better chance.”
Accordingly, once we were outside. I
took firm hold upon my courage and spoke
to Toinette. It was not an easy task, and
it was rendered especially difficult by the
consciousness that for the first time there
was a sense of strain between us.

  “Toinette,” I began, “you must not

grieve so. You must-”

  I faltered to a standstill, and Toinette,
abandoning her grief for pity, made haste
to answer me.

  “Bien, Jean,” said she. “You need say
no more. I understand, and I will do my
best, if only for your sake. But do not
expect too much. Just now there is some-

thing between me and everything. Per-
haps it is my sorrow. Perhaps it is death
itself. I do not know. When that some-
thing is gone, I will be myself again.”

  She broke off to relapse into her former
attitude of silent misery', nor did she speak
to me again throughout the dreary length
of that endless day. Yet, now that 1 under-
stood, I was strangely comforted. Some-
how I knew that, once this nameless bar-
rier was removed, we would come together
again in perfect understanding.

  Three hours before sunset the little man’s •
messenger returned. He had made good
time, and his news was highly satisfactory.
Madame Alcide sent word that she would
set out for Bayou Portage at daybreak the
following morning.

  Also she would bring with her the curt
from Bois Berard. The funeral could be
arranged for midday, as she would cer-
tainly have arrived before that hour.

  Le Bossu received these tidings with
evidence of gratitude and appreciation.

  “It is what I expected,” he declared.
“She is like that, Madame Alcide. For
years she has not seen or heard of her
brother, yet the moment she is called upon,
she does everything in her power. Now
the funeral will be a success.

  “Also we must put our best foot forward.
It is not often that a place like Bayou
Portage is visited by such a one as the
widow of Alcide Berard.”

  That this impression became general was
soon shown by the preparations that be-
gan and continued until sunset. Door-
yards were swept. Drying sheds were
cleaned of their litter and put in order.
Landings were tested and, through the driv-
ing of a nail, were freed from the treachery
of loosened boards.

  Upon the Lasalles the burden fell es-
pecially hard, for in her capacity of sole
hostess of the camp Tante Odile found it
necessary to clean up inside as well as out.
Long after dark she swept and scrubbed,
assisted by Toinette, who alone remained
indifferent to the general bustle and ex-
citement.

  “Those cobwebs, Toinette.” Tante Odile
would cry. “See, they are like a cast-net.
Out with them, and do not forget the smoke
behind. Remember it is your aunt who is
coming.”

  And Toinette without a word would
march woodenly to the attack. Like Tante
JEAN TROUVE

23

Odile she performed prodigies of cleanli-
ness, but it was all done with the stolid un-
consciousness of a well-regulated machine.
Not once did she mention the coming of
her aunt. This event like all else remained
outside the strange barrier that had shut
off her world.

  Throughout the next morning the boats
put in at Bayou Portage. They began to
arrive with the first of the light, and from
then on there was hardly a moment when
some craft could not be sighted upon the
bayou. In the night the word had gone
forth, spreading from camp to camp with
that mysterious swiftness which ever jvings
the tidings of disaster.

  Now from each nook and corner of the
coast the marsh-folk set out to pay a last
tribute to Papa Ton. That the big man
was well liked had been a matter of pride
at our camp. Not until now, however, did
we learn of the true esteem in which he had
been held by all.

  Indeed, we were hard put to it to look
out for the visitors who arrived in an ever
increasing throng. Beginning with those
who lived near, the list extended until there
was hardly a camp within striking-distance
that did not have its representative.

  Men came from Cypremort, from Onion
Bay, from Isle Lapin, from the Hammocks,
little and big. There were hunters, trap-
pers, fishermen, oystermen; all the harriers
of the coast, from those who matched their
strength against the great fish of the bay
to the aigrette-hunters—men who slew
thousands of beautiful and defenseless birds
for the sake of a single feather.

  Having arrived and discussed the ac-
cident at the landings, they clambered up
the bank to fall gravely silent before the
door of the hut. Here their hats came off
and many, upon going inside, made a slow
and solemn sign of the cross.

  Still silent, they paused for a moment
beside the bunk where Papa Ton took his
last rest upon the worn blankets. Then
they passed out to draw a great breath, to
swear softly, to demand of those who stood
about if the big man had not been the best
of them all.

  Next, it was a visit to the last of the
huts, where young Pierre had been left to
the care of his father. Here old Valsan
shuffled distractedly about, the one inhab-
itant to catch a glint of silver in the dark
cloud that overhung the camp.

   Indeed, in several ways it was a red-
 letter day for the old man. First, he had
 come into the public eye, an experience dear
 to the heart of even the humblest Cajun.
 Next, young Pierre had been well punished
 both for his desertion and intemperance.
 Finally, the old man felt that his son was
 returned to him permanently.

   Immediately after the accident a mes-
 sage had been dispatched to Madame
 Pierre. She had replied by saying that if
 her husband were in need of her care, he
 could come to her. Otherwise he must
 trust to his friends, since under no circum-
 stances would she leave the mainland.

   Thus amid the general grief old Valsan
 approached a contentment that was wholly
 foreign to his crabbed nature. All day he
 held high court, now haranguing the visi-
 tors as to his son’s mishap, now conducting
 them inside to where, incased in a huge
 cocoon of bandages, young Pierre twisted
 miserably beneath the sting of his burns.

   Lastly the visitors repaired to the La-
 salles, where Tante Odile, caught again in
 the vortex of entertainment, strove hero-
 ically to provide them all with the inevit-
 able black coffee. It was a miracle, that
 filling of the endless procession of empty
 cups. Ten o’clock found the camp stripped
 down to its last handful of berries, but its
 reputation for hospitality had been sus-
 tained.

   “Bien,” sighed Tante Odile, when the
 final cup had rattled empty into its heavy
 saucer. “We have won, but it was a close
 thing. A little more and I should have
 been forced to give them bayou water.”

   Thus the morning passed, until word
 came from the bayou-bank that Madame
 Alcide’s launch had been sighted up-stream.
 At once Tante Odile plunged into a frenzy
 of final preparation, while Le Bossu, calling
 to Toinette and myself, led the way to the
 landings. The little man was plainly ex-
 cited and, as we waited, he admonished us
 earnestly as to our behavior.

   “Do not forget your manners,” he kept
 repeating. “You must show Madame Al-
 cide that even though you are of the marsh,
 you know what is due such a visitor.”

   The effect of this was to throw me into
 a perfect torment of self-consciousness.
 For the first time I became aware of those
 awkward penalties that attend a sudden
 growth. At once I felt all legs and arms,
 and I further discovered that my clothes

ANCE
14

NEVIL G.

HENSHAW

were very old and ragged and were also
several sizes too small for me.

  Toinette alone was undisturbed. Clad
in a white dress, over which Tante Odile
had labored patiently the night before, she
stared out over the water with the fixity
of a statue.

   “Dicu," muttered Le Bossu, interrupting
his admonitions. “This is too much. Will
nothing move her?”

  As he spoke, the launch rounded the
mud-flat and swung in toward the landing.
In its stern, seated between the cure and a
small brown-clothed stranger, was Madame
Alcide.

  Despite the disadvantages of her posi-
tion, my first sight of Madame Alcide was
an imposing one. She was a large woman,
tall and broad, yet without a suggestion
of stoutness. Also there was about her an
air of stately repose, so Jhat even on the
narrow, backless seat of the launch she
held herself comfortably erect. She was
dressed in a plain black skirt, a loose black
sacque, and upon her head she wore a black
sunbonnet.

  This sunbonnet was the crowning touch
of her apparel. Not only did it proclaim
her caste. It went further and made pos-
sible the dignity of her arrival. Seated in
the launch in a bonnet or hat, she would
merely have appeared ridiculous. In the
sunbonnet she was mistress of the situa-
tion.

  As the launch slid alongside, she made
no movement of greeting or of recognition.
Waiting quietly until the craft had been
made fast, she arose at a word from her
companions and allowed herself to be as-
sisted on to the landing.

  It was then that I had a look at her
face, a strong yet placid face, finely molded,
generously proportioned, and set with a
pair of shrewd gray eyes. The mouth, firm
and straight, betrayed the character and
determination of its owner, and when
Madame Alcide spoke, there was blended
with the graciousness of her tone a well-
defined note of authority.

  “This is M’sieu Jean Le Bossu?” she
questioned.

   The little man made his best bow.

  “At your service, madame."

  “You have my thanks for all that you
have done, m’sieu,” said Madame Alcide
simply. “And these, of course, are my
niece and the boy of whom I have heard.”

IZQ£

  Bending, she kissed Toinette upon the
brow, after which she studied her intently
for a moment.

  “Yes, you are Oton’s child,” was her
verdict. “You are Laval all through.”

  In my fcase she contented herself with a
pat upon the shoulder, yet I was well-nigh
overcome. Done by Madame Alcide, it
was like an accolade.

  “You are a big boy, Jean Trouve,” said
she. “They could have had but little
trouble in finding you.”

  These greetings over, she bethought her-
self of her companions. They stood as they
had sat, upon either side of her, while the
visitors, drawn up in a rough semicircle
upon the bayou-bank, regarded them with
frank curiosity. Observing this, Madame
Alcide embarked upon a general introduc-
tion.

  “Pere Parmentier is, of course, well
known to you,” she began, whereupon the
cure stepped forward.

  He was a small, wiry man, with vague
blue eyes and a great shock of snow-white
hair. As he advanced, he smiled as if in
recognition of many well-remembered faces.

  “M’sieu le Docteur Poussard,” Madame
Alcide next announced, and the brown
stranger, clicking his heels together, per-
formed a contortion that was half-bow and
half-military salute.

  Like the cure he was small and he was
also wrinkled, as a fruit is wrinkled after
long exposure to the elements.

  For the rest lie was brown, in his dress,
his complexion, in the coloring of his eyes
and his scant thatch of hair. Even his
voice gave one an impression of brownness,
since it had the dry, crackling rasp of
ancient leather. Yet, for all this, there was
nothing vivid or startling about the doetor’s
appearance. He was as natural as a
withered leaf in a Winter forest.

  “I am honored, my friends," he declared.
“Also, in my capacity of physician, I am
here to do what I can.”

  “Come, Poussard,” interrupted Mada'me
Alcide. “My poor brother is dead. He has
been dead for more than a day. A thou-
sand doctors could not bring him back
again.”

  She spoke without a trace of heat, nor
did the doctor appear in any way to resent
her rebuke.

  Later I came to know that their friend-
ship was of a kind where even the greatest

ROMANCE
JEAN TROUVE

r->

frankness failed to give offense. Also,
whereas Madame Alcide always spoke to
the doctor as Poussard, she invariably
spoke of him as nt’sieu le docteur.

  Having completed her introduction,
Madame Alcide turned to Le Bossu.

  “I will see my brother first, m’sieu,” she
announced. “Afterward we had best go
on with the burial. It is necessary that I
return home tonight, and we have much be-
fore us.”

  At once Le Bossu led the way, Toinette
and I following, and the cure and the doc-
tor bringing up the rear. Passing through
the ranks of the silent and staring visitors,
we arrived at the hut where Madame Alcide
knelt to a brief prayer beside the bunk be-
fore taking a last look at her brother.

  It was a long look, and when Madame
Alcide spoke, her words contained a pity
beyond the power of expression.

  “So this is what he ran away to,” said
she.

  She choked silent, while two great tears
gathered in her eyes and fell unheeded to
the floor.

  “Come,” she murmured. “I have seen
enough.”

  And she added as we left for Tante
Odile’s—

  “Death is not so bad, after all.”

  Half an hour later the funeral started, a
great affair that was the talk of the coast
for many a day. I recall it as a long pro-
cession of bareheaded men, led by one of
the little Lasalles who, clad in white robes,
held proudly aloft a golden cross. Back
of the huts a grave had been dug in the
clayey soil, and here the partners, Father
Lasalle and three chosen' men from the
upper camp lowered the rough box that
they had carried so reverently.

  It was a still, warm day, and only w'hen
the curt raised his voice in prayer did a
little breeze spring up. Then, while the
marsh-folk knelt in the sunlight, the whole
great sweep of grass rustled slowly and
solemnly, as if each tiny blade bowed its
head in honor of a soul that was gone.

  Of all the incidents of Papa Ton’s fun-
eral I remember best that swaying marsh
and the rigid white face of Toinette, who
to the very last preserved her stony calm.

  “So,” said Le Bossu, when it was all over
and we had turned away. “It is right that
he should be where he fought and won.”

  Then I understood why Papa Ton had

wished to lie in the marsh, holding in death
the spot that marked his final victory over
the ever encroaching grass.

CHAPTER XV

X MOVE ON

WE RETURNED to the Lasalles
where Madame Alcide, refusing all
offers of rest and refreshment, entered im-
mediately upon a final adjustment of Papa
Ton’s affairs.

  “I thank you, madame, but I seldom tire
myself,” said she in reply to Tante Odile’s
protestations. “As for food, I have neither
the time nor the heart for it just now. It
is necessary that I be home tonight, and
there is much to attend to. With your per-
mission and with the aid of yourself and
the rest, I will make my arrangements.”

  Accordingly, once Madame Alcide was
seated in the best of the few, ancient chairs,
the others gathered round her—Tante
Odile, Father Lasalle, Le Bossu, the curt
and Doctor Poussard. I sat with Toinette
upon one of the bunks, feeling very much
as a prisoner must feel who awaits the find-
ing of a jury.

  It seemed a wholly unnecessary nuisance,
this eternal settling of one’s future. Why,
I wondered, did they not let Toinette and
me go on as before? .We would miss Papa
Ton terribly, but except for this we could
manage as well as ever.

  Some such thought must have troubled
Toinette, for her hand crept into mine.

“You will not leave me, Jean? You will
not let them take me away?” she begged.

  This was reassuring, but by now
Madame Alcide had begun to speak, and I
could only squeeze the small, cold hand
in reply.

  “My brother, he left anything of value?”
questioned Madame Alcide, addressing Le
Bossu.

  “That depends upon what you mean by
‘of value,’ madame,” he replied. “He leaves
a daughter and a boat, both of the name of
Toinette. Also there are some skins, some
traps and a few household effects. There
is also the hut, but that must belong to the
first one who cares to claim it. We know
nothing of rent upon the marsh.”

  He paused, while the cure appeared a
trifle dismayed, the doctor frankly be-
NE V I L G.

HENSHAW

wildered. Madame Alcide, however,
seemed capable of a full appreciation of
the little man’s quaint humor.

  “Well spoken, m’sieu” said she. “You
are as thorough as you are brief. That is
the trouble with most of our people. They
talk too much. As for what my brother
has left, since you seem to consider the
daughter named Toinette of chief value
and since it is only human for one to de-
sire the best of everything, I will take her
myself.”

  “A wise choice, madame,” commented Le
Bossu. “Then she goes with you this
afternoon?”

  “She does,” answered Madame Alcide.
“I have already arranged a place for her
in my home.”

  At this I felt Toinette’s hand tighten in
mine and a moment later she had risen,
dragging me forward with her.

  “I am sorry, madam e, but I can not go
with you,” said she. “I must be here to
look after Jean.”

  Madame Alcide received this announce-
ment with a composure wholly uncompli-
mentary to Bayou Portage. One could
see that, since arriving at the camp, she
was prepared for anything.

  “You must call me Tante Aurore, not
madame, Toinette,” she corrected. “As for
your staying here with Jean, it is out of
the question. It would not be right or
proper, as Pere Parmentier will tell you.”
“Most certainly not,” agreed the cure.
“And why is it not right that Jean ahd I
should keep on as before?” questioned
Toinette.

  This proved too much for Madame Al-
cide’s powers of endurance. Evidently she
bad remembered that, after all, Toinette
was a Laval.

  “Child, child,” she remonstrated. “It is
indeed time that you were with me. Can
you not understand that you are almost
grown and that, before, your father was
alive to protect you?”

  “But Jean will protect me just as well,”
persisted Toinette. “He is almost a man.”
“That is just it,” declared Madame
Alcide, seizing upon this point with an
eagerness that betrayed a close approach
to verbal defeat. “Jean is almost a man,
and he is of no kin to you. Neither is he
your husband. Under these circumstances
it is impossible for you two to go on living
together.”

  “Then if that is the case, we will be
married,” said Toinette promptly. “You
are willing, are you not, Jean?”

  “Why, of course,” I agreed. “Pere Par-
mentier can marry us before he leaves.”
Madame Alcide sighed patiently.

  “You can not be married, you two,” she
explained. “You are too young.”

  “Then I am too young to marry, yet too
old to live with Jean?” asked Toinette.

  “Exactly,” replied Madame Alcide, and
now there was a hint of sharpness in her
voice. “Later you will understand. But
we are wasting time. You will go home
with me, and there is an end of the matter.”
Before replying, Toinette glanced ap-
pealingly at Le Bossu. The little man’s
face was sad, but his nod was unmistakable.

  “Bien,” gave in Toinette. “I will go
then. But Jean must go with me.”

  “As you wish,” temporized Madame
Alcide. “I will see to it, once you are
settled. It is probable that it can be ar-
ranged.”

  Toinette shook her head.

  “Jean must go with me,” she repeated.
“He must go when I go and he must stay
where I stay. Otherwise I will not leave.”
Having spoken, Toinette released my
hand and returned to the bunk, where she
froze at once into her attitude of stark in-
difference. There was something so de-
cisive, so wholly final about the action that
Madame Alcide was impressed beyond the
power df argument.

  “Well?” she questioned a little breath-
lessly, turning to her advisers.

  “Pardon, madam,” put in Le Bossu. “It
is this way with Toinette. She does not
mean to be bad or stubborn. It is only
that Jean here has become as a brother to
her and she can not bear to be away from
him. It would be kind of you to satisfy
her in this. As for the boy, I myself will
vouch for him in every respect.”

  As he spoke, the little man gave me a
look that seemed to say:

  “Now is the time for them to know who
you really are. But if this is not your wish,
you may count upon my silence.”

  There fell a brief pause during which
Madame Alcide looked me carefully up
and down. Evidently she found nothing to
offend her, for when she spoke, her tone
was one of frank capitulation.

  “I do not wish to be unkind.” she began.
“On the other hand this is a matter de-
JEAN TROUVE

serving of some thought. I had planned to
take my niece into my home. If this boy
comes with her, I must arrange all over
again.”

  She considered a moment and then
added, as if the thought had just occurred
to her:

  “But the boy himself has not been con-
sulted. Perhaps he would rather remain.
Come, what do you say, Jean?”

  “I must go, madame,” I replied. “I
promised Papa Ton. I will work hard, I
will live in the woods, if there is no place
at your home. Only let me stay near
Toinette and I will be satisfied.”

  “Well spoken again,” said she. “You
seem quiet and polite, Jean, and you have
a good face.”

  She broke off, wavering, and turned to
the cur6.

  “What do you think, Pere Parmentier?”
she questioned.

  “You will make no mistake in taking
him,” came the reply. “You have room,
and he will prove of help to you.”

 “And you, Poussard?” continued
Madame Alcide.

  “Pere Parmentier is right,” answered the
doctor. “As for work, I will, if. necessary,
find him a place in my manufactory.”
“That is settled then,” decided Madame
Alcide. “I will take, him and will do the
best that I can for him.”

  Abashed yet grateful, I started to
mumble my thanks, but Madame Alcide
waved them aside.

  “Off with you and get ready,” she
ordered. “Also take Toinette. If, when
you return, our business is finished, we will
leave at once. We can not afford to lose
the tide.”

  Thus I missed the rest of the council,
although the disposal of Papa Ton’s few
effects was fully explained to me later on.
The traps and the household goods were
left with the Lasalles, who sold them to the
new occupants of the hut. The skins, taken
to the buyers by Le Bossu, were disposed
of in the usual way.

  Also the little man arranged for the sale
of the Toinette, turning her over to a fish-
erman upon the lower coast. The money
obtained from these various sources was
spent wholly upon Toinette’s education.

  “He would never study, Oton,” declared
Madame Alcide. “Therefore he must do
double duty by his daughter.”

  Of my last visit to the hut I retain only
a memory of unfamiliarity. Dark, cold,
curiously disordered by the many who had
come and gone, the well-remembered room
was like the abode of a stranger.

  Somehow, as I looked about, I felt no
sorrow at the thought of my departure. It
was a shell, that hut, empty even of its
memories. With the death of Papa Ton
the soul had gone out of it.

  Gathering together such garments as
might be worthy of my new estate, I thrust
into the bundle my mother’s picture, and
the gold-piece given me by Madame
Therese. The picture, my one link with
the past, I had kept in a sheltered spot.

  Often I had turned to it in moments of
misfortune to find the vague comfort of
that first night upon the prairie. Toinette
too never tired of gazing at the sweet, wist-
ful face, although she always turned away
from it with a light of reflected sadness in
her eyes.

  As for the gold-piece, despite our many
necessities Toinette had never allowed me
to part with this memento of the rue Bour-
bon.

  “No, Jean,” she had always replied when
I pleaded the call of our empty larder.
“Remember, it was the last gift of your
dear madame.”

  Thus I left Bayou Portage as rich as I
had arrived; nay, richer, for at the last
moment, when Toinette had come from her
little room, bundle in hand, I had a final
thought.

  “The gun,” I asked. “You think that I
might take it?”

  “Of course,” answered Toinette. “Were
you not partners, you and Papa Ton?”

  So I took down and shouldered the old
muzzle-loader together with its bags of
powder and shot.' Also Toinette fondly
considered her red-shaded lamp, finally
moving it to a prominent place upon the
shelf above the open fire.

  Evidently, although she had decided to
abandon this cherished possession of hap-
pier days, she did not mean to have its
importance underestimated by the new oc-
cupants of the hut.

  Then we passed out, and as I shut the
door, Toinette put into words my feelings
of the past few moments.

  “It is not so hard to leave,” she mut-
tered half to herself. “It is no longer home.
It is only a box of boards.”
NEV1L G.

HENSHAW

  That was it and, now that I knew, I
understood the wisdom of our going.
Madame Alcide was right. Toinette and I
could not have gone on together. There
could have been no Bayou Portage for us
without Papa Ton.

  Reaching Tante Odile’s, we found the
council over and its participants engaged
in considering a miraculously discovered
pot of coffee. At sight of us Madame
Alcide at once set down her cup.

  “You are prompt, you two,” she de-
clared. “Also yours is a good example to
follow. Come Pere Parmentier. Come
Poussard. Remember the tide.”

  At this came a bustle of leave-taking,
during which I was kissed by Tante Odile,
smacked upon the back by Father Lasalle
and mauled by their swarming brood.

  Also, at the landing there was a second
outburst of farewells, in which I said good-
by to every one over again, this time re-
ceiving a silent hand-grip from the partners
and a long and incoherent blessing from old
Valsan, before Le Bossu called me aside.

  The little man’s eyes were suspiciously
bright, and he spoke with a catch in his
voice, for he had just taken leave of
Toinette.

  “Adieu, Jean,” he began. “Adieu and
good luck.”

  “But Bossu,” I exclaimed, alarmed by
his choice of words. “You speak as if I
am not to see you again. Will you not
come to the woods?”

  “Of course,” he replied. “But Bois
Berard is not Bayou Portage. It is out of
my way, as it is out of the way of these
other friends of yours. You will not see
us often.”

  “Then I will come back,” I cried. “I
will come back as soon as I can.”

  The little man shook his head.

  “No, Jean,” said he. “You will not come
back, nor will you wish to. You are
through with the marsh. You have all that
it can give you. It is time to move on.

  “And that is another thing. Here the
paths of our lives will separate, going dif-
ferent ways. For me it is the same old
round of skins and game. For you-”

  He paused, while his arms went around
me in a final embrace.

  “Bui we will see,” he finished. “And
now you must go, since the others are wait-
ing.”

  So I left him and went down to the

launch where Toinette, her good-bys over,
sat staring with unseeing eyes at the wav-
ing, calling group upon the bayou-bank.
Even when we slipped out from the landing
and headed up-stream, she maintained her
air of mute detachment, although I noticed
that the hands that held her bundle were
resolutely clenched.

  Only when we rounded the mud-flat did
she betray any interest in our departure.
Then, as the inhabitants and the few re-
maining visitors raised a final cheer, she
waved with the rest of us, until a bend of
the marsh hid the camp from view.

  “Well, we are off,” observed Doctor
Poussard, as if in earnest of his readiness
to take part in any conversation.

  But Madame Alcide was deep in thought.

  “As you see,” she replied, after which
she»resumed her meditation, glancing re-
peatedly from Toinette to myself.

  As for Pere Parmentier, he had already
begun to doze with his hat pulled over his
eyes, so the little doctor, his duty' done,
hunched himself into a crumpled, brown
ball and was immediately fast asleep.

  Thus we journeyed in silence, yet for
me the short voyage was replete with in-
terest and incident. Throughout my stay
at Bayou Portage I had not been up as
high as the bridge and, once the more fa-
miliar reaches of the bayou were passed,
each bend of the tw’isting stream held some
new vision for my well-trained eyes.

  Now it was a ribbon of muddy beach,
starred with tracks and littered with clean-,
scraped mussel-shells—a very El Dorado
of ’coonskins. Now it was a tiny cove from
which whirred frantically a flock of un-
suspecting teal. Now it was a school of
jumping mullet that glittered for an instant
above the brown water, as if Nature in her
prodigality had thrown aloft a handful of
silver.

  From the banks came the quaint chatter
of the little brown sparrows, and the red-
wings. those wantons of the marsh, flung
themselves into the air again and again
through very joy of life.

  Then, as we approached the bridge, I
found a fresh interest in the change that
came over the marsh. Below, the grass had
grown as thick and even as a well-trimmed
hedge. There had been no break, no rag-
gedness to mar the vast sweep of tiny
blades that marched on to meet the horizon.

  Now the banks became rough with scat-
JEAN TROUVE

tered hummocks and brush-clumps until,
as we swung into the last reach below the
bridge, the grass thinned out entirely, giv-
ing place to the dense, riotous growth of
‘the conquering myrtle.

  Mallows thrust their stiff spikes above
the feathery myrtle-tops. Through the
gaps in the brush I glimpsed a smudge of
distant live oaks. And then, as we slipped
past a clearing made by fishermen, the low
hills of Marsh Island heaved themselves
into view. v

  By now the sun had all but dropped
below the marsh rim, and when we finally
raised the weatherbeaten pile of the old
warehouse and swung into its landing, the
sky was touched with the grayish rose of
the brief afterglow.

  At once Madame Alcide abandoned her
thoughts and, having paid the owner of the
launch, resumed charge of the expedition.

  ‘“Poussard, you will fetch Achille,” she
ordered, as we scrambled ashore.

  “You, Toinette and Jean, will wait here
with me until all is ready. As for you,
Pere Parmentier, there is a place for you,
if you will have it.”

  But Pere Parmentier, although spoken
of as the cure, of Bois Berard, was in reality
a resident of the prairie. His small church
and still smaller presbylkre lay some dis-
tance from the woods upon the road to St.
Pierre, and he had accordingly ridden in
alone, meeting the others at the bridge.

  Having thanked Madame Alcide for her
offer, he followed Doctor Poussard around
the corner of the warehouse. Shortly after
the two reappeared, the cure astride a
small, wicked-looking pony, the doctor
leading an ancient and enormous white
horse that was hitched to a battered surry.

  At sight of this equipage Madame Alcide
saw fit to perform a species of equine in-
troduction.

  “My horse, Achille,” she announced.
“He is a prince of horses, although like his
namesake he is somewhat uncertain about
the heels. You know the story?”

   I replied that I did not. Toinette merely
shook her head.

  “Then I will tell it to you at the first
opportunity,” continued Madame Alcide.
“Without it you can not appreciate the
beast at his true worth.”

   She broke off to give the horse a friendly
pat upon the shoulder.

  “He is all right, Poussard?” she de-
manded.

  The doctor bowed, accompanying the
movement with a grimace of pain.

  “As right as he is heavy, madame,” he
answered ruefully.

  “Then you have been careless, Pous-
sard,” chided Madame Alcide. “It is quite
evident that he has stepped upon your foot
again.”	-

  Having been assured of Achilles’ condi-
tion, Madame Alcide allowed herself to be
assisted to the driver’s seat. Then, while
the limping doctor climbed up beside her,
she ordered Toinette and me to get in at
the back.

  All being ready, she picked up the reins
and, having drawn them into two horizon-
tal lines, suddenly brought them down with
a resounding slap upon Achille’s back.

  The action was so abrupt, so vigorous,
that I clutched instinctively for support.
As at the crack of a starter’s pistol, 1 ex-
pected that we would dash off at top speed.

  Achille, however, was more accustomed
to this demonstration. Save for a slight
twitching of the flanks, he paid no heed to
this signal, nor did several others, deliv-
ered in rapid succession, accomplish any
better result.

  Madame Alcide sighed, as she reached
for the switch of peeled oak that did duty
as a whip.

  “It is your own fault, Achille,” she
pointed out, cutting under at some vulner-
able spot that caused the old horse to
rouse himself into a slow, elephantine
movement that might be best described as
a stumbling walk.

  Thus we rolled pondrously off, crossing
the bridge and causeway, while Pere Par-
mentier followed beside us, his every energy
bent to the restraining of his impatient
pony. At the edge of the prairie he gave
up the struggle. Bidding us good night,
he loosened rein and at once shot away in
the direction of his home.

  After this we labored across the silent
shadowy prairie until finally there loomed
ahead "a high, black bulwark of forest.
Evidently Achille became seized with a
longing for the comforts of his stable, for
he now quickened his pace to such good
purpose that the dark barrier of trees was
picked out with a scatter of lights—very
small and fitful, like the glow of fireflies.

  Then, as we went on, and the soft swish
NEVIL G. HENS HAW

of the grass underwheel was asped with a
crackle of dead leaves, the lights became
fixed and larger, until they developed into
the orange squares of lamp-lighted win-
dows.

  “So,” said Madame Alcide, pulling up
before a line of fence that sprang wraith-
like out of the darkness. “We have ar-
rived.”

  All along Toinette had sat mute and
rigid, her bundle clasped in her lap. To
the trials of the day had been added a
wearisome journey, yet she had uttered no
word of complaint. Now, as Madame
Alcide descended earthward with a word
to us to follow, Toinette rose stiffly, drop-
ping her bundle at my feet.

   “Jean, Jean,” she suddenly cried, and
with the words she fairly threw herself
into my arms.

  In a moment I had her back upon the
seat again, hugging her close to my breast.
And there she lay, a limp, stricken bundle
of despair, torn by the fierceness of her
long pent-up grief.

   “That is right,” soothed Madame Alcide,
leaning inside to comfort her with a caress.
“When you have had it. out, you will be
better.”

   And she added in an undertone:

   “You must stay with her, Jean, until it
is over. Poussard will watch the horse.”

   So I sat on, hugging Toinette close while
she sobbed her heart out against the coarse
stuff of my old jacket. And as I sat, it
seemed as if the strange night-voices of
the woods were raised in a hymn of tri-
umphant joy.

   I forgot my doubts, my perplexities, the
unguessed future that lay ahead. For the
long siege was over, the barrier was down,
and Toinette had come back to me again.

BOOK III

BOIS BERARD

CHAPTER I

BOIS BERARD

BOIS BERARD, a brief thread of
wooden structures strung along the
leafy edge of the forest, seemed quite im-
posing after the stark desolation of the
marsh. It was a small place, even for a

settlement, yet the scatter of rough build-
ings was so widely spaced that it conveyed
the impression of being twice as populous
as it really was.

  Coming in from the prairie along a
grassy, woodland road, one first encoun-
tered the store of N. Bonnemaison, a truly
wonderful emporium which was said to con-
tain a stock unmatched between St. Pierre
and the bay. The store-building was wide
and deep, with a high, slanting roof, and a
spacious front porch. Upon its right, set
back behind a fence of fancy wire, was the
storekeeper’s home.

  This home was the wonder of the prairie,
for its owner had modeled it in miniature
from a dwelling in St. Pierre. It was a
square house of a story and a half, severe
in its lines to the tops of the upper win-
dows. Here began an elaborate contortion
of scrollwork pendant from the eaves, and
at one side bulged forth a bay-window with
a round, peaked roof that resembled a huge
dunce-cap.

  Next to his business, which was founded
upon long years of square dealing, Mon-
sieur Bonnemaison was proudest of his
home. Always in going to and from his
store, he paused for a final glance at it.

  “You are surprized?” he would exult,
when strangers came to view the marvel.
“Well, it would be the same with me were
I in your place.”

  And he always ended with the joke that
had become a byword in that section.

  “You see I am Good-House himself,” he
would chuckle. “Even though I am in the
woods, I must live up to my name.”

  Beyond the store straggled a line of small
cabins. In them dwelt the inhabitants of
Bois Berard, wood-folk who followed no
special calling, tending their small gardens,
hunting or gathering moss in the forest,
turning their hands to such odd bits of
work as came along.

  They were a cheery lot, indolent and
care-free, keenly alive to all forms of
amusement. Seldom was there a ball, a
horse-race, or a cock-fight upon the prairie
that could not boast of at least one rep-
resentative from Bois Berard.

  Following the cabins came the home of
Madame Alcide, a modest structure in com-
parison with that of Monsieur Bonnemai-
son, yet one far better suited to its en-
vironment. Dignified by age, weather-
beaten to a uniform silvery gray, its squat

       - ROMANCE
JEAN TROUVE

single story rambled into all sorts of un-
expected and out of the way corners. As
a house it had no definite design, nor in-
deed had such a thing been considered in
its leisurely, haphazard construction.

  In the days of Madame Alcide’s pros-
perity her husband had often found it
necessary to visit this portion of his hold-
ings. Accordingly he had built a rough
shelter to serve him when overtaken by
night. Finding good hunting at this par-
ticular spot, he had added to the original
hut that his friends might join him in the
sport.

  Later, when this edge of the forest had
been given his name, he had shown his ap-
preciation by adding still more, often com-
ing to the woods for weeks at a time.
Valued by Alcide Berard solely through
reasons of sentiment, this forest retreat had
proved to be a most welcome refuge to his
widow upon his death and the melting away
of his estate.

  Before the house stretched a broad,
ragged lawn, shaded by two huge live-oaks,
and a sprinkling of smaller trees. At the
back was a huddle of outbuildings, to-
gether with the prim, green rows of
Madame. Alcide’s kitchen garden. Inside,
the house was merely a succession of rooms
that opened upon the broad galleries flank-
ing the front and rear.

  Reaching away from the farther limits of
the yard was a pasture, its outer edge in-
dented by a sagging line of barbed-wire
fence. Inside the enclosure thus made
stood a two-roomed outhouse, to which had
been added a small lean-to. This outhouse,
though dilapidated and sadly in need of
whitewash, had about it an air of immacu-
late cleanliness, and to one of its pair of
doors was nailed a neatly printed sign
which read:

  CHARLES ARISTIDE POUSSARD.

DOCTEUR EN MEDECINE.

  Upon the door of the lean-to was a
second sign, its letters larger and more
straggly as became its humbler announce-
ment. This time was proclaimed:

  C. A. POUSSARD.

 MANUFACTURE OF MATTRESSES.

   As for the doctor himself, he was the sole
mystery amid the frank, simple life of Bois
Berard. Years before he had drifted in
from somewhere out in the world, small,

3*

brown, dingy, exactly as he had remained
ever since.

  Of his history nothing was known save
a word dropped here and there at the time
of his arrival. In France he had been a
surgeon in the army. Then there had been
some trouble, and he had resigned and come
to America.

  This was all, but at Bois Berard it was
well understood that, in the trouble, Doc-
tor Poussard had not been at fault. He
had shielded some one, a relative or friend.
Or perhaps the culprit had been married,
wmie the doctor was a bachelor with no
family to disgrace.

  This was the legend woven by the wood-
folk around Doctor Poussard’s few words,
and I, for one, accepted it without question.
So gravely courteous, so utterly honest was
the little doctor that one could not con-
ceive of his having ever committed a wrong.

  For the rest, the doctor eked out an
existence that was made possible solely
through the charity of his friends. Trust-
ing him absolutely as a companion, they
distrusted him wholly as a physician, send-
ing outside for medical advice in all ill-
nesses of a serious nature.

  Only for slight hurts and simple ail-
ments did they call him in, paying him in
money or supplies according to their pros-
perity. Also they occasionally bought one
of his mattresses—shapeless, lumpy affairs,
in the manufacture of which he seemed
never to improve.

  “Poussard’s is a hard case,” said the
wood-folk. “It is a miracle that he gets
on.”

  Chiefly responsible for this miracle was
Madame Alcide. From the very first she
had taken the little doctor under her pro-
tection. Always she was having him in to
meals, to Sunday dinners, to week-day
suppers, to little feasts born of the arrival
of some rare or unexpected delicacy.

  Also she assisted him financially, con-
sulting him about an invented disorder
which she termed vaguely, “my migraine,”
buying his mattresses and presenting them
in secret to the poor.

  But of far more value than these ma-
terial benefits was Madame Alcide’s atti-
tude toward the little doctor—the attitude
which brought into his barren, pitiful life
a sense of worth and usefulness. Let any
question of importance arise, and Madame
Alcide’s first act was to send for the doc-

ROMANCE
32	NEVJL' G.

tor. Next, having stated her case in full,
she would request his advice.

  Then would follow a period of silent re-
flection, after which the doctor would cry,
his face aglow with timid pride:

  “But, madame, there is nothing that I
can say. It is exactly as you yourself have
said. I have considered it from all sides,
and yours is the only way.”

  And Madame Alcide, exhibiting a truly
remarkable surprize, would exclaam:

  “But Poussard, you delight me. Even
though I am a woman, it would seem that
I am not wholly bereft of sense.”

  At other times she treated him with the
utmost bruskness, but this, she told me,
was done through stern necessity.

  “You see, like most unfortunates, Pous-
sard is very sensitive,” she explained.
“Once let him receive the impression of
patronage or of charity, and he would dis-
appear immediately. Then too he must
have faith in himself, and this can be ac-
complished in no other way.

  “To defer to him entirely would either
cause him to become suspicious or over-
sure of himself. To rebuff him continually
would crush him and drive him away. A
pat here, a slap there is the way to keep
him going.”

  And she added defensively:

  “But do not undervalue Poussard. I
tell you that he is one in a thousand. He
is never in the way, yet when you want
him, he is always there.”

  And for all this the little doctor repaid
his benefactress with a devotion which ap-
proached close to worship. Always he was
at her command, appearing instantly upon
her slightest need for him. Always he was
ready to advise her, to look after Achille,
to accompany her upon those occasions
when she traveled abroad in state. And
always he contrived an unobtrusiveness, a
self-effacement that made him a very prince
of attendants.

  "Beyond the doctor’s cabin the settlement
ended in a second row of cabins, the last
of which posed fitfully as a store. Here a
succession of ever failing proprietors sold
tobacco, fruit, prize-packages of cheap
candy, and the sticky red soda-pop that
was known as “Rouge.”

  It was significant that Monsieur Bonne-
maison’s emporium was called the store,
while this second, smaller place had no
fixed designation. At the time of my ar-

HENSHAW

rival it was known as Gilbeau’s, in honor
of the hardy soul who defied ruin through
its management.

  This then was Bois Berard, an oasis of
wood-folk who, turning their backs upon
the sunbaked prairie, had come gratefully
into the shade of the trees.

CHAPTER II

A START IN LIFE

IT WAS wonderful how easily I slipped
into the life of the woods. Following
the first weeks of strangeness, it was as if
I had lived always at Bois Berard.

  Established at Madame Alcide’s, I be-
gan by looking after such of her affairs as
were not beyond my rather limited powers.
I cared for Achille. I tended the garden. I
chopped wood and hauled it in from the
near-by forest.

  Also I spent many hours with rod and
gun, so that the table seldom lacked its
supply of fish and game. After the toil
of the marsh it was like a holiday, and al-
ways my love of the soil increased.

  I now found my chief delight in Madame
Alcide’s garden, and only when some in-
bound traveler passed with his purple
hoarding of seed-cane, did I lose my con-
tentment. Then I thought of those vast,
rustling acres beyond the prairie, so that
I returned to my kitchen stuff with a
mingled sense of longing and contempt.

  As for Toinette, she at last found her-
self in one of those long-envied homes of
the mainland. At first there had been
some talk of the convent, but even then
its Winter session was far advanced. Ac-
cordingly Toinette joined Madame Alcide
in the care of the house. As yet she lacked
her bright humor, her quaint fancy of
former days, nor did she soon regain them.
In their place came a quiet wistfulness to
mark the memory of her loss.

  Thus the weeks slipped by until, with
the approach of Summer, I suddenly found
myself at a standstill. The garden, fully
planted, showed not an alien leaf. The
care of Achille, formerly a dangerous ad-
venture, had now developed into a tiresome
routine. There was no game in the woods
and, after the plentitude of the coast, the
fishing became a bore.

All of a sudden I had nothing to do. I

**-ROMANCE _^
3

JEAN TROUVE

33

had enjoyed my rest, but few are the hol-
idays that can not last too long. 1 became
dull and discontented, and to the irk of
idleness was added one day the realization
that, whereas Madame Alcide was doing
everything for me, I was doing little for
her in return.

  The thought of this decided me. That
night during the interval between supper
and bed I spoke to Madame Alcide.

  “I can not go on like this, madame,” I
began. “I am used to work, and I have
nothing to do.”

  The old lady shot me a swift glance,
sharp yet kindly. In her keen, forceful
way she had already begun to show me an
affection that I was only too eager to re-
turn.

  “Nothing to do?” she echoed. “Let us
see. The garden is ready?”

  “As you know, madame.”

  “And Achille?”

  “Achille is nothing,” I retorted con-
temptuously. “I know him as well as I
know his story and the story of the other
Achille.”

  “He no longer stamps upon your foot oc-
casionally?” persisted Madame Alcide.

  “He never tries that now,” I answered.
f‘He knows it is no use.”

  Madame Alcide sighed resignedly.

  “Ah, you young folk,” she observed.
“You learn the secrets of everything. No
wonder you come to find the world empty.
When Achille hears my approach, he im-
mediately begins to stamp. As for Pous-
sard, let him hitch up, and he limps for a
week.

  “But I am glad to hear you speak this
way, Jean,” she continued, returning to the
discussion. “It is not right that one of your
age should be content with the garden and
Achille. Had you gone on, I would have
been disappointed in you. The time has
come when you must make a start in life,
and it is necessary that you be careful of
your choice. You have thought of what
you would like to do?”

  “Ah, yes, madame,” I answered prompt-
ly. “I wish to plant cane. I have always
wished it. I will do anything, so that I
come to it some day.”

  Madame Alcide considered this, staring
at me intently the while. Although she
had never so much as hinted at my past,
her reply showed that she had entered upon
a new train of thought.

  “So, Jean,” said she. “You aim high
for one from the marsh. It is something to
be a cane-planter. To a certain extent I
might help you, since Achille can still draw
a plow and I have many acres upon the
prairie. But there are other things—the

implements, the seed-cane-”

  She broke off impatiently. With Mad-
ame Alcide half-way was no way at all.

  '“That is what I am thinking of, mad-
ame,” said I. “If I begin now to work
hard and save carefully, I will in time have
money for those other things. Then I will
plant my cane, using your land and sharing
with you such luck as we may have.”

  “That is fine, Jean,” put in Toinette,
who all this time had been listening care-
fully. “And if your luck is very good, you
may some day have a mill in which to grind
the cane.”

  Madame Alcide, although not so san-
guine, appeared quite satisfied with this
proposal.

  “Bien, Jean,” said she. “It is agreed.
You do your part, and you may count upon
me to do mine. But first of all you must
find work. You have decided what you
will do?”

  “I can trap, I can hunt,” I began.

  The old lady made a gesture of dissent.
“You are through with all that,” she in-
terrupted. “Go back to your skins, and
in less than a year you will be a savage.
No, Jean, you have chosen your goal, and
from now on you must march toward it,
not away from it.

  “There are many things you must know
before ever you put plow to earth, and you
can not learn them in marsh or forest. If
you would plant cane, your place is on the
mainland where the cane is planted.”

  This was good advice, and it was some-
thing more—something that had been wo-
fully lacking upon the marsh. For the first
time in many months I harkened to the
voice of ambition.

  “Yes, madame,” said I humbly. “You
are right. My place is here, and I would
like to stay. But what can I do?”

  At this Madame Alcide smiled in benevo-
lent appreciation. Now that I had become
a petitioner, she was all indulgence.

  “That is my affair, Jean,” she replied.
“While you have been thinking and plan-
ning, I have looked about me. Thus I
found that your best chance is with Bonne-
maison. He is getting old, and each month

ROMANCE
34	N E V I L G.

his business increases. Also, in all the
years he has been here he has never had a
clerk—only some one to come in and help
in time of necessity. Here is your oppor-
tunity and, as it happens, it should fit in
very well with your ambition.

  “At the store you will meet men of all
kinds—planters, farmers, raisers of cattle
and of horses. Talk to them, remember
their words and, when you come to put in
your own crop, you will have a store of
knowledge that you could have gained in
no other manner.”

   She paused, while I fairly shouted aloud
in my enthusiasm.

  “Madame, madame,” I cried. “It is the
very thing. And you will let me stay on
here with you?”

  A soft, fond look shadowed for a moment
the keenness of the old lady’s eyes.

  “Yes, Jean,” she answered. “I had
thought of that also. This Fall Toinette
goes to the good sisters at St. Pierre. With
both of you away, I should have felt very
much alone.”

   And she added bruskly, as if to counter-
act this show of emotion:

  “So that is settled, and now we will go
to bed. In the morning I will arrange with
Bonnemaison.”

  That night I enjoyed the luxury of Mad-
ame Alcide’s sheets with a mind free from
care. Never before had I known the
strong, unerring force of such a guiding
hand. Not only had a place been found
for me. There had been something about
Madame Alcide’s attitude which suggested
that, having made me worthy of the place,
she would march with me shoulder to
shoulder toward my far-distant goal.

  “Wait, my friend,” she had seemed to
say. “I am not half-done with you.”

  The thought of this brought me a sense
of security unknown since the days of the
rue Bourbon. Somehow I felt that my
drifting was over, that at last I had found
a true haven amid the cool green reaches
of Bois Berard.

CHAPTER III

MONSIEUR BONNEMAISON

TRUE to her promise, Madame Alcide
lost no time in interviewing Monsieur
Bonnemaison. Only waiting until break-

HENSHAW

fast was over the following morning, she
donned her sunbonnet and set out for the
store. When she returned half an hour
later, Toinette and I had already cooled our
impatience for a good fifteen minutes out-
side the front gate. However, once she
was in sight, it needed but a glance at her
approaching figure to convince us of her
success.

   “It is all right, Jean,” declared Toinette.
“You can see from the way she walks.
Had Tante Aurore failed, she would have
come charging back as if she were going
into a fight instead of leaving one.”

  “And see how calm she is,” I added.
“That is the best sign. Madame is only at
peace when she has won.”

  So we waited, wholly confident, until
Madame Alcide arrived and, with a brisk,
shooing movement of her hands, urged us
before her through the gate.

  “In with you,” she ordered in a sharp
whisper that was wholly wasted upon the
sunlit emptiness of the roadway.

  And she added in explanation as she
hurried us up the walk:

  “What, would you undo all that I have
accomplished? Here I have been convinc-
ing Bonnemaison of the greatness of my
favor in furnishing him with an assistant,
while you hang about as if you only
awaited a word from him to jump down
his throat.”

  But Madame Alcide was too well satis-
fied with her efforts to prolong this show
of ill-humor. Upon reaching the gallery,
she at once proceeded to relieve our curi-
osity. „

  “Yes,” she began, “everything is ar-
ranged, but it was no easy task, I can tell
you. He is a sharp one, that Bonnemaison,
or at least he thinks he is, which is the
same thing. You see, he has run for so
long in a rut that the mere mention of a
change would have thrown him into a
panic. Had I said to him, ‘I have come
to request that you employ my Jean as a
clerk,’ he would have been scared out of his
wits.

  “Therefore I began with the weather,
saying that it was warm and asking if it
was not hard for one of his age and weight
to get about. It was hard, he agreed, but
what could he do?

  “When I suggested a helper, he threw
up his hands. That was harder still, he
declared. Alone, he at least had the time
JEAN TROUVE

35

between customers. With an assistant,
this time was spent in useless instruction.
He had neither the desire nor the patience
to instruct a fool.

  “By now I had made my purchases and
was ready to go. Also I had opened the
way for my attack.

  “It was too bad, I said. Nevertheless,
could he find some one who was not a fool,
his task would be easy enough. There was
my Jean, for example. With him one les-
son would be enough.

  “That might be so, he admitted. Jean
seemed quick enough. Perhaps some
day-

  “But I did not let him finish. It was
impossible, I declared. There was so much
to do about the place, and I counted on
Jean both for fish and game. I could not
spare him for a day.

  “At this Bonnemaison began to argue.
But I could try it, he insisted. Jean was
almost a man. It was time he made a start
at something beside working about my
place. Things must be slow now anyway,
and the hunting was over.

  “After this I had only to refuse until
Bonnemaison ceased his argument for the
wheedling tone with which he coaxes an
obstinate customer. I must give Jean a
trial, he urged. It was my duty. How
else would the boy have his chance?

  “Thus, when finally I gave in, it was
with the understanding that I had con-
ferred upon Bonnemaison a very great
favor.”

  Pausing for breath, Madame Alcide per-
mitted herself one of her rare smiles. Al-
though possessed of a keen sense of humor,
it was of the sort that seldom expressed
itself by means of any outward sign.

  “So that is the way of the world,” she
finished, pointing the moral to her recital.
“Refuse what you wish, and in the end it
will be forced upon you. Only, of course,
one must go about the matter with the
utmost delicacy.”

  “It is like trapping,” supplemented
Toinette. “To be sure of a right catch, one
must use the right bait and must hide it
well.”

  Madame Alcide nodded sagely.

  “Exactly,” she agreed. “The bait is
everything.

  “But see that you do not disturb my
trap, Jean,” she went on, speaking directly
to me. “As yet it is only half-sprung.

Bonnemaison has not accepted you as his
clerk. He means only to give you a trial.
If you do well and he is satisfied, he will
keep you on. Then people will speak of you
as the clerk until it comes to Bonnemaison’s
ears.

  “At first he will be indignant. He will
deny the whole affair. Later, when he finds
it is no use, he will settle the matter with
himself.

  “ ‘Well, and what if I have a clerk?’ he
will say. ‘Is it not my right, as'it is the
right of every storekeeper? Bien, if Jean
is my clerk, he is my clerk, and there is
an end of it.’

   “After this you will be as much a fixture
as the store itself.”

  Thus Madame Alcide arranged the mat-
ter, and next morning I presented myself
at the store at opening time. Here I was
received by Monsieur Bonnemaison whom,
through the magic of having become my
employer, I viewed with far different eyes
than those of the months before. For,
judging him solely by his personal appear-
ance, I had always considered the store-
keeper with a species of mild contempt.

  He was a small, stout man, and his
stoutness was of such a round, puffy sort
that he resembled nothing so much as a
huge animated ball. Indeed, in moments of
excitement Monsieur Bonnemaison seemed
fairly to bounce along, although at ordinary
times he proceeded by means of a sedate
waddle.

  His head like his body was smooth and
round, beginning with a perfectly bald
crown and ending in a fat pink chin, like
that of a baby. Between crown and chin
appeared a small pair of pensive blue eyes,
a button-like nose and a mouth that was
forever set in an amiable smile. Whatever
his mood, Monsieur Bonnemaison never
lost that smile.

  Through long practise it had become as
much a part of him as the lips that ex-
pressed it. His eyes might betray impa-
tience, anger, even despair, but one had
only to glance below them to be reassured
of his amiability. Thus, to the country at
large the storekeeper was ever more or less
of a puzzle.

  “He is a queer one, that Bonnemaison,”
said the wood-folk. “You never know
which part of his face to believe.”

  Summed up in a word, Monsieur Bonne-
maison was bland but, as I came to learn,

ROMANCE	I
j6	NEVIL G.

his blandness was of a sort peculiar to him-
self. Outwardly he might appear a mild,
contemplative cherub. Inwardly he was
as inscrutable as a Chinese god.

  “Well, Jean,” he greeted me. “And so
you have come to help? Bicn, you can
begin by taking down the shutters'. In no
other way could you be of more assistance
to one of my age.”

  This accomplished, he led the way in-
doors, where for a busy ten minutes he
waddled up and down the two long counters
that lined the store upon either side, point-
ing out the different articles and firing their
prices at me with the rapidity and precision
of a machine-gun.

  “But, m’sieu,” I protested, when finally
his breath gave out. “It is too much to
learn all at once. I could not keep half of
it in my head.”

  Above his smile Monsieur Bonnemaison
evidenced a mild surprize.

  “But it is not to be kept in one’s head,”
he explained. “I could not do it myself.
It comes when you need it, and the next
moment it is gone. You understand? It
is not that you must know the exact price
of each unmarked article. It is that you
must be able to feel what it is worth.”

  Even to one as ignorant of the ways of
trade as myself, this reply was startling.
However, I held my peace, and answered
with a polite, “Yes, m’sieu

  Throughout her coaching of the night
before Madame Alcide had laid particular
stress upon the fact that in all matters per-
taining to his business the storekeeper was
wholly impervious to argument.

  Having made the round of the store,
Monsieur Bonnemaison went out to the
porch, where he promptly lowered himself
into the broad, cane-seated chair which in
warm weather he was wont to occupy dur-
ing his moments of leisure. Here he sat,
smiling and staring out over the road, while
I watched him from the doorway in an
ever increasing agony of helplessness.

  “And what must I do now, m’sieu?” I
finally burst out, when I could stand it n»
longer.

  Again Monsieur Bonnemaison’s eyes ex-
pressed a species of quiet astonishment.

  “Why, wait upon the customers, of
course,” he replied and returned to his
smiling and staring.

  Utterly demoralized, I stumbled back in-
side, where I wandered aimlessly from one

HENSHAW

counter to another. All along I had
thought Monsieur Bonnemaison peculiar.
Now it appeared that he was undeniably
mad. And here I was expected to look
after the madman’s customers.

  Having never made a sale in my life, I
was further handicapped by my complete
ignorance of the prices and disposition of
the stock in trade. I could only wait in
impotent despair for the customers to come
along.

  When, however, the customers made
their appearance, my difficulties vanished
in a wholly unexpected manner. At that
early hour the demand was solely for sup-
plies, for flour and sugar and coffee, com-
modities of which I knew the prices by
heart. To my delight I found that, having
unearthed the stock of groceries, I had only
to weigh out, to wrap up, to hand over my
ill-bound packages and receive the money
in exchange for them. As for salesmanship,
I discovered that it played no part in the
disposal of these simple necessities.

  “No, Jean,” Monsieur Bonnemaison ob-
served afterward. “If your supplies are
good, they will sell therriselves. Why
waste your breath upon a bag of flour,
when all the time its praises are being sung
by the voice of hunger?”

  Thus the first few hours passed success-
fully enough, although I was continually
obsessed by the thought of what must oc-
cur when finally a customer demanded mer-
chandise. But even here my fears were
groundless, for when in due course this
dreaded eventuality arrived, the problem
was solved by Monsieur Bonnemaison him-
self. Escorting his customer inside, the
storekeeper conducted the “sale, while I,
following his directions, took down and dis-
played the goods.

  Throughout the morning this same pro-
cedure was observed, though never once did
Monsieur Bonnemaison inquire the wants
of his patrons. Rather he seemed always to
know them beforehand, rising promptly as
this one came into view, allowing that one
to pass inside with only a nod and a word
of greeting.

  When at noon I hurried off to my dinner,
I had decided that my employer was not
quite so mad as I had thought him to be.
Indeed, I could now find a certain method
in his procedure.

  All this I confided to Madame Alcide.
who followed my recital with an air of

       - ROMANCE
JEAN TROUVE

amused yet sympathetic understanding.
Evidently she had been prepared for these
peculiarities upon the part of my employer.

  “That is all right, Jean,” said she. “Stick
it out and you will see. Bonnemaison is
far from being a madman.”

  The afternoon proved a repetition of the
morning. Often 1 made mistakes, but I
gained a knowledge of the stock of which
I felt that I had some right to be proud.
Having put up the shutters, I lingered
about in hopes that my employer would
comment on my progress. But Monsieur
Bonnemaison appeared thoroughly unap-
preciative.

  With the closing of the store he retired
to the small railed-off space in the rear
which did duty as an office. Here, having
warned me to be on time the following
morning, he promptly lost himself in the
engrossing occupation of counting the day’s
receipts.

  Throughout the week that followed
Monsieur Bonnemaison maintained this
pervefse silence. I worked hard, learning
the stock, and mastering quite a respectable
number of prices. Yet for all my pains I
received not so much as a single word of
commendation.

  True, upon all other subjects my em- ..
ployer was affability itself. In our leisure
moments he discussed an endless variety of
topics. Yet once let me lead up to the
question of my progress, and he would at
once discover some matter that demanded
his immediate attention.

  In the end I became thoroughly exas-
perated. Through my life on the marsh I
had become used to a system of frank criti-
cism or approval. I arrived at a state
where it would have been a relief had the
storekeeper condemned my efforts and sent
me away.

  And then, when, having closed up the
seventh night, I was about to hurry off,
Monsieur Bonnemaison called me back into
his little office. From his pocket he took
five silver dollars, clinking them suggest-
ively as he passed them out to me across
the railing.

  “Your wages, Jean,” said he. “They are
not bad for the woods, even though I who
am paying them say it.”

  He paused, and after I had waited to
make sure that nothing else was forthcom-
ing, I mumbled my thanks in a voice dull
with disappointment.

  “Well?” he questioned, answering my
tone. “And is it not enough?”

  “Ah, yes, m’sieu,” I answered.

“Only-”

  I broke off, while his smile expanded in
a chuckle of amusement.

  “Only you would like a little word of
praise, eh?” he finished for me. “Well,
you shall have it, for you have most cer-
tainly earned it. You have done well,
Jean, so well that, having put you to a test,
I have gone to the trouble of continuing it.
You are honest, you are industrious, you
are pleasant, you learn fast.

  “But all these are as nothing compared
to the great essential of patience. That
you have it I am assured, and for it you
must thank the training of the marsh.
There, as you know well, rash haste spells
either ill luck or disaster.

  “That first day you amazed me. It
seemed incredible that you should await
the customers without complaint or ques-
tion. Afterward I kept on, letting you
learn for yourself. It is a good way, Jean.
The lessons are never forgotten.

  “Take, for example, the matter of the
prices. You laughed to yourself when I
said that one did not keep them in one’s
head, that they came and went. Now you
see that I was right. So continue your
patience, Jean, and trust me to know what
is best. In that way we will get on to-
gether.”

  He fell silent, and on the instant he be-
came the bland, inscrutable Monsieur
Bonnemaison of a while before.

  “And so good night,” he ended abruptly.
“I must finish and go home.”

  After this there was never between Mon-
sieur Bonnemaison and myself so much as
a shadow of misunderstanding. True, he
continued peculiar and secretive, hiding
eternally behind his smile, but never again
did I find him lacking in appreciation.

  Thus, when in the second week a trapper-
friend stopped by for a pack of tobacco
and at my solicitation laid in his whole
stock of supplies, Monsieur Bonnemaison
was not only prompt with his praise but
he even hinted at future advancement.

  “That is good, Jean,” said he. “Always
has that one bought his stores at the bridge.
You are beginning a new trade which, if
continued, will put money into your pocket
as well as mine.”

  By the end of the month all had fallen

       ^ ROMANCE
38	NEVIL G. HENSHAW

out as Madame Alcide had predicted, even
to Monsieur Bonnemaison’s acceptance of
my title of clerk. He came to it slowly,
with a vast deal of muttered argument, to
which I, for one, paid little heed. This, I
knew, was the storekeeper’s way. Always
he obscured with outward pettiness the
inner shrewdness that had won his success.

CHAPTER IV

THE CONVENT

NOW that I had found regular employ-
ment, the time passed quickly enough
at Bois Berard. Almost before I realized
it, the Summer was gone.

  One month we were in the midst of hot
weather—fierce, blazing weather—in which
the wood-folk drowsed away the long,
bright hours beneath the leafy canopy of
the forest; in which the very birds sought
cover during the midday glare; in which
travelers, inbound, gulped the shade in
long, thankful gasps, their eyes all strained
and blood-shot from the gauzy, dancing
heat-waves of the prairie. The next, Fall
had arrived—the brief, busy Fall of the
mainland.

  Now, as upon the marsh, there came
from all sides a vast and incessant stir of
endeavor. In the woods the furred crea-
tures scurried furtively about, strengthen-
ing their defenses of food and lair against
the onslaught of Winter. Above them the
birds flitted unceasingly, shrilling their in-
dignation against the first of the invading
hoards of wax-wings and robins.

  At the settlement the wood-folk bestirred
themselves as from a long sleep, sharpening
their axes, reaching down their moss-hooks,
slipping away upon the various ventures
that would see them through cold weather.

  And beyond, in the wide, fertile stretch
that rimmed the prairie, the very loafers
rose unbidden to face three months of
feverish labor. For the cane was ripe, the
mills stood ready and throughout the land
had rung the magic call to grinding.

  At the store we were busy enough our-
selves in outfitting this new-born industry.
Often we worked late in the uncertain light
of the swinging lamps, so that I would re-
turn home utterly weary through the end-
less handing out of goods and supplies.
Then, one night when I sat down to a be-

lated supper, there came an event which I
had all but forgotten in the rush of the

season.

  “You will need a day off next week,”
said Madame Alcide in the brusk tone with
which she always heralded an unpleasant
announcement. “You had best warn Bon-
nemaison in the morning.”

  “But why, madame?” I questioned,
puzzled by the request at such a time.

  Madame Alcide answered with a name.

   “Toinette,” said she shortly.

  “It is the convent, Jean,” explained
Toinette herself. “It opens on Tuesday. Of
course you will wish to drive us in, and so
see the last of me?”

   “Of course,” I replied, and after that my
supper went untasted. •

  Toinette going away! Now that I
viewed it squarely, the idea seemed pre-
posterous. Why, I had come to the woods
for the sole purpose of being with Toinette.
And here she was going on Tuesday, to be
gone at best until the following Summer.

  Of course I had known that she was to
go, but it had all been vague; something
that I had thought of as existing in the far-
distant future. And now it had occurred,
swiftly, almost unexpectedly, like some sud-
den disaster.

  “Toinette!” I cried aghast. “You must
not go. I can not get on without you.”

  “Ah, yes but you can,” she teased. “In
less than a week you will have forgotten me
entirely.”

  Then, realizing the genuineness of my
dismay, she changed at once, hurrying
around the table to comfort me.

  “Come, Jean,” she soothed. “It will be
all right. At the camp, perhaps, it would
have been hard. Here you will find it very
different.”

  Afterward I thought often of Toinette’s
words, for through them she caused me for
the first time to consider the change in our
relationship. Now I realized that it was
not with us as it had been upon the marsh.
There the tie had been absolute. We had
been partners, sharing each deed, each
thought, each word in our struggle against
the wild. Between us there had been no
special distinction. Our tasks had been
performed by one or the other according
to the necessity of the moment.

  At Bois Berard all this had been
changed from the first day of our arrival.
With Madame Alcide marriage was the one

d - -	ROMANCE
JEAN TROUVE

possible partnership between the sexes.
Thus Toinette and I now shared only our
hours of leisure, hours which, through my
work at the store, had come to mean meal-
times and the brief space between supper
and bed.

  That this was as it should be I fully ap-
preciated, yet whenever I considered my
present attitude toward Toinette, it seemed
somehow to savor of neglect.

  Accordingly I did my best to make it up
to her in the time before her departure, pay-
ing her countless small attentions, bringing
her the choice of Monsieur Bonnemaison’s
stock of trinkets and fancy articles of dress.
All this Toinette accepted with a delight
which caused me to redouble my efforts.

  “But it is too much, Jean,” she would
protest. “I shall be so spoiled that the
good sisters will refuse to take me.”

  Madame Alcide, vastly occupied in pre-
paring Toinette’s simple wardrobe, viewed
my efforts with an air of amused under-
standing.

  “It was really funny, Jean,” she said to
me long afterward. “No, you were not
stupid. That is the way with you men.
It is only when you wholly misunderstand
such things that you imagine you know
everything about them.”

  In the matter of the day off I found
Monsieur Bonnemaison all complaisance.
Of course I must go. Also I must use his
horse, an animal renowned for its gentle-
ness and speed.

  But here Madame Alcide interposed an
objection. It was a family affair, she de-
clared, and it must be carried out in proper
fashion. She would as soon think of leav-
ing Poussard behind as to refuse the ser-
vices of her faithful Achille.

  Accordingly early Tuesday morning, the
four of us set out behind the old horse and
plodded interminably across the prairie,
until late in the forenoon we arrived at St.
Pierre. Here we drove at once to the con-
vent, a tall, square, many-pillared build-
ing, set snugly amid a grove of live oaks
upon the far bank of the bayou that bor-
dered the town.

   And here we left Toinette with the sisters
of Mount Carmel, who at once shut her in
behind the barrier of their spreading, stiffly
starched head-dresses, as if in immediate
evidence of their determination to shield
her henceforth from the profanations of the
world.

- ROM

  The parting was brief, so brief in fact
upon the part of Madame Alcide and my-
self as to suggest a grave doubt of self-
control.

  “Good-by, Toinette,” I gulped, my mind
a chaos of the things that I had planned to
say upon the drive, and had until then
wholly forgotten.

  “Be patient,” muttered Madame Alcide,
as she stooped for her farewell kiss. “It is
the best way.”

  “Adieu, mademoiselle,” said Doctor
Poussard with his best military bow.

  And Toinette, smiling bravely despite
her brimming eyes, could only keep re-
peating, “Good-by, Jean; good-by, Tante
Aurore; good-by, M’sieu le Docleur,” until'
we had passed out of the dim formality of
the convent parlor and the heavy front
door had swung to behind us.

  Afterward we crossed back to the town
where, having made Achille comfortable at
a livery-stable, Madame Alcide departed
upon a shopping-expedition, leaving the
doctor and I to wander miserably about the
streets, until such time as our ancient steed
was fit to travel again.

  We returned almost in silence and en-
tered a house that for me was sadly remin-
iscent of my last visit to the hut at Bayou
Portage. Toinette had spoken truly then,
I told myself. For a time, at least, Mad-
ame Alcide’s comfortable home would be
no more to me than a box of boards.

  If I brooded upon this during supper, I
was not long allowed the luxury of my self-
pity. Once the meal was over and the
dishes cleared away, Madame Alcide pro-
duced from among her various purchases
a square, heavy package done up in thick
paper. I had noticed this package lying
with the rest in the back of the surrey and
had speculated mildly upon its probable
contents.

  Now, on its being opened, I found that it
contained a half-dozen books. They were
fat, scholarly books, very sober and busi-
ness-like, and they seemed perfectly to
express Madame Alcide’s attitude as she
spread them out before me.

  “For you,” she explained. “Or rather
for us, since you are to read from them
each night after supper.”

  “Yes, madame,” said I, thinking that I
understood. “Then it will not be so hard
for us about Toinette.”

  The old lady’s look became grim.
40

NEVIL G. HENS HAW

   “On the contrary,” she returned. “Then,
perhaps, it will not be so hard for Toinette
about ourselves.”

   She paused for a moment, as if to give
weight to her words, and then went on:
“You see; Jean, it is this way. Each day
now Toinette will go forward while we
stand still. Once she has made her start,
she will go fast, and we, with our duties,
can not hope to keep up with her. There-
fore we can only try by means of these
books to limp along as best we can.

   “Perhaps this may appear as nonsense
to you now, but later on you will see that I
am right. At all events I mean to keep my
ears open to what you read. I would not
like to have Toinette come back and find
her old aunt behind her in every way.”

   So spoke Madame Alcide and, be it said
to my credit, that I was able at once to
understand. For of the books one dealt
with agriculture in general and another
with the growing of cane in particular, sub-
jects as far removed from the curriculum of
the good sisters as they were from the ne-
cessities of Madame Alcide herself.

   And with understanding came apprecia-
tion, not only of all that Madame Alcide
meant to do for me, but of the exquisite
tact and kindliness with which she had set
forth her plans.

  “Madame," I muttered at a loss for
words. “You are too good to me.”

   The old lady nodded approvingly. As a
virtue, quickness of perception ranked high
in her esteem.

   “Bwn, Jean. That is all right,” said
she. “Did you not begin by teaching
Toinette? The score is far from being
settled, I assure you. Tomorrow we will
start.”

   After this I read aloud each night, while
Madame Alcide sewed and listened and
shot me brief comments during the pauses.
At first it was hard after the long round at
the store, but later, as my interest in-
creased, it became for me the most pleasant
hour of the day.

   Also I learned, picking up many bits of
agriculture, of history, of mythology, each
of them spiced with the brisk yet mellow
knowledge of Madame Alcide’s long and
busy life. She had wisdom as well as
knowledge, had Madame Alcide, and many
of her comments remain with me, although
the lessons that inspired them have been
long forgotten.

  In particular I remember her words in
the pause that followed the death of my
beloved hero, M’sieu L’Empereur Na-
poleon.

  “A great man, Jean,” she observed. “Yet
I can not help but think that your way is
best. Is it not finer to bring live things
out of the ground than to put dead men
into it?”

  So the Winter passed with its work, its
saving, its efforts, upon the part of Madame
Alcide, to continue my neglected education.
Christmas brought disappointment for, at
the approach of the feast, Madame Alcide
announced that Toinette would not return.

  It would be a break, and breaks were
disastrous, she declared. Toinette had
much to learn that only the unbroken
round of daily habit could teach.

  Thus I spent rather a lonely day, which
began with mass at Pere Parmentier’s little
prairie church and ended in my returning
at dusk from a long hunt upon the near-by
marsh.

   Then came the Spring, a wondrous, fairy-
like Spring, far removed from the drab
rebirth of the marsh—a Spring of myriad
tender leaves, alight and quivering against
the wind-swept scatter of the sunshine.

  And then, even as I marveled at the
glory of the woods, Summer arrived, bring-
ing Toinette’s return.

CHAPTER V

TOINETTE COMES HOME

HAVING learned that Toinette would
finish her term upon a Wednesday
early in June, Madame Alcide departed the
Monday before. She intended to visit cer-
tain relatives in St. Pierre, and she was
further determined to miss no single detail
of the convent's closing-exercises.

  “Of course it will be the usual thing,”
said she. “They will recite and pound
upon the piano. But that is not the point.
Toinette will play her part, and in playing
it will show me what she has accomplished.
I will know perfectly well how far she has
gone before I am back again.”

  Accordingly Madame Alcide departed
alone behind Achille, leaving me to three
days of desolation in her empty house.
True, I did not lack entirely for company,
JEAN T,R OUVE

as Doctor Poussard came over for a brief
visit each night.

  Whether this was due to the request of
Madame Alcide or to the promptings of
his own kindly nature I do not know, but
from the first the little doctor gave evi-
dence that he would prove anything but a
cheerful companion.

  Usually silent, his reticence was of the
sort that needed but a friendly word to
bring forth the true quality of his amiabil-
ity. Just now, however, he preserved a
puzzled muteness that was touched with a
faint hint of injury.

  To one less observant than myself the
cause of this would have been plain, even
had he denied himself the comfort of an
occasional fragment of speech.

  “A convent now, Jean,” he observed the
first night. “Naturally it is no place for
men.”

  Later he muttered:

  “Just the same ‘St. Pierre’ is not all con-
vent. It is also a town, as every one knows
quite well.”

  And in leaving, he said wholly to him-
self, his eyes turned toward the empty
stable—

  “I could at least have looked after
Achille.”

  Poor Doctor Poussard! He understood,
perhaps, but he could not reconcile himself
to the situation. The convent might be
wholly a feminine affair, yet it established
a most unwelcome precedent. It was not
easy for him to look into the future.

  Thus it was with a very dejected doctor
that I set out along the wood-road upon the
afternoon of Toinette’s return. Knowing
the ways of Achille, I had delayed our de-
parture until sunset. Yet even then we had
waited long, and twilight had set in before
we caught the surrey’s dark bulk against
the dim, misty reach of the prairie.

  “You are there, Jean?” called Madame
Alcide as we hurried forward.

  “At your service, madame,” cried the
doctor, before I could even attempt an
answer.

  “Poussard, I have missed you,” came
back the reply. “Next time, convent or no
convent, you will go along.”

  Through the dusk I could see the relief
in the little doctor’s face. Then I was
abreast of the surrey, and a slender, vibrant
figure had sprung down into my waiting
arms.

  “Jean, Jean,” cried Toinette, clutching
me in a way that brought back the bear-
hug of Papa Ton. “It is so good to see
you, to be home again. It did not seem so
long while I was away, but now I know
that it was a hundred years.”

  If in the days of waiting I had harbored
uncertain, half-formed doubts as to this
meeting, they were set at rest by thfe first
touch of Toinette’s reaching hands. There
had been no change, I told myself. She
was the same Toinette of the year before.

  Later, as we went along in the back of
the surrey, I decided that there had been a
change—a change for the better. This
eager, chattering Toinette was not the
Toinette of Bois Berard. Rather she
was the old Toinette of the marsh, the
bright, elusive Toinette who had vanished
that cruel night at Bayou Portage.

  If I slammed Monsieur Bonnpmaison’s
shutters in closing up a while later, it was
only through the sheer exultation of my
thoughts. If, after the last bolt was shot,
I raced all the way to Madame Alcide’s, it
was only because I lacked a swifter means
of progress. And then, when I had thrown
open the door and come into the lamplight,
I found still another Toinette—a Toinette
of whom I could guess little save that she
was different.

  That she was taller, that her dress had
been lengthened, that she had done some-
thing to her hair which caused her to ap-
pear no longer a small girl, I saw at a
glance. All this had been denied me by the
dusk, yet, in a way, I had expected it.

  It was some inner, deeper change, sensed
rather than seen, that checked my rising
spirits with a touch of slow bewilderment.
Dimly I realized that the vivid creature of
a while before had been born solely of the
excitement of our meeting.

  Later, when Toinette had left the room
upon some errand, Madame Alcide ex-
plained it all in a few crisp sentences.

  “You see, Jean?” said she. “She is not
sure yet. She is finding her way. But I
have seen the exercises, and I know that it
is all right. Next year it will be different.”

  That was it, I told myself, and from the
moment I ceased my puzzling. For, after
all, Toinette was Toinette, which was
enough for any one. Besides, if she was
not sure of herself, how could I possibly
hope to understand her?

  “Ah, Jean!” she would cry, when speak-

ROMANCE
I

41	NEV1L G.

ing of the convent. “There is so much to
do, so much to learn. Sometimes I think
that I had best been left with the other
wild creatures of the marsh. But it is not
that I am unwilling to do my part. I
would like to learn it all.”

  In proof of this she insisted upon a con-
tinuance of the nightly reading which we
had determined to abandon during hot
weather. She must have her share of our
own particular learning, she declared. Also
it would be like old times to have me teach
her. As a consequence I kept on with my
books, while Madame Alcide, frankly sur-
rendering to the heat of the lamp, dozed
upon the gallery, in the fond belief that she
was listening through the opened window.

  Then, the reading over, we would slip
past the old lady to stroll about in the cool
of the starlight, talking of the days at
Bayou Portage.

  Yet, for all the gossip about the store, I
could give Toinette little news of the camp.
Le Bossu had spoken truly in his farewell,
and thus far I had seen nothing of our
friends upon the marsh.

  True, Toinette and I had planned to
visit them, but this proved impossible. In
Summer the camp was abandoned. With
cool weather came the convent, my busy
season at the store.

  Of Le Bossu himself I had heard from
time to time, since the little man was well
known upon the mainland. Through the
past season he had trapped and hunted
along the Vermilion. Now he was upon
the bay, from where he had sent a message
that we would see him before he went back
to his traps again.

  And so, upon a long-remembered morn-
ing in mid-Summer, the little man made
good his promise, coming to the woods for
a whole day. It was a Sunday, chosen in
view of my duties, and from noon until
sunset Toinette and I plied our visitor with
questions about the marsh.

  He had seen them all, had Le Bossu.
He had even put in at the camp, deserted
now by all save old Pierre. The Lasalles
were on the mainland. Young Pierre was
busy with the fishing. The partners, me-
thodical as usual, were established for the
Summer at Anse Le Vert. All had sent us
words of greeting. All had rejoiced at our
good fortune.

  “They are proud of you two,” declared
Le Bossu. “ ‘What, Jean with Bonne-

HENSHAW

maison, and Toinette at the convent?’ they
said to me. ‘That speaks well for Bayou
Portage.’ ”

  In return we told the little man of our-
selves, eager for his never failing sympathy
and understanding. Toinette’s fears he
dismissed with a snap of his fingers.

  “It will go like that—this uncertainty,”
he declared. “It is all right now, my little
Toinette, only you do not know it. It is
not fear to realize the difficulties of an un-
dertaking. It is good sense, and with that
all things are possible.”

  Of my own success he seemed equally as-
sured, speaking to me quite frankly of his
hopes, once we were alone together.

  “It is what I expected, Jean,” said he.
“The cane is in your blood, and only when
you have grown it and seen it go into the
mill will you be satisfied. Not a little crop, *
but the great one that is your due.

  “Your work at the store, your few acres
upon the prairie, they are but little things
leading up to a big one. Only on the hill-
top out there will you find what you are
after.”

  “For once you are wrong, Bossu,” I de-
clared. “What I told you that night on the
marsh I meant and will always mean.”

  The little man smiled cryptically.

  “Bien,” he returned. “We shall see.”

  It was only when he was upon his way
and Toinette and I were bidding him fare-
well at the rim of the prairie that Le Bossu
spoke of Papa Ton.

  “You thought that I had forgotten him?”
he questioned. “Ah no, for he has been
with us all day. And that was best. Had
we spoken of him, we would have been sad,
and he hated sadness. We have been
happy in the thought of him.

  “And one thing more. This season I
will again be on the Vermilion, and with
warm weather I have planned to go back
to the swamps, my old home. Perhaps I
will not see you for long, and I would say
a word before I leave.

  “You are going up, you two, far, far up
beyond any hope Papa Ton may have had
of you. Thus you may look back to him
some day and see only a rough old man,
as careless in ways as in speech. Should you
do this, say to yourselves: ‘That is not
Papa Ton. It is Papa Ton as he would be
now, perhaps, but not as he was.’ Always
remember this. It is what he was that
counts.”
JEAN T

  Our protestations he dismissed with a
smile.

  “That is all right,” said he. “I know
how you feel, but you are young, and some-
times we are tricked by our thoughts. For
the rest, just think of Papa Ton as being
on the marsh. He is there, I tell you, just
as much now as before.”

  Then he bade us good-by and departed,
nor did I see him again for many a day.
His stay in the swamps was a long one and
upon his return it was my misfortune to
miss him on his infrequent journeys across
the prairie.

  Yet the memory of his visit remained
and, as we returned in the gray and gold of
the afterglow, Toinette spoke to me of the
simple peace that the little man’s words
had brought her.

  “It was good to see Bossu,” said she.
“It was good to hear him. And best of all
was what he said at parting. Always be-
fore, when I thought of Papa Ton, there
was a hurt—a hurt so great that I could
not speak of him.

  “Now the hurt is gone. Bossu was right.
Papa Ton is still on the marsh. It would
not be the marsh without him.”

  After this we spoke often of the big
man, treasuring his deeds of love and kind-
ness. And with the peace of this came the
old happiness—the happiness of perfect
understanding.

  Once more we were partners, Toinette
and I, sharing our hoard of memories. If
before Le Bossu’s visit the weeks had
passed quickly, they now flashed by with a
most disconcerting swiftness. Hardly, it
seemed, had I begun to know Toinette, be-
fore Fall was at hand, and preparations
were going forward for her return to the
convent.

  It would have been a trying time for me
but foj the rush of the season and its con-
sequent effect upon my employer. We sold
much that year, so much that, considering
his depleted stock, Monsieur Bonnemaison
arrived at a wholly unexpected determina-
tion. Always before he had ordered his
goods by letter from New Orleans or from
the dealers at St. Pierre. Now he decided
that he would branch out a little.

  “I will go to the city for the new stock,
Jean,” said he quite abrutly one night.
“You are here to look after things, and the
change will be good for me. Then I will
get new ideas; I will see what I am buying

. O U"V E	•	43

before I buy it. They are sharp, those
city-folk. Often they have fooled me.
Bicn. For once they will have to do with
N. Bonnemaison in person.”

   All this, of course, was very gratifying.
To be left in charge was the highest com-
pliment possible upon the part of my em-
ployer. Nevertheless I viewed Monsieur
Bonnemaison’s departure with an ever in-
creasing uneasiness.

  For the woods the store was an imposing
affair, and its management involved a most
uncomfortable responsibility. When finally
Toinette returned to St. Pierre with Mad-
ame Alcide and the triumphant Poussard,
her going was made easier by the problem
that lay before me.

  A week later Monsieur Bonnemaison an-
nounced the morning of his departure, and
in the days that followed, his going proved
a source of endless discussion and specula-
tion. Of course, being both Cajun and
human, Monsieur Bonnemaison had more
than once surrendered to the seductions of
the carnival, but in the eyes of Bois Berard
this particular journey was fraught with a
strange yet very genuine importance.

  “They will be something, those new
goods,” said the inhabitants. “We shall
have a Christmas to remember.”

  The psychology of this is perhaps best
explained in the words of Monsieur Bonne-
maison himself.

  “It is not the goods but the manner of
their purchase,” said he, when I asked him
about it. “Take for example a knife, or-
dered by me from St. Pierre and sold to
Hulin, the hunter. If asked where he got
it, he will reply, ‘At Bonnemaison’s,’ and
the matter is ended.

  “But let Hulin go himself to St. Pierre
and buy the same knife from the same
store, and you will observe a difference.
Now he will stop each acquaintance, to
show the knife and hold forth upon its
merits.

   “ ‘How is that for a blade?’ he will ask.
‘No, it is none of Bonnemaison’s stuff. I
bought it myself at St. Pierre.’

  “Thus it is the same with these goods
from the city. They can not go, Hulin and
the rest. It is impossible. Therefore the
next best thing is to have me go for them.

  “Watch Hulin when he buys his next
knife. For a week he will carry it about in
his hand.

   “ ‘Here is a real blade for you,’ he will

. N C E
44

NEVIL G. HENSHAW

say to every one. ‘This is no St. Pierre
pot-metal, I can tell you. Bonnemaison
bought it for me himself in the city.’ ”

  It was in the manner of his final instruc-
tions, however, that Monsieur Bonne-
maison displayed his true knowledge of
human nature. He did not frighten me
with useless commands. He did not con-
fuse me with trilling detail?. Only in the
matter of the mail, which was brought in
each day from the prairie, and which he
regarded with an awe closely bordering
upon reverence, did he warn me to be par-
ticularly careful.

  “To me you can explain a mistake, Jean.
To the Government, never,” he admon-
ished. “And the Government is the law.
It is the one thing that you must re-
member.”

  For the rest he merely told me to keep
on as usual, an injunction that increased
my confidence a thousandfold. As a conse-
quence, the day of his departure found me
divided between my regret at his leaving
and my desire to show him how well I
should do.

  “Au revoir, Jean,” said he, when his
buggy was before the store and, valise in
hand, he had come out of his tightly closed
house. “In five days, a week perhaps, I
shall be back again. Yes, I will remember
to look for your Madame Therese, al-
though from what you have said I fear
that it is hopeless. No, I have nothing to
tell you. You are in charge now and it is
for you to say what shall or shall not be
done.”

  This last, spoken loudly, was for the
benefit of the small crowd that had
gathered to see him off; a chuckling, mut-
tering crowd from which exploded every
now and then some witticism concerning
the probable antics of an old man upon
being faced with the perils and temptations
of the city.

  All this Monsieur Bonnemaison took in
good part, shaking hands right and left and
making the most extravagant promises as
to what he would order for each particular
one. Then, climbing into his buggy, he
waved his hand and was driven off amid a
shouting of farewells.

  When he had vanished beyond the trees,
I reentered the store with a feeling almost
of satisfaction. That the responsibility was
great I still realized, but, thanks to Mon-

sieur Bonnemaison’s attitude, I now felt
fully capable of accepting it.

  As we sold only for cash and I knew the
stock by heart, I had only to open and close
the store and wait upon such customers as
came along. After all, it was very simple.

  True, certain shiftless folk, scenting their
chance, approached me with tales of press-
ing need and of various employments that
would fill their empty pockets by the end
of the week. However, I not only knew
them well, but I also understood perfectly
how to deal with them. Having tried me
out, they did not trouble me again.

  In one case only did I make an excep-
tion. Of Doctor Poussard’s dealing with
the establishment I knew nothing, as he
had always transacted his business with
Monsieur Bonnemaison himself. Now,
when he came to me for his meager sup-
plies, telling of a mattress that would cer-
tainly be finished and paid for in a few
days, I served him without question.

  His relief was as pitiful as it was sincere.

  “I thank you, Jean,” he quavered. “It
would not have been nice to have had my
credit impaired. And now, if you wish, I
will stay a while, coming back from time
to time. I can do nothing, perhaps, but I
will be here in case of need.”

 Poor Doctor Poussard! The courage
with which he had steeled himself against
a possible refusal must have been great
indeed. Now, in proof of his gratitude, he
offered me the one remaining possession
of his company.

  Thus I came to know the little Doctor
well, and in knowing him I was impressed
more each day by the marvelous comfort
of his society. Never have I known such a
companion as Doctor Poussard. As Mad-
ame Alcide declared, he was only there
when you had need of him.

CHAPTER VI

MONSIEUR DUGAS FIGURES IN ANOTHER
CHRISTMAS

IN SIX days Monsieur Bonnemaison was
back again. He arrived quite unex-
pectedly, driving out in a hired buggy and
entering the store with as little ceremony
as if he had merely stepped over from his
home. Indeed, I thought him a customer

ROMANCE
JEAN TROUVE

4S

until his quiet, “Well, here I am, Jean,”
brought me hurrying forward in welcome.

  Later, after he had looked about, he
spoke briefly of his journey. He had had
good luck with his buying. Also he had
enjoyed himself. He had seen many new
and wonderful things, and it was always
interesting to watch the crowds. Of Mad-
ame Therese he had inquired carefully but
to no avail. She was already forgotten
upon the rue Bourbon.

  Finally he could see that I had done
well, and in expectation of this he had
brought me a little gift. It was a watch,
and if I was pleased with it, I might con-
sider my thanks as already said.

  Nothing could have been more typical
of Monsieur Bonnemaison than his attitude
upon this occasion. Had any other in-
habitant of Bois Berard returned from such
an outing, the recital of his adventures
would have been a matter of mouths.
True, the visit had impressed Monsieur
Bonnemaison, as was evidenced by the
manner in which he commented upon it.
It was his habit when interested to smile
and talk glibly upon all subjects save the
particular one that occupied his attention.

  His treatment of the wood-folk was a
marvel of diplomacy. When they hurried
in, eager for each detail of his journey, he
replied that he had had a good time and
then plunged into a description of the forth-
coming -goods that drove all other thoughts
from their minds. Thus he satisfied the
public curiosity until, with the arrival of
the goods themselves, the incident was con-
sidered closed.

  They caused much excitement, those
goods. Chosen carefully, they lived up to
and even beyond the reputation established
beforehand by their purchaser. Once they
had been hauled out from the railroad, we
enjoyed a trade such as Monsieur Bonne-
maison himself had not expected.

  Women came from the farthest limits of
the prairie for bonnets, for dress-goods, for
the innumerable flashy trinkets with which
we added life and color to the more solid
merits of our display. That Winter, to be
a la mode, was to have bought one’s outfit
of Bonnemaison.

  With the men it was merely a matter of
taking down an article to have it accepted
at once. That often it was the duplicate
of a similar article recently bought made

  no difference. The magic of “from the
city” swept all doubts aside.

  It was while we were, at the very height
of our success that news came to us of
approaching competition. With the fail-
ure of Gilbeau, its proprietor, more than a
year before, the little shop at the end of
the settlement had remained closed and for-
gotten. Now we heard that it would be
opened again and by no less a person than
my old enemy, Monsieur Dugas.

  Upon receiving this intelligence, Mon-
sieur Bonnemaison merely added a shrug
to his smile, but later he displayed what
was, for him, a truly remarkable ill-humor.

  “It is too bad,” he exploded once we
were alone. “It is worse than too bad; it
is a nuisance. Of course I had expected
it. He has tried every place but here.”
“Just the same he can hardly interfere
with us,” I answered, trying to draw him
out. “So long as the city goods last, the
trade will be ours.”

  My effort was wholly successful. For
the first time since I had known him, Mon-
sieur Bonnemaison’s small pensive eyes
were touched with a glint of anger.

  “Come, Jean, this is no time to joke,”
said he shortly. “Knowing Dugas as you
do, you understand well what I mean. Of
course you will advise me to stop him at
once, but that is impossible. He will come
with a small stock of supplies, and for a
while there will be nothing to lay your
finger on. It will all be hidden in that
lean-to at the back. Only when trouble
comes can we oust him, and then it will
be too late.”

  “But why?” I questioned. “What is the
use in going on that way?”

  Monsieur Bonnemaison spread out his
hands.

  “It is the man,” he replied. “Perhaps
he is mad, who can say? At all events it
is his one desire, the thing that he lives
for. As a merchant, even as the keeper of
a decent coffee-house he would be a suc-
cess. He is a close bargainer, and he
knows how to save.

  “But he is snot satisfied with honest
trade. Even the edge of the law is too
good for him. Then too he must always
play upon the weakness of another, not only
for the gain but for the strange pleasure of
doing so.

  “You have seen the kind of man who,
having started a toddling child, will allow
46

N LL V I L G.

HENSHAW

it to blunder off the porch for his own
amusement? That is Dugas. He is mean,
he is cruel, and always he whines when he is
made to pay for his sport. The sooner he
is through here, the better it will be for
every one.”

  Two days later Monsieur Dugas de-
scended upon us. He arrived in a battered,
one-horse wagon, half-filled with supplies,
and having unloaded and haggled with the
driver, he drove back with him as far as
Monsieur Bonnemaison’s store. Here he
climbed over the wheel for what he was
pleased to call a friendly understanding.

  As I looked at him, I saw that the past
two years had used him ill. He was thin-
ner, he was more ragged, and his cringe
now bent him almost double. His meager
face bore a hunted look, and beyond the
crooked twist of his furtive eyes one
glimpsed the weariness that is born of con-
stant dread.

  He had come to explain, he said. In
opening up he had no intention or desire
of taking away any part of Monsieur Bonne-
maison’s trade. Only let him serve the few
humbler folk who were bewildered by the
larger store’s variety and assortment, and
he would be satisfied. For the rest he stood
ready to do anything that might advance
the prosperity of both places.

  It was all fairly said, but beyond the
words one sensed the true meaning of Mon-
sieur Dugas’ visit. Fully aware that his
reputation had traveled before him, he had
come to find out just how much of this-
reputation was actually known.

  Bois Berard, though remote, was within
easy reach of the law. In this particular
undertaking the element of time would
prove a most important factor.

  Having heard his competitor out in cold
silence, Monsieur Bonnemaison spoke
briefly and to the point.

  “The trade is yours if you can get it,
Dugas,” said he. “The woods are free to
all. But mind that your business is car-
ried on in front. That is all I have to
say.”

  And he added to me, as without further
words Monsieur Dugas shambled off—
“Now that he knows, he will work fast.
It will not be long.”

  True to this prophecy, Monsieur Dugas
pushed his secret business to the farthest
possible limit. Shunning our place after
that first visit, lie worked feverishly, striv-

  ing for the last penny that stood between
him and the inevitable disaster.

  At the store we could only watch while
the blight of Monsieur Dugas’ sinister in-
fluence spread wider day by day. In the
trade of those unfortunates upon whom the
storekeeper especially preyed was written
the whole story of their downfall.

  First they gave over the buying of
trinkets and non-essentials. Next they
denied themselves in the more important
matter of implements and dress. And
finally, as the vicious circle narrowed down,
there came a stoppage of supplies, telling
of hungry mouths left empty for the filling
of a bottle.

  Of Monsieur Dugas’ several victims the
most pitiful was Hulin, the hunter. A
cheerful if intemperate soul, he had been
contented with an occasional debauch upon
the prairie. Now at the height of the sea-
son he ranged the woods by day, only that
he might spend his nights in carousing.
Soon his little ones went about pinched and
wary, having in their eyes a wistful appeal
for the smile that had become a blow.

  It was as intolerable as it was hopeless.
More than once I visited Monsieur Dugas
in an effort to discover something to go
upon. And always I found the same as-
sortment of unsold tins, the half-sack of
moldy flour, the pyramid of coconuts, worn
smooth by age and much handling.

  Always the storekeeper received me with
a mock effusiveness that was maddening.
I had come to buy? No? Then perhaps

I	would sit down and accept a bottle of
rouge. Whereupon he would throw open
the door of the lean-to, showing me that
it contained only his pallet and a treasured
crate or two of red pop.

  He worked well this time, did Monsieur
Dugas. Save the elect, none saw so much
as the drawing of a cork. Had it been pos-
sible to raid him, we would have had only
our trouble for our pains.

  So I watched him uselessly, until with
the approach of Christmas I turned my
thoughts to the more pleasant prospect of
Toinette’s return. This year she was to be
with us the best part of a week, and when
she arrived two days before the feast, I
greeted her with a gasp of consternation.

  “Toi«ette!” I cried. “You have grown
up.”

  “Not yet, Jean,” she smiled. “It is only
my long dress. Also, to please Tante

- ROMANCE
J'E A N TROUVE

47

Aurore, I have piled my hair on top of my
head.”

  This was reassuring, but even in those
few days I learned that Toinette’s growth
went far beyond the long dress and piled-
up hair. If, as she said, she had not grown
up, she had at least found herself. Of
this much I was sure even before Madame
Alcide confirmed it. It was plain to see
in the steady, untroubled look of her eyes,
in the quiet decisiveness of her manner.

  “It is all right now at the convent?” I
asked her.

  “It is more than all right, Jean,” she re-
plied. “It is like another home.”

  That was a long-remembered Christmas,
with its presents from St. Pierre and the
store and its late, monstrous dinner, at-
tended not only by Doctor Poussard but
by my employer himself. Unaccustomed
though he was to dining out, Monsieur
Bonnemaison did not lack in gallantry.

  “But this is fine, madame,” he kept re-
peating between mouthfuls. “I did not
think that anything so good could come out
of my store.”

  To Toinette he declared:

  “In your case, mademoiselle, the good
sisters have accomplished a triumph. Be-
sides teaching you, they have made of you
a young lady such as these woods have
never seen.”

  Dinner over and the day being mild, we
sat out upon the gallery, from where, later
in the afternoon, we heard sounds of dis-
turbance at the far end of the settlement.
There were muffled shouts and snatches of
song, followed always by the roar and
cackle of drunken laughter.

  “You hear?” said Monsieur Bonne-
maison. “Dugas is getting bold. Either
he depends upon the good-will of the day
or he finds that he is near the end of his
rope.”

  “Perhaps it is the strangers,” ventured
Doctor Poussard. “At my place I saw
them come in from the marsh.”

  “So,” answered Monsieur Bonnemaison.
“Then it is worse than I feared. They will
not be easy to handle, those strangers, once
they have had too much.”

  With the approach of dusk and the de-
parture of our guests, the revelry increased.
Then shortly after dark it rose into a sud-
den, furious outburst that was heard inside
the house. Scenting trouble, I hurried out-
side to find that the uproar had been suc-

ceeded by a silence in which I caught very
faintly the thud and rustle of swiftly de-
parting feet. Then as I quickened my pace,
there shrilled out upon the night the high,
thin wail of a woman in fear.

  At Monsieur Dugas’ I found all that I
had sought so long. Grown bold, the
strangers had wrecked the place, leaving it
a chaos of empty bottles and scattered sup-
plies. The windows were smashed. The
door had been wrenched away. And in-
side, amid the litter of broken glass and
trampled food, lay Hulin, his chest a dark
welter of blood.

  To those who gathered about him he
could only explain that he had been
stabbed. There had been a general fight,
in which the lights had been knocked over
and knives had come into play.

  When struck, he had screamed, where-
upon all had rushed out bursting, so it
seemed, through the very walls. At the
time he had been the only inhabitant pres-
ent. Long before the others had been
scared away.

  So ended Monsieur Dugas’ venture at
Bois Berard, for, escaping with the
strangers, the storekeeper disappeared.
Had Hulin’s wound proved serious, he
would have been searched for, but, when
after a few days the hunter recovered from
the wound in his shoulder, the wood-folk
were content to let well enough alone.

  “Bien,” they said. “Hulin is out and we
are rid of Dugas for all time. We should
not complain.”

  In the excitement following Monsieur
Dugas’ flight, Toinette’s visit passed
quickly. It seemed that she came, that
Hulin was wounded, that she was gone
again, all in a few hours. Only after she
had driven away did I realize how little I
had seen of her.	•

  Yet for all this I now became possessed
of a thought of Toinette such as I had not
entertained before. It began with a chance
remark of Monsieur Bonnemaison’s.

  “I miss her, your mademoiselle,” said he
one day. “It was good to see her about.
Where before she was pretty, she is now
beautiful.”

   “That is so,” I agreed idly, but five min-
utes later Monsieur Bonnemaison’s words
had taken complete possession of my mind.

  Was Toinette beautiful? I asked my-
self. Was she even pretty? To my amaze-
ment I found that it had never occurred to

R o M ANCE
48

N E V I L G.

HENSHAW

me to consider the matter in any way.
Other girls, pretty and plain, I had noticed
and commented on. Of this phase of
Toinette I had not thought at all. I had
been satisfied with the mere fact of her
being Toinette.

  Now, thanks to my employer, I discov-
ered that Toinette was possessed of certain
looks of her own. This much I grasped
at once. But what of these looks? Here
was a riddle to which I could find no sat-
isfactory answer.

  Pursuing my inquiry, I decided that I
could not depend upon my own judgment.
Viewing Toinette with the eyes of affection,
I must find her beautiful in every way. Of
course I had my employer’s opinion, but
Monsieur Bonnemaison was ever a speaker
of fair words. Perhaps he had been chiefly
concerned with the memory of that Christ-
mas dinner.

  Thinking on, I dismissed Doctor Pous-
sard, whose answer I already knew.

  “Of course,” he would say. “As beauti-
ful as she is good.”

  Here I was forced to stop, since of the
other inhabitants there vvas not one whom
I would care to approach with so delicate
a question.

  Closing time found me obsessed by my
inquiry. I felt that I could have no peace
until this question of Toinette’s looks was
definitely settled. As I walked home, I
considered an appeal to Madame Alcide.
but in the end I shrank from the idea. She
was a woman and she might not under-
stand.

  After supper I read so absently that more
than once the old lady shot me an inquir-
ing glance above her sewing. Then, the
reading over, I could contain myself no
longer.

  “Madame?” I burst out. “Is Toinette
beautiful?”

  As she looked quickly up, Madame Al-
cide’s gaze was strangely hostile.

  “Who has said so?” she demanded
sharply.

  “M’sieu Bonnemaison,” I replied.

  There fell a pause, during which Madame
Alcide gave a little nod, as was her habit
in moments of satisfaction.

  “So,” said she quietly. “And wh^t do
you think, Jean?”

  “I can not think,” I answered. “That
is just the trouble.”

  Vague though this was, Madame Alcide
seemed fully to understand.

  “Then do not try,” she advised. “If
you have not troubled about this before,
why do so now?”

  And she added, returning to her needle:

  “Beauty is for outside, Jean. In one’s
home it is always uncomfortable.”

  Later, as we were closing up for the
night, Madame Alcide broke in upon the
returned calmness of my thoughts with one
of her rare laughs.

  “What is it, madame?” I inquired.

  The old lady’s smile held fondness to-
gether with its quaint humor.

  “It is you, Jean,” she returned. “You
are truly amusing. Not only have you
found out that Toinette is a woman, but
you have made the further remarkable dis-
covery that you yourself are a man.”

CHAPTER VII

I APPROACH MY AMBITION

THAT Spring I put in the first of my
cane. It was a small planting of a
dozen acres, yet, having no work-animals
or implements of my own, I was forced to
go into partnership with Joe Vital, a mar-
ket-gardener who owned a team. Of the
forthcoming profits Vital was to receive
one-half. The balance would be divided
between Madame Alcide and myself, as
the furnishers of the land and the seed-
cane.

  This arrangement promised me scant
profits, yet I was well satisfied. Next year
I would plant my own stubble and double
my crop. Also, if I were successful, I
would have proved the worth of my ex-
periment.

  But best of all was the thought that I
approached my ambition. At last I was
to reap the reward of those long months
of work and saving.

  Never will I forget that March morning
when Vital turned up the first brown clods
of the prairie. As they slid smoothly
over, scattering their shower of dewdrops,
I thought them the most wonderful clods
in all the world. I could hardly have
valued them more, had Nature provided
true jewels for their adornment.

  Standing beside me, Madame Alcide
voiced her approval.

ROMANCE
JEAN TROUVE

49

   “You have done it, Jean,” said she.
 “And in your own way.”

   “What do you mean, madame?” I ques-
 tioned.

   “With most of our folk the first plant-
 ing and even the last is done between the
 handles of a plow,” she returned. “It is
 not often that we can stand and look
 on.”

   “But how could I learn to plow while
 in the store?” I objected.

   Before replying, the old lady surveyed
 me with a look of quiet comprehension.

   “That is all right, Jean,” said she. “I
 understand. I have understood all along.
 That is what I meant when at the very
 first I told you that you aimed high.”

   After this I treasured my leisure mo-
 ments that I might spend them in watch-
 ing the work go on. It fascinated me,
 that lumpy, irregular square which Vital
 was creating at the edge of the woods.
 Each day it lapped farther beyond the
 rim of encroaching sod, for all the world
 as if the prairie had been some huge, placid
 lake, upon which I had launched the frail
 bark of my endeavor.

   Then, the plowing done, the seed-cane
 went in, until with the covering of the
 final joint Vital withdrew a while, leaving
 the torn earth to be quickened by the
 touch of Nature.

   Yet even now I went each day to the
 field to dream of the myriad slender
 sprouts that would presently push up
 from the hidden eyes below. Those shoots
 would be stout and many, I told myself.
 They must be. It was unthinkable that
 this first crop would prove a failure.

  And next year there would be many
 more shoots and in the years to come more
 again until— But I could not go beyond
 that “until.” It represented the height of
 my achievement. Whfin in their millions
 those final shoots stretched away beyond
 sight from the trees, I would have reached
 my goal and become a planter.

   At the store I talked of cane to each
 small farmer who came along. Gravely I
 discussed the effects of heat and cold, of
 rain and drought. More gravely still I
 heard of the curse of weeds, the blight of
 the borer and the endless kindred evils,
 against which one must guard an infant
 crop. It was a time of fear as well as
 hope, and often when I considered the
 vast, malevolent forces against which I

must contend, it seemed impossible that
I should ever succeed.

  It was at these times that the sound
common sense of Monsieur Bonnemaison
made short work of my dejection.

  “Pay no attention to those croakers,
Jean,” he would advise. “That is their
fun, to scare the newcomer with all those
things of which they have ceased to be
afraid. I am no farmer, but I have no-
ticed that, despite the bugs and weeds,
the new crops come up each year. Yours
will do the same.”

  In the matter of my planting, Monsieur
Bonnemaison was kindness itself. He
wished me well, and in return I saw to it
that this new interest did not diminish my
work at the store.

  Rather it increased it as it increased the
business, for, having aired their opinions,
the small farmers came back from the
prairie to enlarge upon them. Next, when
true to Monsieur Bonnemaison’s predic-
tions my crop was safely above ground,
they returned to view it and to instruct
me in those further efforts that would see
it through hot weather.

  All of this brought trade—new trade,
wholly unexpected. As a consequence
Monsieur Bonnemaison developed an in-
terest in my venture beyond his mere
desire for my ultimate success.

  “I am surprized, Jean,” said he. “It is
bringing us out, that little crop of yours.
Already it has done as much as the goods
from the city. They are talking far out
in the prairie.

  “ ‘You have heard?’ says one. ‘They
are putting in cane at Bois Berard.’ ‘So,’
says the other, and turning his back on
those many acres about him, he rides here
to see.

  “You have done well, and next year
you must do better. If necessary I shall
help you.”

  Gradually the advent of these new-
comers worked a change upon the placid
existence of Monsieur Bonnemaison.
Where before he had been gratified by
their custom, he now began to find an
interest in their presence. He talked with
them. He joked with them. He expanded
visibly beneath their influence.

  Soon, becoming tired of the eternal talk
of crops, he took to discussing the no less
important topic of politics. There would
be several elections that Fall, and already

^ ROMANCE
NEViL G.

HENSHAW

the prairie-folk were considering the
nierits of the various candidates.

  Up to this time Monsieur Bonnemaison’s
voting had been both blind and spasmodic.
Upon those occasions, when the elections
had not interfered with his work, he had
gone to the polls and cast his ballot in
accordance with the wishes of his friends.

  Now he discovered that he was entitled
to an opinion of his own. Nay, more—
that, if he would prove himself a good
citizen, it was his duty to form such an
opinion and stick to it to the bitter end.

  Accordingly Monsieur Bonnemaison set
about to inform himself through the me-
dium of his neighbors. Beginning with
an occasional hurried drive to the stores
and homes of the prairie, he extended his
visits until, with the ending of Spring, it
was not uncommon for him to be absent a
whole afternoon.

  His delight in this new occupation was
that of the toiler who, having achieved
independence, discovers that he still has
the desire and ability to play.

  “Dieu, Jean,” he would say. “They are
something, those politics. Where before
I had one friend, I now have a dozen.
And that is good for any one. All along
I have been like a man in jail. Now
that I am free, I mean to enjoy myself.”

  It was good to see Monsieur Bonne-
maison come out of his shell. Looking
on, Bois Berard understood and ap-
plauded.

  “Let him have his fun,” said the wood-
folk. “He has worked hard enough for
it.”

  And the wise ones added:

  “Bonnemaison will play that game well.
If we in all these years have failed to get
behind his smile, how can those others
expect to do so?”

  What with my cane and Monsieur Bon-
nemaison’s politics, the Spring passed
pleasantly. With the coming of June,
however, I faced a bitter disappointment.
Shortly before she departed for the con-
vent’s exercises, Madame Alcide informed
me that Toinette would not return with
her.

  Upon her reasons for this decision Ma-
dame Alcide spoke at length. Toinette
was now grown, she said, and it was high
time that she knew' her family. There-
fore she would begin by visiting certain
Lava Is and Berards in and around St.

Pierre. Afterward she would return to
the convent and employ such time as re-
mained of her vacation in preparing her-
self for her all-important third year.

  Madame Alcide laid particular stress
upon that third year. It was the one that
counted, she declared. Let Toinette pass
through it safely, and she need not worry
about the fourth year and graduation. Of
course Toinette was smart, but she had
started late and with only my scant teach-
ing. She could not afford to take chances.

   It was all so simple and convincing that
I was at a loss to account for the man-
ner in which Madame Alcide dwelt upon
it. She seldom repeated herself, nor was
it often necessary for her to do so. In
the end I decided that she was fortifying
herself against her approaching loneliness.

  It was hard to have Toinette miss my
first crop. Often at the camp, when I
had spoken of my ambition, she had
pointed out to the marsh-grass, saying:

  “Look, Jean. Your cane will be like
that some day.”

  And now that I had my cane—real,
living, growing canc—she was not there to
see. 1 could only console myself with the
thought that next year she would behold
it in all the impressiveness of my increased
acreage.

  So the Summer came, depriving me of
Toinette yet bringing me new tasks that
did much to atone for her absence. In
the field my cane was well up and thriv-
ing, so that each spare moment found me
assisting Vital in the work of cultivation.
At the store my duties increased daily as
Monsieur Bonnemaison followed the in-
evitable course of his development. Urged
on by his friends, he now fell a victim to
political ambition.

   For years the ward of which Bois Berard
was a part had bee'n represented upon the
police jury by General Marsh. There had
been no canvassing of votes, no contest in
regard to this office. As the leader of his
section, the general had been chosen unani-
mously.

  Now he announced that, following his
present term, he' could serve no longer.
Also he made no suggestion as to his
successor.

   This returned the office to the realm of
politics. True, the election would not be
held for nearly a year, but this merely
increased the possibilities of the situation.

.MCE	zr,
JEAN TROUVE

With so many months to work in, the
prairie-folk could be depended upon to
conduct a campaign that would make po-
litical history.

I As a consequence Monsieur Bonne-
maison departed from the first preliminary
skirmish to find himself a candidate. His
friends had asked him to run and, half-
bewildered, he had given his consent.

  That this bewilderment was due rather
to Monsieur Bonnemaison’s modesty than
to any apprehension he might have felt at
the prospect of holding office became
quickly apparent. Once he had consid-
ered the matter and gotten his bearings,
he fairly bubbled over with delight and
appreciation.

  “It is too much,” he declared. “To
think that I, the beginner, should be
chosen. I could not answer when they
asked me. I could only nod my agree-
ment and get away as quickly as possible.
But I will show them if I get in. pood
roads and safe bridges will speak for me.”

   Following his elation, Monsieur Bonne-
maison entered upon a more sober period,
during which with the aid of his support-
ers he mapped out a campaign. This ac-
complished, he called me into his office
one evening as I was preparing to leave
the store.

  “Next week I start my canvass,” he
began. “April is a long way off, but Dau-
trive has come out, and it is said that
Pesson will run also. This means a fight,
and in a fight it is often the first blow that
counts. Also, having struck my blow, I
mean to keep on striking until the very
day of the election. Thus you will be in
charge again, Jean; this time for months,
perhaps.”

   “That is all right, m’sieu,” said I. “You
can depend upon me to do my best.”

  Monsieur Bonnemaison waved this as-
surance aside.

  “Of course, Jean,” said he. “That is
understood. The question is, how can I
do my best? With your cane, the store
will be. too much even in Summer. You
must have some one to help you.”

  He paused, leaving me fairly staggered
by his suggestion. Monsieur Bonnemaison
with two clerks! He was coming out
indeed.

  “That is good of you, m’sieu,” said I.
“If I could have help on Saturdays, it

would be easier. You have thought of
any one?”

  As he replied, Monsieur Bonnemaison’s
smile was touched with a fleeting kindness
—kindness not only for myself but for the
one he had in mind.

  “What of Poussard?” he questioned.
“Ever since my trip to the city he has been
hanging about. If you are satisfied, I will
speak to him.”

  Thus it was arranged, and upon the
following Saturday the little doctor re-
ported for duty at the store. So timidly
pleased, so pitifully grateful was he that
even Monsieur Bonnemaison was touched
by the effect of his benevolence.

  “Dieu, Jean,” he said to me. “I am
knowing Poussard for the first time. Only
now can I appreciate how hard it has been
for him.”

  The truth of this I appreciated myself
in the weeks that followed. It had been
hard for the little doctor, far harder than
any of us would ever know. To his lone-
liness, his lack of true occupation, had
been added a poverty that made a humili-
ation of the very food that went into his
mouth. For Doctor Poussard had his
pride, the fine pride of one who, scorning
surrender, accepts and fights on in the hope
of some day being able to repay.

  In proof of this he refused to accept
even a portion of the small amount that
I offered him upon his first Saturday night.

  “No, Jean,” he said. “It must go upon
my account. As you perhaps know, I have
an arrangement with your employer. It
is good to pay back. One can spend
money in no pleasanter manner.”

  Once he had mastered the stock and
prices, the little doctor proved an able
assistant. Always quiet and considerate,
he performed his duties with all the thor-
oughness and precision of his military
training.

  Also he served his customers with a
grave courtesy hitherto unknown at our
establishment. The wood-folk liked to be
waited upon by Doctor Poussard. They
left him with a most gratifying estimate
of their own importance.

  Soon there arose a demand for him which
Monsieur Bonnemaison was only too will-
ing to satisfy. Accordingly with the ap-
proach of midsummer he offered the little
doctor a permanent place in the store.

  Never will I forget the manner in which

             ROMANCE L

                                                  0
r

51	NEV1L C.

Doctor Poussard accepted his promotion.
If before we had been touched by his
gratitude, his joy and relief was now
enough to dim one’s eyes. Perhaps that
period of uncertainty had been harder for
him than anything he had known.

  Now that he was sure, the little doctor
was like a man transformed. Gone from
his eyes was the plaintive anxiety, and
in its place came a look of peace. Through
pride his stooped shoulders regained a hint
of their former squareness. Touched by
the warm glow of prosperity, his very
brownness took on a mellower hue.

  His medicine and his mattresses he gave
up at once, taking down his signs upon
the very afternoon of his talk with Mon-
sieur Bonnemaison.

  “You see, Jean, it would not do for me
to retain these outside affairs,” he ex-
plained. “I could only attend to them by
neglecting the interests of my employer.
Thus my practise and my manufactory are
things of the past. Now that the signs
are down, my patrons will understand that
I am done with them entirely.

  Good Doctor Poussard! Even in his
retirement he wrought a lasting cure upon
his most profitable patient. For, follow-
ing her enjoyment of his success, Madame
Alcide achieved a state of health in which
her migraine entirely disappeared.

  Having established the little doctor,
Monsieur Bonnemaison removed his activi-
ties to the store-porch. He would be there
to advise and to greet the customers. The
rest we could attend to inside. Now that
he had two clerks, he would make the most
of them. Such time as was allowed him'
by his supporters he meant to taka at his
ease.

  So said Monsieur Bonnemaison, and
so the word went round that when at
Bois Berard he could always be found
outside the store. Each day he held court
in his old armchair. Each day he talked
politics to an increasing audience, smiling
his inscrutable smile.

  And well might Monsieur Bonnemaison
smile, for it was very hot and he had
solved the problem of his canvass. Where
before he had gone to the voters, the
voters now came to him.

  Yet it was Monsieur Bonnemaison’s ill
luck that of all these voters the most
important should call at a moment whan
he was away from the store. Thus the

1 ROM.

HENSHAW

newcomer was received by Doctor Pous-
sard, who called back to me in a voice
shrill with excitement.

  ‘•Quick, Jean,’1 he warned. “It is
M’sieu the General.”

  Hurrying out, 1 found the general upon
his horse at the edge of the porch. Since
coming to the woods, I had caught sight
of him, but always it had been from a
distance. Now that I saw him closely, I
found him little' changed.

  The years might have added new lines
to his face—thin lines, infinitely fine and
delicate, as became one of his position.
His hair might now be more white than
gray. Otherwise in his erectness, his chill
aloofness, he was the same forbidding
figure of that day of renunciation.

  Upon his part, the general satisfied him-
self with a single glance in my direction.
It was a brief glance, accomplished by a
slight twist of the head, yet so searching,
so all-embracing was it that I felt as if I
had been stripped to the skin.

  “Yes, m’sieu?” 1 stammered, conscious
that my face was aflame.

  As he replied, the general’s gaze was
fixed upon the far end of the wood-road.
He spoke straight before him, as if he were
addressing some one who stood at the head
of his horse.

  “I wish to leave a message for Bonne-
maison,” said he. “Tell him that he may
count upon my support.”

  “Yes, m’sieu,” I replied after I had
waited to make sure that he was through.
“M’sieu Bonnemaison will be pleased.”
“Thank you.” said the general and pre-
pared to depart.

  Then as his horse swung out from the
porch, he suddenly wheeled him back
again. Once more he looked at me, but
this time there was nothing disturbing in
his gaze. It passed through and beyond
me, as if I were something wholly finished
and appraised.

  “I noticed some cane as I came in,” be-
gan the general.

  “It is mine, m’sieu,” I answered.

  “You have a fine stand.”

  “I am pleased that you think so, m'sieu.”
  “To whom do you expect to sell it?”
  “To you. m’sieu, if you are willing.”
  The general reached for his bridle.
  “Very well,” he agreed and ended the
  interview by trotting away amid the fast
  lengthening shadows of the trees.

iNCE I----
JEAN TROUVE

53

  “Bien,” observed Doctor Poussard,
speaking for this first time. “You are
lucky, you and Bonnemaison. Your wares
have found a good market.”

  This was true, but at the moment my
thoughts were far from my crop. I could
only recall that first glance of the general’s
and wonder at what part it had played in
his unexpected visit.

  I was flushed again as I reentered the
store. Somehow I felt as if I had been
on exhibition.

CHAPTER VIII

THE GENERAL MAKES AN OFFER

THANKS to a good season and the
fertility of the prairie, my cane proved
a remarkable success. All through the
Summer it increased in girth and richness,
until with the coming of Fall a high, close-
woven jungle of purple and green stood
out against the dark line of the forest.

  Once more the prairie-folk came to see
and congratulate. They could not deny
that jungle. Even the most pessimistic
were forced to admit that I had done well.

  At Bois Berard itself there was a diver-
sity of opinion. Some few inhabitants of
proved industry were frankly jubilant, de-
claring that my good fortune would bring
a general prosperity. Their less thrifty
neighbors viewed the future more darkly.

  “What is money without comfort?” they
demanded.

  To dig up the ground was hard work,
especially in Summer. No one but a sim-
pleton would wish to exchange a gun for
a hoe. If the planting kept on, all sensible
folk would move farther inside.

  Nevertheless I did not lack for labor
when the time came to cut my crop. Bois
Berard might grumble, but it could be de-
pended upon to make the most of such an
occasion.

  On the appointed day I had my pick of
the entire settlement. The wood-folk fairly
fought for possession of the few cane-
knives that I had ordered from St. Pierre.

  Afterward they made a game of the
work, some of them slashing in with the
abandon of one repelling an attack; others,
more delicately humored, pretending to
engage in a duel with each separate stalk.

This, while fun for the onlookers, meant

ruin to the cane. Had I not interfered,
my crop would have been speedily reduced
to fragments.

  Later, when the first cart was loaded
and Vital had climbed aboard it, the wood-
folk were outspoken in their pride.

  “Show them what we are, Joe,” they
called. “Remember you are not peddling
game at M’sieu the General’s back door.”

  All along I had looked forward to the
moment when I would make this first jour-
ney to Marsh Island. Now that it had
arrived, I found that I must forego my
small triumph. In the first place I was
no handler of mules and would therefore
prove merely an additional burden to Vital
or the others whom I had engaged to move
the crop. In the second it was necessary
that I remain in the field to superintend
the work of the cutters.

  Vital must look after the weighing and
collect the receipts, leaving me to make
the final settlement.

  It was disappointing to wait for the last
loads, but when they were ready, I was
recompensed for my delay by the thought-
fulness of Monsieur Bonnemaison. I must
use his driving-horse, he declared. Not
only would it be more comfortable, but I
would appear to better advantage.

  After all, I was a planter despite my
few acres. It would not do for me to
arrive in a cart like any common laborer.

  Thus I set out in style, trotting ahead of
my small cavalcade upon the broad back
of Monsieur Bonnemaison’s animal. The
day was crisp and clear, and as I reached
the causeway, a sudden breeze rippled in
from the bay, spicing the air with a tang
of saltiness. Beneath its touch the tall
grass bowed gravely, while the myrtles flut-
tered their tiny leaves as if in mockery
of such sedateness.

  It was the same old marsh, and the
sight of its waving grass brought back my
last afternoon at Bayou Portage. Poor
Papa Ton! What if he could see me
now.

  “Cane is for the rich, Jean,” he had said.
“Only with a .trap can you get your for-
tune out of the ground.”

  Reaching the island, I took a different
direction from the one adopted upon my
journey with Monsieur Dugas. Now I
turned off to the left, along a road that
circled the base of a hill. Following this
through a tangle of woodland, I came

ROMANCE
NEVIL G. HENSHAW

 finally to open ground. And here I drew
 up with a suddenness that brought a snort
 of protest from my indignant mount, for
 the cane-fields lay before me.

   Long was I to remember my first view
 of these fields. Perhaps they were not as
 vast as those that encircled the great re-
 fineries of St. Pierre. Perhaps they lacked
 the network of rails, the puffing dummies
 that made for modern efficiency. Yet in
 the wide, free sweep of their level acres, in
 the flood of green that billowed from
 marsh to hillside, they expressed in the
 fullest degree all that for which I longed.

    As I gazed at them, I felt g. great and
 tender pity for my father. It was some-
 thing to have lost those fields. No wonder
 he had been gray before his time.

    Riding on between the tall ranks of the
 cane, I came presently to the mill, a
 squat affair of brick and plaster, topped by
 an ancient stack. From its low-pitched
 shed came the rich, heavy odor of the open
 kettles. About its narrow carrier the cane
 was piled in huge glistening mounds. In-
 side its worn rollers clanked and rattled as
 if in wean' effort, while they crunched their
 way through the never ceasing stream of
 stalks.

    It was small and old and hopelessly old-
 fashioned, yet about it there was some-
 thing that had been wholly lacking in the
 refineries of St. Pierre. They were huge,
 those refineries, but they were also frankly
 commercial. Here one found in all its
 charm and fragrance the true enchantment
 of grinding.

    It was not easy to leave this mill. Long
 after the carts had been unloaded and I
 had finished my business at the scales, I
 hung about, absorbed in the busy scene.
 Each detail was like a tonic to me; the
 roar of the boilers, the drip of the juice,
 the slap of the carrier that perhaps even
 then was carrying a load from Bois Berard.

    When finally I rode off. I promised my-
 self that some day I would have such a
 mill of my own. Already I could picture
 it nestled snugly amid the trees.

 So I returned with my thoughts in the
 future, until near the edge of the fields I
 came upon the general. He trotted out'
 upon me suddenly from a field-road, and
 at that moment it seemed a chance meet-
 ing. Only afterward did I understand
 that he had ridden there purposely to
 intercept me.

   “Well?” he inquired, after I had saluted
 him. ‘‘Has everything been satisfactory?”
 “Perfectly so, m’sieu,” I replied. “I
 would like to sell to you next year.”

   “So you mean to keep on?” he ques-
tioned.

   “Ah, yes, m’sieu,” said I eagerly. “Next
 year I will have twice as much—perhaps
 more if M’sieu Bonnemaison helps me.”
 The general considered this a moment.
 He seemed almost impressed by my en-
 thusiasm.

   “Then you intend to be a farmer rather
 than a storekeeper?” he observed.

   “That is it, m’sieu,” I agreed. “I hope
 some day to be a planter.”

   Not until I had spoken did I realize my
 mistake. In a way I had corrected the
 general.

   “Pardon, m’sieu," said I quickly. “I
mean that I would like to become a
farmer.”

   There fell a pause, during which the
general eyed me absently. Then he spoke
in a strangely detached voice, as if he were
iflHering his thoughts aloud.

   “No,” he mused. “You were right at
first. You will never be a farmer. You
will plant from the saddle or not at all.”
He checked himself and added with a
swift return to his usual tone—“How
would you like to come here for the next,
crop?”

   It was so sudden, so wholly unexpected,
 that I could only stammer in reply.

  “You mean, m’sieu—you mean—” I
began.	..

   irExactly,” broke in the general. “I
need a man in the field and I have heard
you well spoken of. If you are willing, I
can use you as soon as the crop is off.”

   His words restored my confidence. They
 held no kindliness, no hint of good-will
 to justify my confusion. He needed a man,
 and he had heard me well spoken of. It
 was merely a matter of business.

   Before answering him, I looked out over
 the wide sweep of the cane. Truly it was
 a temptation. A year at Marsh Island
 would be a priceless experience.

   Then I thought of Monsieur Bonne-
maison, of the store, of those useless acres
of prairie that I might redeem for Madame
Alcfde.

   “M’sieu," said I, “I am very grateful to
 you for your offer, but I can not accept
JEAN TROUVE

55

it. My duty lies in the woods. It would
not be right for me to leave there.”

  The general’s eyes were fierce as I fin-
ished. Evidently he was ill used to refusal.
For an instant he appeared upon the point
of bursting into angry speech. Then he
resumed his cold indifference, wheeling
about with a jerk of the bridle.

  “As you wish,” said he curtly and
turned off into the field-road, leaving me
to stare after him with a curiously mingled
feeling of relief and disappointment.

  Riding on, I reviewed our meeting until
I reached the point where the general had
seemed to speak his thoughts aloud.

  “No,” he had said. “You will never be
a farmer. You will plant from the saddle
or not at all.”

  Here was something to consider. Just
what had the general meant? And now
that I thought of it, Madame Alcide had
made some similar remark upon the occa-
sion of my first plowing.

  First Madame Alcide, and now the gen-
eral. Why should they comment upon
the manner in which I had planted my
crop?

  The puzzle of this held me throughout
the rest of my ride. So far as I could
see, I was putting in my cane in the usual
fashion. And if I were not, why should
these two be so concerned at my going
about the matter in my own particular
way?

CHAPTER IX

AN EVENTFUL SPRING

THE Spring that followed was a famous
one for Bois Berard. With March it
found me planting, not twice, but a good
four times the amount of my former
acreage.

  This increase, the work of my employer,
was far beyond my highest expectations.
True, Monsieur Bonnemaison had offered
to help me, but I had never thought that
his assistance would take so substantial a
form. In this case, however, his caution
haci been tempered by a fine sense of
appreciation.

  Upon my return from Marsh Island I
had been careful to give no hint of my
interview with the general. Nevertheless,
in the mysterious fashion of such commu-

nities, word of it had gone abroad. Upon
its reaching the woods, Monsieur Bonne-
maison called me to him at once.

  “So, Jean,” said he. “I have just heard
of M’sieu the General and yourself. You
have behaved well, and you shall not be
the loser by it. In the Spring you will
see.”

  Thus Monsieur Bonnemaison made good
his words at planting time by doubling my
expected crop. This meant much work
and planning to meet the requirements of
his added acres. Teams must be found.
Implements must be bought, together with
an extra supply of seed-cane. Also there
was the problem of additional labor.

  In this the wood-folk seemed little in-
clined to help me. For the most part they
were content to look on with a virtuous
indolence born of their efforts at grinding.
They had cut my crop or they had of-
fered to do so, which amounted to the
same thing. Now they meant to rest until
cool weather.

  It was a difficult time and one in which
I might have fared badly, had not Mon-
sieur Bonnemaison again come to my
assistance. Owning several cabins, he gave
their tenants the choice of going into the
field or of making way for workers from
outside.

  This aroused a storm of protest, followed
by the threat of a general exodus, but
through it all Monsieur Bonnemaison stood
firm. In the end the wood-folk turned to
their natural philosophy and shrugged a
surrender.

  “Bien,” they said. “It is our crop any-
way. Why should we leave it to these dirt-
grubbers from the prairie?”

  So the inhabitants went to work and so
began a period of prosperity for Bois
Berard. If at first there was grumbling
and discontent, this soon disappeared
through the magic of regular wages.

  The wood-folk might love their ease, but
they could not blind themselves to the
advantages of a weekly pay-roll.

  Before the crop was in, Hulin, the
hunter, had taken his turn in the field.
He had been wrong, he admitted. A hoe
was surer than a gun. You never missed
your dinner with a hoe.

  In April cane gave place to politics.
Now that the elections were close at hand,
the question of votes became all-absorb-
ing. Supported by the general, Monsieur

ROMANCE
r

56	NEVIL G.

Bonnemaison had seemed certain of vic-
tory, but there was always the danger that
his opponents would combine. This they
did at the last moment, Pesson dropping
out to give his support to the more prom-
ising Dautrive.

  Then began a bitter fight that was
waged to the casting of the final ballot. It
was a contest to delight the Cajun heart,
and when at its end Monsieur Bonnemaison
was declared the winner, he was fairly
overcome by his emotion. Called on for
a speech, he could only utter a few broken
words.

  “Later, my friends,” he choked. “Just
now I can say nothing. But I will show
you all what I feel.”

  This promise Monsieur Bonnemaison
kept in May by holding a general celebra-
tion. Half-fete, half-barbecue, it was
attended by friend and foe alike. From
the farthest limits of the prairie the voters
came to enjoy Monsieur Bonnemaison’s
boundless hospitality.

  For a whole day there was eating and
drinking, enlivened by various sports.
Horses were run, chickens were fought,
games were played of every kind. Also
Monsieur Bonnemaison atoned for his for-
mer muteness 'by delivering a speech of
thanks in the late afternoon.

  Among the many guests was Monsieur
Dugas. He crept in alone from the prairie,
a vacant, imbecile-creature, with drooling
lips and lifeless eyes. All through the
merrymaking he stumbled about, babbling
the tale of his wrongs.

  It was M’sieu the General, he kept re-
peating. It had always been M’sieu the
General. It would be like that until he,
Dugas, had had a settlement. And so he
went on, half-whining, half-threatening,
wholly regardless of the haste with which
his listeners hurried away from him.

  Upon inquiry I learned that Monsieur
Dugas had met disaster while hiding in
the marsh. Some one had struck him from
behind, and afterward he had become
queer. Now he was back on the prairie,
where he drifted about, existing precari-
ously upon such crumbs of charity as were
grudgingly thrown him.

  He was quite harmless, but he was also
very tiresome with his eternal arraignment
of M’sieu the General. This was his one
obsession. For all his trials and misfor-

HENSHAW

tunes he blamed the owner of Marsh
Island.	,

  Poor Monsieur Dugas! His plight was
pitiful, yet it earned him little sympathy.
Those who took trouble to speak to him
declared that he was justly punished for his
evil deeds.

  Following Monsieur Bonnemaison’s
speech, the guests departed, the late ones
being lighted upon their way by a bon-
fire that had been kindled at the edge
of the prairie. So ended the celebration,
a fitting close to that memorable Spring.

  With the arrival of June, Madame
Alcide made ready for her annual pilgrim-
age to the convent. Once again she set
out alone, for despite the offer of a well-
earned holiday, Doctor Poussard could
not be induced to leave his post.

  “It is impossible,” he said to us. “The
business might suffer. Also madame would
not allow it. I have explained, and she
agrees with me in every way.”

  He was a far different Poussard from
the forlorn creature of that former deser-
tion. As he spoke, his voice held almost a
note of authority. Well clothed and well
fed, he had none of the officiousness that
is often the outcome of unexpected pros-
perity. Rather he was quietly pleased that
in his own simple way he had justified his
existence.

  As for Monsieur Bonnemaison and my-
self, we were well satisfied to have him
remain. Through our outside duties the
little doctor had become indispensable.
Often he was left in charge for the best
part of the day.

  During Madame Alcide’s absence I
thought much of Toinette. Save for that
brief visit at the second Christmas I had
not seen her in two years. Would she be
much changed, I wondered. Already I
had thought her grown.

  Now she was eighteen, and for Bois
Berard eighteen meant a woman in every
way. Often girls were married there at
sixteen. But of course Toinette would not
think of marrying.. Did she not have
Madame Alcide and myself? The idea
was ridiculous.

  To my surprize I found Toinette little
different at first. Save that she was now
undeniably grown, she seemed very much
the same. In the matter of looks she was
thoroughly convincing. One glance at her,
and my problem of the months before was

ROMANCE
JEAN TROUVE

57

definitely solved. Despite my prejudiced
eyes I knew that Monsieur Bonnemaison
had spoken truly.

  For a week Toinette was once more my
comrade of the marsh. Indeed, she seemed
to have become a girl again, as she fol-
lowed me about through field and forest.
Her delight at my cane was almost childish.
Each detail must be explained to her, while
she listened round-eyed with amazement.

  “Jean, Jean,” she would cry. “It is too
much. However did you do it?”

  In those days I felt immeasurably older
and wiser than Toinette. It was the con-
vent, I told myself. What else could one
expect after being shut in for all those
months.

  Later, when the crop had become a mat-
ter of course and Toinette had settled down
to the life of the woods, I began to have
certain misgivings. Perhaps my_first esti-
mate had been slightly wrong. Perhaps
Toinette had not been so childish as she
had appeared. She was so calm, so direct,
so quietly sure of herself. It was just pos-
sible that she had made the most of my
achievement.

  That would be like Toinette. Had she
not done the same thing when Papa Ton
had left me in charge?

  Gradually these doubts became a cer-
tainty. Gradually 1 came to know that
my twenty years were as nothing to
Toinette’s eighteen. If she had been shut
in, it had been to good purpose. During
those months she had gone far ahead of me
in every way.

  At this time I often recalled my days of
convalescence at Bayou Portage. In her
attitude Toinette seemed somehow to have
gone back to them. It was as if I had
become little Jean again and she had re-
commenced my instruction in the business
of life.

  Yet like little Jean I soon conquered
my resentment. Once more I set myself
to learn, and in learning I came to find
that Toinette and I had reached a new
perfection of companionship. Where be-
fore we had shared the present, we now had
the future together—a wonderful golden
future, impossible for the marsh.

  With Toinette this future meant a life
of teaching. From her first month at the
convent she had hoped for it, but it had
seemed too much. Now with the ending of
her third year she was almost sure. Al-

• ready she had taught the little children
successfully. The good sisters declared
that she had found her true vocation.

   All this Toinette told me in confidence,
exacting my promise that I would say noth-
ing of it to Madame Alcide.

  “Even now it is no more than a hope,
Jean,” she said to me. “Only after I have
finished can I be certain. Then it will be
time to tell Tante Aurore.

   “If I told her now and failed, I could
not stand it. Tante Aurore has been far
too good to me to risk such a thing. But
think of what it will mean, Jean. Think
of all those little ones seeking the chance
that I shall be able to give them.”

  This was Toinette grown. Always she
had been generous with the few good things
of her life. Now, having received this gift
of education, she found her chief joy in
her ability to share it with others.

  That was a long-remembered June.
Each of its sunlit days brought an added
contentment. Looking ahead, I saw only
the warm, drowsy peace of a perfect
Summer.

   Then a cloud appeared to mar this fair
horizon. •

CHAPTER X

THE WAY OF THE WORLD

RETURNING one afternoon from the
field, I found a visitor at Madame
Alcide’s. It was young Latour of St.
Pierre, and he sat upon the gallery, talking
to Toinette. Always mindful of his ap-
pearance, Latour was dressed with especial
care. His horse, tied to the rack in front,
represented the last word in grooming and
equipment.

   This much I saw at a glance, yet it told
me nothing. As the older Latour was a
wholesale dealer much favored by Mon-
sieur Bonnemaison, I concluded that he
had sent his son to the woods upon some
matter of business.

   Our greeting over, I waited for Latour
to make known his errand. This he seemed
little inclined to do, for after a few com-
monplace remarks he resumed his conver-
sation with Toinette.

   The talk now turned to that part of the
Summer when Toinette had visited her rel-
atives. Evidently the relatives had made
58

NE V I L G.

HENSHAW

much of this occasion. There had been
dances and other entertainments, to which
Latour had replied by giving a picnic of his
own.

  All this Toinette had told me, touching
upon it lightly. I had not been interested,
and she had quickly passed on to something
else. Now, assisted by Latour, she made it
the subject of an animated discussion.

  It was very gay and pleasant, yet I had
the uncomfortable feeling of being an out-
sider. Also I became painfully aware of
the roughness of my field-clothes. I wished
that I had come in from the back or that
Latour had waited until Sunday for his
visit. That was the day for calls anyhow.
Then you could be sure of meeting people
upon more equal terms.

  When finally I went into the house, I
considered Latour with a distinct sense of
injury. First he had fooled me in the
matter of his visit. Next he had made me
feel ashamed of my clothes.

  Later Madame Alcide invited Latour to
supper. When it was over, he delayed his
departure until moonrise. This time Ma-
dame Alcide took her place upon the gal-
lery, and the talk was both varied and
interesting.

  Nevertheless I felt that I had been
cheated. Certain things had occurred in
the field which I had wished to discuss with
Toinette. Now they would be overshad-
owed by the work of another day. It had
all been very tiresome and unsettling. As
Latour trotted off, I hoped that he would
take his own good time in coming again.

  Following his visit, Toinette had other
callers. Perhaps Latour had told the tale
of a pretty girl at Bois Berard. Perhaps,
knowing of it already, the others had
merely waited for him to set an example.
At all events the young men began to ride
in from St. Pierre and the prairie to spend
an hour or so upon Madame Alcide.’s front
gallery. As for Latour, his visits increased
until he seemed fairly to haunt the woods.

  Disturbed myself, I had expected Ma-
dame Alcide to be the same. In the well-
ordered life of her household there should
have been no place for these bothersome
strangers. Yet she accepted it all as a
matter of course. She even went farther
and discovered an advantage in the situa-
tion.

  “You see,” she would say to Toinette.
“We are not wholly uncivilized. Also it is

nice to receive your friends in your own
home.”

  Toinette I gave up in despair. It seemed
incredible that she should submit to so
stupid an experience. A little coldness
upon her part, and the callers would have
taken their attentions elsewhere. Then we
could have returned to our interrupted
companionship.

  But Toinette bore with it patiently. At
times she seemed genuinely pleased. Al-
ways she was so pleasant and cordial that
the callers made haste to return. Yet she
gave no hint of vanity. All her life she
had won attention. She accepted it as her
due.

  At this time I-suffered no pang of jeal-
ously. I was troubled, perplexed, dis-
gusted, perhaps, but my feelings went little
farther. True, I knew only too well what
this calling meant. Latour was deadly in
earnest, as were several of the others.

  Yet I viewed their efforts with a curious
mixture of pity and contempt. It seemed
wholly futile that these young men should
ride so far and so often for a girl who
would never have them.

  Sure of Toinette before, I was doubly
sure of her now. Did she not mean to
teach? Then how could she do so with a
home and family? The callers were merely
wasting their time. They might be a
nuisance, but I could find in them no cause
for apprehension.

  Thus I argued, fairly convinced that with
the passing of time these foolish intruders
would realize the hopelessness of their
quest. But for all my assurance they con-
tinued to intrude. Always they were rid-
ing and driving in, either to call or to take
Toinette to some entertainment outside.

  Mid-Summer found me thoroughly ex-
asperated. Toinette’s vacation was now
more than half over. Also it had devel-
oped into a constant source of irritation.
True, the callers spent many evenings
away, but I could never count upon them.

  At the very moment when I wanted them
least, they were certain to appear. If I
complained, Madame Alcide was quick to
remind me that Toinette was having a
good time. This was so, perhaps, but I
was having an exceeding]}' bad one.

  It did not occur to me that I might be
both stupid and selfish. I had been so
busy in store and field that I knew nothing
of even the crude social life of the woods.
JEAN TROUVE

50

I had paid no calls nor had I attended the
occasional balls and dances. Thanks to
Madame Alcide and her books, I had found
my amusement at home.

  Thus I was unable either to understand
or accept the inevitable outcome of Toin-
ette’s attractiveness. Instead I sulked and
gloomed like an ill-natured boy. It was all
so trifling and useless. Why could they
not leave Toinette alone?

 And next Summer it would be the
same. I knew that now. This much at
least had been hammered into me by the
persistency of the callers. It made no dif-
ference that Toinette did not intend to
marry. As long as she remained young and
pretty, she would be sought after.

  Added to these annoyances -was the talk
that went about. Ever eager for gossip,
the wood-folk made the most of Toinette’s
popularity. Each week brought some new
and startling rumor. Toinette had ac-
cepted Latour. She had made her choice,
but she would not announce it until the
day of her return to the convent. A dozen
times she was reported to have eloped, and
it was even said once that she was already
secretly married.

  That this talk was as silly as it was idle
I knew only too well, yet in due time it
had its effect. With every one predicting
Toinette’s speedy marriage, I began to
doubt my former convictions. The wood-
folk might be extravagant, but I had the
wit to know that in the main they were
discussing a very ordinary possibility.

  Other girls -married, leaving father and
mother. Why should not Toinette, an
orphan, do the same? True, there was
her plan to teach, and to it I clung with
the strength of despair. It remained for
Doctor Poussard to shatter this final hope.

  As loyal as he was punctilious, the little
doctor had taken no part in the gossip.
Always he had frowned upon it, uttering
a sharp reprimand whenever the talk ran
too freely at the store. Thug, when after
such an outburst we found ourselves alone,
he gave vent to his indignation.

  “Dieu, these tongue-waggers! ” he ex-
claimed. “Nothing is sacred to them, not
even a young girl’s name.”

  “That is so,” I agreed. “They think
that Toinette is like the rest. It is beyond
them to see that she will never marry.”

  It happened that Doctor Poussard was
engaged in arranging some goods upon a

shelf. I was thankful for this, for I knew
that he would reply without looking up.
Just then I was not anxious for the little
doctor’s regard. There had been an un-
spoken challenge in my words.

  Accepting my challenge, Doctor Pous-
sard made 'light of it.

  “Come, Jean, that is a good one,” he
joked. “Toinette never marry? You are
outgossiping the gossips.”

  “Just the same it is so,” I persisted
stubbornly.

  This time the little doctor looked up be-
fore replying. Evidently he wished to
make sure that I was in earnest. He spoke
firmly yet kindly, his tone suggesting in-
struction rather than argument.

  “No, Jean, you are wrong,” said he.
“Toinette will marry. The Toinettes of
this world always marry. They must do
so, if only to be let alone. You will be
lucky if she is 'unpromised a year from
now.”

  A question rushed to my lips, yet I could
not put it fairly. I could only utter a
vague compromise.	**

  “But what if a girl has—has plans?” I
demanded.

  At this the little doctor smiled, not in
mirth but with a stark bitterness that was
terrible to see.

  “Plans?” he echoed, and in his voice
there was the weariness of one who has
spanned the reach of endless barren years.
“Ah, yes, we all have plans. That is what
is -called ‘ambition.’ We strive and hope,
and then something comes along and we
find ourselves concerned only with the ne-
cessity to keep going.”

  He paused and suddenly he was the old
Doctor Poussard again, calm and gentle,
gravely resigned to the tyranny of life.

  “Plans will not do, Jean,” he finished.
“Each girl has plans until the right man
comes along.”

  Following this talk, I reached a state of
final desperation. Try as I might, I could
not doubt the little doctor. He had made
it all too unpleasantly plain.

  Toinette would marry. There could be
no doubt of that. Her ambition would be
forgotten once the right man came along.
And he would come. He always came.
Otherwise there would be few marriages
indeed.

  It was dreadful to think of losing
Toinette, but there seemed nothing that I
I

60	NE V I L G.

could do. It was life, nature, the way
of the world. One could not stand out
against such things. One could only accept
them, patiently if possible, like Doctor
Poussard.

  So I tormented myself through the
breathless days of August. Then, when
the Summer had all but burned itself away,
I had a sudden inspiration. In a flash I
saw a way out—a simple, easy way that
meant happiness for every one. Since
Toinette must marry, I would marry her
myself. That would settle the matter for
all time.

  Following the relief of this discovery
came a vast amazement at my blindness
and stupidity. It was incredible that I had
not thought of this before. Why, it was
only what I would have been forced to do
in course of time. Toinette and I were
not brother and sister. Once Madame
Alcide was gone, we could no longer live
together.

  And I had not considered this. Absorbed
in the store and my crop, I had blundered
along with never a thought of the future.
Now that I faced it, I was aghast at the
risk I had run.

  Madame Alcide was old. Toinette was
young and desirable. Should the one die,
the other marry, I would be left entirely
alone.

  This thought brought panic. What if I
was too late? What if Toinette had al-
ready given her promise? There were
Latour and the rest. They had been mak-
ing their try, while I in my ignorance had
looked on laughing.

  It was plain that I had played the fool,
yet like all who accomplish this feat I was
little inclined to accept the consequences
of my folly. If I had delayed, I would
make up for it with immediate action. I
promised myself that I would speak to
Toinette that very night.

CHAPTER XI

THE WAY OF TOINETTE

FORTUNATELY there was no caller
that evening, although, had one ap-
peared, his stay would have been brief. So
overwrought was I that I would have gone
to any length to be rid of him.

Yet for all this I did not speak to Toin-

HENSH A W

ette immediately after supper. Instead I
nursed my impatience until the sun was
well down below the forest-rim. Then,
when the woods were gray and shadowy
with the mystery of the twilight, I pre-
pared to act.

  “Come,” said I. “We will go as far as
the big oak.”

  Walking along with Toinette at my side,
I lost my fears for a sense of security. It
now seemed that I had been the victim of
my imagination.

  Toinette was so natural, so wholly her
usual self. Surely she could not be like
that unless she were heart-whole. She must
show the stress of a secret promise.

  Each moment my confidence increased.
I was in time, and I also felt that I was
entitled to a certain preferment. Even if
I were not the right man spoken of by
Doctor Poussard, I was at least the first
man in Toinette’s experience, and this
must count for something.

  So I went on, masking my thoughts be-
hind a chatter of small talk, until the vast
bulk of the big oak reared itself above its
lesser neighbors. Beyond the ground was
wet and boggy from the seepage of the
near-by marsh, so that there was nothing
for it but to turn back toward the settle-
ment. Facing about, I gripped my courage
hard.

  “Toinette,” I began, “you remember
that last day at the camp?”

  “Of course,” she replied. “How can I
ever forget it?”

  “Then you have not forgotten the meet-
ing at Tante Odile’s,” I went on. “You
wished to stay, and when madame declared
it impossible, you said that we would
marry and keep on as before. You remem-
ber this also?”

  “Yes,” answered Toinette. “I remem-
ber it well.”

  “And you meant it?”

  “As you know—every word.”

  “And now?” I questioned. “What if it
were to happen now? Would you say the
same and mean it?”

  Thus far Toinette had followed me with
the half-idle interest of one who discusses
a well-remembered past. Now at my last
words she turned upon me with a startled
swiftness that held almost a hint of fear.
“Come, Jean, what is it?” she demanded

“Do you mean-”

  “Yes, Toinette,” said I. answering her

MCE -
JEAN TROUVE

61

unspoken thought. “That is what I mean.
I want you to marry me.”

  For a space Toinette was silent as she
stared at me through the dusk. Having
spoken, I had looked away so that I could
catch no glimpse of her features. Yet I
knew that she stared. I could feel her
eyes pass over me like carefully searching
hands. ^Then came her voice, half-shy,
half-glad, yet having about it a quiet in-
sistence that was like a supplement to her
gaze.

  “But why, Jean?” she questioned.

  Had she spoken in some foreign tongue,
I would have found it easier to reply.
“Why indeed?” I asked myself. True, I
could have uttered some pretty speech but
I knew that Toinette was not asking for
pretty speeches. She wanted the truth.
And what was the truth? For the life of
me I could not say.

  “Why?” I echoed lamely. “Why does
any man ask a girl to marry him? Be-
cause he wishes her to be his wife.”

  “So,” said Toinette and turned abruptly
back again for all the world as if she had
been fully answered. Anxious and be-
wildered, I fell into step beside her.

  “Well?” I asked, after I had waited in
vain for her to speak. “What have you to
say, Toinette?”

  “Why, what can I say but ‘yes,’ Jean,”
she replied. “Am I not yours as I have
always been? Have we not belonged to
each other since that Christmas Eve when,
in spite of my warning, you cast your lot
with ours? You knew what it meant to
stay, yet you did not say no.. How can I
say ‘no’ now?”

  Though her voice was flat and dead, I
paid no heed. How could I know that it
was the weariness of disappointment?

  It was the memory of that Christmas
Eve, of course. Her thoughts had gone
back to a dark and bitter time. Then too
I was fully occupied with my own sense
of relief and satisfaction.

  “Then that is all right, Toinette,” said
I. “You have taken a load from my mind.
I have been worried, T can tell you.”

  Dim though the light was, I could catch
the puzzled look that came into Toinette’s
face.

  “Worried?” she questioned. “Why?”

  “It was Latour,” I explained, “Latour
and the rest.”

  “Ah,” exclaimed Toinette, and now she

was quick and eager. “Then you were
jealous, Jean?”

  “Perhaps,” I answered vaguely. “I do
not know.”

  “But if it was M’sieu Latour and the

rest-”

  She broke off and added smiling—
“Those boys!* It was foolish of you,
Jean.”

  “Just the same I was worried,” I went
on doggedly. “I feared that you might
marry. And what would become of me
then if anything happened to madame?’’
Toinette considered this for what seemed
a very long time.

  “I see,” said she finally. “Then it is not
so much that you wish to marry me as that
you do not wish me to marry some one
else?”

  This was rather complex for one in my
state of mind.

  “No,” I struggled, “it is not that.”

  “Then what is it?” persisted Toinette
mercilessly.

  “Dieu,” I exploded, at the end of my re-
sources. “I am all mixed up. I want you,
Toinette. That is all I know.”

  By now we had reached the clearing that
bordered that end of the settlement. Just
ahead loomed the vague outline of the little
store, dark and deserted since the flight of
Monsieur Dugas. Beyond the cabin lights
stood out against the dusk like soft re-
flections of the stars.

  Wc were almost back again, yet I did not
halt. Instead I pushed blindly forward
until Toinette, swinging in before me, laid
a detaining hand upon my shoulder. Then
came her other hand, and her eyes,
troubled and penitent, looked into mine.

  “Jean, Jean,” she pleaded. “You must
not go back like this. Why, it is almost a
quarrel, the first that we have ever had.
If I have teased you, I am sorry. But you
were so serious, Jean. Now we will =.it
down and you will tell me what you do
mean—that is, if you know yourself.”
Releasing me, she seated herself upon
one of the many stumps that dotted the
clearing. She had finished lightly, yet her
attitude was one of tenseness. I noticed
that her hands were tightly clasped as I
dropped down beside her

  “Now we will start all over again, Jean,”
she began. “You wish to marry me?”

  “As I have said.”

  “And you love me?”
62	NEV1L G.

  “Of course.”

  “But you have not told me so.”

  “Why should I, when you know it so
well?”

  “True,” muttered Toinette, and in the
pause that followed she relaxed, unclasping
her hands.

  “Well?” I urged, after I had waited,
plucking at the grass.

  Coming to herself with a little start,
Toinette threw out her hands.

“But how can we, Jean?” she demanded.
“It is something to dream of, that is all.”
Here was complexity with a vengeance.
Brief though it was, I had been unable to
solve Toinette’s reverie.

  “You mean—” I began.

  “Jean, Jean,” she interrupted. “Can you
not see? Have you not thought? Do you
imagine that there is nothing to all this
save your question and my answer? There
are a dozen things that make it impossible.
Why, I am not even out of the convent.”

  “I had thought of that,” said I. “I can
wait.”

  “Then there is my teaching.”

  “That also can be arranged.”

  “And your cane, Jean. What of that?
You have just started, and you are doing
well. How would it be with a wife?”

  This obstacle I paused to consider, since
it bulked far larger in my eyes than In
those of Toinette herself. How, indeed,
would it be with a wife? If I were to keep
on as I had planned, each penny that I
could scrape and save must go toward the
crop. I would be hard put to it to look out
for myself. And what if I had poor luck?
Cane is tricky. With a bad year I might
easily find myself in debt.

  The fact that I had overlooked this only
rendered my position the harder. To my
shame was added a feeling of helplessness.
Here I was insisting upon Toinette’s marry-
ing me, when I was not even sure that I
could support a wife.

  Evidently Toinette was more proficient
than myself in the matter of solving
reveries.

  “You see,” she observed. “We must be
free for a while. Otherwise we can not go
ahead. We have our chance, Jean, and we
must make the most of it. We must not
think of marrying now.”

  This seemed true enough. Following
Toinette’s reasoning, I found that I had no
particular desire for an immediate marriage

HENSHAW

myself. All my thoughts and hopes were
fixed upon my plans for the future. Once
they were realized, it would, he time to
think of settling down.

  “You are right, Toinette,” I agreed. “I
have gone too fast. But I was worried, and
I did not think.”

Toinette accepted this with a smile, half-
rising from her stump. It was only too
plain that for her the discussion was ended.
“Bien, Jean,” said she. “Yet you worried

for nothing. Those boys-”

  She broke off abruptly, realizing her mis-
take, but already it was too late. With her
words had returned the trials of that Sum-
mer to drive all thoughts of prudence from
njy mind.

  What was my cane compared to the tor-
ment of the Summer to come? With
Toinette free of the convent it would be
worse than ever. There would be no peace
for me, no rest. Always I would be think-
ing of what the little doctor had said.

  It was too much. I could not stand it.
We must marry and take our chance. And
yet, even as I sprang to my feet, my mood
held far less of jealousy than of final ex-
asperation.

  “Wait,” began Toinette, but her words
were lost in the violence of my outburst.

  “No,” I cried. “I can not wait. We
must settle this here and now. Either you
will marry me or refuse me. There is no
other way.”

  In what followed, Toinette acted with a
swiftness that told of impulse rather than
thought. Indeed, I was hardly conscious
that she had risen, before her hands were
upon my shoulders again". This time they
gripped me fiercely, while in the eyes up-
turned to mine was a look of quiet purpose
such as I had not seen there before.

  “No, Jean,” said she. “There is a way.
Even though we should not marry and you
can not wait, there is still this way, if only
you can trust me.”

  There could be but one answer to this.
“Trust you?” I echoed. “If I do not
trust you, whom else can I trust?”

  “So,” said Toinette. “Then I give you
my solemn promise that I will marry no
one but yourself. Surely you will be will-
ing to wait with that.”

  Again I was reduced to a single answer.
Toinette had won. Yet, as I considered
her offer, I did not feel that I had lost.

nce -—
JEAN TROUVE

Come what might, I could count upon
Toinette to be as good as her given word.

  “That may do,” I gave in grudgingly.

  And I added after a moment—

  “Then we are betrothed?”

  Toinette’s smile was enigmatic.

  “Perhaps.” she replied. “Who can say?
At all events we understand each other.”

  Dropping her hands, she went on more
seriously:

  “But we must keep it to ourselves for the
present, Jean. Othenvise it would be
foolish. No one must know, not even
Tante Aurore.”

  The wisdom of this could not be gain-
said. Indeed, when I considered Madame
Alcide’s inevitable opinion of our agree-
ment, my sensations were rather those of a
naughty boy than of an accepted suitor.

  “Of course,” I consented hastily. “You
can count upon me to say nothing.”

  After this there fell rather an awkward
silence which lasted more or less through-
out our return to the settlement. At the
moment there seemed nothing to talk about.
Having exhausted the present, we had ar-
rived at a future far too indefinite to be of
any particular interest.

  Aside from this I was in no mood for
speech. Just then I was experiencing the
dazed confusion of one who has revolved
rapidly in a mental circle.

  Toinette had been too quick for me. So
swiftly had she passed from one phase of
the affair to another that I was still rather
uncertain as to what had actually occurred.
I felt that, if left to myself, it would all
gradually straighten itself out in my mind.
Therefore I was only too glad when, upon
reaching the house, Madame Alcide de-
clared that we had walked half the night,
and promptly hurried us off to bed.

  Later in the privacy of my room, I
pieced together the events of the evening.
The result, while promising a satisfactory
conclusion, was far from gratifying. In-
deed, I could only feel that, considered as
a proposal, my effort had proved a pitiful
failure.

  Not only did it lack the joy and ardor
demanded by such an occasion. It was
even devoid of the usual pleasant aftercon-
sequences of announcement and congrat-
ulation.

  In my musings of the afternoon I had
spent some time in considering how I might
best break the news to Bois Berard. Now

there would be no news to break. Mon-
sieur Bonnemaison would not pound me
jovially upon the back. The little doctor
would not shake me gravely by the hand.

  And, worst of all, I was denied the
pleasure of sending Latour and his friends
about their business. True, I was now as-
sured that their efforts were useless, but
this mattered little when they did not know
it themselves.

  When at last I dropped off to sleep, it
was with a most uncomfortable sense of
defeat. Somehow I felt as if Toinette had
tricked me.

  Next day, being wholly dissatisfied, I
waylaid Toinette and demanded a read-
justment of the situation. This she re-
fused, declining even to discuss the matter.
It was all settled, she declared. There was
no need to go into it again.

  Throughout this brief interview Toinette
was both gentle and patient, but she was
also very firm. Afterward she kept me at
arm’s length, merely replying with a smile
and a shrug to my frequent demands as to
whether we were really betrothed.

  I will never forget those few remaining
weeks of Toinette’s vacation. In their un-
certainty and bewilderment they were
worse even than the ones that had gone
before. It was almost a relief when they
finally ended and Toinette drove back to
the convent again. I missed her, but with
her departure I managed to regain some
part of my peace of mind.

  Then came the Fall to turn my thoughts
to the all-important matter of grinding.

CHAPTER XII

MONSIEUR BONNEMAISON REVEALS HIMSELF

THAT year the taking off of the crop
occupied my entire attention. It was
a splendid crop, if not quite the equal of
my first one, and, thanks to the increase
of acreage, it promised an excellent profit.
As a consequence Monsieur Bonnemaison
was little inclined to take any risks in the
matter of its disposal.

  “You must be with it from the cutting
of the first stalk to the weighing of the final
cart, Jean,” said he. “Also I will give you
what help I can. This is the important
year, and we must make the most of our

NCE
t>4

N E V I L G.

HENSHAW

opportunity. Once we have done so, our
success is assured.”

  It was significant that Monsieur Bonne-
maison spoke in the plural. However, he
had declared his attitude some time before.
All through the Summer he had been about
the field, watching the crop with an ever
increasing interest.

  In addition he had discussed the growing
of cane with all of the enthusiasm that he
had formerly bestowed upon his cherished
politics. In brief, Monsieur Bonnemaison
had been quietly fitting himself for the pro-
fession of agriculture. His “our success”
was merely his way of informing me that
he had now reached a stage where he felt
justified in sharing our joint responsibility.

   His offer of assistance I accepted eagerly.
I had hoped for it, nor indeed could I have
done very well without it. In the art of
managing men Monsieur Bonnemaison was
a master. During the trials of the Spring
he had proved this upon more than one
occasion.

  “I thank you, m’sieu,” said I. “It is
good of you, especially your offer to help.
But what of the store?”

  “We can leave that to Poussard,”
answered Monsieur Bonnemaison. “If
necessary I will find him a clerk.”

  He paused as if in thought, while his
smile took on a touch of whimsicality.

  “It is curious about the store,” he added.
“It was once my world. Beyond it and my
home I had nothing in view. But that was
before I had looked about me.”

  Thus Doctor Poussard achieved the
seventh heaven of being left wholly in
charge. It was a tremendous event for
him, and his pride was only equaled by his
sense of responsibility. However, as he
had conducted the business alone through-
out the greater part of the Summer, his
position was little changed save for the
generous increase that Monsieur Bonne-
maison saw fit to make in his wages.

  This arrangement, although highly sat-
isfactory to the little doctor and myself,
placed me in what I conceived to be an
irregular position. Now that I had aban-
doned my work at the store, I could hardly
consider myself in Monsieur Bonnemaison’s
employment. As a consequence I felt that
I was no longer entitled to my former pay.

  Monsieur Bonnemaison, however, made
short work of this fine-spun theory. I was
in his employment, he declared. He had

not dismissed me, and until he did so, I
was under his orders. If he chose to put
me in the field instead of the store, that
was his affair.

  This was true as far as it went, but be-
ing young and disposed to take a high
stand in the matter,.* I accused Monsieur
Bonnemaison of padding his pay-roll in
order to gratify his generosity. Thereupon
he ceased his blustering and for the first
time allowed me a glimpse of the far-seeing
shrewdness that lay forever ambushed be-
hind his smile.

  “Are you blind, Jean?” he chided me.
“Must I show you everything? But then
I was blind myself. Like you I stuck in
one place. My eyes were opened only
through the politics, the talk outside.”

  He paused, checked by his usual cau-
tion, and when he went on, it was with a
restraint that only lessened before his ever
increasing interest. .

  “You spoke of the store,” he continued.
“As I have said, it was once my world.
Now compare it with this new world of
mine, a world of cane reaching from here
to the refineries of St. Pierre. You may
think this too much, but I tell you that it
will come. Also it will not be in one great
plantation or a dozen but in a hundred
scattered farms.”

  He broke off, and one of his short arms
went out as if to point a vision actually be-
fore us.

  “You see, Jean? You see?” he de-
manded.

  I saw, but it was not the vision of my
dreams. Always they had shown me the
broad acres of the planter.

  “It is something to think of, but it will
also be something to manage, m’sieu,” said
I. “How will you see after a hundred scat-
tered farms?”

  Before replying, Monsieur Bonnemaison
looked at me as if to make sure that I was
not joking.

  “Dieu, Jean,” he exclaimed. “You are
blinder than I thought. Can you see
nothing but your crop? It is not the cane
or even the farms. They are nothing. It
is the land that counts, those acres out
there that have been good only for cattle
to walk over. What will they be worth
when we have proved that they can make
the best of cane?”

  I saw now. but dimly. It was not easy
to grasp it. The prairie was like the ocean.
JEAN TROUVE

It gave one the impression of an endless
expanse.

  “Then you mean—” I began.

  “Most certainly,” interrupted Monsieur
Bonnemaison.

  And he added, reading my thoughts with
the ease of one scanning a printed page:
“Yes, there is a lot of it, Jean. Even now
I am not sure of my own acreage.”

  With his words came a new conception,
a conception so fabulous that I almost
feared to put it to the test of speech.

  “But, m’sieuI faltered. “Madame Al-
cide—she also has hundreds of acres-”

  ‘Rubbing his fat hands with relish, Mon-
sieur Bonnemaison uttered an undeniable
chuckle. Despite my denseness he had at
last driven home the point of his joke.

  “Of course, Jean,” said he. “Your
madame will be rich some day, and all
through you. At first I was like yourself,
I saw only the cane. Then I began to look
ahead. After your first year I was almost
sure. Now I know. It may take time, but
it will come. Good land is good land. You
have only to make folk see.”

  As he finished, Monsieur Bonnemaison’s
face flushed suddenly crimson. At the time
I thought this the result of his vehemence.
Now I know that he had just begun to
realize the extent to which he had revealed
himself. Yet it was proof of his fondness
for me that, having done so, he allowed me
to remain in his confidence. In all that
followed his attitude was that of the part-
ner rather than of the employer.

  Just now, however, he returned to the
latter role.

  “Bien, Jean,” said he bruskly. “Let us
have no more talk of unearned pay. I am
playing for my greatest stake and you are
my best card. You will do well to remem-
ber this.”

  Following Monsieur Bonnemaison’s dis-
closure I attacked my work with an eager-
ness that was tempered by an acute sense
of responsibility. It was now no longer
a question of my future, but of Madame
Alcide’s. If I failed, I could start again.
For her it was the last chance of prosperity.
Like Lafitte, Alcide Berard had left his
treasure underground. It remained for me
to bring it to the-light of day.

  If I did so, what a joy it would be!
Why, it would mean that I had made some
return to Madame Alcide for her ceaseless
care and affection. Repayment, even of

the slightest, would be a supreme satisfac-
tion.

  Although no mention had been made of
the matter, I knew that my work at the
store was definitely ended. Next year we
would again increase our acreage, and al-
ready my employer was considering a
scheme of small separate crops to be
worked upon the tenant-system.

  This meant a heavy increase of duty, for
Monsieur Bonnemaison, although wholly
admirable as an executive, was of little use
in the field. It was plain that I would have
all, and perhaps more, than I would well
attend to.

  Evidently Monsieur Bonnemaison was
not without an appreciation of the task
ahead of me, for soon after our talk he
sent word to the field one afternoon that he
must see me immediately at the store.
Upon arriving there, I found him busily
engaged in inspecting a bunch of ponies
that had been driven in by a rider from
the prairie. They were small wiry ponies
of a type frankly Cajun, yet even to my un-
trained eyes they showed the results of care-
ful breeding.

  “Well?” questioned Monsieur Bonnemai-
son. “What do you think of them? They
are from old Lalandre.”

  After this there was no room for crit-
icism, even had I been capable of it. The
horses of Cyprien Lalandre, the patriarch
of the prairie, were in a class by themselves.

  “They are beauties, all of them, m’sieu,’’
said I enthusiastically. “Any choice will
be a wise one.”

  “True,” agreed Monsieur Bonnemaison.
“Yet there must always be a preference.
Come, Jean, what do you say?”

  Thus questioned, I considered the ponies
until finally I decided upon a tough little
sorrel with markings of white about the
head and forelegs.

  “Bien,” said Monsieur Bonnemaison, and
called the rider into the store, from which
he presently emerged to tie the sorrel to the
rack in front.

  “This is Rouge,” he announced before
trotting away with his remaining charges.

  Only waiting for him to start, I prepared
to follow his example. I was both puzzled
and irritated by this unexpected summons.
That Monsieur Bonnemaison should buy a
new pony was all very well and good. That,
however, he should call me in to make a
choice for him was a different matter. I

ROMANCE 1---
66

NEVIL G. HENSHAW

knew little of horses, and just then the work
in the field was particularly pressing.

  “If you are through with me, m’sieu, I
will go back again,” said I. “There is
much to be done before sunset.”

  Answering my tone, Monsieur Bonne-
maison made a gesture of mock despair.

  “Jean, you are hopeless,” he cried. “Do
you imagine that I sent for you on account
of your knowledge of horseflesh? Come,
use the sense that you show in other things.
Here I have given you the pick of old La-
landre’s best, and you have not the wit to
see it.”

  For a moment I was unable to reply. All
along I had desired a horse of my own.
Only the stern necessities of my crop had
prevented me from buying one months be-
fore. True, I had had the use of Monsieur
Bonnemaison’s animal, but he was a pon-
derous beast, ill-adapted to the saddle.

  “P’or me, m’sieu?” I linallv managed to
ask. “For me?”

  "Of course,” smiled Monsieur Bonnemai-
son. “Also you need not thank me, since
I am merely adding to our equipment. And
now come inside for a saddle and bridle.
The sooner you choose them, the quicker
you can ride back to the field again.”

  Thus I came into possession of Rouge,
whose equal I have yet to mount. True,
he was often uncertain of temper. True
also that despite every effort he remained
unbroken to harness. These deficiences
were but the proof of his breeding. With-
out them he would not have been a Cajun
pony.

  For the rest, he lacked no single virtue
of his kind. He was swift, he was willing,
and his gaits lacked the usual pounding.
In addition he seemed tireless. Though
the road be long and the going heavy, his
last mile was ever like his first one.

  During the first flush of my gratitude I
had determined to abolish the rather ob-
vious Rouge in favor of the given name of
my employer. But this Monsieur Bonne-
maison refused to allow.

  “But you can not do it,” he objected.
“He is already named. He is Rouge just
as he is a horse. It is impossible.”

  Accordingly Rouge retained his original
litle, nor in afterdays did I greatly regret
this arrangement. For, being blissfully ig-
norant of a sardonic future, Monsieur
Bonnemaison’s parents had seen fit to
christen him “Narcisse.” -

  Thanks to my employer’s foresight, I
now found little difficulty in looking after
our crop. Mounted upon Rouge, it was
an easy matter to follow the work in all
parts of the field. Yet with the arrival of
grinding I soon saw that it would be im-
possible for me to accompany the carts to
the island. For us it was a large crop, and
the labor was uncertain. Only through
constant supervision could I be certain of
the cutting and loading.

  Accordingly we decided upon a division
of labor. I would keep to the field and take
off the crop. Joe Vital, promoted now to
the position of head teamster, would attend
to its hauling. At the island Monsieur
Bonnemaison would look after the weights’
and prices and the various other matters
pertaining to its disposal.

   These latter duties were of a sort to ap-
peal directly to the genius of Monsieur
‘Bonnemaison. From the first he evidenced
a wholly unconcealed delight in them. Each
morning he drove off with the first of the
carts.' Each afternoon he stopped at the
field to report the day’s proceedings.

   “It is the best of all, this cane,” he would
exclaim enthusiastically. “It is making a
young man of me. I can not understand
how I spent all those years behind my
counter.”

  Of the general he spoke often, for the
two had found a meeting-ground in the dis-
cussion of cane and politics.

   “He is a sharp one, M’sieu the General,”
Monsieur Bonnemaison would declare. "As
a planter he is an expert, and he has also
told me some things about the police jury
of which I had never so much as dreamed.
I am only waiting for the next meeting.
Believe me, there are one or two members
who have a surprize in store for them.”
And he would add as often as not:
“M’sieu the General is pleased with our
effort. He says that we have done well,
yourself in particular! Indeed, he has more
than once inquired about you. This means
something, Jean. The good-will of such a
man will go far to help us.”

  Later, when the crop was oft' and grind-
ing over, he became more explicit.

  “You are lucky, Jean,” said he one day
when talking of the island. “M’sieu the
General seems to have taken a real interest
in you. Now that I think of it, he has
asked everything about you. Not all at
once, of course, but from time to time. It

 R OMANCE
JEAN XROUVE

67

is only since.I have considered his ques-
tions together that I have realized their
completeness.”

  This should have given me something to
think of, but at the time 1 was absorbed in
our plans for the coming year. Again the
prairie-crop had proved a success, and
Monsieur Bonnemaison was preparing to
branch out in a truly startling manner.

  Not only had he decided to plant the
last possible acre on his own account. He
was already arranging a number of small
crops upon his proposed tenant-system.

  All this meant a tonnage of cane beyond
the capacity of the general’s antiquated
mill. On the other hand, the long haul to
the refineries of St. Pierre would prove pro-
hibitive. Monsic-ur Bonnemaison, however,
seemed little annoyed by the difficulties of
this situation.

  “Wait and see,” he had replied, when I
pointed them out to him. “Is there not a
railroad on the prairie, and am I not a
member of the police jury? All I ask is
that you grow the cane, Jean. I will guar-
antee that it gets to the mill.”

  Accordingly I had found no lack of work
with the end of grinding. From dawn to
dark I was in the saddle, arranging the de-
tails of this sudden expansion. Many acres
of the prairie must be examined with an
eyes to cultivation.

  Also there was the fresh accumulation of
teams and carts and implements. For these
I went to St. Pierre, so that I soon became
a familiar figure upon the streets of the
town.

  And there one day I ran across Le Bossu,
seeing him for the first time since his visit
to the woods. We met upon the street, and
the little man’s delight and satisfaction
were only equaled by my own.

  “Jean, Jean,” he cried as he gripped me.
“So we have come together at last. All
along we have been dodging each other like
boats in a fog. And now we will have some
coffee, and you will tell me all about
Toinette and yourself. Dieu! It warms
mv heart to be with you again.”

  We sat long over the coffee-cups while I
gave Le Bossu my news, telling him of all
that had occurred save my betrothal. And
this, in my joy of seeing him, I would have
confided as well, had it not been for my
promise to Toinette.

  Afterward the little man spoke briefly of
himself. He had enjoyed the swamp. In-

deed, once he had become accustomed to it,
he had found it hard to leave. Since get-
ting back, it had been the usual thing, and
just now he was outfitting for an expedition
to White Lake. Yes, it was far, but that
was to be expected. One had to travel
these days for good skins.

  This time Le Bossu’s farewell was more
comforting.

  “Good-by for a little while, Jean,” said
he at parting. “With the end of the sea-
son I will be back again. And you say
that Toinette leaves the convent this year?
Bien! You may tell her that despite my
neglect she will see me then.”

  Thus with these various distractions I
paid scant heed to Monsieur Bonnemaison’s
talk of the general. If my grandfather had
developed a sudden interest in me, it was
no affair of mine. Our relationship had
been definitely established upon the occa-
sion of our first meeting. Five minutes
after Monsieur Bonnemaison had spoken to
me, his words were completely forgotten.

  As a consequence, I was wholly unpre-
pared for an event that occurred near the
end of Winter. Riding into St. Pierre one
morning upon a matter of business, I was
handed a note by Monsieur Gajan, the
dealer from whom I bought my implements.
Of the source of the note Monsieur Gajan
knew nothing. He could only say that it
had been left at his place for delivery.

  Having read the note, which requested
that I call at once on Judge Cestia upon a
matter of importance, I had still no sus-
picion. For, as St. Pierre’s leading lawyer,
Judge Cestia had more than once looked
after the interests of Monsieur Bonnemai-
son.

  Setting out in answer to his summons, I
decided that it merely concerned some
fresh ramification upon the part of my em-
ployer.

CHAPTER XIII

  AN INTERVIEW WITH JUDGE CESTIA

AS BECAME one of his position, Judge
Cestia occupied the entire lower floor
of a small brick building near the court-
house. In front was a waiting-room fur-
nished with the usual chairs and table and
an orderly array of leather-backed volumes.
Beyond this room and connected with it by

       --ROMANCE
 (>8

NEVIL G. HENSHAW

means of a heavy door was the private
office in which the judge considered the

affairs of his various clients.

  Upon arriving in the waiting-room, I
was received by a clerk to whom I gave niv
name, adding that as I was very busy,-I
should like to see the judge as soon as pos-
sible. Having looked me over with evident
dissatisfaction, the clerk replied that the
judge was busy also and I could come back
in the afternoon.

  Thereupon I thought of my note, which
produced an immediate and satisfactory
effect. One glance at it, and the clerk had
popped into the inner office. A moment
later he popped out again, requesting with
the utmost politeness that I step inside.

  Had I been versed in the way of law-
offices, I might have been impressed by
this sudden change of front. As it was, I
merely congratulated myself upon not de-
stroying the note and passed in all inno-
cence into the other room.

  Here were more leather-backed volumes,
lining the walls and overflowing on to a
large flat-topped desk at which the judge
was waiting to receive me.

  He was a small dapper man, very care-
ful as to his dress and the waxing of his
pointed white mustache. For the rest, in
the sauve assurance of his gaze, in the fine-
ly modulated tones of his voice, he was the
very embodiment of the twin legal virtues
of discretion and persuasion. One had but
to look at Judge Cestia to know that he was
discreet. One had only to hear him speak
to realize the impossibility of refusing him.

  As I entered, the judge bowed courteous-
ly and then looked beyond me to where his
clerk was shutting the door. This accom-
plished, he turned back to me in swift
apology.

  “Pardon,” said he in French. “It is
necessary that the door be properly closed.
Otherwise it is not sound-proof.”

  Motioning me to a chair he added—

  ‘•You are Monsieur Marsh, of course?”

  I was startled and I showed it. I could
see Judge Cestia’s eyebrows go up in ac-
knowledgment of my confusion.

  ‘•No, m’sieu,” I replied. “I am afraid
that you have made a mistake. I am Jean
T rouve.”

  The judge considered this, twisting a
point of his mustache.

  “I see,” said he finally. “Then I will put

my question in a different manner. Were
you not at one time John Marsh?”

  This could not be denied. In addition
my curiosity was now thoroughly aroused.

  “Yes, m’sieu,” I answered promptly.

  “Then you are the grandson of General
Marsh, of Marsh Island?”

  “I was at that time, m’sieu.”

  Dismissing this distinction with a shrug,
the judge .settied back in his chair.

  “Very good,” .said he. “We can now go
ahead with the business in hand. But be-
fore doing so, I must'tell you that it is an
affair of the utmost delicacy. For this rea-
son I addressed you at Gajan’s rather than
through the mail. I am sure that I can rely
upon you to keep what is said here between
ourselves?”

  “Of course, m’sieu.”

  “Very good,” repeated the judge and fell
abruptly silent, as if marshaling his
thoughts.

  It was evident that, to him at least, the
forthcoming disclosure was one of consid-
erable importance.

  “To begin with, there are certain points
to be established,” he resumed after a mo-
ment. “Once you have considered them
and fixed them in your mind, you will the
more readily grasp the full meaning of my
proposal.

  “In the first place your grandfather. Gen-
eral Marsh, is growing old. In the second
he is possessed of a very considerable es-
tate. Tn the third he has no heirs beyond
some distant cousins. In the fourth, not
only are you his grandson, but he has had
some very good reports of you. These are
the points to which I referred. I have made
them clear to you?”

  “Save in one respect,” I answered. “If
General Marsh wishes me to know these
things, why does he not tell me of them
himself?”

  To me it seemed a perfectly natural ques-
tion. Nevertheless the judge was visibly
disturbed. It was not often that he was
forced to submit to so direct and brutal an
attack upon his discretion.

  “Pardon,” said he, “but you do not ap-
preciate my position. As a lawyer I am
not the master but the servant of my
clients. They come to me with certain de-
mands which I can only put into execution.
It is not for me to question them as to their
motives.”

  To this T renlied with a nod, for by now

ROMANCE
JEAN TROUVE	6q

my thoughts were elsewhere. I knew what/
was coming and in knowing it I was filled
with a vast and bitter resentment.

  Evidently the judge misunderstood my
nod, for he leaned forward in his chair to
smile at me. It was a friendly, comforting,
half-patronizing smile, plainly intended to
set me at my ease.

  “Be assured,” it seemed to say. “What
if great affairs are afoot? Am I not here
to attend to them?”

  Then Judge Cestia spoke, very quietly,
almost solemnly, yet with an effectiveness
that was a triumph of repression.

  “Monsieur,” said he, “it is my pleasure
to inform you that General Marsh has de-
cided to make you his heir. Not only this,
but he requests you to come to him at
Marsh Island. There you will take your
proper place as his grandson.”

  He paused, glancing at me as if in expect-
ation of another nod, but this time I was
ready for him. Also, if in reply I answered
him shortly, it was with no intention of
giving offense. Put into words, the gen-
eral’s offer had further infuriated me by
what I considered its calm effrontery.

  He was a cool one, my grandfather.
First he had driven me off when, helpless
and alone, I had applied for his protection.
Now, being in need of an heir and finding
me better suited to his taste, he was order-
ing me back by means of his lawyer.

  “M’sieu,” said I, “I have heard your pro-
posal, and here is my answer. You may
tell the general that I have already found
my proper place. Also that I intend to
keep it.”

  That Judge Cestia expressed no surprize
at this curt refusal was significant. Evi-
dently he had been prepared for it. Still
leaning forward in his chair, he surveyed
me with a look in which was a curious
blending of pity and distaste. His atti-
tude was that of a connoisseur who ob-
serves the wilful rejection of some rare and
priceless possession.

  “So, monsieur,” said he. “Then you re-
fuse to consider the matter?”

  “I have considered it,” I replied. “Were
I to think over it a month, my answer
would be the same.”

  At this he eyed me with sudden suspicion.
“If you think that you have any claim.”
he began. “Your father married under age
and without consent-”

  He broke off, as if reassured by my look,
and went on in liis former tone:

  “Come, monsieur. You must be reason-
able. At least you will admit that we are
not discussing a trifle. Therefore you can
hardly put me off with a word.”

  “True,” I agreed. “Yet what else can I
say? It must be either yes or no, and I
have already said ‘no.’ If you wish my

reasons-”

  The judge held up his hand. Also he
now abandoned his formal “monsieur.”
Thus he subtly indicated the gulf that must
ever exist between a prospective John
Marsh and an obdurate jean Trouve.

  “No, my friend, no reasons,” said he.
“They relate to events long past and for-
gotten. Our business is with the present.”

  “So you know?” I questioned.

  “I do,” he replied. “It is my business
to know. Therefore I can assure you that
my reasons, which relate to your accept-
ance, are the only ones of consequence.
Come, let us consider them. You are in-
terested in cane, are you not?”

  “I am, m’sieu.”

  “You desire to become a planter?”

  “I do, m’sieu.”

  “You have begun at the bottom?”

  “As you say, m’sieu.”

  “You have visited the fields at Marsh
Island?”

  “Several times, m’sieu.”

  “What do you think of them?”

  “I have seen none better, m’sieu.”
Throughout this questioning the judge
had held me with the fixity of his gaze.
Now all of a sudden he relaxed to survey
me with the easy smile of one who has re-
tired from some swift and simple victory.

  “Well?” he demanded. “What more can
you ask? You are after cane, and what do
I offer you? Only a place at the top upon
land which you yourself declare to be of
the best. In addition you acquire a name,
a position unequaled in this parish.”

  Opening a drawer of his desk, he drew
from it a sheet of paper.

  “You may see for yourself,” he added,
as he held it out to me.

  Taking the paper, I read its few lines of
precise penmanship which announced that
a certain unnamed testator bequeathed and
devised his entire estate to his grandson,
John Marsh. Save for the omission of date
and signature, it was the usual brief \
Louisiana will.
7o	N E V I L G.

  “This, of course, is a copy,” explained
the judge. “The original is in the posses-
sion of General Marsh. He will sign it im-
mediately upon your coming to him. For
the rest, you hold your future there in
your hand. You are lucky, my friend. Few
are offered such a chance.”

  He broke off, leaving me to’ the fascina-
tion of the will. And well might he do so.
since it held for me the most tantilizing of
prizes. I could see those broad, fertile
acres sloping down to the old-fashioned
mill. They were unequaled. They were
ideal. All along they had stood for the
height of achievement. And now I held
them in my hand.

  Watching me, the judge resumed his
easy smile.

  “Well?” he questioned.

  “I do not know, m’sieu” I replied. “It
is all as you say, and yet-”

  “And yet you might do as well with
Bonnemaison?” he finished for me.

  “Perhaps so,” said I. “He has been very
kind.”

  “Of course,” agreed the judge. “Bonne-
maison is a good man. Any one will tell
you that. But is he the man for you? He
has told me of his plan of a hundred scat-
tered farms, of a switch from the railroad
linking the farms with the refineries of St.
Pierre. This may come, but if it does, you
will not be a planter. You will merely find
yourself Bonnemaison’s overseer.”

  This was true—so true, in fact, that it
served to confirm certain doubts of my own.
Ever since the day when Monsieur Bonne-
maison had disclosed his plans, I had con-
sidered them with growing uncertainty.

  I was for cane. Monsieur Bonnemaison
was for the land. Once he had established
his small farms, he would in all probability
cease planting upon his own account. Thus
I woufd have the choice of becoming his
manager or overseer or of going ahead by
myself.

  It would be hard to keep on alone. Now
that I. had tried it, 1 knew. Without back-
ing a single year might finish me. Also
I was filled with youthful impatience. At
best it would take a long time.

  Again I looked down at the paper in my
hand. Here was certainty- of success, a
future instantly achieved. It could be my
future for the saying of a word. Nay,
more—it could be Toinette’s as well. Had

HENSHAW

'S the right to deny her this? Had I the
reason ?

  One by one my objections had gone down
before the remorseless logic of Judge Cestia.
There remained only the memory of my
grandfather’s denial.

  Yet it was not easy to renounce this
memory. For years it had envenomed my
secret thoughts. Even now its bitterness
dulled the keen edge of my desire. As I
brooded upon it, the paper crackled be-
neath the clench of my hand.

   Observing this, Judge Cestia made a ges-
ture of reproof.

  “Look ahead, my friend,” he advised.
“It is not for you to trouble with the past.
That is the occupation of age.”

  So calm were his words, so utterly as-
sured, that only afterward did I realize that
I had not spoken my thoughts aloud.
“Just the same it is hard to forget,” I

declared. “To be kicked out-”

But the judge was weary of my groping.
“And what if you were kicked out?” he
demanded sharply. “That is long over and
done with, and your grandfather is doing
his best to make it up to you.”

  He paused, reaching for his mustache,
and added as if in afterthought—

  “When hurt as a child, were you ever
given something to dry your tears?”

  I recalled certain efforts of Madame
Therese.

   “Why j'es, m’sieu,” I replied.

  The judge’s hand came down with a
thump amid the papers of his desk.

   “Then here is the biggest something that
has ever been offered you,” he cried. “Stop
your whining and take it.”

  There was no withstanding Judge Cestia.
He knew everything. He even read one’s
thoughts. Of a sudden I felt very young
and foolish. I wondered at the presump-
tion that had caused me to hold out against
him.

  Then I thought of the future, of my be-
trothal, of the long, harassed period of wait-
ing that was inevitable if I kept on alone
at Bois Berard. I pictured Latour and his
fellow callers. I recalled the uncertainties
of that past vacation.

  One word, and all this would be forever
behind me. Established at Marsh Island,
I could marry Toinette as soon as her
studies were oyer. We could begin our
future together.

   Rising, I laid the paper upon the judge’s
JEAN TROUVE

71

desk very much as if it had been some doc-
ument of surrender.

  "Bien, m’sieu,” said I. “I accept your
offer. When does my grandfather wish me
to come to him?”

  Had I looked for any expression of grat-
ification upon the part of Judge Cestia, I
would have been sorely disappointed. But
then there was small cause for the judge
to be gratified. Having been sure from
the first, he had looked upon my wavering
as a waste of valuable time.

  True, he resumed his “monsieur,” but
this was merely in token of my changed
estate. It was in just such delicate points
of formality that the judge excelled.

  “Very good, monsieur,’’ said he. “Then
we may consider the matter as settled. As
for your going to your grandfather, the
sooner the better. Winter is all but over
and Spring planting will soon begin.”
“But there is my employer,” I objected.
“I can not leave him all at once.”

  “Bonnemaison will understand,” began
the judge, but I broke in on him with an
idea that had suddenly occurred to me.

  “How would it be if I went to the island
and looked out for M’sieu Bonnemaison
from there?” I questioned. “It is not so
far, and I can manage it until some one
is found to take my place.”

  The judge was almost brusk in his dis-
missal of -this plan.

  “That would not do at all,” said he ve-
hemently. “General Marsh would not
understand. Neither would he approve.”
He paused and added in the calmer tone
of explanation:

  “You see, monsieur, you are about to
make a great change. Once you leave the
woods, you are done with them forever.
You must consider your new life and forget
the old one. The two will not mix. It
can not be done.”

  To my ignorance this seemed reasonable
enough. Placed in the general’s position,
Monsieur Bonnemaison would h$ve felt the
same.

  “I see,” said I. “You are right, M’sieu.
One can not work for two people at the
same time.”

  The judge shook his head.

  “Pardon, monsieur,” said he patiently,
“but you do not see. It is not only the
work. It is everything else—the intima-
cies, the friendships, all the other ties that
have bound you to your old life. When

you go to Marsh Island, you must break
these ties. Also you will not be expected
to attempt the impossible task of piecing
them together again.”

  I began to understand now, though very
vaguely. It was too much to take in all
at once.

  “But, m’sieu,” I stammered. “You
mean—? Why, they are my friends, my

people—they-”

  “Exactly,” interrupted the judge. “It
is unfortunate, but it is the price of prom-
inence. When you go up on the hill, you
can not expect to take the valley with you.
You will find General Marsh most particu-
lar upon this point, as he has every right
to be. He is offering you all that he has.
In return he merely asks that you start
fresh with him in every way.”

  He paused-, eyeing me expectantly, but
I could only stare back at him in slow be-
wilderment. It was still too much.
Madame Alcide, Monsieur Bonnemaison,
the little doctor, give them all up? No,
it was ridiculous. There must be some
mistake.

  Then I thought of another and found
my tongue.

  “Toinette?” I demanded. “What of her,
m’sieu?”

  The judge spread out his hands. Evi-
dently as in all else he had been fully in-
formed about Toinette.

 “What can I say, monsieur?” he
answered. “You must see for yourself that
it is inevitable. Your positions will not be
the same.”

  “But we are betrothed,” I cried, forget-
ting all caution. “It was for her as much
as for myself that I accepted.”

  With my words the judge was out of his
chair. It was the “betrothed” that moved
him, bringing him to his feet as swiftly and
as unexpectedly as if he had been propelled
by some hidden spring. One look he gave
me of surprize, of consternation, of polite
but unmistakable injury. Then, wheeling
about, he fell nervously to pacing the room.

  “So, so,” he muttered to himself, before
turning back to me again.

  “Come, monsieur,” said he sternly.
“This is serious. You should have told me
of it at first. As it is, you must arrange
the affair yourself or at best with such aid
as I can give you. General Marsh must
know nothing of it. It might ruin your
chance entirely.”
72	NEVIL G.

  Recovering himself, he added in his pre-
cise, legal tone:

  “And now let us get at the facts. You
have announced this betrothal? You have
made any mention of it in writing?”

  Though my temper was rising, I an-
swered him quietly.

  “No, m’sieu,” said I. “There has been
no announcement. The affair is strictly be-
tween ourselves, and I had no right to men-
tion it. Having done so, I can only count
on your discretion.”

  The judge drew a quick breath of relief.

  “Good, very good,” he exclaimed. “Then
a word from you will be enough. With
no proof there can he no afterconse-
quences.”

  As I heard him, my anger changed to
sudden disgust. All at once I was sick of
the whole affair. I thought of Toinette and
grew hot with shame. Then came the
thought of my father to bring back my
anger again. So this was what they had
tried on him. And now they were trying
it on me.

  The judge had begun to speak, but I
stopped him abruptly. I felt that the sooner
it was over, the better it would be for both
of us.

  “Hold, m’sieu,” said I. “You have said
enough. If I have been dull, I am sorry,
but we are not used to such things in the
woods. There a promise is a promise, and
I have given mine and would not break it
for all the cane that has ever been grown.
For the rest, I can only ask you again to
keep this matter to yourself. It will be
enough to tell the general that I have re-
fused.”

  Bowing stiffly, the judge resumed his
chair. He was beaten, perhaps, but he did
not show it. Indeed, there was that about
him as he closed the interview which sug-
gested victory rather than defeat. He was
like one who, having encountered an un-
expected reverse, is upheld by the cer-
tainty of ultimate success.

  “This is final?” he questioned.

  “It is, m’sieu.”

  “You will not have another chance.”

  “I do not wish one, m’sieu.”

  Reaching out, he touched a bell upon his
desk.

  “Then I must bid you good morning,”
said he, and a moment later I had fol-
lowed his clerk through the sound-proof
door.

HENSHAW

  Thus, as they had begun, Judge Cestia’s
efforts ended in failure. Yet for me, at
least, the experience was not unprofitable.
True, I rode off in a rage, but once my
anger had cooled, I came to look back on
the interview with an ever increasing sense
of enlightenment and relief. Gradually I
discovered that, in his efforts to ensnare me,
the judge had succeeded in setting me free.

  For at last I realized the true meaning
of those acres at Marsh Island. At last 1
knew that in some vague, half-conscious
way I had made them my goal. All along
they had tempted me. All along they had
touched my work in the woods with the
slow poison of discontent.

  And this was not strange, since these
acres had ever seemed to lie just beyond
my grasp. Had not Le Bossu said that they
were waiting for me? Had he not declared
that night beneath the stars that I would
have my chance at them some day? And
the little man had been right.

  In its own good time the long arm of the
general had reached out for me to dangle
this wondrous bribe before my eager eyes.
For a space I had been caught and held,
but in the end I had won free. Having
offered its all to no purpose, the arm would
not reach out again.

  It was over, and no longer could I quar-
rel with my lot. I was free, wholly free,
to finish the work that I had begun. I
might not be a planter, but at least I would
follow the way that I had chosen.

  The thought of this brought peace, to-
gether with a new tenderness for my friends
in the woods. Somehow it was as if they
had been returned to me again. Madame
Alcide, Monsieur Bonnemaison, the little
doctor—in the weeks that followed I bound
them to me with fresh ties of love and ap-
preciation.

  As for Toinette, I could only wait im-
patiently for the day of her return. I
longed for her as I had never longed before,
but beyond this was merely a sense of un-
easy confusion.

  I only knew that, as upon that first
Christmas Eve at the camp. I had received
a lesson in values. On the one hand had
been Toinette. On the other all the
breadth and fertility of Marsh Island.
And I had made my choice without one
afterpang of regret. It was something to
think about.

  So I struggled blindly with these half-

ROMANCE
JEAN TROUVE

71

guessed thoughts and desires, groping my
way toward the light that was so soon to
come.

CHAPTER XIV

I MAKE THE GREAT DISCOVERY

WITH the ending of Spring the time
approached for Toinette’s gradua-
tion. To Bois Berard this was a memor-
able event, since never before had the set-
tlement been represented at the convent.
Now Toinette had come forward; not with
a mere term, but with four full years and
a diploma.

  High and low the wood-folk were as
proudly elated as if they had played a
personal part in this achievement. -Had it
been possible, they would have attended
the exercises in a body. But the convent
was far away and was moreover wholly
guarded against such an onslaught. There-
fore the inhabitants turned to Madame Al-
cide with the gifts and good wishes that
marked their appreciation.

  Monsieur Bonnemaison, impressed by
the religious atmosphere of the convent,
and possibly confusing the occasion with
that of a First Communion, sent a prayer-
book of ivory with a rosary to match.

  Doctor Poussard, viewing the affair with
more worldly eyes, had evidently been im-
pressed by its educational aspect. His
offering, a writing-set in a gaily painted
box, was accompanied by a brief explana-
tion. '

  He had meant to send a book, he said,
but his employer had forestalled him. Of
course a prayer-book was not exactly a
book, but then in a way it was one. At
all events it was something to read.

  And Madame Alcide, touched into
silence, had allowed this to pass unchal-
lenged by a single, “Come, Poussard!”

  In selecting my own gift, I had wholly
ignored the demands of the occasion.
Wishing for .something that would suggest
only the joy of possession, I had finally de-
cided upon a small brooch. It was of gold
set with tiny pearls; and I felt sure of
Toinette’s pleasure, since it would repre-
sent her first true ornament of value.

  From the humbler folk came simpler
tokens, a fan, a ribbon, a sacred picture or
image, each of them delivered with a word

of praise and congratulation. Day by day
they kept coming until Madame Alcide de-'
clared with a choke in her voice that Achille
would never be able to bear such a burden
across the prairie.

  Looking on, I thought rather grimly of
my interview with Judge Cestia. So these
were the folk he would have had me spurn
from my high place upon the hilltop!

  Madame Alcide, of course, gave the grad-
uation dress, an intricate affair that was the
result of a prolonged study of some half-
dozen fashion-books. Each fold and ruffle
of this all-important garment had been
carefully worked out, although at the last
the old lady lacked the hardihood to at-
tempt its actual creation.

  It was too much for her, she said. She
could not depend upon herself to have it all
a la mode. There was but one thing to do,
and that was to invoke the assistance of
her relatives at St. Pierre. She would go
to her sister-in-law, Madame Octave, who,
of all the Lavals, held first place with her
needle. She might be a little slow', but
what was time in such an emergency? Give
her a week, and she would produce a tri-
umph.

  Having arrived at this decision, Madame
Alcide proceeded to arrange her plans with
the thoroughness that was my chief comfort
during these periods of desertion. If it was
hard to lose her, I at least had the satis-
faction of knowing exactly when she would
be back again.

  “You can expect me on the tenth day.
Jean,” said she. “There is the week for
the dress and a day for the exercises. It is
too bad that you can not see them, but it
would be as uncomfortable for you as for
the sisters. Afterward Toinette will wish
to spend her last night at the convent, as
is the custom. Then she must come for a
day at Madame Octave’s. Next morning
we wilLbe off as early as we can get away.”

  Following this announcement, Madame
Alcide departed, leaving me to consider cer-
tain plans of my own. Fortified by my
first and only visit to the convent, I was
well content to miss the exercises, but I
did not mean to miss Toinette. I was
anxious to see her and to see her before
she left St. Pierre.

  My reasons for this were the outcome of
long weeks of thought and anticipation.
Always Toinette had returned a different
being, and her present homecoming was
74

NEVIL G. HENSHAW

fraught with a particular importance. This
time she was coming back to stay, to es-
tablish the relations that would endure until
we announced our betrothal.

  Thus I felt that I must see this new
Toinette amid the environment that was re-
sponsible for her newness. Then, perhaps,
I might glean some hint of the future. I
might even learn the meaning of much that
had puzzled me in the years before.

  Thanks to Madame Alcide, I could be
definite in my arrangements. Toinette, I
knew, would spend the ninth day at
Madame Octave’s. I had only to ride in on
that day and surprize her.

  To this Monsieur Bonnemaison agreed
readily enough, declaring that it would save
him the trouble of driving half-way to
Davide’s store. Some papers were to be
delivered, and I could leave them there on
my way home. At that hour Davide was
sure to be in.

  Accordingly I set out upon the appointed
morning and rode directly to the home of
Madame Octave, which, being upon the
prairie end of the town, was sparsely
shaded by a scatter of china-trees. The
house was of two stories, and, as I drew
up before it, I caught in one of the upper
windows a brief glance of a girlish figure.
Next moment it was gone, leaving me di-
vided between the regret of my discovery
and the satisfaction of losing my final
doubt. Toinette was in, and she had evi-
dently hurried down to welcome me. At
the door, however, my knock was answered
by Madame Alcide.

  “Well, Jean,” she greeted me. “So you
could not stand my being away this time?
Or did Bonnemaison send you in?”
“Toinette?” I asked, my doubts return-
ing. “She is here?”

  At this the old lady smiled, although her
eyes held a sudden look of inquiry.

  “I see,” said she. “So it was not myself
or even Bonnemaison. Yes, Toinette is
here, and you will see her in a moment.
But first you must meet Madame Octave.”
Following her inside, I entered the par-
lor, a room furnished in red plush, and
hung with heavy curtains to assist the half-
hearted efforts of the china-trees. Here I
was introduced to stout, placid Madame
Octave, who blinked at me kindly through
the heavy glasses to which she had been
doomed by her fine and incessant needle-
work.

  Afterward I sat and listened to an ac-
count of the exercises, delivered in the
main by Madame Alcide and in part by
Madame Octave, who supplied innumerable
small details.

                                                   •

  It was wonderful how much Madame Oc-
tave had observed. One would never have
guessed the power of those eyes behind
their thick lenses.

  Everything had gone off well. The
bishop himself had been present. And now
for a surprize. Toinette had been valedic-
torian. Knowing it for weeks, she had kept
it secret until the very day itself. Think
of it. It was incredible!

  To all this I replied politely, if briefly,
my eyes upon the door. I was glad that
Toinette had been valedictorian, but I was
not surprized. It was natural for her to
lead. Sh£ had always done so.

  And besides, I cared little for the exer-
cises. I was there to see Toinette. What
was keeping her, I wondered. It seemed
that she would never come.

  And then all at once she was there,
framed in the shadows of the doorway with
the suddenness of an apparition. She was
dressed all in soft, billowy white, and at my
look she sprang forward, reaching out eager
hands.

  “Jean, Jean,” she cried. “This is the
best of all. And if I kept you waiting, it
was that you might see me as I was yester-
day. This is the dress, Jean. Is it not
lovely?”

  It must have been lovely, that gradua-
tion-dress of fleecy muslin. I can not say.
Despite the painstaking care of Madame
Octave, I gave it not so much as a single
glance. My eyes were all for Toinette, for
the flush of her cheek, the light of her
eyes, the dark, burnished glory of her hair.

  That she was beautiful I know, far, far
too beautiful for any words. And as I
looked at her, I felt suddenly queer and
dizzy, with a strange dryness about my
mouth that prevented me from uttering a
sound. For one age-long moment I was
supremely happy. The next I was afraid.

  Perhaps this is but a poor description of
my awakening. At all events it is a true
one. I can recall each sensation perfectly.
I can picture the scene, the proud look of
Madame Alcide, the abrupt upward glance
of Madame Octave, the slim white figure
of Toinette poised smiling before me, all
JEAN TROUVE	75

of it vague and shadowy in the half-light
of the curtained room.

  And this is how I came to love Toinette,
instantly, violently, for all the world as if
the meeting were our first one. The reason
for this I know no more than others in
like circumstances. Perhaps it was the
dress, my weeks of longing. Who can say?

  Yet I have always felt that despite our
years of companionship mine was true love
at first sight. It is said that love is blind.
With me it was only through love that my
eyes were opened to the real Toinette, a
Toinette hitherto unguessed and unseen.

  Striving desperately, I finally forced my
dry throat to a word of greeting. Then 1
returned to my chair, while Toinette, seat-
ing herself across from me, took up the tale
of her graduation.

  With her it was the gifts over which she
was as delighted as if they had arrived only
that morning. My brooch was the best.
She could never thank me for it. See, she
had it on. And the other things from the
woods! She wished for arms a mile long
so that tomorrow she might embrace all
Bois Berard in one great hug.

  Then there was Le Bossu. Not only had
he kept his promise by coming to see her,
but he had brought with him a great bunch
of yellowlegs as a remembrance from the
marsh. Was not that like him? Yes, he
was as at the bridge now, where he was
overhauling his boat in preparation for the
bay.

  Here was good news, and T declared that
I would ride out to see the little man at my
first opportunity.

  This done, I listened absently, while
Toinette chattered on, helped out by her
aunts from time to time. Somehow I did
not object to the presence of the aunts.
Just then I had no wish to have Toinette to
myself. I wanted to be alone, to take, as
it were, a mental stock of the situation.

  It seemed that my visit would never end.
Falling in love was a wholly strange and
uncomfortable experience. Such replies as
I made were confined to an occasional yes
and no. My one wish was to get away.

  And so, when I could stand it no longer.
I arose, declaring that I must hurry off.
There were the papers for Davide, to say
nothing of certain commissions in St.
Pierre. Begging the aunts not to rise, I
bade them farewell. Then, followed by
Toinette, I made for the door.

  Outside in the hall Toinette turned away
to reach my hat from the rack. It was an
old hat, a special favorite, yet from that
moment I disowned it. I must do better
now, I told myself.

  Then Toinette spoke, the hat held high in
a gesture of mock ceremony.

  “You have been so nice, Jean, that I will
crown you,” she began. “And to-mor-
row-

  She had faced about now to stare at me,
the hat swinging wildly from the sudden
drop of her hands.

  “Why, Jean,” she exclaimed in a voice
that was almost a whisper.

  The next moment her hands were in mine
and I was crushing them, hat and all.

  “Toinette! Toinette!” I gulped, unable
to utter another word.

  “Yes, Jean,” said Toinette, and as she
spoke, her eyes answered mine as truly and
as fully as if they had cried their message
aloud.

  Then Madame Alcide appeared, calling
to me from the parlor doorway.

  “The flour, Jean,” she directed. “You
will see that there is enough? Remember,
it will not be for one or two, but for three.”

  “Yes, madame,” I replied, and after
that there was nothing for it but to make
good my haste of a while before.

  So I departed, twisting about in my sad-
dle that I might see to the last the white,
sunlit figure that waved to me from Mad-
ame Octave’s front gallery.

  Once out of sight I swung back to the
prairie, where I turned over all matters of
route and speed to Rouge, that I might
give myself entirely to the joy and wonder
of the moment.

  I had made the great discovery. I loved
Toinette. And, what was of infinitely more
importance, Toinette loved me. There
could be. no doubt of this. There was no
misreading the message of her eyes.

  Love was curious, I decided. It was so
wholly unexpected. There it had come to
me like a flash, despite the years, despite
even the presence of the aunts. One would
not have looked for it at such a moment.
Now at the time of my proposal-

  But I did not dwell upon this. I was not
proud of that proposal. Through it I
would be forced to explain many things to
Toinette. It was better to go back to that
brief parting in the hall.

  And so I went on throughout the after-
76	NEVIL G.

noon, leaving a sorely puzzled Rouge to
pick his way across the short grass of the
prairie.

  Near sunset I recalled .my commission
and set out in a definite direction. At
Davide’s I delivered the papers, refusing
on account ol the hour the inevitable offer
of coffee. Then as I passed out to the store
porch, there came a tug at my coat, ac-
companied by a voice that babbled in
vague entreaty.

  “You will help me, m’sieu?’’ it droned.
“You will help me? I am no beggar. Once
I had a place like this of my own.”

  The voice rose, sharpened to a sudden
edge of hate.

  “It was M’sieu the General,” it cried.
“Always M’sieu the General. But it is
near, my settlement.”

  Davide swore impatiently.

  “You see,” said he. “He gets worse,
that one. His is no idle threat. He should
be restrained. He is not the fool that he
looks.”

  And he added, advancing upon the hud-
dled figure:

  “Get out Dugas, before I put you out.
Would you drive away my trade?”

  But I in my new-found happiness
stepped in between. Also I slipped a coin
into Monsieur Dugas’ outthrust palm. For
all his evil I could not deny him. Had he
not played his unwilling part in bringing
me to Toinette? Also he was terribly pun-
ished. As for his threats, they were ridicu-
lous. What could he do against the gen-
eral?

  The general and Monsieur Dugas! Back
in the saddle, I dismissed these ancient
enemies with a confident smile. How I had
feared them! And now they were helpless,
the one denied by me in turn, the other
touched by the hand of God.

  With the thought came a sense of tri-
umph. It seemed a fit ending for that
glorious afternoon. The general and Mon-
sieur Dugas! Now indeed was I free of
them. They had had.their day. Tomor-
row was mine with Toinette.

CHAPTER XV
I COME TO JUDGMENT

NEXT day, when I awoke at sunrise, it
was to a sense of gladness, very vague
and elusive like the first pale hints of dawn.

HENSHAW

For a space I wa$ content to lie there,
steeped in a drowsy joy. It was enough to
know that all was well with me. Why seek
for troublesome causes?

  Then, as the light increased, my
thoughts took shape—bright, eager
thoughts, touched like the light with the
golden promise of midday. 'Toinette was
coming. I would see her at noon. Even
now she must be up and making ready.

  Thus I began a seemingly endless day.
Though I added to my work the neglected
duties of the day before, the hours dragged
interminably. Having started with Toi-
nette in my thoughts, I continued by at-
tempting to follow her in her drive across
the prairie.

  Now she had left St. Pierre. Now, ages
later, she was crossing the big coulee. And
now, though she ought really to be in sight
of the woods, she was probably half-way,
at Davide’s.

  But upon looking at my watch, I would
find that I was wrong. She could hardly
have reached the coulee.

  So it went throughout the morning.
Then, when my round was all but finished,
an event occurred that robbed me of my
impatience. It was a runaway at a dis-
tant farm, the sudden bolting of a half-
broken team. A cart was smashed, a horse
was cut, a man badly bruised and shaken.

  Then came the applying of remedies, the
clearing of the wreck, the calming of the
excited tenants. Once this was done, it
was long past noon, and my problem was
no longer one of killing time but-of making
the most of it.

  Yet, when at last I raced back to the
settlement, it was to find that the travelers
had barely arrived. As I swung in to the
wood-road, they were still plodding the
last few. yards of their journey.

  “Hola!” I cried and dug in my spurs,
bearing down upon the surrey from behind.
Then, as I reached it, I stared aghast, for
the seat beside Madame Alcide was empty.

  “Toinette,” I cried, all greetings forgot-
ten. “Where is Toinette, madame?”

  The old lady did not at once reply, as
she was absorbed in making the turn into
her stableyard.

  “Wait,” said she, when this was accom-
plished. “I will tell you inside.”

  She spoke shortly, almost gruffly, drop-
ping the reins and allowing Achille to come
to a stop of his own free will. And this was
JEAN TROUVE

77

not Madame Alcide’s way. Always she
drew up with a flourish accompanied by her
cheery, “We have arrived.”

  Slipping from the saddle, I helped her to
the ground, where she stood in silence,
waiting for her parcels to be taken out.

  “What is it, madame?” I begged as I
piled them into her arms, but she only
shook her head before turning away.

  In the unhitching that followed I made
record time. Indeed, I fairly tore the har-
ness from Achille’s ancient frame, after
which I set off at a run for the house.

  Here I found no bustle and clatter of
homecoming as in. former days. In the
dining-room Madame Alcide was waiting
for me, sitting rigidly erect in her accus-
tomed chair. She still wore her sunbonnet,
and before her the parcels lay unopened
upon the table.

  “Sit down, Jean,” she ordered as soon as
I had come in. “Certain things have hap-
pened, and it is necessary that we consider
them.”

  She spoke quietly now, yet her voice held
a note of grimness that hinted at unpleasant
things to come. When I seated myself
across the table, it was upon the extreme
edge of my chair. Already I felt as if I
were on trial.

  “And now to start,” went on Madame
Alcide. “We will begin with last Summer.”

  She waited as if for some word from me,
and when this did not come, her voice rose
in sharp interrogation.

  “Why did you do it?” she demanded.

  It was not easy to reply. I had come to
judgment as I feared.

  “Then—then Toinette had told you?” I
floundered. “You mean my, my pro-
posal?”

  “Proposal!” echoed Madame Alcide, and
her voice bit in like acid. “You call it a
proposal to say to a girl, ‘I wish you to
marry me, but I do not know the reason
why?’

  “And Toinette did not tell me this, or at
least she did not think she did. It was
hard enough to make her admit anything,
even after she knew that I knew. She is
that kind.

  “But you, Jean! I am surprized at you.
To think of your doing this just when she
was having her good time.”

  “I am sorry, madame" said L. “I know
that it is not much to say so, but I am.

 And I am sorrier still that you object so
 much. I feared that you would.”

   I spoke with a sincerity that brought an
 instant reward. When Madame Alcide
 went on it was in a kindlier tone.

   “Bien, Jean,” said she. “If you say that
 you are sorry, and I believe you, it is the
 best that you can do now. Also you make
 too much of my objections. It would have
 been all right in time. I had hoped for it
 later on. But now, not knowing each other
 and with Toinette in the convent! Why,
 it was the one thing I feared, the one thing
 that I fought against.

   “But I will tell you something. You re-
 member that Winter when you asked me if
 Toinette was beautiful? It was then that
 I began to be afraid. I kept Toinette away
 the following Summer. It was not the les-
 sons, as I said. It was you, Jean. And I
 would have kept her away last Summer had
 I not missed her so. I told myself that it
 would be all right.

   “So now, perhaps, you understand. I
 wanted it, but in proper time. You were
 like brother and sister. It would not have
 lasted a year.”

   There fell a silence, during which I con-
 sidered what Madame Alcide had said. All
 her thought and care made as nothing by
 my blind impatience.

   But fortunately my mistake was not past
 mending. Though it was not easy, I has-
 tened to set it aright.

   “I understand, madame,” said I. “Also,
 although I love Toinette truly now, I will
 follow your wish. It will be hard to wait,

 yet if you say so-”

   “A moment,” interrupted Madame Al-
 cide. “When I have finished, it will be
 time for you to plan. We have only dealt
 with thing number one. Now we come to
 thing number two which takes us back to
 your first days with me.”

   She paused, leaning forward, and added
 in a voice of stern accusation:

   “Why did you hide behind a name then?
 Why did you not tell me who you really
 were?”

   It was like the pointblank firing of a
 shot. For a space I could only gape at her
 foolishly. Now indeed had I come to judg-
 . ment.

   “So you knew?” I finally managed to

   “No,” answered Madame Alcide grimly.
 “That is just it; I did not know. Of course
7»

W E V I L G.

HENSHAW

I saw at first glance that you were no
marsh-rat. Otherwise you would not have
come into my home. And later with your
cane I saw clearer still. You wished to be
a planter and you began as one. It opened
my eyes.

  “ ‘So,’ I said to myself. ‘The blood is
better than I thought.’ I even hinted as
much to you that first day in the field.
But the grandson of M’sieu the General!
It was too much. How could I have
guessed it?

  “But you knew, Jean, and you did not
tell me And why? That is what I want
to know.”

  By now I had recovered some part of my
composure, yet I could find no defense for
my action. Viewed in the light of what
Madame Alcide had said, it seemed wholly
stupid and useless. Why had I not told
her? Why had I not told all Bois Berard
for that matter, since the need for secrecy
had been long past?

  It would have been the same anyway.
Such things were bound to come out. It
was like me to see this now when it was too
late.

  “It is hard to answer you, madame,"
said I at last. I do not know why I did
this myself. At first it was necessary to
have another name. I had run away and
I was scared. Afterward I kept on. It
was habit, perhaps, I can not say. It was
not that I did not trust you. Had I
thought of it, I woujd have told you gladly.
But there seemed no need.”

  At this Madame Alcide laughed, a short,
hard laugh in which there was no trace of
merriment.

  “No need?” she repeated. “So there
seemed no need, Jean? Listen now to thing
number three. Yesterday within half an
hour of your departure we had a second
visitor. It was Judge Cestia, and he asked
for Toinette and myself. To us he told
your story, ending it with his offer of last
Winter—the offer that you refused.

  “And afterward he made an appeal. He
was very polite, but he was also very plain.
He could do nothing with you. he said. He
had tried his best and he had failed. It
was not pleasant to say what he must say
now, but he had no choice. It all rested
with Toinette. Your grandfather needed
you, and Marsh Island was a very great
estate. If Toinette would only step
aside-”

  She halted, as if in sudden distaste, and
her face flushed darkly beneath the shadow
of the sunbonnet.

  “But why say more?” she finished.
“Surely you can see, Jean?”

  And I did see through a dull haze of
anger such as I had never known, of which
I was almost afraid.

  So that was it. Well might the old lady
be upset. And Judge Cestia! How he had
tricked using my confidence to shame the
ones I loved. No wonder he had seemed
assured in that moment of apparent defeat.
Even then, like some clever gambler, he
had held and hidden this final card.

  And Toinette! Unconsciously I spoke
the name aloud.

  “Toinette had gone back to the con-
vent,” answered Madame Alcide promptly.
“She will stay there until you are safe with
your grandfather.”

  Again her words brought anger, but of a
different kind.

  “So,” said I bitterly. “Then that is how
she cares for me. She says that she loves
me, and she runs away.”

  I would have gone on, but Madame Al-
cide turned upon me with the fierceness of
utter exasperation.

  “Bon Dieu,” she cried. “Have you no
sense at all, Jean? Do you imagine that
it was easy for Toinette to go, for me to
send her? Suppose you were in her place.
Suppose you loved her as she loves you.
Could you do anything else? Would there
be any other way?”

  “Just the same I will find a way,” I per-
sisted. “I will ride in at once-”

  “And to what purpose?” challenged
Madame Alcide. . “You will not see
Toinette, and if you did, it would be no
use. She is not coming back. Even though
she tried to, I would not allow it.

  “For the rest, this has been forced upon
me. I have no choice in the matter. If,
as you do not deny, you are giving up
Marsh Island for Toinette, what can I do
but prevent it?”

  “Madame—” I began, but the old lady
paid no heed.

  “See,” she went on. “I will be frank
with you. At first I was very angry. There
was your betrothal, the hiding of your
name, and Judge Cestia’s offer. I thought
that you had deceived me, that you had
laughed at me. But I wished to make sure.
JEAN TROUVE

79

That is why I took my time, questioning
you carefully.

  “Now I believe that you meant no un-
fairness, that you were foolish, thoughtless,
but nothing more. Yet the result is tha
same.

  ‘•And perhaps this is for the best. You
are young, Jean; you do not know your
own mind. Also, as Judge Cestia said,
Marsh Island is a very great estate.”

  “I have thought of all that,” I put in.
“I have considered it carefully.”

  “Bien,” agreed Madame Alcide. “We
will let it pass then. We will say that you
have gone on and married, that you have
never repented your bargain. What then
of Toinette?

  “Your mother tried this, and you have
shown me her picture. Consider her eyes,
their look that one never forgets. They
puzzle me, those eyes. Only yesterday,
when I heard her story, did I understand.

  “It is regret, Jean—regret for what she
cost your father. She could not help it.
Women are like that. And what would
you do to keep such a look from Toinette’s
eyes in the years to come?”

  “The look will not come,” said I
doggedly. “What is greater than love?”
“There is duty,” answered Madame Al-
cide, “my duty to see that you do not make
this mistake, your duty to take that which
your father lost. Then there is your duty
to me. So long as you stay here, so long
must Toinette keep away, and Toinette is
my niece. It is not easy to say this,

  Her voice broke and suddenly she rose
to her feet, coming around the table to my
chair. A moment she stood gazing down
at me, and in her eyes was the same wistful
yearning that had marked my last day with
Madame Therese.

  “This is hard, Jean,” said she slowly,
“harder for me, perhaps, than for you.
You are young with much before you. I
am old and the wound will lake long to
heal. For I will miss you, Jean. You have
been like a son to me—a good son always.

  “Yesterday, when Judge Cestia told me
of your refusal, I was proud of you. It
was foolish, yes, but I loved you for it as
I ever will. And then there is what you
have been doing with Bonnemaison. It is a
secret, I know, but I am not blind. All
along it has been for me. And now—to
have you go-”

  Words failed her and she turned abrupt-
ly, moving stiffly away to her room.

  When she had gone, I sat for a long time
staring vacantly at the scarred surface of
the table. Slowly the first shock of my
anger spent itself, allowing me to consider
my position.

  I was snared, I was trapped, and in my
own home. The very members of my
household had been turned against me.
And all for a thoughtless omission, for a
secrecy born, perhaps, of my lonely child-
hood.

  Well, it only meant that I must fight,
and I was used to fighting. I had done so
before. I could do so again. But how?

  Madame Alcide I dismissed immediately.
There was no doubting the finality of what
she had said. Judge Cestia had hurt her
terribly, and to her pride was added her
sense of duty. It would never be said of
her that she had used her niece to despoil
the grandson of M’sieu the General.

  Toinette was still less promising. I
could see that now. My anger cooled, I
could even imagine her point of view. All
her life she had been used to sacrifice, and
she believed that she stood in my way.
What else could she do? And even were
it otherwise, she was helpless. Until she
was of age she must obey Madame Alcide.

  Thus,but one course was left open to me.
I must take the war into the enemy’s camp.
And that enemy was my grandfather. For
all his cleverness, Judge Cestia did not
count. He was merely an agent.

  With the thought cartie inspiration.
Since the general had done this thing, he
could also undo it.

  What if I went to him apd convinced him
that I would never return? What if after-
ward he spoke to Madame Alcide? Surely
his word would be enough. Surely he
could make her understand. Once she saw
that Toinette could not deprive me of
something that I had definitely refused, she
would be forced to give in.

  •'Perhaps, with my knowledge of the gen-
eral. it was'the sheerest madness. Perhaps,
upon reflection. I would have realized the
implied weakness of such an attack.

  But it was a chance, and in the code of
the woods chances called for action rather
than thought. Also there was little time,
if I would see it through that day.

  Five minutes later I was pounding down
the wood-road at a pace that would have
8o	NEViL G.

  caused old Syprien Lalandre himself to
  stare in surprize.

CHAPTER XVI

THE GENERAL

 THANKS to my talks with Monsieur
 Bonnemaison, I knew something of
 the general’s habits. It was his custom in
 the late afternoon to go over the affairs of
 his estate.

    Thus upon reaching the island, I did not
  keep on to his house. Dismounting half-
  way up the hill, I tied Rouge to a live oak
  and made my second descent upon the vine-
  covered office.

    When I had knocked and been bidden to
  enter, I found the single room wholly un-
  changed. There was the same film of dust,
  the same, orderly litter, the same prim ar-
  rangement of chairs, safe and table. The
  general was seated as before, but this time
  he straightened up at once from the book
  of accounts over which he had been bend-
  ing. There was something in the movement
  that hinted at eagerness, almost at satis-
  faction, yet he spoke with his usual cold
  precision.

   “Well, John,” he began. “Have you
 come to your senses at last?”

    I did not attempt to parley. Now that
  I was before him, I found that I must speak
  out at once if I were to speak at all.

    “Yes, m’sieu," I replied. “I have come
  to my senses. That is why I am here to
  ask you to make amends.”

    At this the general stiffened, but he did
  not lose his level tone.

    “If you will be so kind, I should like to
  know exactly what you mean,” said he.

    There was something in his words that
  stung me to instant anger.

    “I mean what you have had Judge Cestia
  do—his going to my people, his driving
  them away from me,” I answered hotly.
  “And for what? 1 am not coming back.
  You must understand this. No matter
  “'what happens, I will not come.”

    The general did not reply to this at once.
  For a time he merely stared at me as if I
  were some strange specimen about which
  he could not quite make up his mind. His
  tolerance was as unexpected as it was de-
  moralizing. I had looked for anger, deri-
  sion—anything save this calm appraisal.

H E N S 1-1 A W

  “Your people,” he mused finally. “You
are a queer one, John. And your talk
about not coming back is equally as orig-
inal. How could you come back when you
have never been here?”

  He spoke without scorn or irony. In-
deed, his attitude was one of interest, mild
and half-amused. Having never known
him in this mood, I was utterly unprepared
to deal with him. I could reply only by
reminding him that I had come to him once
and that he had sent me away.

  At this his look of inquiry gave place to
one of enlightenment. It was as if he had
classified his specimen at last.

  “I see,” said he. “So you have held this
against me all these years?”

  “How could I do otherwise?” I retorted.

  A moment the general appeared to hesi-
tate. The next he leaned forward as if in
sudden resolution.

  “Listen, John,” said he. “Age brings
wisdom, and wisdom brings regrets. Per-
haps you feel that an explanation is due
you. At all events you shall have one.

  “When you came to me, I was still
smarting from a half-healed wound. The
sight of you reopened it. And so in a mo-
ment of anger I sent you away. Afterward,
when I wanted you back, I found that you
had gone. It took a long time to find you.

  “In that time my interest waned. I am a
busy man with few opportunities for sen-
timent. If you had stayed on the marsh,
I would probably have forgotten you en-
tirely. You see 1 am being perfectly frank
with you.

  “But you came to the woods and put in
your cane, not with your hands, but from
the saddle. That aroused my interest
again. It appeared that you might be a
Marsh after all.

  “And so I rode in for a look at you that
day at the store and found that you were
the image of—your father.”

  He brought out the last words with an
effort, wincing as if from some sharp thrust
of memory. And at this moment he was
a being far removed from the harsh auto-
crat of Marsh Island. He was merely a
lonely pld man, worn and harassed by the
years’ disillusions.

  “After that I determined to have you,”
he continued. “If you had come to me as
my manager, the arrangement would not
have lasted a week. I only wanted to make
sure.

---. ROMANCE ^
6

JEAN T R O Li V E

81

  “But you -refused, and I went to Cestia.
I was afraid to trust myself. I had tried
it before unsuccessfully. The rest you
know.”

  He paused, and once more his look was
inquiring.

  “Well?” he challenged. “My cards are
on the table.”

  “I am sorry, m’sieu,” said I. “After what
you have said, I would come back gladly if
it were possible. But there is Toinette. I
am betrothed to her.”

  “And I am your grandfather,” put in the
general. “Is not your blood thicker than
water?”

  “You do not understand, m’sieu,” I ex-
plained. “I love Toinette. We were
brought up together. I could not go on
without her.”

“That is what you think now,” said the
general. “I have lived a long time, and I
can promise you that in less than six
months you will have changed your mind.”
And he added generously:

  “The girl is all right. I grant you that.
According to Cestia she has beauty and re-
finement and she has behaved very well in
this matter. But it will not do. I have
other plans for you.”

  His calmness was wholly disarming.
Why would he not lose his temper, allow-
ing me to force my demands? Somehow I
felt as if I had been removed a vast dis-
tance from my original intention. If this
kept up, I would never be able to get back
to it again.

  “And what of my plans?” I demanded.
“Are they not to be considered at all?”

  For the first time the general’s voice held
a note of irony.

  “Only in so far as you are able to carry
them out.”

  “And if I do so?”

  “That is impossible.”

  “And why?”

  “Because you can not. Your very being
here proves it.”

  He finished with open triumph. Evi-
dently he was sure of himself now. Or
perhaps he had become weary of his effort.
It must have cost him something, this hard-
won repression born of the promptings of
experience. He had been very patient, and
now he reaped his reward. Where I had
meant to demand, I could only appeal.

  “Then, if that is so, m’sieu” said I, “I
can only throw myself upon your mercy.

  Also, since I am not coming back, you will
  gain little by refusing me. You will lose
  me my friends, my home. It will mean
  nothing more. .

    “As for my coming here, I did so to ask
  you if you would not speak for me to
  Madame Berard. She will listen to you.
  You can convince her. A word from you
  will be enough.”

    The general accepted this with a gravity
  that was wholly misleading.

   “And may I ask what I am to say to
 her?” he inquired.

    “That I am not coming back. That it is
  useless to keep Toinette away,” I explained
  eagerly. “Anything will do, just so it is
  said by yourself.”

    “And you expect me to do this,” pursued
  the general.

    “You must, m’sieu, you must,” I cried.
  “It is only a little thing, yet it means my
  happiness.”

    There came a faint twitching at the cor-
  ners of the general’s mouth. He had had
  his fun of the situation, and now in his
  grim way he paid tribute to it.

   “By George, but you are a wonder,
 John!” he muttered half to himself.

    Then I understood with a dull sense of
  hurt that was rather the outcome of in-
  justice than of disappointment. To me it
  seemed the very refinement of cruelty.

    “So you refuse?” I began.

    “Of course,” he broke in bitingly. “And
  the day will come when you will thank me
  for it.”

    Without further protest I arose. It was
  no use, and I was in no mood to argue.

    Yet I did not mean to leave without a
  final word. If I had lost, I would not slink
  away in silent defeat. And then there was
  that cold, impassive mask of the general’s.

, Perhaps I could not get in behind it, but I
would leave him something to think about.

    “Bien, m’sieu,” said I deliberately. “You
  have won, and I wish you joy of your vic-
  tory. At least I have stood against you
  man to man. I have not fought through
  another against women.”

    It was useless, insolent, yet-it had its ef-
  fect. Instantly the general was up and
  facing me in trembling, white-hot fury.

    And as I looked at him, the years slipped
  away and it seemed that I was a child
  again, staring with round, frightened eyes,
  as I groped for a forgotten name. The
  sudden hush, the menacing form, the

             ROMANCE __(
strange yet familiar interior—save for one
missing figure, it was my vision of M’sieu
Abraham.

  And then, as if to make it complete, the
door creaked open, and Monsieur Dugas
entered the room.

CHAPTER XVII

MONSIEUR DUGAS.

HE SLIPPED in so smoothly, so
quietly, that his presence was be-
trayed only by the squeak of the rusty
hinges. At first glance he seemed very piti-
ful and harmless, a mere filthy bundle of
rags. Then, as he turned toward the table,
his attitude declared itself.

  Though he cringed and shuffled as of
old. it was with some strange, new quality
of abasement. Now his movements were
informed with purpose—stark, deadly pur-
pose that seemed fairly to cry itself aloud.
Even before I caught sight of the weapon
in his hand, I had divined his mission.

  It was an ugly weapon—a squat, heavy
revolver of the sort known as bulldog. Also
it was at full-cock, the hammer poised and
ready, like some waiting fang.

  But worst of all was its unspeakable age
and foulness. Though hidden, I knew that
its bullets were green and rank with ver-
digris. I had seen such bulldogs, such bul-
lets, cast aside and forgotten in the gun-
shops of St. Pierre.

  All this I caught in Monsieur Dugas’
brief advance from door to table. Arriving
there, he raised his arm and brought down
the bull-dog upon the tabletop. He did
this very carefully and methodically, as if
it were something that he had rehearsed a
number of times. Then he spoke, holding
the bulldog with a steady hand.

  “I have come for my settlement, m’sieu,”
said he.

  His words held no threat or challenge,
merely the same dogged purpose that had
marked his approach. And having spoken,
he waited with the calmness of perfect as-
surance. Though bulldogs were notori-
ously inaccurate, he had placed himself
beyond the possibility of failure. There
could be no miss at that pointblank range.

  Knowing this only too well, the general
moved not so much as a muscle. He had
seated himself at the opening of the door.

so that the bulldog now pointed directly at
his chest. With so broad a mark presented
it was useless to duck or dodge.

  Also, since Monsieur Dugas’ finger was-
on the trigger, there was no chance of a
sudden spring. It was an impossible situa-
tion, and the general accepted it with a
dignity, a composure beyond belief.

  Yet all the time he was fighting gamely
with the only weapons at his command.
Once at a circus I had seen a trainer sub-
due a refractory leopard. He had done so
without force or speech, solely by the power
of his gaze. And this was what the general
was doing, boring into Monsieur Dugas’
slow determination with eyes that were like
flecks of polished steel.

  I will never forget those eyes. There
was no fear in them, no uncertainty, only
the calm, imperative force of a dominant
personality. Though the general spoke,
his words were superfluous. They seemed
merely some trifling accompaniment to that
steady, merciless gaze.

  “Put down your pistol, Dugas,” he di-
rected. “Put it down at once.”

  And he added to me, without moving his
eyes:

  “Steady, John. You can do nothing
here.”

  I marveled that Monsieur Dugas could
stand it, that his scattered wits should
allow his forthcoming reply. But then he
had lived only for this moment. There
had been plenty of time to prepare himself
in those long, empty days upon the prairie.

  “No, I will not put down my pistol,
m’sieu” he answered. “It was too hard
to get. I could not buy it. I could not
take it. I had to break in after it like a
thief. When I have had my settlement,
yes. Until then, no. All along you have
been after me. Now it is my turn.”

  He droned to a close, and the duel went
on again, the dreadful, silent duel be-
tween madness and indomitable reason. It
was heart-breaking. It was unendurable.
I fought down an impulse to rush in
screaming. Why did not Monsieur Dugas
shoot and end it? Yet how could he with
those eyes?

  It seemed an age before the change came.
And even then it was very slight and subtle,
a faint relaxation upon the part of Mon-
sieur Dugas, sensed rather than seen. His
shoulders twitched, his hand trembled.
JEAN TROUVE

83

Perhaps it was merely the natural reflex
from an intolerable strain.

  But it was enough for the general.
Slowly, majestically he arose, his eyes
never losing their clutch upon the mad-
man’s will.

  “Give me that pistol, Dugas,” he com-
manded.

  And then it happened, the backward
start, the jerk of the finger, the sudden re-
port sounding doubly thunderous in the
smallness of the room. Yet I have never
believed that Monsieur Dugas fired inten-
tionally. Mad though he was, he could
not have done so beneath that gaze.

  That he was beaten I am sure. Only in
defeat, and in the confusion of surrender
did he accomplish his purpose.

  With the crash of the bulldog I sprang,
reaching out blindly to prevent a second
shot. But Monsieur Dugas was too quick
for me. In a flash he had twisted aside
to fire again. Then, dodging back with in-
credible swiftness, he disappeared through
the half-opened door.

  At once I plunged after him, but the
general recalled me.

  “Let him go,” he ordered. “They will
catch him soon enough.”

  And so I turned back to him to find that
he had collapsed into his chair. He looked
terribly gray and crumplkl. and one hand
was pressed tightly below the level of his
waist.

  “You are badly hurt, m’sieu?’’ I ques-
tioned.

  “I am done for—shot through the mid-
dle,” he answered quietly. “And you?”

  Only then did I look down and realize
that I had been hit. In the excitement of
the moment I had felt 110 shock.

  “Through the shoulder,” I muttered,
half-fascinated by the slow welling of
blood. “I do not think that it is much.”

  For a space the general fought his agony,
his tormented eyes roaming restlessly
about. Then, all at once, they came to a
stop, and his free hand rose weakly to
point to a corner of the room.

  “Pay attention, John,” said he. “This
is important. In the safe there you will
fino the original of the will that Cestia
showed you. It is all in order, just as I
finished it upon the day I determined to
have you here.”

  He waited, panting, and went on:

  “It was not for this, although I had

been warned. I did not expect it. I merely
wished to secure you in case of accident.”
“But, m’sieu,” I began, utterly over-
whelmed. “I can not—Toinette-”

  “Live your life,” he interrupted shortly.
“The will is unconditional.”

  He waited again and added with a touch
of his old intolerance:

  “If I had lived, it would have been dif-
ferent. I would never have given in, and
you would have come here. You may rest

assured of that. As it is-”

  His voice died out and he lay back, gasp-
ing, his eyes fixed dully upon the tattered
flag above the mantel.

  “Life is strange,” he murmured. “I went
through Shiloh for thig.”	•

  He fell silent, and once more I tried to
speak to him, uttering vague, stammered
fragments of protest, of uncertainty, I
scarce knew what. But he broke in at
once, declaring that we understood each
other, that it was all settled, that I was a
Marsh and he would expect me to be one.

  He spoke harshly, impatiently; yet I
have always felt that at that moment and
in his fierce old way he was very near to
me. At least he had said that we under-
stood each othar, and this meant much
from the general.

  Afterward there was a strained, uncom-
fortable pause which was broken by the
sound of footsteps outside. At the door
they hesitated, and a young rr ■ atto peered
uncertainly in.

  “You’re all right, general?” he ques-
tioned. “It’s mighty late, and they said

they was some shots-”

  He choked silent as his eyes became ac-
customed to the smoke-laden twilight of the
room.

  “Oh my Gawd!” he began on a rising
scream.	'

  “Quiet, Paul,” ordered the general. “I
am hurt, and so is (.his gentleman, my
grandson. It was Dugas. You get the
name, Dugas. Send at once for the doctor
and notify the sheriff. Then hurry back
with help.”

  It spoke well for the general’s training
that Paul hesitated no longer. In an in-
stant he was gone, shouting as he went.

  Of what followed I remember little. For
by now I had bled a great deal and my

head was beginning to go round.

  Thus, when the footsteps returned and
the room became suddenly filled with ex-

ROMANCE CZ5BPllBBp4s^^l3
84

N E V 1 L C.

11 E N SHAW

cited servants, I could only try to lurch
forward in the general direction of the
table. Then my feet went out from under
me and I fell through vast, swirling depths
of blackness into merciful oblivion.

CHAPTER XVIII

AFTERWARD

AFTERWARD I was very ill. Of the
general’s death, which occurred that
night, of his huge, stately funeral, of the
capture and confinement of Monsieur
Dugas I knew nothing for many days.

  True, I came to myself soon after being
removed from the office and insisted upon
being taken home to the woods. But the
doctor refused, giving me a draft that sent
me back into unconsciousness again.

  Next day it was the same. I must not
even move about in bed, they told me.
There was the chance of fever, of infection.
I must keep perfectly quiet until this
danger was past.

   So I was forced to lie there, feeling very
strange and lonely in the great testered bed,
which took me back to my father’s room
and the days of the rue Bourbon.

  From my friends in the woods came mes-
sages of sympathy and assurance, but I
did not see them. They were timid folk in
that great house and it was not for them
to disobey the doctor’s command. Yet I
felt that if I did riot soon see a familiar
face, I would go mad. It was bad enough
to suffer as I was suffering now with my
shoulder. It was too much to do so alone.

  At last in my extremity I thought of Le
Bossu. Toinette had said that he was at
the bridge. Perhaps if I sent for him he
would manage to come to me. At least he
would try, and when the little man tried,
he seldom failed.

  In the end, after much careful planning
and waiting, I sent out my summons by
Paul, who, having been the general’s body-
servant, was only too anxious to serve a
new master. And Le Bossu came, gaining
entrance past my door in his own peculiar
way.

  “So, Jean,” said he with his quiet smile.
“Then Dugas has been mistreating you
again? We must make the best of it as we
did before.”

Afterward he took charge, declaring that

he had not come to visit me but to nurse
me. And the doctor, observing the effi-
ciency of his methods, the effect of his
presence, allowed him to remain.

  Thereupon he became a fixture at my
bedside, ruling me with a quiet insistence
that was not to be denied.

   I must not move so much as a finger.
This was no mosquito-bite but a deep hole
with a chunk of lead at the end.' And a
dirty chunk at that. If I squirmed about,
the dirt might be worse than the lead.

   His warning was justified when upon the
third day blood-poisoning set in. After
this for a long time I raved in ceaseless
delirium. In many ways it was like my
sickness at Bayou Portage. There was the
same careful nursing by Le Bossu, the
-same frightful visions, even the same vague
sense of a rescuing hand to draw me back
in moments of dire peril.

  And as before the hand was ever the
same, very cool and soft and caressing—
the hand of Toinette. It stayed me, it
comforted me, it made possible my final
recovery. But for it I could never have
resisted the dark malevolent tide that drew
me toward extinction.

   And yet, when at last I was myself again
and could look about me, there was no
Toinette. It had been a dream after all.
Cruelly disappointed, I questioned Le
Bossu, who reassured me with promises
for the future. Toinette was all right.
She had sent me a thousand messages. I
would see her as soon as I was well enough.

   It was not much, yet I clung to it, nurs-
ing my strength so that Toinette might the
sooner arrive. But when finally I was fit
for visitors, it was Madame Alcide who
came, very grave and tender and laden
with certain delicacies of which she knew I
was fond. To my anxious questioning she
also replied evasively.

   Toinette was not well. She had worked
too hard. No, it was nothing to worry
about, but just now she must not risk a
long drive in the sun. Of course she would
come as soon as she was able. In the
meantime I must be patient.

   It was poorly done, for Madame Alcide
was ill used to concealment. When she
had gone, I gave up. Toinette might come,
but it would not be the coming for which
I longed.

   That she did not care for me as I wished
was plain. That she was taking this means

JtSROMANCE
JEAN TROUVE

85

of impressing me with the fact was plainer
still. Otherwise she would never have de-
serted me in my hour of need.

  Had I been well and wholly myself, I
might have sought other reasons. As it
was, I became obsessed with the idea that
I had lost Toinette, that without her the
future held nothing for me.

  What if I owned Marsh Island? What
if, as Judge Cestia assured me, I was now
not only a planter, but the planter of the
parish? All this meant nothing in my
present mood.

  As for the judge, I gave him full charge
of my affairs until such time as I could
look after them myself. He was very kind
and considerate, and with my sickness my
former hostility had vanished. After all,
he had merely served the interests of one
of his numerous clients.

  In the days that followed I saw no more
of Madame Alcide. Her visit had upset
me, and it was thought best that she should
not return. But Monsieur Bonnemaison
came, driving out upon the first available
Sunday with Doctor Poussard.

  It was good to see them, to hear Mon-
sieur Bonnemaison’s glowing account of
affairs. The crop was wonderful. Never
had he seen such a stand. I would have
my hands full in grinding it.

  For the rest, he had missed me terribly.
At first it had seemed impossible to go on.
Even now he felt the need of a partner,
and he was considering Poussard. What
did I think of it? Himself for the cane,
Poussard for the store?

  And the little doctor, declaring that it
was too much, surveyed me with shining
eyes while I voiced my approval of this
combination.

  Later, when I could go outside, the other
wood-folk arrived. They came fearfully in
groups, tiptoeing upon the gallery to gaze
at me in silent awe, as if I were some
strange exalted being upon whom they were
looking for the first time.

  And as I watched them, I understood
that Judge Cestia had been right and that
I had indeed gone up on the hill, far, far
away from these former friends of mine. I
might see them, greet them, speak with
them, but they could no longer play a part
in my life. Even with Madame Alcide,
Monsieur Bonnemaison, the little doctor, it
would be much the same..

  Of them all there had been but one who

could have entered fully into this new life
of mine, and I had lost her. The loneliness
of it was unspeakable. They were all gone
save Le Bossu, and soon I must lose him.

  More than once I had protested against
the little man’s kindness only to receive the
same reply. He had started this business;
he meant to finish it. When I was well
enough, it would be time to think of
leaving.

  So I had kept him on beyond his period
of nursing, absolving my selfishness with
the thought of my necessity. For in those
final weeks of convalescence Le Bossu had
become more necessary to me than ever.
He was my confidant, my adviser and
above all my comforter.

  But now that I was up and able to move
about, I felt that in fairness I could no
longer keep him. He had had a long siege
of it and he was plainly hoVnesick.

  Perhaps he was tired, he admitted. And
although he had been very comfortable, it
would be nice to sleep beneath the stars
again. Suppose he began by looking over
his boat and laying in supplies. Then, if
everything was all right, he would leave.

  Accordingly after three days of prepara-
tion Le Bossu came to me to say good-by.
All was in readiness and he would sail with
the afternoon tide. There was much that
I had meant to tell him, yet at the last mo-
ment I could only gulp out, “Bossu.”

  But the little man understood, patting
me upon the shoulder in his old way.

  “That is all right, Jean,” said he.
“What use are the lips when the heart is
speaking? Only send for me if you need
me, and I will be satisfied. I will always
be ready and waiting for your word.

  “And" one thing more. Be a man. You
have come to a high place, and many are
dependent upon you. Remember, it is not
your happiness but theirs that must count.”

  So he left me alone with my duty.

CHAPTER XIX

THE HILLTOP

THAT afternoon, when I could stand
my loneliness no longer, I had Paul
move a chair to the outer edge of the hill-
top. Here I seated myself beneath an oak.
looking out across the marsh toward a well-
remembered bayou. It was too early for
my purpose—I must wait.

^---- ROMANCE -—^
r

80

NEVIL G HENSHAW

  In course of time a certain boat would
pass out along the bayou bound for the
bay. From my lofty perch I could follow
it far, as it twisted its way to open water.
Perhaps, when it was just below me, I
might even glimpse a figure in the cock-pit.
Thus I would see my last of Le Bossu ere
he returned to the old free life of the wild.

   So I waited, my eyes fixed hungrily upon
the marsh, my back turned squarely to
those acres that were now my own.

   Ah, to be free again, to roam these other
trackless acres, secure in the knowledge
that Toinette would be waiting for me at
the door of the hut! That was living.

   Perhaps it was all very childish and un-
reasonable, yet there was some excuse for
me. I was young. I had been very ill, and
my life seemed utterly empty. Thus, when
at last my head went down into my hands,
I felt little shame. It was weak, I knew,
but this was my darkest hour.

  And so I sat there, forsaken and hope-
less, until from behind me there came a
faint swishing as of a skirt. Then the
swishing changed to a rushing that ended
in a sudden thump beside my chair.

  “I have come, Jean,” said a voice, and
I raised my head to look straight into the
eyes of Toinette.

   One searching glance I gave them before
I held out my arms. Yes, they were the
eyes that I was looking for, the eyes that I
had treasured.

   “Toinette,” I asked at length, “why did
you not come to me when I was so ill?”

  “But I was there, Jean,” she answered.
“I never left you_ a moment. Only when
you were yourself again did I go away.”

  So that rescuing hand had really been
there. I reached out and took hold of jt.

  “And then?” I went on.

   “And then I waited,” said Toinette. “It
was hard, Jean, for I loved you truly as I
have always done. It almost broke my
heart. Yet what could I do? How else
would Tante' Aurore allow me to act?

  “You remember that day when you
wished me to marry you? All I asked was
one word of love, yet it was ,not yours to
give. True, when you left me that day in
St. Pierre, I thought that you loved me,
but how could I know? You had gone up,
far up, where you might easily wish to for-
get me. And so, if I came to you and you
did not want me——”

  Her cheeks flamed, and now it was her
head that went down against my arm.

  “Ah, Jean, can you not see?” she
pleaded. “How could I do otherwise?”

  I did not wait to see. The past made
no difference. The future counted.

  “And now?” I questioned.

  “Now we are sure, Tante Aurore and I,”
she replied, ‘^ossu came to us and told
us this morning. He has been with you
and he knows..”.

  “And you will marry me?”

  “I am here, Jean,” said Toinette simply.

   After this she fell silent, nor did I find
any need for words. I was content to lie
back in my chait; and watch her, wrapped
in the peace that is born of perfect joy.
Thus we were when at last Le Bossu’s sail
appeared winging its way into the vast,
shadowy heart of the marsh.

  Then Toinette spoke, very softly, like
one who utters a pleasant thought.

  “Papa Ton will be glad,” said she.

  And I understood, for the little man had
told me that he would put in that night at
Bayou Portage.

  Soon after this Toinette declared that
she must leave. It was late, and Achille
was very slow. Yes, she would be back
next day, bringing Tante Aurore. The old
lady could wait no longer to see me, and
besides, there were certain proprieties to
be observed. Now that I was a great man,
all eyes would be fixed upon me. •

  So we rose and crossed the hilltop to the
opposite side, where I stood for a moment,
gazing eagerly out in the direction of the
fields.

  Then we went down to where Toinette
had tied the surrey.

  Of our parting I will say nothing, save
that it was observed only by Achille. And
he was too old to care about such things.

  Climbing up to the front seat, Toinette
unsheathed her switch for the vital stroke
that would send Achille upon his way.

  “Tomorrow, Jean,” she called, and all at
once she lowered her arm.

   “It is ‘Jean’ for the last time,” she added
soberly. “Now that you have come into
your own, I must use your true name. We
can not go on as before. It would not be
fair to M’sieu the General.”

  I nodded in sudden conviction.

  “You are right, Toinette,” I agreed.
“Tomorrow I will be John Marsh.”

  So here ends the story of Jean Trouve.

THE END
The Image of Sesphra

BY JAMES BRANCH CABELL

 THEY of Poictesme narrate that in
 the old days Count Manuel mar-
 ried, and so fell into disfavor with
 King Raymond. They tell how it
 was Raymond’s daughter, the Princess
 Alianora, whom Manuel had loved and
 loved no longer, who prompted this dis-
 favor, and thereby set Dom Manuel a
 problem which stays unsolved.

   For Manuel fled oversea with his wife,
 Dame Niafer, and they came in their dis-
 tress to Sargyll where Freydis, the high
 sorceress, received them hospitably. Queen
 Freydis also, they relate, had loved Dom
 Manuel, in a sped time wherein these two
 had practised queer necromancies. Now
 Manuel had long ago forsaken these arts,
 and he had forsaken Freydis too; but he
 remembered very pleasantly the fallen old
 ancient gods and the droll monsters and
 the instructive ghosts which he and Queen
 Freydis had been used to evoke; and most
 pleasurably of all, and with a glow of
 pride, he remembered the image which he
 had made and to which they had given
 life, because in doing that, Dom Manuel
 felt, he had really accomplished a master-
 piece of artistic con jury.

   He hoped to find Freydis, the gray
 witch, more philosophic than Alianora, the
 princess: and in this hope he did not err.

   ‘‘For all passes in this world,” said
 Freydis, “and the young Manuel whom I
 loved in a Summer that is gone is nowa-
 days as perished as that Summer’s gay
 leaves. What, grizzled fighting man, have
 you to do with that young Manuel who
 had comeliness and youth and courage, but
 no 'human pity and no constant love?
 And why should I be harboring his light-
 hearted mischiefs against you?

   “Ah, no, gray Manuel, you are quite
 certain no woman would do that; and peo-
 ple say that you are shrewd. So I bid
 you very welcome to Sargyll, where my
 will is the only law.”

   “You at least have not changed,” Dom

87
88

JAMES BRANCH CABELL

Manuel replied with utter truth, “for you
seem today as fair and young as you were
that first night upon Morven when you
loaned life to the image I had made. Yet
that was a great while ago, and I make
no more images.”

  “Your wife would be considering it a
waste of time,” Queen Freydis estimated.

  “No, that is not quite the way it is.
For Niafer is the dearest and most dutiful
of women, and she never crosses my wishes
in anything.”

   Freydis smiled a little, for she saw that
Manuel believed he was speaking vera-
ciously.

   “Well,” said Freydis, “it is a queer thing
surely that in the month which is to come
your wife should be bearing your second
child under my roof and in my golden
bpd. Yet it is a queerer thing that your
first child, whom no woman bore nor had
any say in shaping, but whom you made
of clay to the will of your proud youth
and in your proud youth’s likeness, should
be limping about the world somewhere in
the appearance of a strapping tall young
fellow, and that you should know nothing
about his doings.”

  “And what do vou know about him,
Freydis?”

  “Eh, I suspicion many things, gray
Manuel, by virtue of my dabblings in that
gray art, which makes neither for good nor
evil.”

  “Yes,” said Manuel practically, ‘‘but
what do you know?”

  “I know that in Sargyll where my will
is the only law you are welcome, false
friend and very faithless lover,” she said.
He could get no more out of her.

  So Manuel and Niafer remained at
Sargyll until Niafer should be delivered.
Glittering messengers came from King
Ferdinand and from King Hoel and from
the Duke-Regent Sigurd, each proffering
this or that alliance, now these princes
knew Dom Manuel was at outs with Ray-
mond Berenger; but Manuel considered
only Niafer and let statecraft bide. Two
other ships that were laden with King Ray-
mond’s men came also in an attempt to
capture Manuel: so Freydis dispatched a
sending which caused these soldiers to run
about the decks howling like wolves and
to fling away their weapons and to fight
one against the other with hands and teeth
until all were slain.

   There was never a more decorous hostess
 than Queen Freydis, and nobody would
 have suspected that sorcery underlay the
 running of her household. It was only
 through Manuel’s happening to arise very
 early one morning that he chanced to see
 the night-porter turn into an orange-col-
 ored rat and creep into the wainscoting
 when the sun rose; and Manuel of course
 said nothing about this to Niafer.

   So the month passed prosperously and
 uneventfully, while the servitors of Queen
 Freydis behaved in every respect as if
 they were human beings; and at the
 month’s end Niafer was duly delivered of
 a girl child. It was Freydis who tended
 Niafer and Freydis who brought the
 news to Manuel and Freydis who bade
 him rejoice now that all peril was over, if
 Freydis was to be trusted.

  “And we shall celebrate the happy
-event,” said Freydis, “with a gay feast
this night in honor of your child.”

   “That is well,” said Manuel. “But I
suppose you will be wanting me to make
a speech, and I was never a great hand
at such matters.”

   “No, for your place is with your wife.
 No, Manuel, you are not bidden to this
 feast, for all that it is to do honor to your
 child. No, no, gray Manuel, you must
 remain up-stairs this evening and through-
 out the night, because this feast is for
 them that serve me; and you do not serve
 me any longer, and the ways of them
 that serve me are not your ways.”

   “Ah, ah!” says Manuel. “So there is
sorcery afoot! Yes, Freydis, I have quite
given over that'sort of thing. And while
not for a moment would I seem to be
criticizing anybody, I hope before long to
see you settling down with some fine, solid
fellow and forsaking these empty frivoli-
ties for the higher and real pleasures of
life.”

   “And what are these delights, gray
Manuel?”

   “The joy that is in the sight of your
 children, playing happily about your
 hearth and developing into honorable men
 and gracious women and bringing their
 children i if turn to cluster about your tired
 old knees, as the Winter evenings draw in,
 and in the cosy firelight you smile across
 the curly heads of these children’s children
 at the dear wrinkled white-haired face of
 your beloved and time-tested helpmate

R O M ANTE
THE IMAGE OF 5ESPHRA

8g

and are satisfied, all in all, with your life
and know that, by and large, Heaven has
been rather undeservedly kind to you,”
said Manuel, sighing.

  ‘‘Yes, Freydis, you may believe me that
such are the real joys of life and that
such pleasures are more profitably pur-
sued than are the idle gaieties of sorcery
and witchcraft, which indeed at our age,
if you will permit me to speak thus
frankly, dear friend, are hardly dignified.”

FREYDIS shook her proud dark head.
Her smiling was grim.

  “Decidedly I shall not ever understand
you. Doddering patriarch, do you not
comprehend you are already discoursing
about a score or two of grandchildren on
the ground of having a half-hour-old
daughter, whom you have not yet seen?
Nor is that child’s future, it may be, yours
to settle. Well, go to your wife, for this is
Niafer’s man who is talking, and not mine.
Go up, Methuselah, and behold the new
life which you have created and can not
control at all.”

  So Manuel went to where Niafer lay
pale and glad in the golden bed of Freydis,
and he duly looked at the contents of the
small heaving bundle at Niafer’s side; and
whether or no he scaled the traditional
peaks of emotion was no one’s concern
save Manuel’s. He began, in any event,
to talk in the vein which, he felt, this high
occasion demanded.

  But Niafer, who was never romantic
nowadays, merely said that, anyhow, it
was a blessing it was all over, and that she
hoped now they would soon be leaving
Sargyll.

  “But Freydis is so kind, my dear,” said
Manuel, “and so fond of you.”

  “I never in my life,” declared Niafer,
“knew anybody to go off so terribly in
her looks as that two-faced cat has done.
As for being fond of me, I trust her
exactly as far as I can see her.”

  “Yet, Niafer, I have heard you declare

time and again-”

  “Well, and if you did, Manuel, ofle has
to be civil.”	*,

  “You women!” he observed-discreetly.
“As if it were not as plain as the nose
on her face—and I do not suppose that
even you, Manuel, will be contending she
has a really good nose—that the woman
is simply itching to make a fool of you

again. Manuel, 1 declare I have no pa-
tience with you when you keep arguing
about such unarguable facts.

  Manuel, exercising augmented discre-
tion, said nothing whatever.

  “And you may talk yourself black in
the face, Manuel, but nevertheless I am
going to call the child Melicent, after my
own mother, as soon as a priest can be
fetched from the mainland to christen her.
No, Manuel, it is all very well for your
dear friend to call herself a gray witch,
but I do not notice any priests coming to
this house unless they are especially sent
for, and I draw my own conclusions.”
“Well, well, let us not argue about it,
my dear.”

  “Yes, but who started all this arguing
and fault-finding, I would like to know?”
“Why, to be sure I did. But I spoke
without thinking. I was wrong. I admit
it. j-o do not excite yourself, my darling.”
“And as if I could help the child’s not
being a boy.”

  “But I never said-”

  “No, but you keep thinking it, and
sulking is the one thing I can not stand.
No, Manuel, no, I do not complain; but
I do think that after all I have been
through with—” Niafer whimpered
sleepily.

  “Yes, yes,” said Manuel, stroking her
soft crinkly hair.

  “And with that silky hell-cat watching
me all the time—and looking ten years
younger than I do now—and planning I

do not know what-”

  “Yes, to be sure,” said Manuel sooth-
ingly; “you are quite right, my dear.”

  So a silence fell, and presently Niafer
slept. Manuel sat watching her with a
perplexed, fond smile. For Niafer was the
dearest and cleverest woman in the world,
of course, but it did not seem to Manuel
that she was rising to properly exalted
zones of sentiment over the advent of the
small heaving bundle at Niafer’s side.

  Nor did this Niafer appear to be quite
the girl he had married a twelvemonth
back. But even so, this Niafer was his
wife, by his own choice; and whatever
else she was, or was not, he could not now
control at all.

SOME while after Niafer was asleep,
and when the night was fairly ad-
vanced, Manuel heard a whizzing and

ROMANCE
JAMES BRANCH CABELL

 90

snorting in the air. He went to the win-
dow and lifted the scarlet curtain figured
with r.amping gold dragons, and he looked
out to find a vast number of tiny bluish
lights skipping about confusedly and
agilely in the darkness like shining fleas.
These approached the river-bank and
gathered there.

  Then the assembled lights began to
come toward the house. Manuel could
now see that these lights were carried by
dwarfs who had the eyes of owls and the
long beaks of cranes. These dwarfs were
jumping and dancing about Freydis like
an insane body-guard.

  Freydis walked among them very re-
markably attired. Upon her head shone
the uraeus crown surmounted by two
crested snakes, and she carried a long rod
of cedar-wood topped with an apple
carved in bluestone, and at her side came
the appearance of a tall young man.

  So they all- approached the, house, and
the young man looked up fixedly at the
unlighted window as if he were looking at
Manuel. The young man smiled; his
teeth gleamed in the blue glare. Then the
whole company Entered the house, and
Manuel C9UM see no more, but he could
hear smb’ll prancing hoof-beats down-
stairs and the clattering of plates and
much whinnying laughter. Manuel was
wondering what he must do, for he had
perfectly recognized the strapping tall
young fellow.

  Presently Manuel heard music; it was,
he knew, the ravishing Nis air, which
charms the mind into sweet confusion and
oblivion, and Manuel did not attempt to
withstand its wooing. He hastily un-
dressed, said a staid prayer or two, and
he slept dreamlessly.

  In the morning Dom Manuel arose early
and left Niafer still sleeping with the baby.
Manuel came down through the. lower
hall, where the table was as the revelers
had left it. In the middle of the disor-
dered room stood a huge copper vessel
half-full of liquor, and beside it was a
drinking-horn of gold.

  Manuel paused here and drank of the
sweet heather wine to hearten him. Then
he went out into the bright windy morn-
ing and to the river-bank, where that
which he loved and dreaded awaited
Manuel. Manuel knew that he went to
meet the image which he had made of

clay, and to which through unholy arts
he had given life.

  The thing came up out of the glisten-
ing ripples of brown water, and the thing
embraced Manuel and kissed him.

  “I am pagan,” the thing said in a sweet
mournful voice, “and so I could not come
to you until your love was given to the
unchristened. For I was. not ever chris-
tened, and so my true name is not known
to anybody. But in the far lands where
I am .worshiped as a god I am called
Sesphra of the Dreariis.”

  “That name has the ring of an ana-
gram,” said Manuel.

  “It is, if you insist, an anagram,” the
thing replied.

  “I did not give you any such name,”
said Manuel; and then he said, “Sesphra,
how beautiful you are!”

  “Is that why you are trembling,
Manuel?”

  I tremble because the depths of my
being have been shaken. I have lived for
a great quiet while through days made up
of small mishaps arfd little pleasures and
only half-earnest desires which moved
about upon the surface of my being like
minnows- in the shoals of a still lake.

  “But now that I have seen and heard
and touched yofi, Sesphra of the Dreams,
a passion moves in me that possesses all
of me, and I am frightened.”

  “It is the passion which informs those
who make images. It is the master you
denied, poor foolish Manuel, and the mas-
ter who will take no denial.”

  “Sesphra, what is your will with me?”
“It is my will that you go hence with
me on a long journey into the far lands
where I am worshiped as a god. For I
love, you, my creator, who gave life to me.
and you love me more than aught else, and
it is not right that we be parted.”

  “I can not go on any journey, just now,
for I have my lands and castles to regain,
and my wife and my new-born child to
protect.”

  Sesphra began to smile adorably.
“What are these things to me-and you.
or 40 any one that makes images?”

  Then Sesphra began to speak adorably,
as he walked on the river-bank, with one
arm about Dom Manuel. Always Sesphra
limped as he walked. A stiff and obdurate
wind was ruffling the broad brown shining
water, and as they walked, this wind buf-
THE IMAGE OF SESPHRA

qi

feted them and tore at their clothing.
Manuel clung to his hat with one hand
and with the other held to lame Sesphra
of the Dreams. Sesphra talked of matters
not to be recorded.

  '‘That is a handsome ring you have
there,” said Sesphra, by and by.

  “It is the ring my wife gave me when
we were married,” Manuel replied.

  “Then you must give it to me, dear
Manuel.”

  “No, no. I can not part with it.”

  “But it is beautiful, and I want it,”
Sesphra said.

  So Manuel gave him the rine.

  Now Sesphra began again to talk of
matters not to be recorded. And Manuel
saw that Manuel’s imperiled lands made
such a part of earth as one grain of sand
contributed to the long narrow beach they
were treading.

  He saw his wife Niafer as a plain-fea-
tured and dull woman, not in any way
remarkable among the millions of such
women as were at that moment preparing
breakfast or fretting over other small
tasks. He saw his new-born child as a
mewing lump of flesh. And he saw
Sesphra, whom he had made so strong and
strange and beautiful, and it was as in a
half-daze he heard that obdurate wind
commingled with the swejt voice of Ses-
phra as Sesphra talked of matters not to
be recorded.

  “Now then let us go into the house,”
said Sesphra, presently, “and write droll
letters to King Hoel and King Ferdinand
and Duke Sigurd, in reply to the fine
offers they have been making you.”

WHEN they had come into the
disordered banquet-hall, Manue!
cleared away the silver plates from one
corner of the table, and he took pen and
ink and he wrote as Sesphra dictated.

  “But these are very insulting replies,”
observed Dom Manuel, “and they will
make their recipients furious. These
princes, Sesphra, are my good frier.Js, and
they are powerful friends, upon whose
favor I am dependent.”

  “Yes, but how beautifully these replies
are worded! See now, dear Manuel, how
divertingly you have described King Hoel’s
hideous nose in your letter to King Hoel;
and in your letter to the pious Duke
Sigurd that which you say about the ab-

surdity of religion here is a masterpiece
of paradox and very exquisite prose. So
I must see to it that these replies are
sent, to make people admire you every-
where. But you and I will not bother
about these stupid princes any more, nor
will you need any friends save me, for we
will go to this and that remote stpange
place, and our manner of living will be
such and such, and we will do so- and so.
And we will not ever be parted until you
die.”

  “What will you do then, dear Sesphra?”

   “I shall survive you, as all gods outlive
their creators. And I must depute the
building of your monument to men of
feeble minds which have been properly
impaired by futile studies and senility.
That is the way in which all gods are
doomed to deal with their creators; but
that need not trouble us as yet.”

  “No,” Manuel said, “I can not go with
you.”

  The hand of Sesphra closed on the
hand of Manuel caressingly.

  Manuel said:

  “I will go with you. But what will
become of the woman and the child whom
I leave behind me unfriended?”

  “That is true,” Sesphra replied; “there
will be nobody to look out for them, and
they will perish miserably. That is not
important, but perhaps upon the whole it
would be better for you to kill them be-
fore we depart from Sargyll.”

. “Very well, then,” said Manuel. “I will
do that, but you must come up into the
room with me, for I cannot bear to lose
sight of you.”

  Sesphra said—

  “I shall not ever leave you now.”

  They went up-stairs together into the
room where Manuel’s wife Niafer lay
asleep. Manuel drew his dagger. Niafer
turned in her sleep, so that she seemed to
offer her round small throat to the raised
•knife. Manuel saw that on the other side
of the golden bed sat Queen Freydis, mak-
ing a rich glow of color there, and in her
lap was the naked new-bom child.

  Freydis rose now, holding the child to
her breast and smiling. A devil might
smile thus upon contriving some new tor-
ment for lost souls, but Manuel had not
known a fair woman’s face could be so
cruel.

  Then this evil joy passed from the face

ROMANCE
v-

JAMES BRANCH CABELL

of Freydis. She dipped her fingers into
the bowl of water with which she had been
bathing the child, and with her finger-
tips she made upon the child’s forehead
the sign of a cross.

  Said Freydis—

  “Melicent, 1 baptize thee in the name
of the Father, and of the Son, and of the
Holy Ghost.”

  Sesphra passed wildly toward the fire-
place, crying—

  “A penny, a penny, twopence, a penny
and a half, and a half-penny!”

   At his call the fire shot forth tall flames,
and Sesphra entered these flames as a
man goes between parted curtains, and
instantly the fire collapsed and was as it
had been.

  Already the hands of Freydis were
moving deftly in the sleep charm, so that
Niafer did not move. Freydis today was
resplendently robed in flame-colored silk,
and about her dark hair was a circlet of
burnished copper.

  Manuel had dropped his dagger so that
the point of it pierced the floor, and the
weapon stood erect and quivering. But
Manuel was shaken more horribly than
shook the dagger, with horror and self-
loathing. So he waited, looking at his
dear wife Niafer, who slept untroubled,
and at fiery-colored Freydis, who was
smiling rather queerly.

  “Come now,” said Freydis. "I must
tell you that Sesphra is pagan, and can
not thrive except among those whose love
is given to the unchristened. Thus he
could not come to Sargyll until the arrival
of this little heathen whom I have just
made Christian. Now w'e have only
Christian terrors here, and your fate again
is in my hand's.”

  Dom Manuel groaned.

  “Freydis,” he said, “you have rescued
me from unspeakable wickedness. A mo-
ment more and I would have slain my
wife and child because of Sesphra’s resist-
less magic.”

  Said Freydis, still smiling a queer secret
smile:

  “Indeed, there is no telling into what
folly and misery Sesphra would not have
led you. For you fashioned his l$gs un-
evenly, and he has not ever pardoned you
his lameness.”

  “The thing is a devil,” Manuel groaned
again. “Oh, I have loosed among man-

kind a blighting misery which I can not
control at all!”.

  “The thing is you as you were once,
gray Manuel. You had comeliness and
wit and youth and courage, and these you
gave the image, shaping it boldly to your
proud youth’s will and in your proud
youth’s likeness. But human pity and
any constant love you did not then have
to give, either to your fellows or to the
image or to me. So you amused yourself
by making Sesphra and me that which we
are today.”

  Now again showed subtly evil thoughts
in the bright-colored, shrewd face of
Freydis, and Dom Manuel of a sudden was
frightened. It occurred to him for the
first time that he and his loved wife and
child were in this sorcerous place at the
mercy of the whims and the unwholesome
servitors of this not very friendly looking
witch-woman. Dom Manuel thought of
that discomfortable night-porter and of
the madness that had smitten King Ray-
mond’s men and of the clattering, vicious
little hoofs of the shrill dwarfs, and this
room seemed chilly.

SO MANUEL said, with jovial laughter:
“You speak as if you had not grown
more adorable each year, dear Freydis,
and as if I would not be vastly flattered
to think I had any. hand in the improve-
ment. Yoii should not fish thus unblush-
ingly for compliments. Yet much of what
you assert is true, for I would that I had
not ever meddled in this mischancy busi-
ness of creating things I can not manage.”
Queen Freydis moved in shimmering
splendor toward the fireplace, and she
paused there, considerately looking down
at the small contention of flames.

  “Did you not, thbugh, again create
much misery when for your pleasure you
gave life to this girl child? Certainly you
must know that there will be in her life—
if life indeed be long spared to her,” said
Freydis reflectively—“far less of joy than
of sorrow, for that is the way it is with
the life of everybody. But all this like-
wise is out of your hands, for in Sesphra
and in the child and in me you have lightly
created that which you can not control.
No, it is I who control the outcome.”
“Why, to be sure,” says Manuel heart-
ily, but in a cold sweat, “and I am sure,
too, that nobody is better qualified to
1

THE 1 M AGE

handle it. Come now, Freydis. Just as
you say, this is a serious situation, and
something really ought to be done about
this situation. Come now, dear friend, in
what way can we take back the life we
gave this lovely fiend?”

  “And would I be wanting to. kill my
husband?” Queen Freydis asked, and she
smiled wonderfully. “Why, but yes, this
fair lame child of yours is my husband
today, and I love him, for Sesphra is all
that you were when I loved you, Manuel.
No, Manuel, Sesphra must live for a great
while, long after you have been turned to
graveyard-dust; and he will limp about
wherever pagans are to be found, and he
will always win much love from the high-
hearted pagans because of his comeliness
and his unfading jaunty youth. And
whether he will do any good anywhere is
doubtful, but it is certain he will do harm,
and it is equally certain that already he
weighs my happiness as carelessly as you
once weighed it.”

  ‘•Well, Freydis, but, to be sure, this puts
a new complexion upon matters, and not
for worlds would I be coming between hus-
band and wife-”

  Queen Freydis looked up from the
flames tovyard.Dom Manuel, very sadly.
Freydis shrugged, flinging out her hands.

  “And at the last I can not do that,
either. So do you two dreary unimportant
well-mated people remain unhurt, now that
I go to seek my husband, and now I en-
deavor to win my pardon for not letting
him torment you. Eh, I was tempted,
gray Manuel, to let - my masterful, fine
husband have his pleasure of you, and of
this lean, ugly woman and her brat, too,
as formerly you had your pleasure of me.

  “But women are so queerly fashioned
that at the last I can not consent to harm
this gray, staid, tedious fellow or any of
his chattels. Eor all passes in this world
save one thing only; and though the young
Manuel whom I loved in a Summer that is
gone be nowadays as perished as that Sum-
mer’s gay leaves, it is certain a woman’s
folly does not ever perish.”

  “Indeed, I did not merit that you should
care for me,” said Manuel unhappily.

  But internally he felt much more cheer-
ful, for it appeared that Freydis was not
going to do anything violent and irrepa-
rable and such as her better nature would
afterward regret.

OF SESPHRA	q)

   Queen Freydis went to the window and
 lifted the scarlet curtain figured with
 ramping gold dragons.

   “Look you now, that ship which shows
 at the river-bend, with lions and castles
 painted on her brown sails, is King Ferdi-
 nand’s ship, which he has sent to fetch
 you from Sargyll; and all your troubles
 are over, for Ferdinand will give you new
 wealth and forts and meadowlands. So
 I may now depart, to look for Sesphra,
 and for my pardon, if I can get it.”

   “But whither do you go, dear Freydis?”

   “What does that matter,” she answered,
 looking long and queerly at him, “now
 that Count Manuel has no further need
 of me?”

   Then Freydis looked at Niafer, lying
 there in a charmed sleep.

   “I neither love nor entirely hate you,
 ugly and lean and fretful Niafer, but as-
 suredly I do not envy you. You are wel-
 come to your fidgeting gray husband. My
 husband does not grow old and tender-
 hearted and subservient to me, and he
 never will.”

   Thereafter Freydis bent down, and she
 kissed the child she had christened.

   “Some day you will be. a woman, Meli-
 cent, and then you will be loving some
 man or another man. I could hope that
 you will then love the man who will make
 you happy, but that sort of man has not
 yet been found.”

THEN Freydis went away, and her
castle went with her as a smoke
passes. Manuel was thus left sitting out-
of-doors in a reaped field, alone with his
wife and child, while Ferdinand’s ship
came about.

   Niafer slept. But now the child awoke
 to regard the world into which she had
 been summoned willy-nilly, and the child
 began to whimper.

   Dom Manuel patted this intimidating
 small creature gingerly with a strong
 comely hand, from which his wedding ring
 was missing. That would require expla-
 nation.

   So Manuel devoted this brief waiting in
 a reaped field to wondering just how much
 about the past he might judiciously tell his
 wife when she awoke to question him.
 This problem, they relate, was set Dom
 Manuel in the old days, and they say, too,
 that it remains unsolved.

^	' ROMANCE
The

  BY J.

Devil s House

STORER CLOUSTON

IT WAS on a dirty afternoon in late
October that Dr. Anstruther turned out
of the mud and crowds and traffic of
New Bond Street' into the Well known
show-rooms of Messrs. Marshlev & Wal-
dron. That was when Marshlev & Wal-
dron were in their old premises, a short
way up from Piccadilly, and when motor-
omnibuses and cars were yet in the womb
of Time, and on a day like this your
trousers were splashed by the wheels of
hansoms and such-like prehistoric vehicles.

  “I’ll just have a look round by myself,
thank you,” he said to the young man who
advanced, and strolled on slowly through
the rooms.

  The doctor was a tall, gaunt, large-boned
Scotchman with a clipped gray mustache
and ragged eyebrows and a dry, reserved
manner; yet underneath the formidable
brows and the caustic speech a very occa-
sional twinkle in the eye and a surprizing
flavor of geniality in his rare smile hinted
at the reason why his friends, though few,
were devoted. .

  It was that quality, in fact, of friendship
which had first Jed him into Marshlev &
Waldron’s. A retired Anglo-Indian and a
confirmed bachelor, he had settled in the
east coast hamlet of Chipping-Urby a few
months after his old friend Colonel Barlow
retired from the army and came to live at
Urby Hall.

  The pair had always been intimate
cronies and by this time had grown to be
inseparable; the more readily as, the doctor
had no near relatives and the colonel only
one, his nephew and reputed heir, Vincent
Barlow, a young barrister living in Lon-
don: while neighbors in that part of the
world were almost non-existent.

  Colonel Barlow was a man of ample
means and a passionate collector, especially
of rare china, but with a strong distaste
for London and indeed for towns and town-
life of any kind. Dr. Anstruther. on the
other hand, liked to run up to town oc-

04
THE DEVIL'S HOUSE

casionally, and on these occasions used to
look round the show-rooms and curiosity-
shops on his friend’s behalf. He himself
was a collector in a modest way and an
excellent and sagacious judge.

  Such a valuable client was not apt to be
left long alone, and he had hardly been
there five minutes before Mr. Waldron him-
self came forward and greeted him affably,
the Mr. Waldron of those days being a
square-shouldered gentleman with a waxed
red mustache and a pale, business-like eye.

  “We happen,” said he, “to have an ar-
ticle of vertu at present that the colonel
might quite fancy. I have noticed his
taste is generally for the odd and unusual;
in fact, sir, one might almost say for the
outre. I think that is so, doctor?”

  Dr. Anstruther was a man of few words.
He merely nodded and agreed that Colonel
Barlow’s taste did run that way.

  “It’s a quite remarkably outre article,”
said Mr. Waldron. “Quite unusually outre.
In fact it’s a little too much so for most
people.”

  Both by profession and instinct the doc-
tor was an observant man, and it struck
him even at that moment that there was
something a little curious in Mr. Waldron’s
laugh. He followed him through two or
three show-rooms, and then, as they ap-
proached a wide shelf on which a space
seemed to have been cleared round a single
object, he was again struck, this time by a
curious note in Mr. Waldron’s voice.

  “Tut, tut!” he exclaimed impatiently.
“What bit of nonsense is this now?”

  This single object was covered with a
cloth thrown loosely over it, and as Mr.
Waldron spoke, he plucked it off and threw
it aside with an air of considerable irrita-
tion, the doctor noticed.

  Dr. Anstruther himself was one of tlje
most imperturbable and least fanciful of
men, yet hardly was the cloth off when he
was conscious of a curious wish that it
were on again. The vase that stood re-
vealed was tall and of a foreign and ornate
design, but beyond the fact that it had.
generally speaking, a kind of spiky ap-
pearance, he was hardly conscious of its
details, his eye was so filled by one figure
embossed on it in low relief, and the im-
pression produced by this figure was so
singular. For some moments he gazed at
it in silence, and it was with a conscious

  effort that he turned away his eyes at last
and spoke.

  “I don’t like it,” he said. “What do
they call the thing?”

  “In our catalog we called it the Lut-
zingen Vase,” said Mr. Waldron. “But
that’s only where it comes from—Lutzingen
in Brartdenberg. It has also a kind of
popular name, so to speak, which means, I
believe, ‘The Devil’s house.’ ”

  “First part is suitable enough,” muttered
Dr. Anstruther, looking hard at the vase
under his eyebrows, “but why ‘house’?”
“Why it was called so I have no idea,
but we are hoping to get some more infor-
mation about its story, and if we do, I’ll
be happy to send it on to Colonel Barlow.”
Dr. Anstruther nodded absently. His
thoughts seemed singularly engrossed.

  “The only figure on it,” the other con-
tinued, “is this curious gentleman, who
seems to be a kind of high dignitary or
possibly a learned professor; his robes
might do for either. The vase is certainly
some centuries old, and it is hard to say
exactly what he was meant for.”

  But it was not the robes of the squat,
round-paunched figure that fascinated and
repelled the doctor. It jyas the broad,
gross, smiling face with the remarkably
bulging eyes. And yet even that seemed
scarcely ugly enough to give him the very
odd sensation that kept running down his
spine all the time he stood there and in-
creased disagreeably every time he looked
the creature straight in the eye.

  “It is an evil thing,” murmured Dr.
Anstruther, more to himself apparently
than aloud.

  “Kind of odd feeling he gives one,”
agreed Mr. Waldron, who looked if possible
even less likely to be subject to odd sen-
sations than the doctor, being in fact the
very incarnation of commercial shrewdness
and assurance. “One or two of our as-
sistants get quite scary, especially as it’s
growing toward evening and before we light
up. That’s the meaning of this foolish-
ness.”

  As he spoke, he indicated the cloth with
his foot.

  “Nervoils chickens, I call ’em,” he said,
“but I suppose some people are built that

way.”

He lowered his voice a little and added—
“The worst of this bit of silliness is that
the thing might get stolen and something
J. STORER CLOUSTON

t)6

else put in its place, and you’d never know
while this cloth was over it.”

  “I should hardly think it was a thing a
thief would select,” observed Dr. An-
struther.

  Mr. Waldron tugged the end of his stiff
red mustache.

  "One would scarcely think so,” he
agreed. “But it’s a queer case. I hardly
know what to think.”

  “Humph,” grunted Dr. Anstruther.
“Well, to me it seems safe enough. And
now I think I’ll look at something else.”
Frowning formidably, he looked the fig-
ure hard in the eye before he turned away,
as if defying it to intimidate a veteran who
had looked heathen idols and sudden death
in the face for thirty years, and then the
two passed into another show-room.

  “It doesn’t appeal to you then, sir?”
inquired Mr. Waldron.

  “It does not,” said Dr. Anstruther em-
phatically. “Does it appeal to anybody?”
“It isn’t my own taste certainly. In fact,
speaking unprofessionally, it hardly seems
to me what you’d call a healthy taste.
Still, as a matter of fact, I’ve seen one or
two who seemed hardly able to tear them-
selves away from it. There’s a foreign

chap in particular-”

  Mr. Waldron broke off suddenly, and
then, touching the doctor’s arm, said in a
lowered voice:

  “There he conies now! The thing seems
to be a regular magnet for the fellow—
just look at him, sir.”

  P'rom where they stood they could see
into the other show-room, and there, slowly
approaching the vase with his back half-
turned toward them appeared a well-
dressed young man in a black felt hat. Dr.
Anstruther studied him with pursed lips
and an intent professional look in his eye.
More and more slowly the young man came
toward the vase, stopping sometimes as if
he hesitated and almost decided to flee, and
then drawn on by a force too strong for
him. The simile of the snake and the bird
rose vividly to the doctor’s mind.

  “Quite interesting.” he murmured. “I’ve
seen natives attracted like that by the
filthiest looking idols—women especially.
Temptation takes damned queer forms.

Hullo-”

  He broke off and his eyes opened wide.
The young man had come right in front
of the vase by this time, and now, with a

 jerky impulsive movement, as if forced de:
 spite his judgment, he raised his hand and
 deferentially bared his head. It was a
 curiously square head, Dr. Anstruther no-
 ticed, with very close-cropped fair hair,
 and it bent a little forward involuntarily
 toward the vase.

   “Great Scott!” exclaimed Mr. W’aldron.
 “The chap is taking off his hat to it!”

   His voice must have reached the young
 man, for he turned with a violent start and
 for a moment showed a pale face with
 wide-open blue eyes staring in their direc-
 tion. It was an open, pleasant and simple
 face, the doctor thought in. the few seconds
 it was turned toward them, and "then the
 young man hastily put on his hat and hur-
 v ried out of their sight.

   “What a rum go!” commented Mr. Wal-
 dron.

   “Very,” murmured Dr. Anstruther.

 ABOUT the middle of the day, a week
 later, Vincent Barlow rang the bell
 of his sitting-room in Ebury Street and
 asked to see his landlady. While waiting
 for her, he stood looking out of the window,
 as he had been looking before he rang, a
 slight frown on his usually good-humored
 face and his hands impatiently jingling the
 coins in the pockets of his tweed trousers.
 From his costume it seemed evident that he
 must be going out of town.

    It was a slim, dark-haired, good-looking
 specimen of the briefless young barrister
 who turned from the window to greet his
 landlady when she entered.

   “This is a great nuisance,” he began.
 “I’m afraid I must ask you to give me a
 little lunch in my rooms before I go. My
 uncle has asked me to take down rather a
 valuable bit of china which he has been
 buying. Marshley & Waldron were to have
 sent it round here ready-packed first thing
 this morning, but it hasn’t come and I can’t
 start without the thing.

   “I’m going round now to their place to
 see what has happened. If by any chance
 it comes while I am away, please see that
 the bearer understands that I haven’t
 started for Urby Hall yet but am coming
 back to my rooms; and let him leave the
 thing here. Be very careful of it. The
 lord knows how much my uncle has paid
 for it.”

    He snatched up his hat and was off, and
 it was over an hour before he returned.

■ aOJBB_

R O M A NCE
7

THE DEVILS HOUSE

97

     ‘‘That china vase is going to play the
   dickens with my week-end in the country,”
   he told his landlady half-humorously when
   he got back. “It seems that some other
   collector is after it and has persuaded
   Marshley & Waldron not to send it off till
   he has telegraphed an offer to my uncle;
   so here I’ve got to wait till they get Colonel
   Barlow’s answer.”

     About four o’clock a note came round by
   hand and Vincent said with resignation:
   “Well, my uncle has refused the offer
   and the vase will be packed up and sent
   to meet me at Liverpool Street in time to
   catch the seven-forty-five. That’s the only
   train left now—and a rotten bad one at
   that.”

  AS HE followed his porter toward the
  train, Vincent Barlow glanced over

•	his shoulder at the illuminated clock and
   saw that it was twenty-five minutes to
   eight. Ahead of him, down the whole
   drafty length of the lamplit platform he
   noticed only one fellow passenger, a man
   in an overcoat and a black felt hat, and
   when this man had turned into a carriage,
   he and the porter were alone.

     Vincent had a quick imagination and he
   was accustomed to, and, being young, en-
   joyed its tricks, yet he was sharply and a
   little disagreeably surprized by the acute
   sense of loneliness which suddenly pos-
   sessed him now. That Liverpool Street
   platform seemed to him the most depress-
   ingly desolate spot he had ever visited, and
   though as a rule he was most particular in
   securing a carriage to himself, it gave him
   a fresh touch of depression to see that not
   only was the third-class compartment he
   selected empty but all the other compart-
   ments in that coach likewise.

     “There seem to be very few people trav-
   eling by this train,” he remarked, and then
   added: “Be careful with that box, porter;
   it contains china.”

     “China?” said the man. “I was wonder-
  ing what was in it. It ain’t one of them cre-
  mation-urns, is it, sir?”

     For an instant Vincent looked at the box
   askance and then he laughed and said—
   “Not as bad as that.”

     “I was wondering,” said the porter with
   an odd look at the box.

     He placed it on the seat and went away,
   and for a minute or two Vincent hung out
   of the window, watching his retreating

ROM

back, and then with a conscious effort drew
the window up and settled himself in a
corner of the carriage.

  It was a blustering October evening and
even under the station roof he could hear
the rushing and the sighing of invading
eddies from the wind without. Now and
then they made the window rattle and
promised a chilly journey over the east
coast flats.

  Behind his youthful ardor for the gaieties
of town Vincent had a deep affection for
vacant country spaces and the seaboard
regions, and as a rule a journey like this,
out of London at dark into the dead of the
country, gave him a pleasing sense of ad-
venture.

  But tonight his spirits fell with every
minute he sat waiting for the train to start,
and, what surprized and disconcerted him
most, was that he found himself wishing
that some fellow passenger would choose
this compartment to keep him company.

  They started at last and he wrapped his
rug about his knees, lighted his pipe and
tried to bury himself in a novel. Yet at
each station, while they passed through the
environs of the town, he caught himself
instinctively glancing at the window and
feeling each time a sense of disappointment
that no one entered. And then when the
black country succeeded the strings of
lamps and the stopping-places grew few,
he threw down his book and sprang to his
feet.

  This time it was more than a sense of
loneliness that oppressed him. A nasty
fancy had begun already to touch his
nerves and make them quiver, and now it
became intolerable. He was far from
timid; his nerves were usually under ad-
mirable control, and his high spirit scorned
this intruding fancy.

  Yet more and more loudly a voice
seemed to say to him—

  “There is somebody else in this car-
riage.”

  He stood still for a moment, wrestling
with the impulse, and then nothing could
withhold him from dropping on to his knees
and looking first under one seat and then
under the other. To make sure, he even
took his stick down from the rack and
passed it along.

  “You fool!” he said to himself; yet he
caught himself breathing more easily.

  He sat down again and picked up his.
q8	J. STORER

book, but again that unnerving fancy was
too strong for him. He knew for certain
now it was only fancy, for, save under the
seat, where could a fellow passenger hide
himself in a third-class railway-carriage?

  And then he found his eyes instinctively
turning to that square wooden box which
the porter had so carefully placed on the
opposite seat. And each glance he gave it
was more uncomfortable.

  “Can the thing actually be an antique
cremation-urn?” he wondered for an in-
stant and then almost laughed aloud at the
idea of any urn containing a concealed fel-
low passenger.

  But then again he wondered what had
made the porter ask that question and eye
the box so oddly. Had he felt something
of the same discomfort as he wheeled it on
his barrow? If so, could his own feeling
be mere fancy?

  They stopped at a station, and with a
vast sense of relief he-let down the window
and leaned out. The clean night air
seemed to blow the disturbing fancy out of
his head, and when they started, he left
the window down and let the wind whistle
into the carriage all the way to Gilswood
Junction. Uncomfortable he still remained,
yet the fresh drafts of air seemed to have
a tonic effect, as if the fancy were morbid
and its cause unclean and the pure wind
from the sea disinfected the carriage.

  The special feature of this evening train
to which Vincent had objected was the
change which its passengers had to make at
Gilswood and the tedious wait of an hour
before the connection for Chipping-Urby
could be caught. That night, with the
platforms in half-lighted darkness and the
wind tearing through them as through a
funnel, and hardly a passenger to be seen
but himself, the prospect was even less ex-
hilarating than usual.

  As he went toward the refreshment-room,
he was conscious of one or two figures pass-
ing out of the station farther up the plat-
form, but at the moment those were all he
noticed, and the refreshment-room itself
struck him vividly as emptiness incarnate.
He had not ventured to let his uncle’s
precious vase out of his sight, and so he
carried the box in with him, placed it on a
chair and went to the counter.

  The hour of the train’s departure from
London had meant a chop at his rooms in-
stead of dinner at his club, and he now

CLOUST.ON

bought a plate of sandwiches and a cup of
cocoa and bore them to one of the tables by
the wall.

  “Thank Heaven, this will serve to kill
some of the time!” he said to himself.

  The place was a typical railway refresh-
ment-room, large, gaunt and ill-lighted. On
this particular evening it was full of drafts
and flickering shadows within and besieged
by the wind without. The waitress van-
ished after she had served him; the light
was too bad for reading, and as he sat there
with his sandwiches, there began to creep
over Vincent the same uncomfortable,
haunting fancy that had depressed him in
the train.

  On the chair beside him stood the
wooden box, and before long he found him-
self with his elbow on the table and his
head on his hands, staring at that square
case and wondering—insistently wondering.

  The creak of a chair which disturbed him
seemed for an instant to be the twang of
his own startled nerves. He turned his
head sharply, to see a man sitting at that
same table a few feet from his elbow. But
for that one creak as the stranger settled
himself in his chair, he might have dropped
out of space.

  “I am afraid I have a little startled you,”
said the stranger politely.

  Startled though Vincent unquestionably
was, his eyes wore merely the impassive
steady English stare that simply says, “I
don’t know who you are”; that barrier
which, along with the North Sea, has kept
the outer world for centuries at arm’s
length.

  But behind it he was observing. From
his accent, the man was a foreigner, he no-
ticed, and neither his clothes nor the close-
cropped fair hair beneath the black felt
hat had the British cut. He was young;
his face was open, simple and serious; and
his manner seemed to Vincent indefinitely
suggestive of some secret excitement held
tight on leash.

  On his part, the stranger seemed to
fidget a little under the young Englishman’s
gaze.

  “I must apologize—” he began.

  “Not at all,” said Vincent briefly.

  For a few moments the stranger said
nothing more He had ordered no refresh-
ments and simply sat there with his elbows
on the table, twisting his fingers a little.
Then he remarked—
THE DEVILS HOUSE

  “There seems to be a curious feeling in
the air tonight.”

  Again Vincent was startled, for there
was that in the young man’s tone which
suggested they shared a confidence, and he
was only too well aware how vivid this
curious feeling was to himself. Yet his
voice remained cool and his eyes guarded.

  The young man was manifestly growing
nervous and his fingers were twining and
intertwining faster, but a look of stolid
resolution had mounted to his eyes and
stayed there. When he spoke again, his
voice was deliberate with the deliberation
of strong control.

  “You have noticed it too,” he said
quietly, “and you have been wondering.
Yes, it is strange and seems not easy to
account for.”

  A subtle hint in his eye more than his
voice that he was not so mystified himself
broke a little into Vincent’s reserve.

  “Can you account for it?” he found him-
self asking.

  “It is because you are taking away some-
thing that you should not take.”

  Vincent was sitting at the side of the
oblong table and .the stranger at the end.
Between them, under Vincent’s elbow, was
the chair on which the box was resting.
Both glanced at it, the stranger eagerly
and yet with a little shudder, Vincent
quickly and only for an instant. The next,
his eyes were on the stranger’s.

  “You seem to know my name,” he ob-
served dryly.

  “Yes,” said the other, talking quietly
now and with his restraint ebbing away as
he spoke, “I know all about you, Mr. Bar-
low. It is the vase which you are taking to
your uncle. It was I that telegraphed to
buy it back from him today—for he ought
not to have it. But he has refused—re-
fused me any price.

  “My own name is Helmolt. I am not
myself rich but I am what you call of a
good family—von Helmolt we are really
called; and I have many friends and rela-
tions with influence and with mortcy. But
I could not get them to realize till it was
too late and when they sent me at last the
money to buy the vase, then it was too late
—just too late!”

  There was something so urgent and sin-
cere in the young man’s flow of words that
Vincent’s mouth relaxed.

  “Bad luck,” he murmured.

  Von Helmolt’s blue eyes began to light
up.

  “You sympathize?” he cried eagerly.
“Ah, I shall tell you more! This vase is a
national relic. It should never have gone
out of its own country. And now it must
return to its country.”

  “How?” asked Vincent dryly.

  The other grew even more insistently
earnest.

  “You and I shall try to think of a way,
Mr. Barlow,” he said, lowering his voice.
“Put yourself in the position of me. Imag-
ine an English relic, something historic,
something unique, something of not so
great value in itself but of so much senti-
ment and value to you.”

  He glanced at the box as he spoke, and
it was curious to note the mixture of gloat-
ing and yet of something like shrinking that
seemed to affect him for an instant.

  “Then imagine it going away from Eng-
land, and how would you feel? That is
how I feel.”

  Though Vincent had treated his profes-
sion lightly enough, he had yet acquired
something of its scepticism and something
of its mask.

  “I see,” was his only remark..

  “If you see, surely you can also feel a
little.”

  Again Vincent looked at him without
discernible expression.

  “Well?” he asked.

  “Well, Mr. Barlow, I offer you three
hundred pounds for that vase.”

  “Unfortunately it isn’t mine to sell.”
  “Four hundred pounds!”

  “I tell you, Mr. von Helmolt, it isn’t
mine to sell.”

  “Five hundred pounds! Come now, Mr.
Barlow, I know all about you. You have
debts; you need money. You can give
your uncle whatever share of that live hun-
dred pounds you choose. It covers nearly
ten times what he paid, so there will be
plenty for you both. Or, if you like, the

box might simply get stolen-”

  “I think I hear my train,” said Vincent.
As he rose, the other laid his hand be-
seechingly on his arm.

  “But surely, my friend-”

  Vincent shook the hand off with a sharp
movement of his arm, so sharp that it
struck against the chair between them and
the box upon it rattled and slid an inch or
two toward the edge.

ROMANCE
J. STORER CLOUSTON

  The most extraordinary change came
over Helmolt.

  “For God's sake!” he cried in an
agonized voice.

  But on the instant Vincent had seized
the rope round the box, and the man’s cry
died into a gasp of relief.

  “If you were to break that vase-”

   Again he broke off and looked at Barlow
half-imploringly and half-menacingly.

  “If you break it, or any one breaks it—
beware! That which is in it— Oh, my
God, but it must not get broken! It must
not!”

  Vincent looked at him with a kindlier
expression. The man was mad, he felt cer-
tain, and he said to him soothingly:

  “That’s all right, I shall be careful.
Don’t worry about it.”

  A distant rumble rose faintly above the
voices of the wind. This time he knew it
actually was the train, and with a nod and
a “good evening” he crossed the room to-
ward the platform.

  Glancing over his shoulder as he went
through the swinging door, he saw Helmolt
with his feet planted apart and his head a
little thrust forward, staring, it seemed,
at the box he carried rather than at him-
self.

   “Obviously mad,” he said to himself with
the confidence of youth.

SHORTLY after seven o’clock Dr. An-
struther left his house to dine at the
hall. He had to pass through the strag-
gling street of the little village on his way,
where the greatest house was the small
ancient tavern obscurely styled “The Yel-
low Mouse” (a quadruped surmised by the
learned to be descended from the “Maunch
d’or” in the arms of the early lords of
Lirby).

  In the light of a young moon its sign-
board hung black above the side-walk, and
beyond, a dark figure approached. Every
inhabitant of the village was well known
to the doctor by this time, and this man
was not one of them, he decided.

  As they drew nearer, there seemed to be
something vaguely familiar in the figure—
a young man in an overcoat and a dark felt
hat, he seemed to be; and then before they
had approached near enough to see more
distinctly, the stranger turned into The
Yellow Mouse. A curious suspicion shot
through the doctor’s mind.

  It was barely half-past seven when he
passed through the lodge-gates, and as he
still had plenty of time, he strolled slowly
up the avenue. Two lines of tall beech-
trees nearly met over his head, but their
leaves were fast thinning and the crescent
moon gave light enough to see glimpses of
the park on either hand, and, more dimly,
the gray old house ahead.

  He noticed that the air was unusually
still for the time of year in those regions.
Under the trees the evening, indeed, felt
even close.

  “If it were July, one would expect thun-
der,” he thought.

  So constantly did Dr. Anstruther dine at
the hall and so unvarying was the routine
that it gave him a sharp shock of surprize
to find himself shown into the drawing-
room. Save on the very rare occasions
when there were a party of other guests, it
had always been the library; but tonight
a fire was burning here, and, what surprized
him afresh, a paper and a couple of maga-
zines seemed to show that the colonel had
been sitting there during the afternoon.

  “Some repairs must be going on in the
library,” he deduced.

  Colonel Barlow entered, a middle-sized,
wiry-looking man with a weather-beaten
face and a quiet, resolute eye. A mouth
and chin firm to the point of obstinacy gave
a hint of the qualities that had given him
a fighting-reputation still remembered in
India, and since then made him the most
pertinacious and indefatigable of collectors.

  Yet tranquil good humor was the chief
impression given by his face in repose, and
still more so when he spoke and smiled.

  “You’ve moved into the drawing-room, I
see,” said his friend, and once again he was
surprized, this time to find his remark
barely answered.

  Colonel Barlow murmured something
vague about “a change,” and then, as usual
in that house, dinner was announced with
military punctuality.

  The colonel detested the trammels of
conventionality and made it a rule that his
servants should not stand about in the
dining-room overhearing the conversation.
When he wanted to talk, he liked to talk
freely, and tonight he began abruptly—
“Vincent has been down here for the
week-end.”

  “You told me he was coming.”

  “His manners are not improving.”

ROMANCE
THE DEVIL'S HOUSE

101

  “His manners!”

  The doctor stared at his host.

  “What’s the matter with them?”

  “Pie has been spending too much
money,” said the colonel shortly. “And
when I told him what I thought of his ex-
travagance, he was rude to me. I can’t
stand rudeness, Anstruther, even from
Vincent.”

  Dr. Anstruther got a very sharp and a
very unpleasant shock of surprize this time.
The mere fact of a quarrel between this
uncle and nephew, usually the best of
friends and mutually attached, was aston-
ishing. His host’s petulant irritation was,
knowing the man so well, perhaps even
more unexpected.

  “What actually happened?” he asked
quietly.

  Colonel Barlow hesitated. He was a
reserved man and strongly averse from the
discussion of matters that touched him
nearly, but gradually in the course of the
dinner he let fall the incidents of his
nephew’s visit and their unfortunate con-
versation.

  And as they came out, Dr. Anstruther
wondered the more. There seemed to have
been no reasonable grounds at all for any
serious difference; either on the part of
uncle or nephew. There was no story, in
fact, to tell, unless something were being
held back.

  Yet there seemed to be the less reason to
suspect this, since his host’s resentment
seemed gradually to fade away, till by the
time the mahogany table was cleared, after
the custom of the house, and the port was
passed, it had quite vanished, and he" was
his old quiet self again. It was as if the
fumes of something disagreeable had dissi-
pated at last.

  Both men were abstemious drinkers and
heavy smokers, and as a rule after a glass
of port they adjourned at once to the
library, but tonight Colonel Barlow passed
the decanter thrice and then had the cigars
brought into the dining-room. And all the
while Dr. Anstruther was conscious that
he had not yet talked of all he meant to.
At last he said, a little abruptly—

  “Well, Anstruther, I bought that vase
after all.”

  “I thought you would—just to show your
independence of my opinion.”

  The doctor smiled a little as he spoke,
but there was no smile in response.

  “It is—” began the colonel, and then •
hesitated. “It’s a devilish queer article.”
Dr. Anstruther nodded.

  “I suspected that would attract you.”

  “It doesn’t attract me now-”

  Again Colonel Barlow broke off and then
added:

  “And yet in a way it does. Come and
have a look at it.”

  He jumped up suddenly and walked
quickly to the door, like a man bracing
himself to do something he shrank from,
the doctor noticed, and it struck him for-
cibly that in all his long friendship with
Barlow he had never seen him act quite
like this before.

  Entering the library at Urby Hall after
a pleasant dinner with his old friend and
with an evening’s talk ahead always ap-
pealed to Dr. Anstruther as one of the
happy moments of life. The innumerable
multitude of books in their ordered rows,
the wide blazing fire making the gilt letters
twinkle, the shaded lamps, the old leathern
easy-chairs and the aroma of excellent
cigars seemed to him to leave nothing else
for fancy to desire. But tonight as he
crossed the threshold he realized on the
instant, without a word said by either, why
the colonel had been sitting in the drawing-
room, why he had lingered over dinner,
even why he had quarreled with his
nephew.

  His eyes turned at once and instinctively
to the left, again without a word to prompt
him, and he saw the vase from his first
step into the room. It stood on top of the
long bookcase that ran down that side of
the room, a little above the level of his
head, and from that height the squat gross
figure seemed to look down at him with a
smile at once intimately familiar and con-
temptuous.

  And behind the smile there exuded an
atmosphere for which he could not find a
name which should sum up what he could
only call its beastliness.

  Colonel Barlow closed the door, and both
men went to the fire and then turned and
stood side by side with their backs to it,
gazing at the vase.

  “Well, Barlow, frankly I don’t call it
pretty,” said the doctor at last, and as he
spoke* he had an odd feeling that his crit-
icism was overheard; as if he were half-
aware of some one behind the curtains or
under the table.

ROMANCE
lOl

J. STORE R CLOUSTON

  “It’s the most hideous thing I ever
bought.”

  “Too outre, as Mr. Waldron calls it, even

for you?”

  “Yes,” said the colonel curtly, and then
in a moment added with a touch of im-
patience most unusual in his voice, “Well,
if you’ve looked at it long enough, let’s sit

down.”

  They sat down with their backs to the
vase, and each in turn tried to start the
conversation, but it lapsed after a sentence
or two. Nearly five minutes of dead silence
followed, and then, though he had tried to
turn his thoughts in every other direction,
Dr. Anstruther found himself asking sud-
denly—

  “Did you have your talk with Vincent in
>his room?”

  The colonel nodded.

  “With that thing standing there?”

  “Yes,” said the colonel, looking straight
into the fire.

  The doctor said nothing more, but he
was amazed to catch himself accepting a
bit of old china as a perfectly adequate ex-
planation of why two of the most good-
humored men of his acquaintance should
lose their tempers.

  All at once Colonel Barlow threw his
cigar away and jumped up as if to get a
pipe from the mantelpiece. He put out his
hand to the pipe-rack and then withdrew it,
turned round and abruptly exclaimed:

  “I’m going to turn the damned thing
round. I can’t stand the look of that crea-
ture.”

  Dr. Anstruther saw him go to the book-
shelf and put up his hand.

  “I can reach it better,” he suggested,
jumping up too.

  But it was one of the colonel’s few little
weaknesses that he disliked being thought
short of stature. He did not even conde-
scend to rise on tiptoe, but with an im-
patient movement tried to turn the vase
well above his head.

  “Steady!” exclaimed the doctor.

  The vase was swaying already and before
he could stride across the room the thing
had happened. Colonel Barlow just man-
aged to break its fall or it would have
shivered into a hundred fragments. As it
was, it broke with a crash and lay in three
great pieces on the floor.

  “My God!” said the colonel, and if the
doctor did not say it, he thought it.

  And it was not the mere accident that
affected them. Recalling his feeling after-
ward, it seemed to Dr. Anstruther—and
Colonel Barlow confessed to the same sen-
sation—as if the nasty atmosphere of that
room had become concentrated a hundred-
fold. And then both men found themselves
breathing easily and even smiling at each
other over the pieces of china. It was as
if a cloud had burst in thunder and a fresh,
clean breeze sprung up.

  “That’s a lesson to a young man to be
careful,” said the colonel with his usual
good-humored philosophy.

  “Yes,” said the doctor dryly, “you can’t
give that vase away as a wedding present."

  “I can’t afford to do this sort of thing
often,” added the colonel, though with
singularly little appearance of annoyance
for a man who had just broken an exceed-
ingly valuable curio.

  They picked up the pieces and laid them
on top of the bookcase again, and it struck
Dr. Anstruther as a curious circumstance
that the squat figure seen in two halves,
though ugly as ever, seemed to have quite
lost his peculiar repulsiveness. And when
he remarked on this, his friend agreed with
him.

  When they returned to the fire and
lighted their pipes and fell into their ac-
customed leather chairs, their talk started
straightway on its familiar lines.

  “We’ll shoot the North Side on Friday,”
began the colonel.

  ‘“Lining that high hedge for the first
drive as usual, I suppose?” said the doc-
tor.

WHEN Dr. Anstruther left a few
minutes after midnight, the young
moon was then low in the sky and it was
appreciably darker in the avenue. The
glimpses of the park were dimmer, the
shadows through which he walked were
blacker, and the air, it seemed to him, had
grown still closer. The doctor, in fact,
soon threw off his overcoat and strode
down toward the lodge-gates with his white
shirt-front making a little light spot in the
gloom.

  For some reason his thoughts went back
suddenly and vividly to his old days in a
certain frontier station, when the tribes
were restless and sentries were being sniped
by daylight and suffered a still gorier fate
at night.
THE DEVIL'S HOUSE

ioj

  “A nice mark this shirt would make, if
there were a Pathan behind one of those
trees,” he thought; and then, to his an-
noyance, he caught himself glancing sus-
piciously to the right and left in turn and
even quickening his stride a trifle.

  “I am growing senile,” he said to himself,
and the next instant stopped dead with a
sudden contraction in the region of his
heart.

  A dark figure was actually standing
within five paces of him, a figure that first
seemed to loom up to a gigantic height, and
then, as he kept his eyes hard and frown-
ing upon it, appeared to shrink to a lesser
stature than his own. Neither said a word,
but he was conscious both of an intense
scrutiny and of a swift return of that same
repellent sensation he had felt in the li-
brary.

  “You’ll know me next time, my man,”
he rapped out in his harshest voice—and
Dr. Anstruther’s voice could be very for-
midable. “Who are you?”

  Without a sound the figure slunk away,
so swiftly that in another instant it had
utterly vanished into the shadows, and yet
so silently that he did not even hear a foot-
fall. He strode to where he judged it to
have stood and said to himself:

  ‘‘The fellow must have been standing on
the grass, though I could have sworn he
was nearer. Who the devil can it have
been?”

  To give chase was so obviously futile
that after peering into the shadows for a
minute or two he resumed his walk down
the avenue. More and more slowly he
paced,, till, when he reached the lodge-
gates, he stopped short for the space of
several minutes. The stranger had ap-
parently been coming in the opposite direc-
tion and had certainly gone on toward the
hall, and the more he reflected on this, the
stronger grew the doctor’s reluctance to
leave his friend’s house unwatched and un-
warned.

  To stand by the avenue and expose him-
self seemed unlike the conduct of a thief;
still, it had been a suspicious incident.

  And then the spirit of the old hunter
decided the matter. He put on his over-
coat again to hide his shirt-front, pulled his
soft hat down over his face and retraced
his steps, walking on the grass this time.

  All the way up the avenue he saw not
a glimpse of a living thing and heard not

a sound, though the night was so still that
the breaking of the slightest twig would
have been audible to his keen ears. The
house, as he drew near, was a dark mass
unbroken by a glimmer of light and to all
appearances quiet as the grave.

  Skirting the gravel, and all the while
divided between the fear of making himself
look foolish for his pains and an insistent
haunting sense that all was not well with
that house tonight, he passed round the cor-
ner and entered a flower-garden that lay
beneath the library windows.

  And there he stopped dead. Through a
chink in the curtain he could see a ray of
light escaping from one of those windows.
Knowing his friend’s habits to a nicety, he
could count on the colonel’s smoking one
last small pipe after his oWn departure and
then going off to bed. He had had time
enough by now to finish his pipe and be
off, and the light then meant he was a little
later than usual.

  Keeping on the grass, Dr. Anstruther
stole along till he was almost opposite the
window, and then he stopped again abrupt-
ly. He could see now that the window was
a few inches down at the top, and in the
dead silence of that still, heavy night a
murmur of voices had reached him, faint
but unmistakable.

  Dr. Anstruther ought to have felt re-
assured. There were several possible solu-
tions of the problem of who the second
person could be—the colonel’s old soldier
butler, for instance, or the housekeeper
with a report of a servant ill. And it was
manifest that there were no high words or
quarreling. Yet, instead of reassurance,
a dreadful, nameless uneasiness seized upon
the doctor and kept him there with his
muscles instinctively braced like an animal
ready to spring.

  Faintly he heard the murmur of voices,
so faintly at that distance and through the
curtains that it was. impossible even to tell
which party was speaking; yet the doctor
had the strangest fancy that he knew one
from the other by a curious feeling which
seemed to affect him when one spoke.

  He was telling himself that this was the
idlest freak of imagination, when he heard,
low but quite plainly, a laugh, and at that
—imagination or no imagination—his scalp
tingled and for the instant he could not
have moved even if he would.

  Dead and utter silence followed for
104

J. STORER

CLOUSTON

minute after minute, and then out went
the light; the window became of the same
blackness as the creeper-covered wall, and
Dr. Anstruther turned away at last. An
instinct as strong as that which had brought
him back seemed to tell him that the dan-
ger had passed from the house.

  It struck him then that if a stranger—
that figure in the avenue perchance—had
entered the house and conversed with his
friend, he might see him emerge from the
front door. And so he hastened out of the
garden and round the corner of the house,
but though he stood under the shadows for
several minutes, he saw nothing.

  Then it occurred to him that if there had
been a visitor. Colonel Barlow would most
probably have shown him out before ex-
tinguishing the library lights, and so he
set off again.

  “I must never let Barlow know I’ve been
spying on him,” he said to himself, for he
knew that one of the few things his old
friend would find it hard to forgive was
anything like an attempt to surprize a con-
fidence he had not given spontaneously
himself. And, indeed, no man could feel a
stronger sympathy for this sensitive reti-
cence than Dr. Anstruther, for his own
sentiments were precisely the same.

  As he went down the drive, he glanced
at his watch and noticed that it was then
quarter past eleven.

SOME shooting-details to be arranged
made Dr. Anstruther’s excuse for
walking up to the hall next morning after
breakfast. Even from himself he tried to
conceal the truth that he was devoured
with something between apprehension and
curiosity to learn what had happened last
night, for in his estimation curiosity was a
vulgar vice and apprehension a foolish
weakness.

  But even if he did not see through him-
self as he hastened to Urby Hall at twice
his usual pace, he realized it quickly enough
when he found his old friend smoking a
pipe in his library, apparently as imperturb-
able as ever. The intense relief came
almost as a shock.

  Yet he had only been in the library a
couple of minutes when it became clear to
his watchful eye that the colonel’s com-
posure was not unlike his own—a veteran’s
contempt for ruffled nerves. They talked
of shooting briefly, and both fell silent, and

then abruptly Colonel Barlow said, with a
forced laugh—

  ‘ I was half-thinking of coming to see
you professionally today, Anstruther.”
“What’s the matter?”

  “Something I ate or drank must have
upset me, I suppose. I don’t often have
nightmares, but I had a bad one last night
—soon after you left me, in fact.”

  “Soon after I left?” repeated the doctor
in rather an odd voice.

  “I must have fallen asleep in my chair.
I mean,” added the colonel, correcting him-
self quickly, “I did fall asleep in my chair.”
“And you had a dream—a nightmare—
bejore you went up-stairs, and—er—before
you put the lights out and so on?”

  Colonel Barlow nodded.

  “Extraordinary thing,” he said.

  “Very,” agreed Dr. Anstruther,

  The colonel began pacing the room as he
smoked—with unusually quick steps, his
friend noticed.

  “It was damnably vivid. That infernal
vase seemed to have put it into my brain—
and its infernal name.”

  “Its name?” repeated the doctor.

  Colonel Barlow stopped his walk sharply
and looked for an instant at his friend.
He seemed to hesitate and then resumed
his pacing and said, in a curiously con-
fused and indirect way for him:

  “Connection of ideas, I suppose. If the
thing hadn’t been absolutely impossible, I’d
almost have— Do you know it wasn’t till
this morning that I thoroughly realized
it was only a dream?”

  He stopped at the turn of his walk and
for a moment was silent. Then in a
lowered voice he began—

  “Do you know, Anstruther, I actually

dreamed-”

  At that moment the butler entered.
“Mrs. Summerton wishes to see you, sir,”
he announced.

  The colonel had been so carried away by
what was in his mind that for a moment
he looked at his butler in silenpe.

  “Mrs. Summerton of the Yellow Mouse,
sir,” added the man.

  The colonel turned to his friend.

  “Will you excuse me for a few minutes,
Anstruther?”

  “Beg pardon, sir,” put in the butler, “but
I think Mrs. Summerton would like to see
Dr. Anstruther too, he being a magistrate
likewise.”

R O M ANCE
THE DEVIL’S HOUSE

   “Oh,” said the colonel, “she wants to
see us as magistrates, does she? Well,
show her in.”

  The woman who entered was elderly,
pale, and very respectably dressed; a
woman of a naturally quiet and superior
type, one would judge at once, and yet, as
evidently, a woman who had come through
some very disturbing and very recent ex-
perience. And hardly had the door closed
behind her before she swayed, threw out
an arm to find support, and dropped into a
chair.

A LITTLE later she told them this

 story:

   “He came by the morning train yester-
day—a German gentleman he was, sir, or
leastways a German. Helmolt was his
name, he said, and he wanted a room at the
Yellow Mouse. As you know, sir, we don’t
have many strangers in Chipping-Urby. I
hadn’t had not one of his class—that’s to
say judging of his class to look at him from
his clothes and such like—not since my
husband died a year ago come January,
and there’s only myself and my niece Lizzie
in the house now. Of course there’s the
lad George, too, but he doesn’t live on the
premises, and no experience he’s had of
waiting on gentlemen either.

   “So naturally, sir, I was a little doubtful
 at first if the gentleman would find satis-
 faction; and I says to him quite plainly
 what was in my mind.

   “ ‘Oh, I won’t give you no trouble, Mrs.
 Summerton,’ says he, and, to be sure, he
 was as good as his word. Indeed, sir, a
 nicer, more mode£t-like gentleman I never
 had to do with than this Mr. Helmolt—
 down to last night.”

   “What was he like?”

   “Oh, quite a young man, sir, with his
hair that close-cropped I’d have thought
he’d been a convict, if he hadn’t have been
a foreigner. Very fair he was, with blue
eyes and such a quiet, civil, well-brought-
up young man, too. He found my poor
husband’s flute and played tunes on it and
played with the kitten too all the time he
was in the house. I says to Lizzie, ‘Never
did I see a young man with more peaceable
tastes!’ ”

 ' “Did he wear a black felt hat and tight
 trousers and shoes that looked as if they
 v"rp made of brown paper?” asked the

 doctor.

105

  “He did indeed, sirl That's the very
things he did wear. Oh, I quite took pity
on him when I saw how foreign he was.
He asked such funny questions too; one
would have called him inquisitive if he’d
been English. A lot about you, sir, he
asked—” she was turning now to Colonel
Barlow— “and whether you was very rich,
and about your curiosities. Whether did
you keep them long or sell them again, and
if I’d heard of your buying anything in
particular lately. But I just answered so
he was none the wiser by the end.

  “And then in the afternoon off he goes
for a walk and was away that long I'd have
thought he’d have walked miles, but George
tells me that old Thomas Walker tells him
that all the distance he went was up to the
hall here and rambled round the park and
stood for nigh an hour on end behind the
big yew hedge, staring at the house, like as
if he’d fallen into a trance.”

  “By gad!” exclaimed the colonel. “I
saw the fellow myself from this very
window. I spotted him as he was walking
away. I remember wondering who he was
and thinking he was too respectable-looking
to be up to mischief.”

  “Behind the yew hedge?” said the doc-
tor, half to himself. “He’d be looking
toward the library then.”

  “Yes, sir, and so he would,” said Mrs.
Summerton, “though he says nothing to me
or Lizzie of where he’d been. When he
came back, he had tea, and after that he
seemed to get restless-like, and at last out
he goes again. It was beginning to get
dark by then, and quite dark it was when
he came back, saving only for the moon.
And from what George can hear, do you
know where he’d been, sir? Up to the hall
again and staring at the house.”

  “Again?” exclaimed Colonel Barlow.
“What the deuce was the attraction?”
“When did he get back the second time?”
asked Dr. Anstruther.

  “Some time after seven o’clock, sir.”
“Ah!” said the doctor. “I thought that
was the man. I saw him turning into The
Yellow Mouse. What happened then?”
“Well, sir, he just went in to the little
parlor up-stairs. I’d given him the little
parlor to himself, for there was no one else
staying in the house and I thought he’d
like to be private and comfortable-like, and
there he was for the rest of the evening—■
up till the time he came out.”

ROMANCE
J. STORHR

CLOUSTON

  Mrs. Summarton’s tone fell and she
shivered a little.

  “You are sure he was in the parlor all
the time?” asked the doctor.

  “Oh, quite sure, sir. Lizzie was in and
out once or twice, bringing him his supper
and seeing to the fire. Besides, we’d have
heard him if he’d gone out.

   “Well, sir, it got to be late at last and
there was no customers in and George had
gone away, and I had just been to lock the
front door and was thinking about going
to bed, when something made me look over
my shoulder as I had almost got back to
the kitchen. It was kind of shadowy be-
hind me, for I’d put out the lamp in the
front passage, but I’ll swear to my dying-
day, sir, I saw a black figure of a man
crossing the fron»passage very quick, as if
he’d come through the front door, and dis-
appearing up the stairs. And I’d just
locked the front door myself—and never a
sound of his footsteps did I hear. How I
got back into the kitchen without falling
down in a faint I don’t rightly know, sir.”

  “What o’clock was this?” asked the doc-
tor with a curious intensity in his voice.

  “I happened to notice, sir, it was just
quarter-past eleven when I left the
kitchen.”

  Dr. Anstruther nodded in silence, and
as if to himself, and the colonel asked—

  “Did you see his face?”

  “No I did not, sir, and thankful I was
too, for what I did see made me more of a
tremble than ever I’ve been before in my
life.”

  “But was it actually anybody? Did you
see him again?”

  “I never saw or heard but one man in
the house, sir,” she said in a low voice,
“and whether there actually was two or
which it was I saw, that I don’t know. But
I’ll tell you the very truth, sir, just as it
happened.

   “When I got into the kitchen, Lizzie was
for laughing at my notions and saying it
was either the shadows or perhaps the
strange gentleman up-stairs come down for
a moment and then gone up again. So at
last I let myself be persuaded I was foolish
and yet I wanted to make sure, so I took a
lamp in my hand and went into the pas-
sage and up the stairs to see if I could hear
if there was voices or anything in the little
parlor.”

  “Was there?” asked the colonel.

  ‘'No, sir. There was just dead silence;
I can swear to that. But just as I was near
the top of the stairs, his door opened a
chink and I saw him plainly peering out.
Oh, sir, the difference in his eyes!”

  She paused for an instant and shivered
afresh.

  “It was not like the same young man at
all. And then he spoke—just one word,
but it was enough. 1 was'holding the lamp
before me and it was quite dark behind me
and so his eyes would be dazzled and he
wouldn’t be able to see rightly who it was.
That’s how he came to make the mistake.

  “‘Lizzie!’ he says, and if you heard a
girl being addressed at night in a voice like
that, sir, you’d know the man didn’t mean
much good.

  “I gave a little scream—I couldn’t help
myself—and so he knew then who it was.
He said just one word that time, too; it
was in his own language but I knew it was
a curse-word, and then he banged the door
again, and I was just able to get down
without dropping that lamp, and no more,
sir!”

  “And then?” asked the colonel quietly.

   “Then, sir, I put off going up those stairs
again to my bedroom just as long as I
could, and all the while I was wondering
if I could say anything to Lizzie. For she’s
a kind of innocent high-spirited girl and I
feared she’d just laugh at my fancies.

  “For he’d only just said her name, mind
you, sir; and could I explain to her how
he’d said it? Then says she, ‘I’m that
sleepy, auntie, I’m going off to my bed,’
and so we both went up then. And I’d been
in my room about ten minutes when sud-
denly I heard the girl scream!”

  “Yes?” said the colonel, still quietly.

  “I was at my door just in time to open
it to her, and it was all the two of us could
do to get it shut and locked in his face.
You can guess yourself, sir, what he’d been
after, but you’ll hardly guess what he did
when she struggled with him. He just hit
her on the eye with his fist and it was all
black and swelled up by the time she’d got
to me.”

  “My God!” murmured the colonel, very
quietly indeed this time.

  The Gurkhas who had fought under him
could have told you instantly what that
quiet meant.

  “Oh, how he swore, sir, and shook the
door. And then suddenly it grew even

----Jgi- ROMANCE -* ft. SSilSBEl-
THE DEVIL'S HOUSE

107

worse. He was quite still for minutes and
minutes on end—it seemed hours to me,
sir—and we could hear him breathing and
feeling about the door with his fingers.

  ‘‘And then we thought we heard him
going down-stairs, but we weren’t sure, and
there was nothing we could do except put
the chest of drawers against the door and
just wait. My room’s at the back of the
house, sir, and there’s no one who could
have heard us if we’d cried foriielp.

  “Then at last, when it had been quite
quiet for a long time, we heard the cat cry
out once down below, and then gentle
sounds of his moving about and other queer
sounds that we couldn’t understand till
morning. And that was the way the night
passed with us, sir.”

  “And in the morning?”

  “When we knew that neighbors would
be about at last, we ventured out. He was
gone then, but he’d done what was almost
the worst thing of all. He had heated the
poker and burned some writing on my nice
mahogany table. It’s the one thing in my
house I’m proud of, sir. And I’d told him
it was, too. And on the table was a bucket
of water and Lizzie’s kitten—the one he’d
been playing with—was lying drowned at
the bottom of it.”

  “Do you know where he’s got to?” the
colonel rapped out like a rifle-shot.

  “He had slipped out of the house without
our hearing him and caught the early train
to London.”

  “Damn!” murmured the colonel with the
profoundest disappointment.

  “And not a penny has he paid me—and
my table is ruined!”

  “What did he write on it?” asked Dr.
Anstruther.

  Mrs. Summerton took a sheet of note-
paper from her pocket.

  “I wrote it down, sir, for I knew I
couldn’t carry it in my head.”

  On the paper they read:

  My compliments and farewell to you and Bar-
low and dirty little England. They can keep their
vase now. And you can keep your slut.

  “And such a quiet peaceable young man
he seemed!” cried the poor woman. “Do
you think, sir, was he taken suddenly
mad?” .

  The two men were looking at each other.

  “The vase—that was what he was after! ”
exclaimed the colonel.

  The doctor nodded.

  “I knew that,” he murmured.

  “This happened after it was broken! ”
  Again the doctor nodded.

  Colonel Barlow turned to Mrs. Summer-
ton and led her to the door, talking gently.

  “I’ll make the damage good,” he said as
she went out, “and if I can catch the
fellow-”

HE CAME back to his friend and both
were silent for a space. Then the
colonel said in a very serious voice.

  “What I dreamed last night was that
Satan himself walked into my library and
tried to tempt me. It was a damned queer
form of temptation too—not the usual
thing one reads of. I was to be the swept
and garnished house and he was to inhabit
me. I dreamed I told him I’d get my dog-
whip to him, and then I dreamed he
laughed and went away.”

  Dr. Anstruther seemed for an instant
about to say something and then held his
peace.

   ‘I didn’t tell you last night, Anstruther,”
continued the colonel, “that I’d heard from
Marshley & Waldron and they’d told me
the legend about the vase. The gentleman
in question is said to have been imprisoned
in it—shut up in that beastly figure—some
hundreds of years ago, and if the vase was
broken, he’d get out. I didn’t tell you be-
cause—er—well, the whole thing was beast-
ly and had got a bit on my nerves. When
I had the dream, I thought of course that
that yarn had pul it into my brain.”

  Again Dr. Anstruther made no answer,
and in a moment the colonel said—

  “If one believed in such things, one
would say he had found his swept and
garnished house.”

  This time Dr. Anstruther nodded em-
phatically.

OLONEL BARLOW saw the local
police at once and they communicated
with London, but by the time Mr. Helmoll’s
address had been discovered, he had de-
parted for his native land.

  “Where they will regret the breaking of
that vase, some day,” observed Dr. Ans-
truther grimly. “Or were we all off our
heads—or simply dreaming?”

  “Time wiH show,” said Colonel Barlow.

R O M A N C E
The Heart of Conchita

BY EDGAR YOUNG

 LITTLE Conchita Morales was by far
 the homeliest girl in Guayaquil. She
 had a figure like a horse shoe, a
 pinched up little face devoid of even
 rudimentary prettiness. Later one noticed
 that she had large brown eyes, regular
 white teeth, and extremely small feet. She
 was tongue-tied of speech. But she could
 dance like a dream, could thrum real music
 from a guitar, and she could sing.

   Charles Barnes and Eugene Rodin had
 been invited to the baile at the alcalde’s
 house, by the alcalde’s son, Francisco,
 whom they had met on the boat from Bal-
 boa. Francisco, “Pancho,” or Frank Mar-
 tinez had just finished an education at
 Columbia University and was proud to
 show off both his American friends and his
 knowledge of English and was pleased to
 show the Americans his own people at their
 best. The average American may travel
 all over Central and South America and
 never see the inside of a better class home.

   After the general hand-shaking and
 meeting the guests was over and the two
 Americans had whirled through a few
 dr.nces, Barnes noticed that the little Mo-
 rales girl certainly did not lack for partners
 and between dances men flocked around
 her. He made mention of this to Rodin.
 They both engaged waltzes with her and
 when these were over agreed that she
 could certainly dance but otherwise there
 didn’t seem to be anything to her. How-
 ever, the commotion the men raised over
 her caused Rodin to call Frank Martinez
 aside and ask him concerning her. Mar-
 tinez chuckled.

   “Oh, Conchita. Not very pretty is she?
 Certainly not a brilliant conversationalist.
 She’s a darling though. She's what we call
 simpdtica, fascinating, as you say in the
 States. I used to be crazy over her. I
 begged her to marry me, and when she re-
 fused I came near ending my life by sui-
 cide. She’s said ‘no, senor,’ to all of us.
 I think I’ve lived it down up there in your

108
THE HEART OF CONCHITA

hustle-bustle States. But I’ll know better
when this ball is over.”

  When he had walked away both Amer-
icans grinned knowingly.

  "Love goes where it’s sent,” said Eugene
Rodin, “the poor mutt lost his head about
her and thought everybody wanted her.”
Barnes looked across at the girl stand-
ing in the center of a group of men who
plainly showed their admiration for her.

  “Yes, and she seems to be proving his
words,” he stated, “but they can all have
her. That big dreamy eyed Lola seems
about the one for me. Either she or that
little spicy Luz.”

  And the men went ahead enjoying them-
selves. It makes any American put his
best foot foremost to equal the manners
and breeding of the better class Latin
American. In Spanish, English, and
French, the conversation often touched on
topics not heard outside the most select
drawing rooms in the United States. Wit,
jest, banter, and sparkling bits of talk, the
jrou-jrou of silken skirts, gleaming white
and olive shoulders, twirled mustaches, lan-
guid eyes that now and then spoke boldly,
sighs, jealousy, and all the rest of it, to
the wailing of the fiddles and the shrill
piping of the flutes.

  And when the ball was over, the men,
one and all, stampeded over to Conchita
and asked her to sing. She only consented
after much coaxing, in which the two
Americans joined. Some one brought a
mandolin and she stepped quickly to the
center of the hall.

  She began with a comic love song, some-
thing about a young fellow who always
carried a loaf of bread and munched on it
when he passed and repassed his sweet-
heart’s door (played bear) so that her
mother would not think he kept himself
alive by seeing her (solo por verte me man-
tengo-o-o), sang a couple of ranchitas, then
she sang her favorite. It was “Vida Mia.”
It is a song that stirs the soul. It is an
old one written by some wandering trouba-
dour back in Spain. It is a song of wan-
dering and love unrequited. Soft, sibilant,
lisping, now and then rising to the high
notes like the lute of a lonely shepherd, her
vibrant contralto spread the veil of Queen
Mab over the sordid earth. Men and
women were gods and goddesses, she a fairy
queen.

  Outside the trade-wind whispered among

jiL. rom

the palms, the perfume of moon flowers
was wafted through the room, just be-
neath the window the Guayas gurgled
against the stone wall as it rose with the
incoming tide. She had paused and trotted
from the room behind her aunt Juana be-
fore the audience came back to earth.
Frank Martinez strode rapidly in her wake.
Then the bustle of leave-taking began.

  On the way back to the hotel Barnes
said to Rodin—

  “I guess Pancho hasn’t lived it down
yet.”

  “He’d be a poor clod if he had. She’s
a bear! No wonder they rave about her.
She was as far ahead of any other girl
there as I am of a crazy monkey,” mur-
mured Rodin.

  “Yes. On this earth we are blind people
wandering through a haze and it is only
by soul contact that we know each other.
There is a wonderful spirit bound up in
that clay. And it expresses itself in song.”
Both men paused and each looked keen-
ly at the other. Then they laughed and
walked rapidly toward the hotel.

II

GUAYAQUIL is certanly not a health-
resort. People die there of yellow
fever, bubonic, and other less deadly dis-
eases. There is not a stone or brick build-
ing in the city, and even the cathedral is
built of split bamboo, due to the fre-
quency and violence of the earthquakes.
It is sixty miles up the Guayas River from
the coast and the city is below the level
of the river at high tide. The natives of
Guayaquil are mostly immunes but now
and then a plague breaks out that slays a
quarter of the population in a few months.
This is how it has earned its name of “The
Graveyard of South America.” Few Amer-
icans and white Europeans remain longer
than to catch the next boat away. Those
who have been there and got away alive
boast of it ever afterward.

  During the Summer of 1912 twenty
thousand people died of “Yellow Jack” and
bubonic and many more were slain in the
swamps just outside the city as they fought
hand to hand battles with machetes; for
a revolution was in progress. A series of
earthquakes came that caused the earth to
roll in waves like a stormy sea. Wooden
shacks were toppled over and people lay
no

EDGAR

Y OU NG

flat on their faces in the muddy streets and
prayed for mercy. The rains came and
washed thousands of bodies down the little
creeks and into the Guayas. Numerous
corpses floated up and down with the tide
in front of Guayaquil.

  Eugene Rodin and Charles Barnes re-
mained through it all. The last thing they
wanted to do was to leave. No matter
what the day brought, the cool of the eve-
ning saw them either in the patio of the
Morales’ home or at the home of some
friend where she had gone. Some of Con-
chita’s suitors had died, some had been
slain in the revolution on one side or the
other, and some had lost heart from the
cruel competition waged by the two Amer-
icans and by Frank Martinez. One or
the other, or all three of them, was with
her constantly. She sat hunched up in a
chair and held tongue-tied discourse with
them and they bore with it. Later she
sang. Then there was no more sickness
on the earth, no earthquakes, no revolu-
tions. Nothing but love and kindness and
Conchita with a heart of gold.

  One night Conchita noticed a look pass
between Rodin and Barnes that was any-
thing but friendly. She had been at great
pains to treat them both equally well and
had often neglected Pancho to do so. That
night she cried when the three men had
gone home. The friendship of the two had
appealed to her as something fine and
noble. It had been so unselfish. She had
been having a grand time and now it ap-
peared that trouble was brewing. Her
woman’s intuition had sensed it even be-
fore the men knew of its existence. She
vowed to see less of them in the future.
And she did.

  But the less she saw of them, the more
jealous they became of each other, and the
more enamored of her. It had been a hard
Summer and the nerves of the two men
were raw. Also the tropical sun strikes a
certain hysteria into a stranger’s brain.
The normal loves and hates and desires are
magnified a hundred-fold. Cold-blooded
scientists make mention of ultra-violet rays
of the sun. Herb Spencer would have
called attention to the nearness of the mo-
tive force that drives life on this planet.
They all forget that plant life absorbs car-
bon dioxide from the air and gives off pure
oxygen. People are living at white heat in

the tropics because they are drunk with a
superabundance of oxygen.

  An ill-timed jest caused one of the
Americans to move from the hotel and take
up residence at a native petition. After
this they passed each other on the street
without speaking. And then, separated
from each other, they began to hate as
bitterly as close friends do when they fall
out. By using Pancho as a mutual friend
they timed their visits so that they did not
meet at the Morales’ home. Pancho had
decidedly the better of it for he came and
went when he chose, and he sympathized
with all three in turn.

  Each of the Americans tried to pick
something bad from him that the other had
let slip. But he only had good words that
each had said about the other. This
caused both Barnes and Rodin inwardly to
rage for it appeared to each that the other
was trying to appear more gallant. Each
hoped that the other would forget and say
spiteful things and by this appear to be
less of a man in Conchita’s eyes. Hate fed
on hate and jealousy fed on jealousy until
the men were at dagger’s drawn with only
a word needed to start real trouble.

Ill

A BALL had been going on at the
alcalde’s house. Conchita had re-
fused to dance with either American, but
had danced frequently with Pancho Mar-
tinez. At the finish she had been especially
cruel and had refused to sing and trotted
away with her aunt Juana with a curt nod
for both Barnes and Rodin. Each of them
knew in his heart that the other had been
the cause of her peculiar actions and was
raging. Pancho had gone in her wake, pos-
sibly to sing a serenade under her balcony.

  In filing out of the door some one
tramped on Barnes’ foot. Rodin was fully
half a yard behind him when it happened.
Barnes’ face went black. He stopped and
glared at Rodin.

  “I would thank you, sir, to look where
you’re walking. You hurt my foot.”

  “I knew you wore a number nine, but
didn’t think you had an Uncle Joe heel
that stuck back like a pot leg.”

  “Keep to hell off of them!”

  “Back out next time. They’ll take up
less room!”

- ROMANCE _
THE HEART OF CONCHITA

hi

   The men said no more but stalked down
 the street with their heads in the air.

   Guayaquil was an inferno, the Guayas
 was a slimy river filled with snakes and
 reptiles and covered with floating islands
 of putrid vegetation, the death-dealing
 mosquitoes flew in clouds, the wind flopped
 drearily through the palms and banana
 bushes; bloated-faced men, dying with the
 plague, crawled belly-wise through the
 streets toward the river to gulp the murky
 fluid and die where they lay, a breeze came
 across the swamp from the matadero
 heavy with the stench of rotten flesh. In
 the houses women were wailing their dead
 with high-pitched sobs.

   Rodin noted that the Peruvian Line
 steamer Santa Ysobel lay in the middle of
 the stream loading cattle from some light-
 ers at her side. Half-naked stevedores in
 the lighter fastened the cable around the
 horns of the steers and they went up over
 the side kicking and snorting. A thought
 came to him and he hailed Barnes. The
 other paused until Rodin came up. Rodin’s
 eyes were bloodshot and he shook a
 clenched fist under Barnes’ nose.

   “This town is getting too damned small
 for both of us. I’m thinking it would be
 safer for you to take that Peruvian and
 beat it for Callao!”

   Barnes took off his coat and folded it
 carefully.

   “Gene Rodin, I’ve always suspected you
of being yellow. I hate to have to thrash
you. I feel sorry for you. But I’m going
. to do it.”

   “Yellow, am I? We’ll see who’s yellow.
 Any big boob can fight like a gringo and
 get all beat up whether he wins or not. I
 think you are afraid of cold steel. I’ve
 been in these countries so long that I be-
 lieve in knife-fighting. You pack one with
 yow that’s just like this one I have. What
 are you going to do with it, use it to cut
 cigaret shucks with?”

    Rodin pulled off his coat and rolled his
 sleeves up above the elbows. He took a
 sheath-knife from his belt and ran his
 thumb along the edge. It glittered cruelly
 in the lamplight. The two men squared
 off. The street ran along the river front
 and was deserted except by people too sick
 to notice what was happening. They
 sprang and each parried for an opening.
 No words were spoken as the men circled
 around like fighting cocks trying for a

thrust. Barnes slashed for Rodin’s throat
and the point missed by a hair. Rodin’s
knife grazed Barnes’ stomach as Barnes
sprang back.

  There was a stifled scream and quick
running steps on the board-walk. Con-
chita ran between them. She begged them
hysterically to be friends. Her excited
tongue-tied words appeared ludicrous
under the circumstances. Pancho had ar-
rived from somewhere and he put in a
word now and then from a few paces away.

  “You no fight, para me. You be good
friends, saben. Buenos amigos for you-
self. And both good friend myself. No es
tncjor? (Is it not better?) I like as good
friend both, but as lover, no! No! No!
Asi me like Panchito. I make matrimony
with him, pretty soon.”

  Both Americans eyed her harshly. They
grasped her by either shoulder and spoke
fierce words to her.

  She smiled up into their angry faces
and reiterated what she had said before
The twisted little smile and the quivering
lips made each man’s grip on her shoulders
relax until their hands lay like a gentle
caress. Then she put both their hands
from her. The men stood facing each
other like bashful school-boys. She looked
quickly from one to the other as if un-
decided.

  “Be good friends, youself,” she coached.

  They shook hands and smiled at each
other. Conchita drew away and came to
the side of Pancho who took her arm and
spoke gentle words into her ear. She ap-
peared more stoop-shouldered than ever,
her face more pinched, her eyes more
brooding. The Americans bustled over and
shook hands with Pancho Martinez with
a heartiness they did not feel. Then tell-
ing the couple “Hasta luego” (an revoir)
they strolled down the wharf. “Adios”
(Good-by) would have been more appro-
priate. It was really the farewell.

  Looking out upon the murky Guayas
they noted that the last lighter was poled
into place, and the men shouting to each
other as they hurried the cattle aboard.

  “I wonder—” began Rodin.

  “Let’s try.”

  They turned and ran across the wharf
and up into the city, each man to his stop-
ping place. In a few moments they came
running back carrying suit-cases. A bolero
who dozed in his flimsy boat aroused to the
1 1 2

PALAZZO- CO NT A R I N I

prod of a nervous foot and stared at the
silver piece thrust before his eyes. Then
he headed his boat for the ship and began
plying his paddle.

  Conchita still stood on the wharf arm in
arm with Frank Martinez when the boat
shot out into the river. She heard the two
Americans laughing and joking good-
naturedly. In the dim boat lamplight, at
the head'of the gangplank, she saw them go
aboard the ship. She saw the plank
hoisted, heard the anchor chain rattle in,
and the thumping of the anchor on the
deck, heard the engines throb deeply, and
saw the ship move slowly down the Guayas
on its way to the sea. She sighed deeply.
Pancho pressed her arm and murmured
gently.

  “It was a surprize when you said you
would make matrimony with me, but a
glad surprize. My heart overflows with
love for you, Conchita, chiquilla, I will
speak with the priest tomorrow, no, eh?”

  “Tonto, (foolish one), I made jest with
them. It’s not you that I love. You are
my good, good friend. It was one of those.
I had not the heart to pick.”

  She began to cry gently. Big hearted
Pancho tried to console her but she turned
from him and ran away toward home, leav-
ing him staring after her dazedly.

  Through the big bamboo doonvay,
arched with flowering vines, she hastened,
and up the light stairway to her room.
Throwing open the lattice window she
gazed down the river at the disappearing
lights of the S.S. Ysabel. As they were
swallowed up in the darkness she took from
her dress a few small trinkets the men had
given her. Something seemed to be clutch-
ing her throat as she kissed these little re-
membrances.

  “Adios, good friends. You will meet
many others and many pretty ones but
none will consider your happiness more
than little Conchita.”

  Then, as if no other way in the world
would express how she felt, she began sing-
ing “Vida Mia,” her favorite, the song of
wandering and love unrequited. And had
she known it, perhaps she would have felt
better, or perhaps worse, for two Americans
stood at the stern rail of the S.S. Ysabel
peering back into the darkness with heavy
hearts.

Gouache Pictures of Italy

 II. Palazzo Contarini

      BESIDE the high window, but partly withdrawn .

       And concealed by the fold of a gold-lacquered screen,
       This admirable day-bed discovers the sheen
       Of its hooped salmon satin and yellowing lawn.

        On spindle legs, thin as a spider’s, it stands.

        The gilding has scaled to a faint silver tone.

       A lavender dust, as of hours outgrown,

       Drifts past, on a quaver of old sarabands.

        Bewilderingly fragile, it baffles decay

       With the porcelain pinks on the ormolu spray

       Twined about the Saxe clock. Hark! the weary sweet chime

       Of the hour it strikes. At precisely this minute
       The Duke would declare he was wasting his time,

       And the lady half-languidly rise from her spinet.

       Poor flesh and blood lovers long dead, the fine bloom
       Of your coquetry crumbles and smiles in this room.

                                             Amy Lowell
 ’The Terrible Island

 BY BEATRICE GRIMSHAW
 A Four-Part Story
 Part III

      The first part of the story briefly retold in story form.

SAPPHIRA GREGG was one of the bravest
women and best traders of New Guinea. That
night, as I sat on the porch of her house on
Croker Island with “Rocky” Jim, my West Aus-
tralian friend, and Percival Flower, the new gov-
ernment surveyor, she said—

  “I can tell you if any one could find Ku-Ku’s
island, his fortune would be made.”

  I am a crippled “bug-hunter” acquainted wijh
the talk of the islands, but Flower, being a
stsanger, had then to hear about old Chief Ku-Ku
of the Trobriand Islands, whose biggest treasure-
house had never been located, though all New
Guinea knew that it held the immense hoards of
shell money that made him a Papuan millionaire.

  But so associated was the very mention of
Ku-Ku with the dangers and tortures to which
he had subjected his men on trips to this mys-
terious treasure island, that no information could
be wrung from the natives as to its location.
Those who returned from it alive came back sight-
less. Chief Ku-Ku had finally been stabbed in
the back by one of his blinded victims.

  Sapphira's scream cut horribly into the silence
that followed our talk of Ku-Ku.

  “If I’m not mad,” she said, “a ghost has just
walked up out of the sea and is coming to the
house!”

  “That’s not a ghost—it’s a girl,” said Flower.

  Before we could grasp it, the ghost-woman in
evening dress, dripping with sca-water, had fainted
in Sapphira’s arms.

  Days later, though she still could tell us nothing
of her past, her attention was caught by the word
“shipwreck.” Quite mechanically she said:

  “They’re gone. They went, in the boats. Ku-
Ku Island, Finster Island, Caradoc Reefs, Disap-
pointment Island, Ku-Ku Island.”

  Amazing to have the^ direction of this spot, as
secret as it was covetcTd, given to us 1 And to
have it come from Lady Mary, as we began to call
the beautiful sea-woman, be it right or wrong,
but increased the mystery of her identity.

  One day the Tagula, the schooner of the good
Swede, Captain Carl, landed weeks before she
was due. This brought matters to a head.

  “What can have brought her?” I asked.

  “Whatever it is, I know what will take her
away, and where to.- There’s our chance for th-i
island,” Jim called back on the way to meet the
captain.

IN NO time at all Jim had poured out the story
of the sea-woman and her message about Ku-
Ku. With very little more talk we chartered the
Tagula for the big search.

  Captain Carl had landed to see if any of us
could identify a dead man he had picked up at
sea. The sight of him seemed to stimulate Lady
Mary’s deadened memory, but to Flower’s eager
questions she gave only fragmentary answers say-
ing “Cedric,” a name evidently connected with her
former life. She could not have done more dam-
age than she did by using this one word, “Cedric.”
I knew instantly from the way that Flower acted
that he had let himself fall deeply in love with
her. Since I knew that my own love must count
for little, I was cruelly glad of his rebuff. Though
she could not explain why seeing the dead man
had made her struggle to remember, yet with a

113

‘Copyright, 1919, by The Ridgway Company in the United States and Great Britain. All rights reserved.
t*
,,4	BEATRICE

quiet air of ownership she placed the ring that had
been takn from him on her finger, as if it had
once belonged there.

  When the work of provisioning Carl's boat was
completed and we were a few hours under way,
we discovered that Lady Mary was a seaman.
While she was earning Carl's praises at the wheel,
the bo'sun sighted an English man-of-war.

  A chance to trace Lady Mary’s friends I Cap-
tain Carl promptly signaled. But the dapper
lieutenant who came over reported no recent
wreck in New Guinea waters. He was suddenly
signaled back to his ship before any arrange-
ments for helping Lady Mary could be com-
pleted.

  “Trouble brewing in German New Guinea,” was
Carl's explanation of the wireless that had sum-
moned the man-of-war away in such haste. Lady
Mary resumed the wheel again at Carl’s invitation.

DAYS later it was the sea lady who first
sighted the Lusancays. Carl would not
leave his ship but insisted on a quantity of
supplies being put ashore with us. A quick
storm blew up as we were forcing our way
through the thick brush of the island and drove
us into one of the many caves for shelter.

  Jim had just dashed out into the rain to look
for the ship, when a dark barefoot man, dressed
in rough dungaree, walked uncertainly into our
midst. At Sapphira's ill-timed gasp the stranger
swung round, snatched a revolver out of his
bell and fired. After five more shots, one of
which landed in my arm, Flower downed him
with a furious blow and rushed us safely out
of the cave.

  As I looked back, four men with pistols ap-
peared at the mouth of the cave. The next shot
went wild. I slipped along the track to warn

GRIMSHAW

Jim, who greeted us with the news that the
Tagula had disappeared. He figured that the
squall had driven her onto the reef and sunk her.

  “Why didn’t the beggars welcome us?” said
Flower later.

  “They expect their cutter any day,” the sea
lady broke in and then told us the facts which
the sight of these natives had brought back to
her. She related how these men had taken her
into their cutter off a big fast ship with guns.
They had spoken Greek and a little pigeon-
English. They had captured and maltreated a
poor native in a canoe loaded with red shell
and shell money, until he told where he had
found his treasure. After that they had killed
him and thrown him overboard. Then they
had fought to win her. Terrified and desperate
she had managed to jump into the sea undis-
covered. All she remembered was that something
had hit her on the head before she had made
her way to shore.

  “As far as I could make out'” she finished,
“some of these Greeks were to be left on Ku-Ku
Island and the rest return for them, but I
don’t know how soon. Is there a treasure here
of really great value?”

  “This bland,” said Flower, “is mostly made of
phosphate rock—stuff that makes more fortunes
than gold ever made.”

  Almost before light the next morning, while I
was keeping watch, -one of the Greeks stole into
sight. Flower attacked him, while Jim grabbed
his pistol. Jim's first shot killed the intruder.

  The dead man was for all the world like the
brother of the corpse that had come ashore on
Croker Island. We examined his eyes with care
but could see nothing wrong with them.

  “All the same, he was as blind as a bat in the
daylight, and pretty near blind at night,” declared
Jim. “Nice sort of an island, I don't think.”

CHAPTER VIII

DURING THE BATTLE’S LULL

THE. sea ladj' had come out and was
standing on the beach, her clothes
aflutter in the sunrise wind, the
sunrise light of youth upon her
face. How young she was! I felt my one
and thirty years, old beside the narrow tale
of hers, and I felt glad, spitefully glad, that
Flower was six years older.

  “Thirty-seven,” I said to myself. “Near
forty—why he’s middle-aged.”

  It did not occur to me to think of Jim,
who might have had a year or so more,
as verging on elderliness. But then. . . .

  “Are you going to shoot the Greeks with
that pistol?” Lady Mary asked of Flower.

  I saw she was standing nearer to him
than to Jim or me, although there was,
one might say, an amplitude of room on

the beach. I do not think she knew she
was doing it.

  “If we can,” he answered.

  “You could not shoot them all with
it,” she said.

  “No,” answered Flower.

  “There would be some left."

  “It looks so.”

  “And you might all be killed.”

  “Let’s hope nothing so unpleasant will
happen.”

  “But if you were—Sapphira and I-”

  “Sapphira and you-?”

  “Don’t make me say it,” she said, turn-
ing. I thought, a little paler.

  “I won’t,” said Flower, with that direct
kind way of his. “I know what you
mean. You are afraid of falling into their
hands. You won’t, Lady Mary, and you
won’t need to keep that pistol for your-
self and Sapphira, either. Jim—” he
beckoned to the miner— “it's time we
THE TERRIBLE ISLAND

US

talked this matter out. See that Sapphira
and Lady Mary aren’t left alone at any
time when they are outside the cave; not
for a minute. You and I will divide the
duty. Don’t you feel bad, now, Ire-
land.” (I don’t know how he knew; his
back had been toward me till he turned
to speak.) “You’re as good a man as any
of us but for one thing, that you can’t
run very fast. You’ve got to be the
bravest man of us all.”

  “How is that?” I ask'ed him.

   “For this reason,” said Flower, strolling
away a little out of the earshot of the
women. “You can’t defend yourself very
well, since defense may mean simply clear-
ing out one-time, at any moment, and
—Jim and I can’t defend you. It will
take all we can do to look after the
women.”

  “Each of them must have a strong arm
and a quick pair of feet near her all the
time, in case of those devils trying a
snap-shot—you must remember we can’t
be sure ho\t much they are or are not
able to see. But you, Ireland—you with
your lameness,” (I liked the clean, simple
way he spoke of it) “you must face the
music alone.

  “They’ve got you once—how is that
arm this morning, by the way?” He be-
gan untying it as he talked. “Because
you couldn’t be quick enough. And they
may get you again. Yours is the worst
risk, but all the same, I depend upon
vou.”

  “Right,” said I.

  And it was understood without further
words that if lives were to be sacrificed
or risks taken to save another, mine might
be the forfeit.

  Flower looked at the wound with a pro-
fessional eye.

  “Not too bad,” he said. “But would
be better for some iodine'. We’ll burn a
pile of seaweed; get it down to ashes, and
then I’ll tell you what to do. Carl slung
in a thousand table-bottles of quinine with
the stores, because apparently that is
stores in New Guinea, but nothing else.
I needn’t tell you to keep up heart; you
don’t need to be told. We must keep the
women cheerful.”

  “Do you think it a bad business all
round?” I asked.

  He did not answer for a moment or two.

  “I don’t know,” he said presently. “The

worst thing is that eye-trouble, whatever
it is.”

  “Can’t you make a shot at it?” I asked,
remembering the medical training of
which he had told us.

  “Not a guess—or rather, so many
guesses that none of them is any good.
Where there’s an effect, there’s a cause.
Island only inhabitable from November
till March—full of caves—has! been a
guano island countless ages ago—might
be a line of inquiry and might not, be-
hind any one of those facts. Let’s come
back; I think Sapphira has made break-
fast. Afterward we’ll tally off the stores,
and have them served out properly. No
knowing how long they may have to last.”
•It was an odd meal, the first break-
fast of ours on the island. We ate it in-
side the cave, lest any of the Greeks
should by chance be possessed of enough
sight to come to the edge of the glacis
and send a bullet into the midst of us.

  Sapphira cooked in emptied tins. Jim
had picked up a few broken coconuts on
the beach, trimmed them into cups with
his knife and cleaned them with sand.
There was some wild taro growing among
the stones of the glacis; its great flat
leaves, two or three feet across, made
ample plates for our food, and small shells
were no bad substitute for spoons.

  When we had done, and Sapphira, who
scorned any aid, had rinsed the cups in
the trickle of fresh water that ran down
the wall of the outer cave, we laid out
all the stores and counted them. There
was enough for something under four
weeks, carefully managed.

  “Of course,” said Flower, “we’ll use
them as little as possible and try for all
the stuff we can find in the shape of wild
vegetables or fruit or fish, or coconuts.
As this is pretty important, I think we’ll
have a hunt over the island. Do you
know anything about botany in general,
Jim? I’m no great hand at it.”

  “Ask our scientific man,” suggested
Jim. “I don’t know a pea from a prussic-
acid bean.”

  “Is there prussic-acid beans?” asked
Sapphira* suspiciously.

  “Why not?” said Jim firmly, and no
one seemed to be able to answer the in-
quiry, though I saw the word “Potassium”
trembling on Flower’s lip.

            ROMANCE
116

BEATRICE GRIMSHAW

  He turned away, stroking his mus-
tache.

  “Well, come along,” he said to me.
“Can you name any useful things?”

  “I’m an entomologist,” I said, “but
you can hardly take that up as a pro-
fession without running more or less into
botany.”

  “No, I see that. So you’re going to be
the chief character of our boys’ romance

—desert island-”

  “Desert—no such luck,” growled Jim.
“Desert island according to the usual
specifications.” persisted Flower. “And
you know there always has to be a char-
acter who has seen all the plants before
and knows what they are good for.”

  “I remember,” said Jim. “I read about
them in the Yankee papers. About the
milk-tree that gives milk, and the boot-
trees—I read about them in a Yank maga-
zine—where you can pick a pair of Wel-
lingtons or a satin slipper, number small
two, and the shrub that grows rum for

the bad characters, and the-”

  “Really,” I broke in, for I was feeling
a little excited and rather important, “the
most awful mistakes are made about those
matters. Practically all the food-plants

except coconuts, are cultivated, and-”

  “Suppose we go and solve the problem
by walking, according to the classics,”
suggested Flower.

  “Oh, I must go, too,” said the sea lady.
“I always did love boys’ books better
than girls’, and it’s really most exciting
to be in a desert-island adventure.”
“Certainly,” said the surveyor. “Jim,
I know, will take good care of Sapphira.
We don’t want to ieave the stores un-
guarded.”

  “I wouldn’t presume to take care of
Sapphira,” said Jim. “I hope she’ll take
care of me. Won’t you, Sapphira? I’d
like to be told some more about all my
bad habits. Tell me about how I smoke
more than is good for my health—I just
love to hear that—and how I had three
more whiskies than I ought to have had
last time I went down to Samarai for a
bit of fun. And tell me again how you’ve
got no patience with me and how you
wish I was dead. I think it’s good for me
to hear that.”

  Sapphira eyed him much as one might
imagine a handsome gold-eyed wasp
would eye something or some one who

had painlessly drawn its sting and pre-
sumed to mock it. We left them to dis-
cuss the rules of conduct and started on
our trip.

  There was not a sign of any one of our
enemies about. On the top of the island
the wind blew free and the grasses were
shaking. The place was not very large; .
and you could see the rim of sea all
round it—sea wonderfully colored, like
sheets of chrysophrase and opal, where the
reefs ran under, and shading through pink
and lemon-ivory color into the blue of
deeper waters.

  We walked with caution past the
mouth of the cave, Flower taking the
lead. It had been blocked up inside in a
most ingenious way with piles of beer
and whisky-bottles, arranged so that a
touch would eause them to fall down with
hideous clatter.

  “No catching those weasels asleep,” re-
marked Flower, after we had passed by.
“I think there is not much danger from
them in the day time. It looks to me as if
the blindness that haunts this place didn’t
work so completely at night.”

  “There’s a banana. I saw them in the1
West Indies,” remarked Lady Mary.

  “Oh,” said Flower, “have you remem-
bered about the big ship with the guns,
and how it brought you here?”

  “What ship?” said the sea lady.

  And I saw, and he saw, that the door
had closed again. But she had made ad-
vance all the same. She never hesitated
for an ordinary word now, and I knew
that her remembrance of greater things
than those we wished to know had re-
turned to her, for—dare I tell it—I had
heard her through the dusk and silence of
the cave murmuring her innocent little
prayers, after we had all gone to rest.

  “Well, you’ve made the first score,”
said Flower. We stopped beneath the <
banana. It was a very tall one, I sup-
pose twenty feet in height, with a great
bunch of fruit at the top.

  “I beg your pardon,” I corrected him.
“That is a wild banana.”	'

  “What!”

  “Yes. The bunch of fruit stands right
up instead of drooping down. That
would prove it alone, but knock down
some of it with a stone if you want—
there! Uneatable, you see, and full of'
seeds.”

ROMANCE
THE TERRIBLE ISLAND

117

  “No score, decidedly,” said Flower.
‘‘And score one to me, for I see citrons.
I know you can’t eat wild citrons, but
you can drink them all right.” -

  We loaded ourselves with a few of the
great round, rough, golden fruits and
passed on.

  “Score one,” cried the sea lady, ex-
citedly. She had found a bush with small
green fruits.

  “Now, Swiss Family Robinson,” urged
Flower. “Don’t let her cheat. That is
uneatable, I’ll bet my hat.”

  “It is,” I pronounced.

  “Forfeit, Lady Mary,” cried the sur-
veyor.

  “No,” I said, “for she’s got the best
thing yet—candle-nuts. These have an
oily kernel that you can string on a coco-
nut-leaf rib; they burn down and down,
and are as good as any candle.”

  The sea lady rejoiced, mocking at
Flower in a way that I think he enjoyed,
and that I know I did not. We hunted
industriously, and Flower presently de-
clared that he had found raspberries, but
that it wasn’t possible, so they must be
a delusion. I told him they were real,
but never much good below two-thousand-
feet level.

  “Cherries,” said Lady Mary. “Score
one.”

  I had a look at them. They were too
long for my fancy, more like red peppers
in shape. I tasted one. It was not bad,
rather agreeable than otherwise, but as I
could not identify the fruit, T preferred to
let it alone, spitting out, for precaution,
the one I had put in my mouth.

  “We’ll give you half a mark till we try
it on a bird or something,” I suggested.

  Lady Mary laughed poutingly.

  “You are none of you playing fair.”

  We continued our walk, but found
nothing more until we got down to the
beach, where I, rather unfairly scored
two at once by telling Flower that the
beach hibiscus, with the yellow flowers,
furnished excellent fibres and that the red
hibiscus we saw growing on the glacis
was admirable for blacking shoes.

  “You rub the petals on your shoes,”
I explained.

  “That oughtn’t to count,” said Lady
Mary, “because we shall never black our
bools at all. People on desert islands
never do, I’m sure.”

RO M

  “Very well,” I said, “I’ll give that up
and put in another. I think that’s the
paper mulberry, growing in the gully.
If there’s more of it on the island, we
may be very glad of it.”

  “We aren’t likely to write many let-
ters,” objected the sea lady, anxious to
win her game.

  “No, but we may wear out some of our
clothes.”

  “And how on earth is a little shrub
with horrid little rough leaves going to
dress us?”

  “It dresses most of Papua, away from
civilization. You can beat tappa cloth
out of the inner bark.”

  “Tell me some more clothes you can
get in the bush,” asked the sea lady, re-
garding me with an interest that warmed
my heart.

  “Haven’t you seen the canvas that
grows on the coconut?”

  “I’m afraid I’m awfully unobservant;
I haven’t.”

  “Oh, almost nobody does notice it; I
can’t think why. But if you are an ento-
mologist, of course, you are always poking
round the bark of trees. Take a piece
yourself. It’s wrapped round the shoots.”
She picked out a young coconut stand-
ing close to high-water mark and reached
up into its crown.

  “Oh, oh, how wonderful!” she cried.
“It is real canvas, brown canvas with a
warp and a weft! Oh, how does the tree
ever weave it? And what big pieces,
like the gores of skirts. Oh, Mr. Ire-
land, I must have a coconut dress to-
day. Where can I get needles and
thread?”

  “I can show you a dozen plants with
excellent thread—that wild banana for
one. But as to needles—” I paused; I
was fairly graveled; there are no vege-
table needles of decent quality.

  Flower, I think, had had enough of my
small triumph. If he possessed a weak-
ness, it was the desire to lead.

  “If curved needles will serve you, Lady
Mary,” he put in, “I can spare one for
you and one for Sapphira. I’ve almost
forgotten I ever studied medicine, but I
do carry a pocket-case.”

  Now she turned to him, and I could
see she was more grateful for that promise
of a. needle than for all I had found and
told about. But all she said was:
BEATRICE GRIMSHAW

  “How very providential that you did
study medicine. Think if any one should
be ill.”

  “I never practised; I did not even go
up for my degree,” he reminded her.

   “I think we could t^ust you,” she said;
and those golden eyes of hers looked up
into his.

   ‘ It’s beginning, it’s beginning,” I said
to myself. “Damn it,” I thought, as I
limped away along the beach toward the
cave; but what I was damning or what
I thought was beginning, I could not
easily have put into words.

  This girl was almost certainly engaged
to some one called Cedric; she was cer-
tainly of a disposition almost quixotically
honorable; Flower was not the man to
steal another man’s sweetheart, especially
under such circumstances. And as for
me, I did not come in anywhere or any-
how. What was there to curse?

  Jim, when I reached the cave, was sit-
ting outside it on a heap of ejected
bracken, looking quizzical and smoking a
pipe.

  “Where’s Sapphira?” I asked.

  “Making the beds,” said Jim.

  A volley of bracken—I can call it
nothing else—was fired out of the cave at
the same moment, and half-buried him in
its descent. He shook it aside like a
water-dog shaking off water.

  “That’s one she’s making,” he ex-
plained. “She’s swept up all the caves
nicely with a coconut-broom and she’s
scrubbed all the opened tins with sand
and put them in rows according to size
on the ridges of the walls. And she’s
cleaned off all the green that the water
makes trickling down. It’ll last nice and
clean till tomorrow. And by and by she’s
going to tackle all that untidy stuff that
the waves have thrown up close to the
cave and have it burned in a heap.
And-”

  “Did you stand by and let her do all
.that work?” I asked.

  “She drove me out with the broom,”
explained Jim equably. “I told her all
the things she ought to do, and, of course,
she couldn’t let a mere ignorant man
know more than her, so she invented a few
more and then shooed me out.”

  “Won’t she be frightfully tired?” I
suggested, listening to the sounds of

scraping and throwing about that were
going on inside.

  “Her troubles!” was Jim’s comment.
“What did you find on top?”

  But I was not chiefly interested at that
moment in what we had found on top.

  “Jim,” I said, with what might have
seemed irrelevance to an onlooker, “did
you ever do any horse-breaking?”
“Whips of it,” he replied, cocking a
mischievous eye at me.

  “Did any of them ever get the better
of you?”

  “Don’t seem to remember it, if they
did.”

  “How did you do it?”

  “Kept them going till they were tired.”
  “And if they jibbed or boiled?”

  “Kept them jibbing or bolting. What
are you getting at, you little devil?”

  “I’m trying the Socratic method on you,
Jim.”

  “I know as much about Socrates as you
do,” averred Jim, and bar the pronuncia-
tion, which on his tongue rhymed to
“dates,” he may well have been right.

  “Just answer another, Jim. What did
you do wih a horse when you’d broken
it?”

  “Your turn to answer,” said Rocky
Jim. “What did they do to Socrates?”
“They poisoned him,” I was compelled
to sta.e.

  “Moral plain,” said Jim, getting to his
feet. “I’m going for a walk.”

  And I was left to reflect, not for the
first time, that few people were able to
boast of having “got change” out of
Jim.

  Nor was I altogether gratified, for once,
to hear the sea lady’s golden laughter
close at hand.

CHAPTER IX

THE MYSTERIOUS BOX

NOW BEGAN our life on the island.
The first problem we had to solve
was the matter of signals. It was true
that few ships or none ever came within
sight of this far outlier of Lusancays. The
place was on the road to nowhere; it was
dangerous even to steamers because of its
uncharted reefs and fierce shifting tide-
rips and currents; and to sailing-vessels,
as we had seen, it was deadly.

ROMANCE
THE TERRIBLE ISLAND

 i iq

  Nevertheless some chance might send a
ship in our way, and we could not afford
to neglect it. Probably the cutter of the
half-caste Greeks would be the first to
turn up.

  Well, that had to be risked; we thought
we might be able to make them hear rea-
son. But we hoped very hard that some
surveying man-of-war or some schooner,
driven out of her course, might run near
enough to sight the island before the
Greek boat came.

  “She is a good bit overdue,” pointed
out Flower. “If they went to Samarai
for stores, they ought to be here by now.
Of course, if they went on to Port Moresby

to make application for the island-”

  “I don’t think they did,” said Jim.
  “Why not?”

  “Couldn’t say. I just don’t think it.
I’m willing to suppose she’s met with
some bad luck. You must remember Lady
Mary told us they were half-drunk.”

  “Well, however that may be,” per-
sisted Flower, “a signal we must have;
a permanent one flying from one of the
trees, and a smoke as nearly all the time
as we can manage it.”

  “Did you ever,” said Jim, “try to keep
up a permanent smoke-signal? It takes
one man doing nothing else all the time
but humping wood and tending it—be-
cause it blazes or goes out if you don’t
look after it.”

  “Besides,” put in Sapphira—we were
talking in the cave after supper on one
of these first days, I can’t be sure which
—“the natives are always making smokes
when they burn off for their gardens; no
one would take any notice of a smoke on
an island anywhere about New Guinea.”
“Must be a flag on the top of a palm-
tree trunk then,” declared Flower. “We
can do without that piece of sail now,
since Sapphira has made our blankets—”
she had spent the whole of that day, with
Lady Mary’s assistance, sewing together
wads of coconut canvas for the beds—
“and if we cut the top off a palm, it will
make a fine flag-staff.”

  “I never saw the white man yet who
could climb a coconut,” remarked Jim.

  “Time you did, then,” was Flower’s re-
ply.

  And he gave us all the exhibition next
day. He did not attempt the dangerous
and all but impossible feat—for a white

man—of “shinning” the tree. He cut
sharp-ended pegs of hardwood, hammered
them in with a heavy stone as far up as
he could reach and then ,stood on them
to hammer more. In spite of his great
bulk, he was exceedingly agile and active;
the task was no easy one, but he carried
it through. Before long, a dingy banner
of sail-cloth floated from the top of the
decapitated palm, carrying its message
across the sea.

  We were all well pleased; it seemed
that a step toward freedom had been
taken.

  But next morning the palm was lying
prone on the ground, chopped off through
the trunk.

  Neither of the women was about when
we found it. I thought it just as well;
Jim would surely have burst, if he had
been compelled to retain in his system the
flood of descriptive language that came
forth, when he caught sight of the chopped-
down signal-tree.

  I gathered without much difficulty that
he held the Greeks responsible and that
he disapproved of them, singly, collec-
tively, presently and retrospectively, and
also of all the work of their hands, past,
present and to come.

  Flower put his hands in his trouser
pockets, looked at the tree and remarked,
simply, “Damn.”

  I said that some one of the Greeks
must be able to see a bit more than we
thought.

  “I shouldn’t be surprized if the whole
lot of them could see fairly well at night,”
mused Flower. “There was some dilation
of the pupil in the case of that man that
Jim shot.”

  “We can’t signal, that’s clear,” I la-
mented.

  Flower said nothing, but later on I
saw him busy collecting pieces of drift-
wood and aimlessly, as it seemed, carry-
ing them to the top of the island and
throwing them into the sea. After he had
thrown them he would stand watching
them for an hour or more. I wondered
if he were going out of his senses.

  “No, he isn’t,” said the sea lady, when
I gave voice to my fears. “He has some-
thing in his mind he doesn’t mean to
tell.”

  I saw how she spoke for him and how
she took it for granted that she under-

ROMANCE
I 20

BEATRICE GRIMSHAW

stood him better than any one else did.

  "You don’t, then,” said I to myself.
“Women always think they ‘understand’
the man they take an interest in, but
as often as not they’re only dressing him
up in their own fancies.” But aloud I
only said, “Well, let’s hope it is all right.”

  The sea lady stood watching him for a
minute, and then she did a curious thing.
She went down to the beach, where a
few of the many bottles that the Greeks
had strewn about the island lay gathered
in chinks and openings of the rocks. She
picked up a couple of them and carried
them to Flower.

  “Lady Mary, Lady Mary, you mustn’t
wait on me,” he exclaimed, turning round
from his earnest gazing at the sea and
taking the bottles from her hands.
“Thank you all the same.” Then he
seemed to awake. “Flow did you know
I wanted these?”

  The sea lady stooped to tie her shoe.
I, like a fool, came forward eagerly to
do it for her; and then I saw that she
had bent down her head to hide her face.

  She let me tighten the lace, the while
she stood up bravely with a telltale glow
on her usually pale cheeks.

  “I—just knew,” was all she said. Then,
after a pause—for I think the sudden fire
in the big man’s eyes was a little too
warm for her to bear—“Great minds think
together, you know,” she said, with an air
of lightness, bending down again to that
troublesome shoe, and I, wiser this time,
let her adjust it herself.

  I went away. What else could I do?

  Later, I saw them together on the beach,
busy filling bottles with wide leaves on
which Flower had written some message
with a thorn, and corking them up with
corks that any one of us could find for
the gathering in the neighborhood of the
cave where the Greeks kept hidden all day.
Flower had wax, too, from the candle-
nuts I had discovered, and smeared the
corks well with it when they were driven
home. Then he and the sea lady lashed
the bottles to little rafts of driftwood.
I stood watching for quite a while; I
did not offer to help, for I knew they
would rather be left alone.

  It was the sea lady’s idea to put sails
on the tiny crafts that carried our hopes
of freedom. She had been knotting and
fastening the fibers that secured the bottles

with true sailor skill—all the work of
her hands was neat, finished and effec-
tive; there were no loose ends about Lady
Mary—and by and by she took a sharp
sliver of driftwood and began hammer-
ing it into the little raft.

  “Let me do that,” said Flower. “What
do you want?”

  ‘ Would they not go farther and faster
with sails?” she asked.

  “I was depending on the currents; I
estimate them at seven knots an hour in
some places—however, the sail could do
no harm.”

  “Let me,” she pleaded. “They are such
pretty toys.”

  Toys! when one came to think of it, it
could not have been more than five years
or so since she was playing with actual
toys, herself. And yet, she had three men
that I knew of, held in the hollow of those
flower-like hands, and how many, of whom
I did not know?

  What was it we all loved in the sea
lady? I asked myself the question often
enough in those days. She was very,
very pretty, but it was not that. She
was young, unmarked, unfurrowed in body
and mind as a lily or a bloomy peach.
But it was not that.

  She was as brave as Nelson, as gentle as
her own grandmother, and as brilliant and
self-helpful as probably her own grand-
daughters would be. But you do not love
a girl because she balances gracefully
between the generations, catching the sun-
set gold and the sunrise glow alike.

  Why did her world find the sea lady
irresistible? I might answer that question
now by asking another. But I did not
know the other in those days—not even
when I looked at our sea lady and saw
something in her face and vaguely sensed
something in the pretty names we gave
her that seemed to point toward a solu-
tion of puzzles unsolved.

  Well! I gave it up for the moment
and pleased myself by watching her. She
had hammered the slip of wood home now,
and Flower had hammered one or two
others on one or two other rafts. And
they got the indispensable coconut can-
vas. and made little sails out of it and
set them cunningly on the tiny masts, so
that the fairy ships would sail with any-
thing approaching to a. fair wind.

  And then they carried the fleet down

             ^ mrrn i. R O M ANCE <llf ■ '
THE TERRIBLE ISLAND

 121

to the sea-channel, where the tide was
running out strongly toward the outer
walls of the island, and put them in and
craned their necks to watch the ships go
out.

  And afterward they and we went up
to the top of the island to see the little
vessels floating away and away. They
went surprizingly fast, tiny as they were.
We saw them make their way through the
reefs, as if they had each a pilot aboard.

  “Will any one ever find them, I wonder,”
said the sea lady, looking wistfully toward
the little ships.

  I knew what she was longing—that she,
and perhaps another, were on the decks
of the fairy fleet, sailing away and away
from the Terrible Island. It seemed hard
that the little boats could go and that
we could not.

  You know how it is when you write a
letter to one far away and wish and
wish that you could slip yourself inside
the envelope, to go with it whither it was
going. Well, I think she was feeling
somewhat after that fashion. And I
know, so did I feel.

  The fleet had better luck than the tree-
signal; but we did not rely on it over-
much. All this time, I need hardly say,
the Greeks were constantly in our minds.
It seemed absurd that we, two strong
men and another, and two women in the
full possession of health and strength,
should be terrorized by the miscreants
in the cave. Yet a way out of the diffi-
culty was hard to find.

  They had plenty of firearms and am-
munition; we had one revolver and two
cartridges. They were absolutely un-
scrupulous as to ways and means; we knew
there were many things at which we
should draw the line—shooting them as
they had attempted to shoot us, when we
were supposed to be asleep, for example.
This matter had been debated between
us. Flower held that it could not be man-
aged in any case, since the Greeks kept
their cave thoroughly closed all day time,
and that therefore we need not discuss
the idea.

  Jim, and for the matter of that my-
self, had a notion that some way might
be found. But, as we were all agreed that
the act was impossible to us, that made
little difference.

  On one thing we were agreed—that some

means of making the island safe might
be and should be found. Flower de-
cided that as a preliminary he would
spend a night concealed near the Greeks’
cave and keep watch on their actions.

  “There’s no knowing what we may pick
up about them that would be of use to
us,” he said.

  Jim, cheerfully preparing to share his
vigil, was curtly told to show a little com-
mon sense.

  “You must stay down at our own cave
and look after Lady Mary and Sapphira,”
explained Flower. “We can’t leave them
to Ireland; but I shall be very glad to
have Ireland with me.”

  So he salved the wound he could not
help inflicting.

  We found a place to hide ourselves in
before the sun was down. There was not
much difficulty about it: the piles of over-
grown coral rock near the caves furnished
more refuges than one, and we had only
to choose.

  “You find one, Ireland,” said Flower,
“while I take a walk round and see none
of the brutes are out.”

  You have seen the dolmens, menhirs,
kit-cote houses of France and England,
no doubt; or if not those, photographs of
them, which are common in many tourists’
resorts. I fixed on a sort of natural dol-
men, a little cavern made by a large rock
lying on the top of two or three smaller
ones.

  Once inside this, with the trailing
vines draped down in front of the open-
ing, not a soul could have seen us even
in broad daylight, much less in the sec-
ond-quarter moon that we expected.
Flower and I got ourselves safely into it
before the light failed, and waited. We
did not dare to smoke; mosquitoes were
active, and our quarters cramped. The
wait promised to be a long and an un-
comfortable one.

  It did not last half an hour. No sooner
was the light fairly out of the sky and
the thin moon climbing up from the east
than the bottle barricade began to clink
furiously inside the cave. They were com-
ing out.

  Forth they came, four of them, stumb-
ling and feeling their way.

  “Why,” I whispered to Flower, “they’re
all as blind as bats.”

  “Wait a bit,” said Flower.

ROMANCE
1 21

BEATRICE

GRIMSHAW

  The fourth man walked with more cer-
tainty than the rest. He did not pause
at the entrance, as they did, and then
feel for the nearest rock and sit down on
it, yawning and stretching. He stood
erect and walked forward.

  I thought he was looking about him,
though his sight was clearly not normal;
he strained his head forward, lifted his
chin and peered through half-closed eye-
lids.

  Having satisfied himself that no one
was about, he spoke to the three others.
They lurched forward and took their
seats on a flat rock, while the first man
went into the cave again and came back
with a load of tins. I felt rather dis-
spirited, as I saw the liberal helpings of
food that he distributed to the company
squatted on the rock; it was clear they
had plenty of everything.

  They ate largely, picking the meat out
of the tins with their knives and tossing
it rudely down their throats. They passed
round a bottle of gin and drank out of
the neck. It was a weird scene, up on the
top of the lonely, windy island, under the
feeble moon.

  The men were dressed in the rough
khaki stuffs that are popular in New
Guinea, away from the townships; they
seemed almost to melt into their sur-
roundings in that pale light; one could
have imagined them to be so many gi-
gantic fungi growing on the rock, but for
their occasional movements.

  Above them the flag-like leaves of wild
bananas flapped against the sky; on the
high summits of the coconuts, eighty
feet in air, huge plumes, moon-silvered,
writhed and beat among the glittering
claws of Scorpio, and eclipsed and snowed
and eclipsed again the white lamps of the
Southern Cross. And the wind cried in
the grasses and the lonely sea complained
below.

  Hunger satisfied, the Greeks rose and
stretched their limbs with animal yawns
and howls.-They lighted pipes and smoked;
they lurched about the open spaces, try-
ing to obtain what exercise they might
after their cramped day in the cave.

  We heard them talking to one another,
but' it was all in Greek or in some bastard
Graeco-Malay dialect that Gilbert Murray
himself could not have made head or tail
of. What Flower and I guessed of their

 sayings was put together out of their
 gestures which were, like those of all half-
 civilized people, very free and expressive.

   The three men who were completely
 blind seemed to be abusing the partially
 blind man, perhaps for having brought
 them to the island, perhaps for having
 failed to guard sufficiently against the evil
 that had struck the whole crew.

   I saw them raise their hands to heaven
 and shake their fists in a kind of despair-
 ing way; and once or twice one of them
 struck at his blinded eyes as a dog bites
 at the wound that smarts and burns. The
 other man seemed to be trying to calm
 them down.

   We noticed that he pointed more than
 once to the beach below and laid his
 hand upon the big navy revolver in his
 belt. When he did this, the other men
 mechanically felt for their revolvers, and
 one of them, once, facing down toward
 the caves where he supposed us to be,
 spat fiercely.

   By and by the man who could see ap-
 peared to tell them that he was going to
 the beach. It had been our habit of late
 to sit out on the sand at dusk, cooling
 down after the heat of the day. I guessed
 that the Greek intended to try a snap-
 shot from some safe corner, and my heart
 seemed to turn over in my breast, as I
 realized that Jim and the women would
 not know he was coming and would prob-
 ably expose themselves to his fire. But
 Flower had seen that as soon as I did.
 He gathered himself up, slipped out of
 the shelter-hole, and whispering to me to
 await his return, ran after the Greek.

   I thought to myself, watching him go,
 that it was indeed a lucky chance that
 had sent us to the island provided with a
 pair of rubber-soled shoes apiece, for the
 rock-climbing we expected.

   “Those shoes, they are goodt thingce to
 take,” Carl had said. “In that breaking-
 neck place they may save your life.”

   They had done that already, more than
 once, in the hideous game of blind man’s
 buff we were compelled to play.

   Left alone with the three blind men, I
 kept quiet and on the watch. I knew that
 any unguarded movement of mine would
 send a hail of lead pouring in my direction,
 and I had no wish at all to stop a bullet—
 probably dum-dum’ed—from one of those
 .45’s.

ance r---
THE TERRIBLE ISLAND

 ii3

  For some few minutes the men remained
as they had been left, only shifting their
position so far as to stand a little closer
and back to back in a triangle. It was
plain that they were taking no chances.
This movement brought them nearer to
me, and with the temporary dying down of
the wind I was able to hear clearly a
few of the words that passed between
them.

  I am no mighty Greek-scholar, but I
have passed my B. A. degree, and modern
Greek is very like its ancient prototype
in a large number of verbs and nouns.
I was almost sure that they were talking
about a box. What box? They seemed
to set a value on it.

  “And that word is ‘girl,’ if I am not
mistaken,” I thought. “Box and girl—
what have they to do with-”

  One of the men repeated the words; and
this time he motioned with his hand toward
the cave.

  Instantly a new thought struck me.
They were talking of something that be-
longed to the sea lady.

  If I had been attentive before, I was
all one strain of attention now. I didn't
hold my breath—one does not—but I re-
member I listened with my mouth as wide
open as a frog’s. That helps you to hear.
I heard more; I understood another word
or two, helped out by gesture. They
were saying that she ought to be where
her box was, and one of them kissed an
imaginary riiaiden.

  I have never since then blamed juries
for.acquitting a murderer under the “un-
written law.” In the flash of blood-lust
that went through me like a jag of light-
ning and left me dry-lipped and shaking,
there in my liiding-hole, I understood,
once for all, how men kill because of a
woman, and how other men in defiance of
law forgive them.

  And now I was not afraid at all of
those blunt-nosed bullets of theirs. I
called myself a craven for thinking such
blinded brutes worthy of fear. I was
determined, coldly and unalterably de-
termined, on knowing the secret of their
cave, before Flower had time to chase
the seeing villain back again, or to shoot
him with one of our two precious cart-
ridges.

  Have you ever been to New Zealand?
Do you know the Dragon’s Mouth—the

cavern that is full of fiercely boiling water
for eighteen minutes and a half out of
every twenty, and empty for the remain-
ing ninety seconds? Have you ever, in
company with a guide, made callous by
continual risks, gone down into that cav-
crn while it is dripping and steaming with
the breath of the newly withdrawn waters,
and climbed through and out again, death
dragging on the soles of your feet, .before
the furious flood comes back with a howl
of escaping steam?

  Lame as I am, I have done it. I felt,
that night up on top of the Terrible
Island, when I crawled with exceeding
care out of my hiding-hole and made for
the empty cavern, as if I were taking,
once again, that nightmare trip through
the Dragon’s Cave. If one did not get
out in time. . . .

  The three Greeks were listening intently
for any sound from the direction of our
beach; I think that may have drawn their
attention off, in some degree. At all
events, they did not hear me, as I crept
out of the hole, rose slowly to my feet
and walked, on the balls of my toes, to the
cave-opening.

  I did not dare to light a match; the
scratching would have betrayed me. I
could only feel my way down the slope
where we had sheltered on the day of the
storm and into the opening from which
we had seen the Greek come forth.

  If they came back and caught me, I
knew I shouldn’t have a dog’s chance of
escaping their bullets, in that confined
space. But, after what I had heard, I
just had to go, and that was all there was
to it.

  The cave was not nearly so large as
I had expected. Four or five short strides,
even of my lame leg, brought me across
it. Ten feet or so, I thought. I tried
it the other way; it was two or three
yards longer. No doubt there were other
caves. I hoped I had got the right one.

  I got down on my hands and knees
and began clawing round the walls. If
they had a box, it was ten to one they
would use it as a seat; in that case, I
should find it somewhere on the floor.

  I came across a number of other things
—blankets, coconut-shells, heaps of oil
tins, loose bottles; and more than once
only the greatest care saved me from mak-
ing a noise by displacing some of these

ROMANCE
124

BEATRICE

GR1MSHAW

miscellaneous goods. But no box. I stood
up and felt round the walls. I was al-
most frantic.

  It could not be long till the man who
could see returned, or until some alarm
connected with his absence caused the
others to seek refuge in the cave—indeed,
I wondered that nothing had happened
yet.

  Surely Flower must have caught up the
Greek—surely the three outside would
know by this time that everything was
not right.

  Was that one of them coming back? I
halted, scarcely daring to breathe. No.
I had only heard the sound of water
dripping somewhere in unknown crevices.
The men were still outside. I fumbled
on about the walls. Surely I must have
gone almost round.

  My fingers struck on something smooth
and hard. In the same instant I heard
an unmistakable sound of scuffling out-
side. They were coming back!

  I grabbed the thing I had touched; it
was undoubtedly a box, small and cov-
ered with something that felt like leather.
I got out of the cave as quickly as I
could; there was some little light from
the sky on the way back, although coming
in I had been in utter darkness. Could
I get up the slope in time—were they . . .

  Against the spangled violet of the night
rose three dense black shadows. I was
trapped.

  There was only one thing to do—flatten
myself against the wall of the descending
passage and hope for the best. If any
one of the men happened to touch me in
passing, I did not rate my chances of
escaping very high.

  Apart from my lameness and apart
from the pistols they carried, every one
of the men was exceedingly handy with a
knife, like all his kind, and could whip a
blade out of his belt and into something
warm and human, while a more civilized
type of man would be wondering if there
was really anything there. I squeezed my-
self up against the dank limestone of the
passage and hoped the Greeks might walk
fairly straight.

  They came grunting and shambling
down the slopes; one of them was smoking.

  It fell out of his mouth; he stooped, felt
.about for it and picked it up again, strik-
ing a match to relight it.

  My heart gave a horrid jump as the
flame shot up, but I realized almost at
once that they could not see me and that
I had now an opportunity to glance at
the box. The match flickered, wavered,
went out. But I had had a look. I was
carrying a leather-covered dressing-case.

  After that, I would have faced the devil
himself to get my booty safely away, for
I was certain that the case was our sea
lady’s. It might have papers inside. It
might have jewelry. It might have all
sorts of things that would serve to identify
her—if only I could get safely away.

  Two of the men passed me with a wide
margin of safety. I flattened myself i
against the wall of the cavern and felt as
one does when one is overtaken by a train
in a tunnel or cutting, with no “refuge”
at hand to get into.

  The third man was walking unsteadily;
he smelt strongly of gin, and I made no
doubt he had more than his share of the
bottle they had been handing round. He
passed me with the smallest possible mar-
gin and then, staggering slightly, stretched
out one hand to steady himself against
the wall. The hand descended flat upon
my face.

  He raised a wild whoop and snatched at
my nose with one hand, while with the
other he fumbled about his belt. If he
had not been half-drunk, there would
have been the end of Owen Ireland. But
providentially he was, and that gave me
the moment I wanted to duck away.

  Of course the other two had flung round
instantly, and they were sober. Cursing
me in Greek—I can’t say how strange
those fragments of academic culture
sounded, in such a place, and from such
lips as theirs—they made for me like dogs
falling on a hare.

  I had not time to think—one acts by
instinct in such moments as these. There
was just light enough from the starry sky
and the pale moon outside the cave for me
to see where I was going. I dodged, but
not into the open passage and out at the
entranceway. Instinct shouted to me to
get back, where they would least expect
me to go—into the cave.

  In their eagerness to seize me they had
collided against one another, but they drew
apart at once, and all three swung round
toward the cave-mouth, fired in the direc-
tion of the opening.

ROMANCE
THE TERRIBLE ISLAND

  “They would have got me sure with
that,” I said to myself, and then stumbled
and scrambled out. I went after them
as quietly as I could, thanking Heaven and
Carl again for those rubber shoes.

  They never thought of guarding the
cave-mouth, but spread themselves out
beyond it, near the rocky table where they
had supped, and stood listening, their re-
volvers in their hands.

  The night had become very still; there
was not a sound but the faint breathing of
the Pacific, far below, and now and again
the winnowing of some huge fruit-bat’s
wings. I saw the men stand silhouetted
against the stars; you might have thought
them images of black stone.

  Now this was a pretty pickle, because
I could not, like Flower or Rocky Jim,
move easily without making a noise. My
lameness handicapped me; I never could
be sure the weak foot would not drag.

  It was impossible for me to steal past
those three listening forms on the track,
and, if I got off it, the rustling of the
grasses would have been as good—or as
bad—as a bell about my neck. I saw
nothing for me to do but keep quiet in
the cave-mouth, ready to move as soon as
I saw a chance.

  “I wonder,” I thought to myself, “if
I’ll be alive in five minutes’ time—in half
an hour?” and I looked up, with mingled
curiosity and awe, to the glorious spangling
of the stars overhead. Was their secret
in a little while to be mine?

  Then I remembered that whatever won-
ders and glories might be the heritage of
my departed soul, voyaging loose in the
universe there would not be, from the
outermost of the far-fixed stars, to the
near, familiar moon roaming now among
the silvered vanes of the palm-trees, the
face of one dear woman, the sound of
her golden voice. And eternity seemed
cold. And more than ever I was resolved
that my life should not end here and-
now, at the will of these eyeless brutes.

  “I know she’s not for me,” I thought.
“But I want to be on the same earth with
her, as long as she treads it. If she were
in Tasmania and I in the Klondvke. it
would still be something to know that the
same old world held us both—that we
went spinning round the sun together.”

  I clutched the leather dressing-case more
tightly under my arm and swore that I

would surely get away clear with it—to
her.

  I don’t really know how I intended to
manage the business, but I am sure I
should have worked out some plan or
other. As it was, Fate decided for me; I
had not been standing there in the cave-
mouth for more than a minute or so, when
I heard the noise of feet running hard
along the track and of a voice shouting
something in Greek. The man who could
see was coming back.

  What he said must have been a warning,
for the other three men, dropping their
hunt after me, made for the cave-opening
as fast as they could, arms stretched out
and hands feeling the way. They could
not go very fast; I saw that I might have
time, covered by the noise of their move-
ment, to get out of the cave, pass the
Greeks somehow or other on the track and
get myself hidden before the fourth man
arrived. But it would be touch and go.
If I could have moved as quickly as
Flower!

  Well! I could not, and that was all
there was to it. I crept at the best speed
I could muster along the wall of the
entrance slope, reached the opening and-
slung myself round the corner of it just
as the first of the three men groped his
way to the place where I had been stand-
ing a couple of seconds before.

  I cast a look down the track. White
moon and the trembling shadows of
palms; a fruit-bat winging through the
stars; the night-wind stirring the plumes
of the Pampas-grass. As yet, no more,
I scuttled out on to the track. Pad-pad came
the feet, drawing nearer; he would be in
sight immediately. Reckless of making
sound now, I flung myself into the cave
refuge where Flower and I had been keep-
ing watch.

  I barked elbows and knees; I wrenched
one foot cruelly; I knocked-the wind out
of my lean body as I fell—but I fell in-
side. And, just as I fell, I heard the feet
come pat-pat, up behind me and pass me
like the wind.

  No, he had not seen. He was in a
hurry to get back to the cave; no doubt
he had looked neither to the right nor to
left, but kept straight on. It had been a
very narrow escape. I hugged the box
tighter. We were nearly out of the wood
now. The Greek rushed down the cave
BEATRICE

GRIMSHAW

slope, and in another minute I heard a
babel of voices beginning.

  I got up and out, and, in spite of my
lameness and my wrenched foot, went hob-
bling at a pretty good pace toward the
slope and the way to the beach. It would
not take them long to talk things over,
and if they started hunting for me with
the help of the man who could see. . . .
“Flower!” I gasped.

  The big surveyor was coming back.
“Why, Ireland!” he said, halting. “Did
the brute get away?”

  “He’s into the cave by now,” I said.

“I hope ta God he-”

  “Oh, no, he didn’t get any one. He
saw me, worse luck, or I’d have had him;
it would have been worth risking one of
our cartridges. This isn’t a healthy place
just now; we’d best get back.”

  I was with him there; the whole length
of the pathway lay open to fire, and the
moon was climbing higher and growing
brighter every minute.

  “Give us your arm,” said Flower. We
hurried along together. “No use chasing
after him now,” regretted the big man.
“He’s safe. What have you got under
your arm?”

  “Box. Dressing-case,” I gasped.

We were slamming along at a five-mile
gait; I really don’t think he knew that
he was hauling me like a bundle of wash.
“Dressing-how-much? Is it a joke?”
“It’s Lady Mary’s,” I panted.

Flower, with the steady remembrance of
the job in hand that always characterized
him, got me and himself under the lee of
the slope before he stopped and burst out:
“Where did you get it? What is it?

How do you know-”

  “I got into the cave for a minute while
the men were out,” I explained.

  And in a few words I related my adven-
ture.

  I thought he would have stove in my
spine. He clapped me on the back like a
housemaid beating a pillow.

  “You-plucky little devil,” he swore.

“I wouldn’t have done it myself.”

  “I’m quite sure you would and better,”

I coughed. “Let’s get on. I can’t be
easy till we have the thing in safety.”

   They were all waiting for us outside the
cave when we arrived. The sound of shots
had been heard down on the beach. Lady
Mary and Sapphira, in the light of our

driftwood fire, looked anxious and pale-
faced, as if they had been listening and
wondering. Jim was seated comfortably
on a flat stone, eating coconut. I do not
think he was very fond of it, but he said
it passed the time.

  “I reckoned you’d get back all right,”
he observed comfortably, shifting a hunk
of nut from one cheek to the other.

  But when he heard about the box, he
was as much excited as any one. I handed
it over to Lady Mary; we all went into
the cave, and Jim lighted up, with prodigal
display, almost the whole of our stock of
candlenut torches.

  We crowded round the sea lady. Of
course we should have looked away and
pretended not to take any undue interest
in her private property, but we simply
couldn’t do it.

  “It’s locked,” said Jim.

  “It’s been broken open,” said Flower.

  He \tas right; the lock closed but did
not catch. The box, now I saw it in full
light, was a beautiful thing; deepest violet
Russia leather, with handles, lock and
name-plate of engraved brass. On the
plate all eyes were instantly fixed.

  I can not hope to tell you how dis-
appointed we were when we saw that it
was engraved with a Christian name alone.
“Alix” cut evidently in facsimile of a
written signature.

  “Is that your name?” asked Flower of
the sea lady.

  She held the box in her hands, looking
curiously at the plate.

  “I don’t know,” she said presently, rais-
ing her head. “You call me Lady Mary.”

  “Alix,” said Flower. “Alix. Does that
recall anything to you?”

  She stood looking at him, her lips a
little apart, the delicate line of her eye-
brows seeming to waver. I do not think
for an instant he knew, but he had spoken
her name in the accent of a lover. It
seemed to me that she was listening, not
to what he said, but to that tone.

  “Alix,” he said again.

  “Lady Mary,” put in Jim, “if you don’t
open that box soon, some of us are just
going to curl up and die of suppressed
curiosity.”

  “You suppress it a lot, don’t you?”
commented Sapphira.

  “I’m not sure that it is mine,” said the
sea lady. “I can’t remember.”
THE TERRIBLE ISLAND

117

  And the old distressed expression that
we had not seen for long came clouding
over her face again.

  “Better open it and see,” counseled
Flower.

  The sea lady, obeying him, as she always
did, put the box in his hands, the while she
manipulated the lid. It seemed to me,
and I dare sa}' to the rest, that her fingers
moved as if they were familiar with their
ground. In a few seconds she had loosed
the lid, and the dressing-case was open.

  It was a wreck.

  There had been bottles, jars, toilet-appli-
ances of all kinds fitted into it, one
could see by the numberless morocco loops,
differently sized and shaped.

  There was still a writing-case, delicately
tooled, but devoid of pencils and pens.
There was a beautiful small jewel-case,
removable but fastened in with catches.
It had been roughly dragged open, and the
velvet linings were torn loose, apparently
in search for some secret recess. It was
empty. The case had been most thor-
oughly looted.

  “That’s been silver fittings it had—
likely solid,” said Sapphira relishingly.
“The brutes have ripped loose every bit of
metal.”

  “Not every bit,” said Jim, who had
taken the case up and was turning it
slowly over. “They missed this.” He
laid his finger on the name-plate, which
we had supposed to be engraved brass.
“That’s gold,” said the miner. “And the
handles.”

  “Then,” I suggested, “the fittings must
certainly have been gold too. No wonder
they looted it.”

  “Gold!” said Sapphira, almost smacking
her lips. “That’s doing it proper, that
is. But I might have known it. When
she was thrown ashore her'little shimmy,”
went on Sapphira narratively, “was like a
spider’s web trimmed with the frost off
of a window-pane.”

  I felt grateful to Jim for foregoing the
mischievous comment that I saw twinkling
in his eye.

  “Here,” said Flower, somewhat hur-
riedly, “give it back till I have another
look. May I hunt right through it, Lady
Mary?”

  “Oh, please do,” she said.

  She was not nearly so much interested
as the rest of us were; the question of her

own identity did not seem to sit very
heavily on her mind. But she watched
with attention while the big man’s big,
dexterous fingers felt all over the case,
inside and outside, to ascertain whether
anything of interest, value or significance
had been left behind by the robbers.

  I did not expect that anything would
come of the search, but Flower was de-
termined to have the last secrets out of
the box, and his efforts did not go unre-
warded. A flat morocco letter-case came
to light.

  “Now we have it,” said the surveyor in
a satisfied tone. “This is certainly some
of your property.” And he handed the
case, unopened, to the sea lady.

  She drew out of it a simple letter,
written on foreign paper. I saw her turn
it over, but not a gleam of expression
came into her face.

  “I do not think it is mine,” she said.
“Will you read it?”

  “Aloud?” said Flower.

  “Why not?” she answered him.

  He looked at her curiously, but took
the letter. We were all standing round
him; none of us had thought to sit down.
The light from the candlenut torches,
smoky and glaring, fell on the ring of
interested faces, of which the calmest and
least interested was certainly that of the
sea lady.

  Flower read:

“G- Club, Piccadilly,

  “My Darling Alix:

  “I have written to you already by this mail—
though indeed I scarcely expect my letter will
catch you up, on your flying journey. I am
writing again, not because there is anything
special I have to say, but because I must repeat
just once more how I love you, and how sweet
you looked that day down at Liverpool, when I
saw you off by the ever-to-be cursed Caronia.
Alix, Alix, Alix, get quite well soon, and come
back quickly. You are rich in unspent years,
but I am so poor that I grudge every day you
spend away.

  “I saw H. M. the other day. She was most
gracious, and asked me to send you her kindest
regards. She tells me that it is a poor return I
make for favor, in taking away the best of all
her maids, and I can only agree with her, but
man is selfish. Dear, you should have heard how
she spoke of that other maid; ‘it seems more
like twenty days than over twenty years,’ she
said, ‘since Margaret went away.’ ‘I shall not
easily forget her,’ she said, ‘but your little Alix
is sweeter.’ She looked at me as if she would
have said much; H. M. forgets nothing, and
you of all people don’t need to be told what her
lovely tactfulness can be.

ANCE
128

BEATRICE

GRIMSHAW

  “Enjoy yourself, enjoy yourself—I grudge you
nothing, though I wish it could have been shared
by me. Tell Lady Grace to guard my jewel.
I almost fear to let it go so far from my safe-
keeping. I came up to town yesterday; the
Court looked so lovely I was loath to leave it
behind. They arc working hard at the Dutch
garden, and I hope it may be worthy of its
mistress. I got Adam's mantelpiece; it will re-
place that Jacobean one that was damaged.
Queen Elizabeth’s bedroom is being cannily
treated, but some of that paneling has simply got
to come down and be replaced. 1 agree with you
about the engravings; they are banished to the
housekeeper’s room. For all I can do to the
place, for all the many people it harbors, the
Court looks empty and sad. It waits, like its
owner.

  “Good night, Alix, sweet Alix, so like your
godmother. I pray the Seven Seas may treat you
ever kindly and carry you back safe to old
England. ‘And your petitioner will ever pray.’
“Always yours only,

“C. DE C.”

  There was silence in the cave after the
reading of the paper. Flower folded up
the sheet, put it back into the violet mo-
rocco case and handed it to the sea lady
without a word. I did not dare to look at
his face.

  The pause was broken by Sapphira.

  “Well, if that’s not a nice love-letter—
and do you know anything about them
people, dearie?”

  “I do not know,” answered the sea lady.

  There was struggle, almost pain, visible
on her face.

  “It’s written to some girl in service in
a big house, who’s gone traveling with her
mistress, I reckon. They say things about
a maid, and taking her away. I’d guess
the chap who wrote it was the steward or
bailiff or something of the place they call
the Court; he seems to have a lot to do
with the repairs. Well, it’s an interesting
letter, but it don't tell us much, does it,
dearie? And how do you think you ever
got it in that dressing-case of yours? Was
it your maid that it was written to?”

  The sea lady was silent; I doubt if she
heard a word.

  I wondered that Flower, who had been
so keen on helping her to recover her mem-
ory, had nothing now to say. It seemed
a matter of no moment to him—to judge
by his demeanor—whether the sea lady
ever recovered her memory again or not.

  And yet this was far and away the best
and biggest chance that had ever presented
itself of lifting up the dark curtain that

heretofore had covered all her past. Could
he not even ask her a question or two?

  I fancied that memory must be very near
to dawning in her mind. Of course, I
did not take Sapphira’s view of the letter.

I guessed, more accurately than any one
else in that place was likely to do, the
full astonishing significance it bore. But
what use was that, or anything else, as
long as the sea lady could not remember?

  And still Flower was silent.

  It was Jim who spoke.

  “What about turning in? I've got first
watch, and I want to get it over.”

  “Give it to me,” said Flower, speaking
for the first time since he had handed the
letter back to the sea lady. “I don’t feel
sleepy. I’ll look out now, and you can
have the middle watch.”

  Sapphira and the sea lady went into
their cave. Flower, the handy man, had
made them a partition of woven palm-
leaves, with a sort of swinging flap for a
door, so that they enjoyed complete
privacy. Jim dropped down* on his bed
of bracken and coconut canvas, flung his
arms above his head and sank instantly to
sleep.

  I lay down near the doorway; it was a
warmish night, and I wanted to feel the
breeze on my face and look at the stars
as I lay. Old *tropic wanderers will want
to know what we were doing about mos-
quito-nets; there is no sleeping in hot
countries without them. I can answer that
we were very well off in that particular.

  The ever useful coconut canvas, open in
texture and capable of being split to dif-
ferent thicknesses, had been sewn into nets
that did all that was required. But
Ku-Ku’s island was not much troubled
with mosquitoes, and often enough we did
not lower the nets till near morning.

  I lay, then, with my face to the open
sky, waiting for the sleep that I knew
would be long in coming. On me, and me
alone of the company, the weight of a
great secret had descended. I knew about
Lady Mary.

  Her name, it is true, I did not yet know.
But a single telegram sent to any center of
civilization when—or if—we got away
from the island, would bring all the in-
formation that we could desire. I knew
where the telegram should be sent; I knew
to whom it should be directed.

  I knew that Lady Mary, whatever she

romance
9

THE TERRIBLE ISLAND

was, was not Lady Maty; Lady she might
be, probably was, but her real name was
Alexandra, and she had been named after
the highest lady in the land, whose god-
daughter and maid she was.

  No wonder that I had thought I remem-
bered that still, self-possessed way she had
of standing with her hands before her—I
had seen its like on the platform of a
hundred public functions in England. No
wonder that a likeness had haunted me,
unknown to myself, when I looked at our
sea maiden. It is well known to certain
sets of society—of which sets I once was
an outer, unconsidered member—that
those in constant* and immediate contact
with the very great often acquire an amaz-
ing resemblance to them. And the fea-
tures of Lady Mary—the very large eyes
with a beautiful fullness underneath; the
oval chin; the long neck and sweet, close-
set mouth—were the best possible founda-
tion for such an acquired likeness to grow
upon.

  What was the fascination of the sea
lady? There are no words to tell. But
the hearts of us poor, comparatively hum-
ble men leaped their own reply.

  I could not rest, even with the quiet
stars to calm me. I turned again and
again, looked to the darkness of the cavt^
with the face of Rocky Jim showing as
a dim white blur; to the beach, moon-
silvered, with the wild bananas swinging
their vanes like great, dark, snatching
hands across Orion’s jeweled belt and
sword.

  I heard the upward crash and downward
suck of wave after wave on the island
walls outside; I heard the sinister hum of
the reefs away at sea, like the call of a
myriad giant hornets. The moon climbed
up and up among the white stems of the
palm-trees; the bell-bird ceased its
tinkling in the forest; the ghost-pigeon
that wails in deep night, when all true
pigeons are asleep, and that lures—so
Papuans say—the wanderer into dark
places of the bush, and he loses sight and
dies, took up its melancholy crying. And
still I could not sleep.

  I thought that Flower’s watch must be
almost over. I got up and walked bare-
foot, over the cold sand; there was no use
lying awake like this when I could have
a companion to relieve my loneliness. But
I could not see the surveyor.

  I supposed he had gone up to the top
of the island to look about him and make
sure that no more trouble need be expected
from the Greeks. I found a quiet seat
among the rocks—my strained foot was
giving some slight trouble—and settled
myself to wait.

  In a minute or two I saw him coming
up from the edge of the sea. His hands
and hair were dripping; he had evidently
been bathing his head to cool himself. I
was about to speak to him when I caught
sight of his face in the full moonlight and
saw that upon it which closed my lips.

  “God tempers the wind to the shorn
lamb.” It was Sterne who said that, and
he ought to have known, for, with all his
genius, he was weak to stand against the
winds of life.

  I think God does so temper the crudest
of all winds for us who are shorn of the
strengths and splendors of other men. I
suffered bitterly in Ceylon, when the girl
I loved with a young man’s first passion
was taken from me.

  I had suffered, since that day when the
sea lady first stepped dripping and spar-
kling out of the ocean into our lives, with
the knowledge that she was not, could
never be for me. But the hell that I saw
in Flower’s face when, thinking himself
alone with the night and his agony, he
looked up to the unpitying skies and
stretched his great arms abroad and beat
and wrung his hands, was as far from me
as the heaven that he had hoped for was
forever out of my reach.

  I felt shamed to my soul to have spied
upon his agony. I knew now why he had
not spoken; why he had wanted the first
watch of the night so that he might be
alone to wrestle with the blow that had
fallen on him. I knew that he had never
taken the ring the sea lady wore and the
few unconscious references to “Cedric”
very seriously; that he had hoped and that
he had loved, as few men in the world can
love, with all the great heart and soul
enshrined in his great body.

  I had, in the days that passed, heard
something of the history of his first mar-
riage. It was a sad and a heroic tale.
He had married a woman who drank; the
trouble had developed during their engage-
ment, and Flower had insisted on carrying
out his promise, in the hope of saving her.

  He had not saved her; after a struggle
I?o	BEATRICE

that lasted for long and bitter years, she
had died—of drink—leaving him defeated,
free, and so weary with the fight that he
had never since her death cared to give
any woman a second glance, until Lady
Mary came, and—as he did not tell me,
and as I knew—took him captive with Che
first look of her innocent lovely eyes, for
as long as life should last.

  Yes, he had hoped. And this was the
end. No one, reading that letter, could
have mistaken the fact that it was written
by a lover to the woman who had given
him her promise, and upon whom he relied
as he relied on God or Heaven. I could
not understand all of it myself, but so
much was clear. Clear, also, was that
other dizzying truth that I thought Flower
had not even perceived that placed our
little sea lady, by right, within the range
of the “fierce light that beats upon a
throne.”

  If I had ever thought of pointing out
to him this additional barrier, I lost all
idea of it now. Best keep the secret, so
long as it could be kept. There was no
good end to be served by revealing it.

  The question of the moment was how
to get back to the cave without being
seen. I turned cold when I thought of
Flower, reserved as an Indian, sensitive
as only a strong man is sensitive, knowing
that I had watched him in his moment of
abandonment. He had calmed down now
and was sitting with his head propped
upon his hand, in an attitude that spoke
no more than quiet dejection.

  Not even his sorrow could make him
unmindful for a moment of his duty. He
feat where he could overlook the whole of
the slope leading down from the summit
of the island, and from time to time he
raised his head and scanned it closely.

  Something or other that he saw, or
fancied he saw, caused him by and by.
to rise and walk a little forward. I seized
the chance of slipping unseen into the cave
again. But then, or thereafter, there was
little sleep that night for me.

CHAPTER X
FLOWER PLANS A HUNT

FROM THE day on which we found
the letter, I dated a change in Flower.

  Up to that, though, he had worked hard

GR1MSHAW

at times to supply comforts for the women
and to make our cave-home safe and
pleasant—aided by Jim’s effective help
and my slighter assistance—he had taken
things easy when there was nothing special
to do and had loafed as big men do loaf.

  They are not like us small fry, who
must be always on the fidget after some-
thing or other, amusement, diversion, the
overseeing of our neighbor’s business, if we
happen to have none of our own.

  They work more in fits and starts, and,
though accomplishing as much on the
whole as the restless little folk, they seem
to enjoy long periods of doing nothing
at all.	•

  Flower had taken his share of pleasant
dozing in the heat of midday under the
cool shelter of the cave; of bathing in the
dawn or at sunset, in the clear green waters
of the cove; of lounging and smoking near
the light of our driftwood fire, when all
the various tasks of day were done.

  Now he rested no more, he amused him-
self no more. Like the famous statesman
whose name-I can not remember, he showed
that he could “toil terribly.” Long before
Jim and I had disentangled ourselves from
our bedclothes, he would be out on the
beach, collecting the fine white wood-ash
that was our only soap—and very good
sflap it is—running fresh water into the
breaker and scrubbing down with a whisp
of coconut fiber; dressing again, as much
as any of us dressed, and getting away to
collect a bit more firewood for Sapphira or
to 'fish off the outer wall of the island or
to look for wild peppers for the inevitable
stew.

  He would eat hurriedly and get away
again before the rest of us had finished; '
a hundred tasks he had found or made
seemed to be always waiting for him.

  He had undertaken a geological survey
of the whole island and used to spend
hour after hour under the fiercest midday
suns, with a smoothed-down slab of wood
and a rough charcoal pencil, drawing and
making notes, tapping strata with a make-
shift hammer of rock and breaking speci-
mens away; peering into chasms and over
“faults” that showed on the high edges of
the cliffs.

  He would hunt unweariedly through and
through the bush for anything animal,
vegetable or mineral that might be of use
to our little community of castaways. He

romance aFHSSSBSB
THE TERRIBLE ISLAND

■3i

would try, undaunted by failure after fail-
ure, to catch some one of the Greeks out-
side their fortified cave, day time or night
time, and make him prisoner.

  “If we could only get hold of one of
the brutes and make him listen to reason,”
he said, “one might arrive at some under-
standing about the ownership of the place.”

  But no such opportunity presented itself.

  He would cut down mulberry-trees with
his knife, working hard for hours to fell
.’.ie or two of the slim trunks, and rip them
open and collect the inner bark, driving
Jim and myself, his helpers, as if we were
all in danger of imprisonment or torture, if
we did not produce a certain tale of work
by a certain hour.

  And he got flat logs and set them out
of the sun in a cool part of the beach
and made wooden beaters and set every
one to beating tappa cloth out of the fibers.
And when we were all tired or had gone
off to other jobs, he would sit there still,
a strange figure, loose, wild hair standing
up all over his head, torn shirt hanging
off his neck, hands, each with a beater
tight held, working up and down like parts
of some machine—tap-tap, tap-tap, till
sunset, he never rested. He never stopped
to yarn with any of us or to have a quiet
smoke—he smoked as he worked and
spoke only when it was necessary.

  And he kept away from the sea lady.

  I do not say that he avoided her when
there was a chance of doing anything for
her or for Sapphira. But he made no occa-
sions to seek her company. He peeled
candlenut torches, so that she should have
the light she fancied of nights in her sleep-
ing-cave, and in silence left them where
she could find them.

  He plaited her a new wide hat, almost
as big as an umbrella, out of palm-leaves.
and handed it to her without a word, leav-
ing barely time for thanks before he
turned away into the bush again.

  Often in the night, when it was Jim’s
watch or mine, we might see Flower’s great
shaggy head lifted up from his bracken
bed and peering from the doorway of the
cave; or one of us, patrolling about the
slope, might suddenly come upon him,
loping down, with that deerhound stride
of his, from the plateau, whither he had
gone to make an unexpected visit. He
seemed to trust no one but himself to keep
guard over the sea lady.

  Jim and I, talking things over, agreed
that he was taking the Greeks almost too
seriously. After all, we argued, things
could not go on like this forever. We
had been near three weeks on the island,
and in all that time the men of the cave
had never—to our knowledge—been out in
daylight.

  If they came out at night, it was with
the utmost caution, using the man who
could see as a sentry, so that they could
get back in a hurry, should any one of
us come along. They would certainly get
tired of this sort of thing. They would
run up some kind of flag of truce—
appeal to us in some way—try to make
terms. So Jim and I argued.

  Flower used to listen to us, if he was
present, in utter silence. He was not much
of a talker at the best of times, but this
want of responsiveness on his part had a
chilling effect.

  “Don’t you agree with us?” I asked him
once.

  It was the time of the evening meal. We
were sitting inside the cave, our log stools
placed about a table that we men had man-
aged to knock up out of the natural planks
found buttressing the roots of certain great
Papuan-trees.

  We were careful with our ship-provisions
nowadays; lemon-grass tea smoked in our
tins; fish from the lagoon were served on
platters of banana-leaf, white coconut
cream, with red peppers cut up on it, stood
in a coconut-shell at every one’s elbow,
to dip the morsels in, since we had no
sauce.

  We had a single precious biscuit apiece;
and Sapphira had stewed a mess of mis-
cellaneous fruits in a couple of ox-tongue
tins, and served it for a sweet course. De-
spite the absence of the story-book bread-
fruits and yams and oranges and bananas,
which are never found on true “desolate
islands,” we thought that Ku-Ku’s island
was doing us none too badly.

  Flower dipped a piece of parrot-fish in
the coconut sauce and ate it before he
made reply.

  “No,” was all he said.

  “Why not?” Jim and I demanded to-
gether.

  “Because,” said Flower, setting down
his emptied tin—I knew he missed the
“real” tea worse than any one else in the
party, but he would not touch the remain-

ROMANCE
,3i	BEATRICE

der of our little store, preferring to leave
it for use in possible sickness—“you’ve
forgotten their point of view.”

  “They haven’t got any,” said Jim.
“They’re half-castes—or quarter at the
best. You can’t reckon on them as you
would on white men.”

  “You can reckon on human nature, be
it black or white,” declared Flower. “For
some time past, those men have been say-
ing to one another, just as we have, that
this state of affairs can’t continue. They
probably expected their boat long ago. I
dare say the blow that did for poor Carl
may have accounted for her too.

  “Well, they must be beginning to see
that. They are asking themselves, ‘How
is it to end?’ And you may be sure that
they will find some answer before we shall.
Because, if things are unpleasant for us,
they are just about twice as unpleasant for
them. We haven’t committed two murders
that would hang us, at Fort Moresby.

  “We aren’t trying to ‘skin’ the island of
its shell and shell money—which I suppose
they have hidden away before some one
else discovers it—our game is to apply
decently to the Lands Office for a lease.
We aren’t shut up all day; we haven’t so
far—gone blind, any of us. Oh, the light
end of the stick is ours, without doubt.
That’s why I say that they will make the
first move.”

  “What do you think it will be?” asked
Lady Mary.

  The light in his eyes as he turned to
her! The bitter longing beaten down by
his will, as a man beats a fire back into
the ashes from which it has burst forth.

  “I can’t tell you that,” he said, with
the gentleness that his voice always held
when he spoke to her—which was hardly
ever, now. I wondered if she saw the
double meaning that I could not help read-
ing into the words.

  I do not think she did. Sitting there
on her rough log stool, her much washed
and mended cotton dress falling over her
Diana-shape like the draperies of some fair
statue, a blood-colored hibiscus burning
in her hair—why had she placed it there?—
the sea lady, I knew, was thinking hardly
at all of anything Flower might say. She
was thinking of him; looking at him; won-
dering, grieving over him.

  Did she love him then? It was impos-

CRIMSHAW

sible to tell. That supreme self-control of
hers, like clear ice about a flower, showed
yet protected the beauty of her heart and
mind. One saw—one suspected the sweet-
ness of that which lay within, but one
could not touch the lovely thing. The
sea lady’s secrets were her own.

  Yet I thought that the shadow which
rested on the face of the big surveyor, in
these latter days, threw some portion of its
shade on her.

  But he had not done speaking. He held
out his tin to Sapphira for more of the
lemon-grass tea, swallowed it, as if to clear
his voice, which seemed less under control
than usual—perhaps he had caught some
cold wandering about the island—and
went on, with a change of subject that
seemed curiously abrupt—

“I want to do some hunting tomorrow.”
“What are you going to hunt?” de-
manded Sapphira, alert at the mention of
anything that might concern the kitchen.
“Pigs,” said Flower.

  We who walk somewhat apart from
the rest of humanity have strange intui-
tions at times. I can not say why, but
at that moment I felt an unreasoned con-
viction that Flower had not changed his
subject so much after all. I was sure the
pigs had something to do with it.

  “I thought there wasn’t any,” objected
Sapphira.

  “There are a very few. I’ve found
traces lately. I think we could manage
to trap some in that stretch of big scrub.”
“Why aren’t there more?” demanded
Jim. “This ought to be a mighty good
place for them, judging by other islands.”
“I should suppose,” said Flower, choos-
ing his words with some care and look-
ing only at the piece of fish he was eat-
ing, “that the island, for some reason
or other, does not suit them.”

  “Where do you reckon they cama
from?”

  “Ku-Ku probably brought them.”

  “Isn’t there food for them here?”
  “Plenty.”

  The conversation seemed to languish.
Supper finished without much more talk.
Afterward, Jim went up to do sentry while
the rest of us enjoyed a quiet lounge on
the beach in the cool of the twilight.

  Every man has his faults, and I am no
exception. The worst of mine, or one of

ROMANCE
THE TERRIBLE ISLAND

the worst, I fear, is curiosity. I can’t
mind my own business, exclusively. I
must know what the rest of my immediate
world is thinking, feeling, fearing. Espe-
cially I must hunt down a secret when I
suspect one. If this is a meanness, it has
at all events never led me into mean
conduct. I play fair. I don’t trap—I ask.

  That night I was hot on the trail of a
mystery. What had Flower meant? What
was the inner significance of his talk about
pigs? L-knew it was waste of time for me
to question him; the big man was not the
sort of person with whom one could take
a liberty—unless . . .

  Yes, that was the way. If the sea lady
asked him, he might or not tell, but he
would not at all events be angered.

  “Lady Mary,” I whispered.

  She turned her head in the twilight. We
were sitting on the outer rim of the little
group.

  “Can you slip aside to speak to me?”
I said, softly. “Something about Flower.”

  She did not appear to hear; she made
bo answer—but she rose by and by and
changed her seat. We could talk, now,
without being overheard.

  I told her, in a few words, that I
thought there was something behind the
hunting-plan and begged her to try and
find out. She nodded, and by and by
went back to her place.

  “Mr. Flower,” I heard her say.

  He started just a little, as a horse starts
when a spur touches it. He turned his
head to look at her; he had been look-
ing darkly through the gathering dark-
ness, out to the prisoning sea.

  “What are you going to hunt pigs for?”

  “For you to eat,” he answered.

  “Is that all?”

  “No, Lady Mary.”

  We knew now that her name was not
Lady Mary—but it had become a habit
to use it. And she herself laid no claim

to the other. “It may be mine,” was all
we could get her to say.

  “Am I not to know?”

  I would have given her all that she
asked even to the half of my kingdom,
had I been a king and she a slave who
asked in such a tone. Flower felt it—
even more than I, perhaps.

  “You shall know, if you wish; but it
might be better not to trouble you,” he
answered.

  “I think I would rather be troubled,”
she said.

  And through that hateful clairvoyance
of mine that always told me everything
which was likely to pain me, I knew she
was asking and persisting, not because I
had set her on, but because she wanted
to be assured that no special danger to
Flower lurked in this new enterprise, what-
ever it might be.

  “Well,” he answered her after a pause,
“I can tell you what I want them for,
if you wish. I want them, partly for food
and partly for experiments.”

  “Experiments?” Her voice showed dis-
may, almost horror. “You were a doctor
—do you mean—oh!”

  “I was a medical student,” he corrected.
“And I don’t mean vivisection. My ex-
periments, if I make any, will not be in
any way troublesome to the pigs.”

  There was a note of finality in his voice
that seemed to tell her she had asked
enough. Yet she ventured one more ques-
tion.

  “Why do you want pigs, in especial?”
“Because, in some ways, they resemble
human beings.”

  She asked no more. I could have put a
question or two on my own account, but
Lady Mary, once satisfied that no danger
to Flower was involved, left the subject
alone. I do not know if further asking
would have brought further replies. He
had gone very far out of his usual road
in answering even so much.

10 1,1. CONTINUI.D
Stella Maris of Pete's

BY MELLA RUSSELL McCALLUM

IT WAS a dull evening at “Pete’s Res-
taurant and Sailors’ Home.” The me-
chanical piano was silent. The Scholar
was lost in a book, hunched over the
oilcloth-covered table; the remains of his
“ham-and” pushed aside, his disreputable
old legs twined about those of the chair.

   It was queer how the Scholar never got
sick of those fool Latin books. You’d
think, old tar that he was, he’d be ready to
rest, and smoke his brown cigarets in peace,
like Old Jack and Twist-Eye over there in
the corner with their cribbage-game. The
few loungers-about were apathetic and
sleepy. The Kid was making love to Stella.
That was about all the Kid ever did
ashore, ancf, if practise makes perfect, he
must have been a star. In fact he was a
star. For Stella was past-mistress at love.

   But tonight she listened to the Kid with
half an ear. He was a little too drunk to
appeal to her. A surge of something akin
to disgust rose up in her. Gently, lithely as
a cat she unwound herself from the arm
that enclosed her bare shoulder. And be-
fore the Kid knew he was being cut, she
was standing some distance away, patting
the red folds of her skirt over her hips,
regarding him with displeasure through her
tangly lashes.

   She made a pose for Carmen; slim,
gipsyish. Only no Carmen ever had hair
like Stella’s. Even now, under her gaudy
silk head-gear, it strayed about her face in
fine, fair tendrils, a heritage from her little
English mother, who had been—according
to Pete, her father, in an eleventh-hour
burst of confession—bonny and good.

   Queer words to associate with any one
connected with “Pete’s Restaurant and
Sailors’ Home”! But then, the little Eng-
lish mother had died when Stella was tiny,
before Pete gave up the sea and bought this
outrageous dump that was half-ship and
half-house and wholly disgraceful.

   “Aw, Stel, what’s the little .idea?”
whined the Kid.

‘34
STELLA MARIS

  “Tired. Goin’ to bed,” she said briefly.
“Uncle Frank, will you—Uncle Frank!”

  She stamped, for the Scholar did not
look up.

  “Yes, Stella Maris; what is it?”

  The Scholar kept- one finger on the place
he was reading.

  “I want you to lock up early. See that
Jack and Twist-Eye don’t set theirselves
afire. Shoo the rest out. And if any one’s
got to eat, cook ’em something yourself.
I’m goin’ to tell Aunt Cynthy to go home
for the night.”

  “With pleasure I shall obey, O Stella
Maris,” said the Scholar.

  Stella sniffed. The Scholar’s language
was so ridiculous. And why did he persist
in calling her Stella Maris? He knew her
name was Jackson. Hadn’t old Pete’s
name been Jackson?

  “But, aw, I say, Stel!” The Kid drew
himself up to a hulking, handsome six feet.

  Stella shrugged and turned on her
wobbly French heel.

  But before she reached the door, there
was a desperate pounding outside.

  Black Cynthy bounded in, wringing her
hands, eyes rolling.

  “Foah Gawd, we’se gittin’ raided!” she
moaned.

  The others shuffled to their feet, alert.
“Raided, your granny!” snapped Stella.
“Shut up, Cynthy! Don’t I run a respect-
able hotel?”

 “Respectable! Huh! How about-”

  The Kid was smarting.

  “Open the door, Cynthy,” cut in Stella.
“That’ll be enough from you, Kid. What
about the time I nursed you through
typhoid?” she hissed.

  The Kid subsided. A tense voice rang
from the hall:

  “Man ’most dead! Some one help me
bring him in!”

  “Sure,” Stella’s voice rang above old
Cynthy’s mumbling.

  She darted into the hall, followed by her
guests. The stranger wore a chauffeur’s
livery.

“Cynthy! Fresh sheets in the best
room, and hustle like hell. Uncle Frank!
Kid! Go help ’em in. How many hurt?”
“Just Mr. Gregory. I must have drove
on to a condemned bridge.”

  The Kid and the Scholar followed the
man out into the night, returning presently
with a still, limp figure. Stella had already

OF PETE'S	135

phoned for a doctor. With surpiizing ten-
derness all the guests assisted in getting
the poor chap up-stairs, while their pro-
prietor gave sharp orders. For once Aunt
Cynthy had really hustled. The best room
presented a fairly neat appearance.

  Stella opened the windows and let the
night breeze play over the still figure.
Then she knelt and put her ear to his heart.
“He’s breathin’,” she said.

  The Kid scowled. But he went off
down-stairs with the rest at her bidding.

  When the doctor arrived, there was a
fresh fever of activity. His diagnosis was
not long forthcoming.

  “Half his bones are broken. I’ll get an-
other surgeon and we’ll find out how bad
he is internally. Can he stay here?”

  He looked hard at Stella.

  “Are you the landlady? Because it
would probably mean death to move him.
While here—there’s & chance.”

  “Of course he can stay,” snapped Stella.
“What do you think I am? A heartless
vamp?”

  “That’s fine, thank you,” he said. “Now
the first thing is a nurse. It’s twenty miles

to a hospital-”

  “Does she have to be a trained nurse?”
Stella breathed fast. “I know a peach of a
practical nurse.”

  “You do? Well, get her right away,
then. She’ll do till we can find better.
Where’s the telephone? I’ll call Dr. Seager.”
Stella pointed to the booth, then flew
into the deserted dining-room, beckoning
to the Kid and the Scholar. Her eyes were
shining oddly.

  “See here, you.”

  She shut the door and talked low.

“I’m goin’ to be the nurse myself. And
you sports ain’t goin’ to give me away.”
They stared in amazement. Then the
Scholar, quick to divine motives, nodded—
“Far be it from me to give you away,
Stella Maris.”

  But the Kid remarked—

  “Helluva lot that doc’ll let you nurse a
patient o’ his’n!”

  “He won’t know it’s me. Just wait till
I come down-stairs—you won’t know me
yourself. But you got to promise you
won’t squeal, Kid!”

  She drew tantalizingly near him. And
when he caught her and held her close, she
did not struggle.

  “You beauty! You little devil! ”
MELLA RUSSELL McCALLUM

  The Kid was himself again.

  ‘Promise me,” she whispered.

  “Aw, why d'ya wanta pull off a fool
stunt like that, girlo, when me and you’s

so happy-”

  “Kid! I pulled you through typhoid.
Please!”-' She kissed him.

  “Aw, well, go to it, then. Only just give
me a chance when it’s over.”

STELLA sped up to her room, casting off
her gipsyish attire as she w.ent. First
she scrubbed her face. Scrubbed off the
rouge and the too-black brows. Then she
let down her pale, fine hair and combed it
up again into a plain, loose twist. Rum-
maging through a trunk, she brought up a
wrinkled but clean blue gingham house-
dress, and from somewhere unearthed a
white apron.

  She hardly knew herself when she was
done. The mirror reflected a pale, rather
delicately pretty girl with a wealth of fair
hair and brown eyes behind tangly lashes.

  “Gawd! Wonder what Pete’d say,” she
muttered.

  It was her own father who had taught
her the manners and morals of a gipsy.

  She ran down-stairs. The Kid and the
Scholar gasped. The Scholar bowed.

  “Stella Maris,” he said admiringly.
“Now you are like your mother!”

  But the Kid scratched his head.

  “You look so damned—so damned-”

  “Respectable,” she supplied, laughing.
“Sure, I do. And I am, time bein’. Now,
Uncle Frank, you and me’ll sneak out back
and around front.”

  She snatched Aunt Cynthy’s dark shawi
and wrapped it round her.

  “You can interdooce me as Miss Stella
Maris, from a neiborin’ farm.”

  The doctor never guessed. He was re-
lieved. With a curt nod he told her what
to do. In half an hour the other doctor
came. Things hummed in the sick-room.

  And thus began a new, strange chapter
in the life of old Pete Jackson’s Stella.

  Of course, if she hadn’t had a natural
knack for nursing, she never could have
gotten away with it. But ever since she
was a child, she had loved to take care of
the sick. It was the one useful thing on
earth she did love. Many an old seafarer
she had nursed back to health—and young
ones, too, who never forgot her.

  As for her guests giving her away, she

had no fear. She had a reputation for fair
play herself, and they would do the same
by her in this, her latest whim. Aunt
Cynthy could see to the cooking and the
Scholar could look after things generally.
The Scholar never paid any board anyway,
so she could ask him. She kept him on be-
cause he had known her mother.

  When a girl has had a good bringing-up,
it is her own fault if she is not a credit to
it. But when a girl has had no bringing-up
—who can say?

  Stella did not know what respectability
was, except as something to be scoffed at.
She had put rouge on her face since she
could remember. Pete had showed her how
to apply it. He had also taught her that
her surest asset—surer than the uncertain
receipts of the hotel—was her slim beauty.
And she had been an apt pupil. She had
earned an unsavory reputation at a tender
age, and always managed to live up to it.
Her house, while keeping the letter of the
law, was avoided by all who valued their
good name.

  What charm, therefore, could there be
for her in playing the dull role of nurse?
Why, the charm of the unknown.

ALL her crowded young life she had
wondered what it would be like not
to be shunned as old Pete’s girl. She had,
at infrequent intervals, longed for quiet, un-
troubled waters, for humdrum respectabil-
ity. Her friends were so unrestful, with
their ready fists and passions. She had
actually craved drudgery.

  And now she was to have it, and in her
own house, too. Already she was enjoying
herself. She liked the homely, laborious
tasks the doctors gave her. And she found
herself interested in the fate of the poor
smashed-up young man.

  The next day the first doctor mentioned
the landlady to her.

“Where is that young heathen that was
ordering every one around here last night?”
“Oh, she goes and comes,” evaded Stella.
“I guess she don’t look after her business.”
“Apparently not.”

  He lowered his tone.

  “This is a tough joint, I hear,” he con-
fided.

  She jumped. It sounded so funny.

  “Is it?” she asked. “I ain’t seen nothin’
out o’ the way.”

  “Oh, you wouldn’t,” he answered.
STELLA MARIS- OF PETE'S

>37

  Was that a compliment? She thought it
must be.

  Of course it is doubtful if the charm of
the humdrum would have lasted in other
circumstances. If the patient had been
wholly charmless himself, for instance.

  But as soon as the doctors agreed that he
would pull through, her interest in him
became something other than that of nurse.
For he was like a young chiseled god, she
thought. He reminded her of the statues
the Scholar had taken her to see in the
classical museum once. Fair, regular fea-
tures; fair, crisp curling hair; long gold
lashes. She wondered about his eyes. He
hadn’t opened them yet.

  And who was he? His clothes spelled
money. The chauffeur had said he was
taking Mr. Gregory back to school. She
had meant to ask that chauffeur a lot of
things, but he had hurried away to notify
“the guardian,” he said.

SHE expected the young man’s relatives
would show up soon. They must feel
terrible about him.

  But nobody came except the chauffeur
again, with a roll of bills that would have
given Pete apoplexy, and the message that
Mr. Gregory’s guardian, Mr. Estis, was
greatly distressed over the accident and
would be out to see him just as soon as he
could spare the time.

  Stella was highly indignant at that mes-
sage and told the chauffeur so. But he
merely shrugged like the well-trained ser-
vant he was.

  Then on the third day the young man
opened his eyes. Stella nearly dropped the
bottle she was carrying. For his eyes were
the clearest gray she ever saw.

  “You look like an English girl,” was his
first remark.

  She shook her head. She couldn’t speak.
At last she managed—

  “My mother was English.”

  “I knew it. But tell me about myself.
What happened? Dick started to cross a
bridge, I remember, and we went through
on some rocks.”

  She recounted the story.

  “Where am I now?”

  “At a road-house, four miles from Fair-
ville. Twenty miles from the city. The
proprietor took you in.”

  “Say, thank him for me, will you?”
  “It’s a lady. But she’s gone away now.”

  “How interesting. You’re from some
hospital, I suppose.”

  “No, I just live near. They sent for me.
I ain’t a real nurse. But both the doctors
say I’m doin’ all right.”

  “I should say you were,” he said con-
tentedly, attempting to stretch out an arm.
“Ouch!” He winced. “I am smashed up.”
Before the day* was done, she had
gathered his history. He had no family.
He was responsible to his guardian, Mr.
Estis, of a well known legal firm. But in a
few months he would be twenty-one, and
then he would have control of his own
affairs. He would probably go into his
guardian’s office. But then again, maybe
he wouldn’t. He might strike out for him-
self. From the nonchalant way he spoke
of money she knew he had plenty. Why,
the roll under his pillow would choke Aunt
Cynthy’s cow!

  Young bones knit quickly, especially if
the will helps. And Gregory Allison was
a model patient. He obeyed the doctor and
he obeyed the nurse. If they told him to
grin and bear it, he grinned and bore it.
If they told him to shut his eyes and try to
sleep, he shut his eyes and tried to sleep.

  “But it’s hard not to be able to talk to
you all I want to,” he told Stella the next
day. “I’ve never known a girl like you.
I want to get better acquainted.”

•	Stella flushed. There was no rouge to
hide it, and the young man saw. A sym-
pathetic tint stole faintly into his cheeks.

  “I ain’t a educated girl,” said Stella.
“Rubbish! Any one can get an educa-
tion. But any one can’t get what you’ve
got.”

  “What?”

  “Why, character, you know.”

  Verily, it was more than a new chapter
in life; it was a new life!

  “Most of the girls I know are so useless,"
he went on. “They couldn’t roll bandages
like you’re doing now. Nice little things,
you know, but—well, I shan’t ever be in-
terested in them again.”

  “Why not?”

  Stella turned away to hide her face.
“Oh, I shan’t, that’s all. Say Miss
Maris, what’s your first name?”

  “Stella.”

  “How beautiful! Stella Maris. You
were named that on purpose, I know.”
“No, I guess not,” she said uneasily. “It
just happened.”
MELLA RUSSELL McCALLUM

    He shook his head.

    “No. Such things don’t just happen.”

    “I think you’d better try to go to sleep.”
    “All right—Stella.”

    He smiled up at her. Her heart pounded.

 THE role of respectability wasn’t so mo-
 notonous after all.

    To do them justice,‘Stella’s guests were
 loyal to her. Even the Kid—although the
 Kid went away on a short cruise a few days
 after the accident, so his loyalty wasn’t so
 remarkable. They went about their bus-
 iness as usual—if pipes and mugs and crib-
 bage and seven-up are business.

    Stella gave her household orders secretly
 at night. Aunt Cynthy ministered to their
 needs and the faithful Scholar kept his eye
 peeled off and on—when Ovid wasn’t too
 engrossing. They regarded Stella’s adven-
 ture in respectability as a great joke and
 called her “Miss Maris” to her face without
 winking. But privately they thought she
 was crazy to drudge that way.

   A week passed. Two weeks.

    “He can be taken to a hospital safely
 now,” the doctors agreed, speaking to
 Stella.

    “I don’t care to go,” announced Gregory.
    They had thought he was asleep.

    “But it may be inconvenient for the—er
 ■—management of this place to keep you,”
 suggested the first doctor.

    “I think I can find out about that,”
 offered Stella.

    So the next day she told him she had
 talked with the landlady and that every-
 thing was all right. The young man could
 stay as long as he liked at the regular rates.
 Of course young Allison stayed.

  And of course he fell in love with Stella.
  She cried when he told her.

 “What makes you do that?” he de-
 manded in some awe.

  “I can’t help it, Mr. Allison.”

 “Gregory, you mean.”

 “Gregory, I mean.”

 “You aren’t unhappy, are you, Stella?”
 “I’m so happy—I’m—But I think you’d
 better go to sleep now.”

  “I will if you’ll kiss me.”

 Stella hesitated. She was two years his
 senior, but she was centuries older than this
 boy, fresh from his tutors and guardians.
 Why, he had even admitted that this was
 the first time in all his life he had not been
 under some sort of guardianship.

  But the blood surged hot within her
breast. She had a right to happiness, she
argued. Most men weren’t worth kissing.
But Gregory! She had a right to take the
love he offered.

   No matter what she had been, she loved
 him, and she was his now. She was good
 now. Loving him made her so. The past
 didn’t count. Old Pete didn’t count. Or
 any of her lovers—the Kid-

   She leaned over and met his lips lightly.

   ‘“Now sleep, dear,” she said.

   He closed his eyes, still smiling.

  As the days went on, she ceased to
struggle with herself. She listened to him
and they laughed together and just drifted.
He suffered very little pain now. The
danger of internal injury was past. She
neglected to give Cynthy orders and went
about in a haze of happiness. The first. real
happiness she had ever known; happiness
that she had not believed possible.

   But all drifting craft must pull up some-
 where. A month, six weeks passed.
 Gregory Allison recovered. He sat up now
 and even walked about with a crutch.

   One day the chauffeur came to take him
 home. He said that the guardian was
 highly gratified at his ward’s recuperation.

   Stella went about the task of packing his
 things with a leaden weight in her breast.

   He watched her as she worked. He was
sitting in an old rocker with a steamer-rug
across his knees.

   “Hang it all! ” he burst out. “You know
 how I hate to go, don’t you, Stella?”

   She faced him miserably.

  “Do you s’pose—I’ll ever see you
again?” she whispered.

   The possibility had never occurred to
her. In her experience men came and went,
bees about a flower; and the flower had
never cared—till now.

   “Why, darling girl, what ever put such
an idea in your head?”

   He held out his arms. She flew to him,
 flinging herself beside him on her knees.

   “You know I’ll be of age in just a short
 time, and then there’s no reason why we
 can’t be married, is there?”

   She pushed him back a little, staring at
 him. Marriage! She had never dreamed
 of it.

  She could have laughed. How easy
everything was. Her fears for nothing.
Why, it was too simple. She could simply
leave the old life forever like a soiled, dis-
STELLA MARIS OF PETE'S

carded garment. They would never find
her. Or if they did, they would be loyal.
She had been fair to them always. Even
the Kid wouldn't spoil the game. He’d
play fair.

  Gregory pulled her back to him jealously.
“It won’t be long, dear. Just a few
weeks. Oh, Stella, you’re so—so—all I
can think of is bonny. You’re so bonny!”
She thought suddenly of Pete’s dying
confidences. Pete had said her mother was
bonny—bonny and good.

  Bonny and good! Somehow the words
seemed to belong together. Now Gregory
was bonny and good. But she, no matter

how bonny she might be-

  “Stella! Your hands are cold—you
frighten me.”

- “No, no, Gregory.”

  “You love me, don’t you?”

  The voice of conscience was a thing to
be laughed at, along with all decency. Yet
it tortured old Pete’s Stella now. Perhaps
it was the little English mother speaking
within her. She thought of her childhood;
dancing in a little red skirt for her father’s
guests; kissing their rough faces when they
tossed her in the air.

  Gregory Allison had told her about his
childhood, spent first with a governess who
had implanted ideals of manhood and
womanhood in him that he had never for-
gotten—would never forget. Later with a
favorite tutor, who had taught him all the
healthful sports, with the underlying idea
that the body must be slave to the soul.,

BUT she loved him so! Why did these
scenes persist, to torment her?
Gregory would never know anything of her
life. She would be his slave. The old days
would be wiped away. She had a right to
happiness. * Old Pete had come near to
cheating her out of it, but he shouldn’t—
he shouldn’t! She had the right—and she
would take it—and marry Gregory—and
be happy, happy, happy!

  The boy was terribly alarmed at her long
silence.

  ‘•Stella, you must tell me what’s the
matter. Don’t you—” he choked—“don’t
you love me enough to want to marry me?
Don’t lie to me—because I can’t iet you
marry me out of pity, dear.”

Pity! She could have screamed at that.
It was supper-time down-stairs. She
knew it by the smell of Aunt Cynthy’s fried

potatoes, wafted up to them. Pretty soon
the Scholar and Twist-Eye and Jack and
the rest would range themselves about the
oilcloth-covered table.

  The Kid might come in tonight, too. He
was due. There would be remarks passed
about Gregory’s departure. They would
express relief that Stella would be back
soon.

  But she would not be back. She was
planning swiftly. She would go that very
night to the city, to some quiet place, and
wait till she and Gregory could marry.
And then-

  Why, after that they would be happy.
She would adore him always and give him
her best.

  For Gregory deserved not her best, but
the best on earth—the bonny and good.
She couldn’t cheat Gregory. She had never
cheated any one.

  “Oh, Holy Mother!” she prayed for the
first time in her life. “Pete wins.”

  “Stella!” cried Gregory frantically.

  “I—guess I—made a mistake,” she said
hurriedly. “I—thought I cared—enough
—but—I guess I don't.”

  His arms relaxed, tightened, dropped, re-
turned. He pleaded.

  She got up and went on packing his
things..

  Half an hour later an auto glided off up
the road away from “Pete’s Restaurant and
Sailors’ Home.”

  Stella lay on her bed for several hours.
Then toward midnight she got up calmly
and put on her gipsyish clothes. The reg-
ulars below were dozing, but they perked
up joyously at sight of her.

  “Gosh, Stel, we was ’fraid the rich kid’d
want you to run away with him or some-
thing,” chuckled old Jack.

  Stella slumped down in her chair and
crossed her red silken ankles\.complacenlly,
as she lighted a cigaret.

  “He did,” she said.

  “Then why’n’ell didn’t you?”

  This from the Kid.

  “You could of got a nice wad and then
shipped him and beat it back to me—eh,
girlo? What was the matter with your
brains? On a vacation?”

  “Oh, hell, you wouldn’t understand,”
said Stella.

  But the Scholar straightened his old back
and smiled across the top of his book.

  “Stella Maris!” he said softly.

ROMANCE —
Dynamite Has Its Advantages

BY DALE BROWN

  IF YOU have not felt the charm of Dag-
  gett Bowl, that long, oval valley se-
  questered by pine-covered hills literally
  infested with twittering rcdbills,
  pounding woodpeckers and rasping blue-
  jays; if you have not seen the flood of
  violets sweeping up to meet the conifers, if
  you know nothing of the cinnamon smell of
  the hills—you won’t understand why Nell
  Daggett was in such an ugly mood that old
  Simmy stuck to his kitchen till she was
  out of sight.

    Simmy himself—bow-legged, water-eyed,
  leather-skinned—was somewhat uncertain
  of temper and afraid of no one. But when
  Nell, ordinarily a sweet-dispositioned, alto-
  gether lovable young woman, so far forgot
  her seminary English as to call him a
  quartz-headed, clatter-mouthed old rooster,
  Simmy knew that it was wise to stay in the
  kitchen.

     That kitchen had been his sa’cred prov-
  ince since the day, some twenty years be-
  fore, when Pop Daggett, Nell’s father, or-
  dered him to transfer his activities from
  the chuck-wagon, over which he presided,
  to the new culinary realm; and even Nell
  respected it.

    The fact of the matter was that Nell,
  born on that very ranch, was afraid that
  she would be compelled to leave it and
  teach school, or some such thing, and she
  did not want to. She wanted to stay there
  and regain possession of the place, which
  she had been obliged to sell to an aged
  Easterner named Gorman. Two notes
  which Pop had neglected to mention be-
  fore he died and drouth and a scourge had
  been responsible for that; and Gorman,
  ' summering at the ranch, had offered a price
  and agreed to retain Nell as manager.
  Having no alternative, she accepted the
  offer.

    Gorman had tried nearly everything and
  felt that he might as well round out his
  financial gambling-career with sheep as
  with anything else.

140
DYNAMITE HAS ITS ADVANTAGES

  “But you make it pay me,” he had said,
“or some one is going to buy a ranch real
cheap. I’ll give it one fling.”

  He did not know that Nell’s heart was
broken over the sale of the place; she kept
that side well hidden. But he did know
that he had agreed to sell back to her after
a period of years at the price he paid. Gor-
man expected to be dead by then, so he
couldn’t lose anything—if Nell made it
profitable in the meantime.

  And that was the trouble; it was not
profitable. A well-planned campaign of
depredation—mysterious costly “accidents”
—seemed to be underway to force the sale
of the ranch, and not a clew to the author
had developed. Gorman threatened to ac-
cept one of several offers; Nell did not want
him to do so—and as a consequence Simmy
found it wise to stay in seclusion.

  Nell crossed Kitter Creek, rushing down
from Old Saddleback, at the foot of which
snuggled' the ranch-buildings, and came
into the south pasture, where Joe was re-
pairing a fence.

“Broken?” she asked, sliding from Perk.
“Nope; cut,” said Joe, a tall, angular-
somber-visaged man in the middle thirties.

  He pointed to a huddle of fleecy bodies
fifty feet below, and Nell half-wished that
she were a man, so that she might at least
swear satisfyingly.

  “I met Frank Lester a while ago,” she
said. “He repeated his offer for the place,
and I told him I had advised Gorman to
hang on—that we were living in hopes of
getting to the bottom of it. I hate to think

Frank would-”

  Joe straightened up, glanced at her and
then at a, huge flock—Frank Lester’s—
grazing around the rim of Daggett Bowl.
Frank ran sheep on three sides of Daggett’s
and lived up a coulee between twin hills
on the east. Said Joe:

  “Frank wants it; he needs it. He could
use this water, I reckon, and the ranch-

house, and-”

  “Oh, I know. But so do you want it—
and so do I. We have just as much reason.
That’s foolish.”

  “Mebbe so.”

  Joe was inclined to sullenness at times,
and he was stubborn—a rather morose in-
dividual.

  “Mebbe so. But just the same some-
body’s doin’ it, and . . . say, Nell, you
ain’t tryin’ to say you or me-”

141

“Sure! That’s just what I’m trying to

say!”

  Nell could be sarcastic upon occasion.

  “Any one would imagine, to look at you
that you had a little—a very little intelli-
gence. Now forget about Frank. I heard
from Gorman’s lawyers today, and what do
you think they said? The boss is coming
out himself.”

  “N-o-o!”

  “Y-e-e-s! And I’m to hold the fort till
he gets here. I don’t see how he can learn
anything, if we can’t. They didn’t say
when, but they said he was going to in-
vestigate personally. Sounds as if he
thought / was doing it—deliberately. And
whoever is, won’t, while he’s around, will
they?”

  Having thus worked herself into a fine
rage, she caught up Perk and astonished
that little horse immensely by digging her
heels into his flanks. Joe stared after her,
a rather ugly frown on his homely face.

TWO days later, Simmy, sunning him-
self on the corral-fence, stared incred-
ulously at the occupants of an approaching
buckboard and waddled into the house with
his news.

“Fred Moore’s cornin’,” he announced.

  “All right.”

Nell, busy at her desk, did not look up.

  “Yeah—but that ain’t all.”

  She sighed and swung about; she knew
Simmy.

  “He’s got his buckboard an’ that team o’
sorrels he got off o’ Frank Lester. He’s
coinin’ hell-bent. Must be dang near here
by now, I reckon.”

  He waddled to the window and peered
out.

  “Yep; there he is. And say, Nell, y'
ought t’ see that there fellah with him—
dangdest lookin’ fellah ever 1 see, now I’m
tellin’ yuh! ”

  Nell frowned. Another vacationist,
probably—and she didn’t want vacationists
pestering around; she wouldn’t have them.
They were a nuisance at any time, but just
now. . . .

  Nevertheless she went out to meet the
stranger, a short, slender, good-looking
young man, attired in startling checks, and
smiling. She tried to be irritated by the
smile and the checks and the young man’s
assured attitude—and failed miserably.

“You’re Miss Daggett?” he inquired.

              ROMANCE .-
DALE BROWN

“I’m Jerry Malone. Freddie out there
said he thought you’d take care of me. I’m
trouper—circus-performer, you know;
and I’ve been dreaming of a vacation like
this for years—honest 1”

  Nell could not restrain a smile; he was
such a clean-looking boy and so eager.
But she refused to commit herself at once;
merely urged Fred and Malone to stay to
dinner and talk it over.

  In the afternoon, however, despite Nell’s
resolution to forswear vacationists, Fred
drove back alone to Lemm, and Malone,
from choice, took up his quarters with Joe
in the old bunk-house—a bit of diplomacy
laving no little impression upon the Dag-
g;tt forces.

  Malone was a likable chap. On the third
day, by the gift of a slightly out-of-date,
alarmingly checked suit, he completely won
Simmy. It was difficult to tell what Joe
thought of him, but Nell seemed to lose
some of her pessimism.

  Jerry was a new sort of human being;
you could not be blue and out of sorts
■when he was around. Perhaps his indif-
ference to feminine charm had something
to do with Nell’s interest. He accepted
her in much the same spirit as he accepted
Simmy, as if she were a rather good sort—
good enough to pal with for a few weeks,
anyway; and this piqued her.

  She knew that, as a mere woman, she
■was attractive, and she wondered if it were
possible that Jerry did not know it. If so,
she’d see that he learned it.

  It was on the fourth day that Jerry wan-
dered away alone, in his pocket a lunch
wheedled from Simmy. He climbed Old
Saddleback, swung around the eastern hills,
and in the late afternoon came out at the
lower end of the valley. Crossing the rim,
he lay down within the Daggett borders,
feasting his eyes on the glory of the west-
ern ridge; and there Nell found him and
slid from her horse.

  “Pretty, isn’t it?” she asked.

  “Pretty? I’ve never seen anything like
it!”

  He pointed to Lester’s flocks.

  “Whose sheep are those?”

  “Frank Lester’s. He has the rim on
three sides of us.”

  “Oh—then you own just this strip
through the center? Got 'the best of it at
that, haven’t you?”

  “Yes; that is, Mr. Gorman has. He

owns this—I don’t. I had to sell two
years ago, and he was here from the East
and bought it.”

  “Had to sell? Doesn’t it pay?”

  “It did pay—but I had a run of bad

luck. It would pay now, if-”

  “If what?”

  Nell looked at him sharply, wishing she
might read what was beneath his smiling
exterior.

  “I don’t know why you shouldn’t know—
you or any one else,” she said, and went on
to tell of her trouble.

  Jerry was silent for a time after she fin-
ished.

  “Looks like Lester, doesn’t it?” he finally
asked. “You and he are about the only
two people who could be interested; and I

don’t suppose you’d-”

  “Oh, yes, I would,” she interrupted bit-
ingly. “I’d kill sheep and cut fences and
poison stock and all such things. I’d love
to do it. You see, I was born here, and I
hate awfully to give it up.”

  Outwardly she was a very sweet, at-
tractive young woman, and she smiled at
him with very red lips and very dark eyes
and told herself that she hated him and
how dare he say such a thing or even think
it! It wasn’t any of his concern, anyhow,
and she’d see to it that he left the ranch—
left that very night.

  No, she wouldn’t, either. She’d see to it
that he stayed there until she finished with
him; she would make him fairly grovel,
and then she would laugh at him—cruelly!

  “As I was about to say—” Jerry, ap-
parently unperturbed, broke in on her
thoughts—“I don’t suppose you’d dare ac-
cuse Frank, without some scrap of proof,
would you? We might have him pinched
on suspicion.”

  Nell’s reply was a glance which should
have seared his very soul but seemed to
fail of its purpose. He continued to grin
. . . and he had dared lead her into the
trap—deliberately! She bit her lip, and
felt sure that her temples were redder than
they should be. And she mounted Perk
and rode recklessly away.

JERRY watched her, quite aware of her
appeal and a bit disturbed by it. He
lay on his back, gazing across the bowl,
and finally fell asleep, to be awakened by a
drop of rain.

  It was quite dark, and the drop was

ROMANCE 1
DYNAMITE HAS ITS ADVANTAGES

i43

forerunner of a perfect deluge. He crawled
hurriedly beneath a clump of brush and
had been there but a short time when his
ears caught the low bleating of sheep and
a light, dull rumble skidding along the
ground. A moment and the rumble and
bleat increased, as if a flock were being
driven toward him at break-neck speed.

  Peering forth, he saw a dark mass spring
from the murk and rush toward the fence
shutting off that fifty-foot declivity to the
rim. It was over in a moment. The lead-
ers halted a second at the edge; there was a
creaking as the fence went down, the flash
of shadowy bodies.

  Jerry could not see, but he could hear the
horror of the thing—and he shuddered and
crept from his shelter, unmindful of the
rain.

  Far across the bowl glimmered the ranch-
house lights, guiding him through thick,
coarse grasses across a bare field, a
meadow, a horse-pasture and into a lane
leading to the bunk-house.

  And there he met a huge figure in slicker
and boots, which proved to be Joe. Almost
breathlessly Jerry told the story as they
hastened toward the house.

  “It was awful, Joe,” he added. “My
Lord, how can a man do a thing like that?”
Joe made no reply; merely cursed be-
neath 'his breath—and a peculiar thought
flashed into Jerry’s mind. What was Joe
doing in the lane at that hour? Of course,
he might have business there; then again,
he might not. Jerry wanted to inquire into
that, but some instinct halted him. How-
ever, he thought about -it long after he
crawled into bed.

  .In the morning Nell, half-distracted by
the outrage—the first since Jerry’s advent
—temporarily shelved her grievance against
him; and when he suggested a visit to
Frank Lester, “just to feel him out,” she
rather reluctantly consented.

  They met Lester coming from his ranch-
house and Nell introduced the men. Frank
was perhaps forty, big and hearty—but,
according to Jerry’s mental cataloguing,
“slippery.”

  “Come up out of the sun,” he urged;
and on the porch, comfortable in easy
chairs, “What’s on your mind, Nell?”
Face to face with opportunity, she hesi-
tated and glanced helplessly at Malone,
whose countenance remained as expression-

less as a blank wall. Nell entered another
score against him in her black book.

  Why in the world had he wanted to come
if not to talk—to help her? She hadn't
suggested it; hadn’t seen the object in such
a visit. Floundering helplessly, she grasped
at the first straw' which offered.

  “Frank,” she said, “I’m at my wits’ end,
and I need advice. You know how things
have been going at my place; and last night
. . . well, it was worse than ever. And no
one at home seems to have intelligence
enough even to guess at it.”

  She smiled sweetly at Frank, looked pity-
ingly at Jerry—and immediately began to
feel better. At least, that opportunity had
not been neglected.

  Lester sat staring down the coulee, puff-
ing thoughtfully at a huge brier.

  “Don’t believe I can help you,” he said
at length. “I reckon I know what you’re
trying to get at, Nell. You and I are about
the only folks who have a reason—and you
ain’t doing it. Well, my word wouldn’t be
worth much under the circumstances, would
it? One thing I can do—I withdraw my
offer. That makes it look better for me,
anyhow.”

  Riding towa*d home, Nell was inclined
to feel that Frank had exonerated himself,
until Jerry grinned at her and said:

  “Clever stroke, all right, but it doesn’t
mean anything. Easy enough to make it
again when the time’s ripe, and it puts a
stopper on your suspicions right now. Yes,
I’d done that myself.”

  Nell’s spirits dropped to zero. She knew .
that Jerry was right.

  “I’m going to write Gorman’s lawyers
again tonight,” she said desperately. “I’m
through. I haven’t a chance to get the
place back, and—and—oh, I don’t want to
stay another minute without that hope.

I can teach—or something. If only Gor-
man would accept Joe’s offer-”

  “Joe’s offer!”

  “Yes. Joe has raked and scraped—but
it isn’t enough, by a good deal. Joe loves
it as well as I do. He came in with dad
when he was a mere kid, and I wouldn’t
so much mind his having it. Gorman’s
lawyers said that the boss w'as coining out
soon. I wish he would. I’m—oh, you
can’t imagine how I hate to give this up!”
Jerry said nothing for a minute or so.
He looked off toward the ranch-buildings,
then at Nell, and finally said:

—. ■ ROMANCE
DALE BROWN

144

  “And if Joe got it—you could marry
him, couldn’t you? That would be one
way to solve the thing.”

  Nell nearly fell from Perk. Never in her
life had she known any one with a better
developed faculty for saying the wrong
thing at the wrong time. Either that, or
he was deliberately baiting her. At the
thought her teeth clicked audibly. She’d
give him something to think about, anyway.

  “I don’t know a better man,” she said
defiantly, “and I hate to give up the place.
I suppose you’re thinking of the thing
called love—whatever it is. Well if Joe

asks me-”

  Her chin was outthrust, her eyes blazed,
and when Jerry merely grinned in that in-
timate, teasing way, she wanted to choke
him. Said Jerry indifferently:

  “Go as far as you like. I don’t blame
you a bit. Nope; I wasn’t thinking of
love; I’m just as selfish as you are. If
I loved a woman to death, I wouldn’t marry
her—unless she was a trouper. I wouldn’t
give that up for the best woman on earth.”

IT WAS not what she expected or wanted
him to say, and it irritated her so that
for two days she avoided him and made life
almost unbearable for Simmy. Simmy’s
disillusionment was heart-rending. For all
his years, he did not suspect that even the
sweetest of women is mortal—under suffi-
cient provocation.

  With the passing of another week, Nell
and Jerry not only regained the old footing
but attained an intimacy causing Simmy to
squint his old eyes after them. And at the
end of that week came a letter from Gor-
man’s lavvyers, regretting Nell’s resignation
and asking that she remain in charge till
the owner might be communicated with. f
They-had no instructions other than the
injunction to entertain no offer for the
ranch till the owner could personally in-
vestigate; and when that would be, they
were not at liberty to state. Under the
circumstances Nell had no choice, feeling,
however, a bit resentful at what she was
pleased to term “the imposition of Gor-
man.”

  “It isn’t fair,” she complained to Jerry.
“He can’t expect me to take more interest
than he does, can he? I’ve made up my
mind; I want to get away.”

  “And hunt up a school?”

  “Yes; if I have to,” she flashed. “The

longer I stay here, the harder it will be to

leave.”

  Jerry’s grin was maddening.

  “Cheer up,” he advised calmly. “Maybe

he’ll sell to Joe yet, and then you can-”

  “If you say it, I’ll—Jerry, you’re a mis-
erable little brute!”

  And then earnestly:

  “You shouldn’t joke about that. I don’t
even know that Joe would—would ask me.”
“I’m not joking; I’ll make him,” per-
sisted Malone. “Or else—well, we’ve got
to take care of you some way, haven’t we?
If worst comes to worst, I might kidnap
you; take you back on the show with me.”
“Never! I’d rather be an old, wrinkly
schoolma’am—than prance about the coun-
try that way.”

  “I know, but—why, I couldn’t stand

this. You’d learn to like it-”

   “I don’t think I’d fret about it, if I were
you,” she put in cuttingly. “It isn’t likely
we’ll have to face that problem.”

  “I’m not so sure.”

  The good-natured banter had gone from
his voice, and he was staring at her pe-
culiarly.

  “Sometimes I think-

  What he thought she never knew, for Joe
came up and put an end to the passage, and
she went to the house in a decidedly puzzled
frame of mind. She told herself that she
did not like Jerry; that she would not
marry him, if he was the last man on earth.

  Being a poor liar, however, she could
not make it sound convincing—not even to
herself. And because she was sound at
bed-rock, she did a good deal of thinking
about it.

  Perhaps Simmy’s vision was clearer than
any. He chuckled and confided to Joe:
“Danged if they ain’t in a slippery posi-
tion, walkin’ a rail thataway. One leetle
shove one way or t’other an’ off they go—
an’ they’ll alius be wonderin’ where they’d
’a’ lit if they’d been pushed the other way.
Nope, I ain’t bettin’ a dang nickel on it.”

CAME a night when Jerry, wakened by
sorjie one moving cautiously about the
bunk-house, caught a gleam of light as the
door was opened and closed softly. He sat
up, every faculty alert, uncertain how to
proceed, finally throwing back the covers
and slipping to the floor.

  A light step without caused him to spring
back into the bunk. The door again
10

DYNAMITE HAS ITS ADVANTAGES

opened softly; some one entered, and a mo-
ment later a board creaked in Joe’s corner.
Jerry lay down, listening, and finally fell
asleep.

  In the morning he mentioned the inci-
dent.

  “I got up to look about once,” Joe said
quietly. “Thought I heard some one
prowlin’ round.”

  Immediately after breakfast Nell sug-
gested a climb up Old Saddleback, and
Jerry agreed eagerly. Half-way up they
halted beside Kitter Creek, Jerry reveling
in the view down the valley.

  “Lord, it’s wonderful!” he said rever-
ently. “And the birds—the silence of these
woods—the song of old Kitter here. I
don’t wonder that you want it back.”

  “My dad found it,” said Nell dreamily.
“Sometimes I think I’ll—I’ll die when I
have to leave it. Let’s not talk about it.
Let’s cross the creek here; we can ford it
on the rocks.”

  Jerry led the way, turning to grin back
at her.

  “Spike your foot into them,” he cau-
tioned. “They’re slippery.”

  And then it happened. Somehow Nell’s
■foot slipped; she struggled for balance—
and fell forward into Jerry’s arms.

  Later, neither could recall just what hap-
pened; only a vivid remembrance of a mo-
ment in which they clung together, lips
meeting, hearts pounding with the rush of
youthful blood.

  And then they were upon the bank; Nell
weak, nerveless, trembling throughout the
length of her; Jerry standing humbly, head
bowed, face white—as if he had done a
fearful thing, for which he was willing to
pay.

  She faced him a moment, then turned
away to look%down the valley, and her
glance went to the tank near the sheep-
sheds, from which a colt was wobbling its
crazy way.

  “Look, Jerry,” she gasped. “That
colt-”

  He looked in time to see the colt sway
dizzily, stumble, and fall; and together
they hurried down Old Saddleback, arriving
in the corral as Joe stepped back from the
colt.

  “Poisoned!” explained Joe. “Thought
I heard some one in the night. Wonder
where the mare is? Lucky them hosses
was out in pasture.”

  Without a word Nell turned toward the
house, and Joe and Jerry, rounding the
horse-barn, found the mare—dead!

  “And now what?” inquired Jerry, as
they went back to the tank.

  Joe spread his hands and swore.

  “All right,” said Jerry significantly.
“Think of something by tomorrow—or I il
horn in on this thing myself. There’s been
about enough of it. Looks almighty queer
to a man up a tree.”

  He left Joe staring wonderingly after
him, and he spent the rest of the day
studiously avoiding Nell—an unnecessary
precaution, for she kept religiously to the
house. The mind of neither was on the
poisoned tank but the incident on Saddle-
back, which somehow seemed of more vital
import. As for Jerry, he gloried in the
recollection, while f'Jell—well, one moment
she did—and the next she did not.

  Far into that night Jerry lay sleepless.
And again Joe cautiously left his bunk and
crept from the house. Jerry slipped to the
door, opened it just wide enough to peer
out, and discerned Joe’s figure melting into
the blackness of the shearing-pens. Hur-
riedly drawing on shirt and trousers, he
followed, and as he rounded the horse-barn
he saw a figure stooping above a little
flame, which suddenly sputtered into life
and began creeping along the ground to-
ward the water-tank.

  Despite the fact that he had been sus-
picious of Joe, Jerry gasped at the audacity
of the thing he saw and started on a run
for that little line of fire, as the figure above
it straightened 'and came toward him. He
was small, perhaps, but not for nothing had
he battered his way through a rather rough
old world, and he clenched his fists and
prepared either to take or give a drubbing.

  But just then another figure sprang
from the shearing-pen blackness and
tackled the one that had lighted the fuse.

  Jerry gasped again and stopped to stare,
forgetting the imminent explosion. He saw
the two men come together, heard a curse
—and thai one of the men shot violently
backward and fell to the ground.

  He did not get up, so again Jerry broke
into a run, and when sufficiently near at-
tempted a flying tackle, which, coming
unexpectedly, was rather effective. His
bulky opponent was knocked from his feet,
his curse smothered by a mouthful of dirt.

Jerry grinned, to himself, scrambled up,

itfiSfi ROMANCE	—1
I4>

DALE

BROWN

look a quick look at his victim for identin-
cation-purposes and was about to start for
the fuse when the explosion came. There
was a deafening roar, a blinding flash—and
when he got to his feet, lights had sprung
up in the ranch-house.

  He staggered to the huge bulk he had
successfully tripped. It was quiet, sprawled
grotesquely where a plank from the de-
molished tank had downed it. Huge drops
of water falling caused Jerry to look up;
then he remembered.

HE DROPPED to his knees beside the
still form, joined a moment later by
Nell and old Simmy arid Joe, who had re-
covered from his knockout and appeared
rather groggy. The corral was a lake.

  ‘•Turn him on his back,” commanded
Nell, and gasped when she saw the face.
“Frank Lester!” she choked. “I—oh!”
She shoved Jerry away, dropped down
and tore open Frank’s shirt.

  “It’s beating! Get hold, boys; let’s get
him into the house—quick!”

  That in itself was some task, but, ac-
complished, proved Frank not seriously
hurt. A discoloration between the shoul-
der-blades marked where the plank had
struck. Nell faced Jerry and Joe.

  “I been sleepin’ with one eye open,” ex-
plained Joe. “Heard some one last night,
but couldn’t find nobody when I got out.
Then tonight—well, there you are.

  “Frank hit me first, that’s all; and if it
hadn’t been for Jerry there, you might still
be thinkin’ it was me, I suppose. You
been thinkin’ it long enough—all of yuh.
I ain’t blind. Mebbe I can get a little joy
outta life now.”

  Then he clumped away, and Nell looked
at Jerry and Jerry looked at Nell; and both
smiled and glared at old Simmy, who
growled and went back- to his bunk in the
shed behind the kitchen. Jerry nodded to-
ward the still form on the lounge.

  “What about him? He’s apt to come
around any minute. Better have Joe stay
with him till we see how he’s going to take
it, hadn’t you? I’ll ask Simmy to get to
town after the sheriff.”

  Nell had not been thinking of such mat-
ters, but she nodded and went to the bunk-
house, and Jerry followed Simmy into the
shed.

  Later they met again, this time on the

porch. Simmy was on his way to town,
and Joe was in the room with the still un-
conscious Lester. Light was break-
ing over the hills to the east. Said Jerry-
“Well, your problem seems to be settled
at last. The boss can’t help giving you
another whirl at it after this. In time I
suppose you’ll have it back.”

  Nell did not seem very enthusiastic.
“Perhaps,” she agreed absently. “You’re
—what are you going to do?”

  “Me? Oh, my time’s about up. I’ve got
to go back, I suppose. The white tops—
well, they pull, Nell.”

  “I suppose they do, Jerry. When—
when are you going?”

  “Nell, let’s drop it. I’m going—how
soon can you get ready?”

  “And if I won’t?”

  She was still a bit defiant.

  Jerry slid one arm about her shoulders.
He was still grinning, but his tone was
earnestly dolorous when he said—

  “Then—well, it’ll smash me—that’s all.”
Nell tried to restrain the smile, to force
him to “grovel”—but failed.

  “I’ll go,” she said simply. “Somehow
it’s all very clear this morning. It isn’t a
question of where, is it? It’s just a ques-
tion of who. I’ll be happy anywhere.”
Jerry drew her to a seat on the porch
step, the grin disappearing as if by magic.

  “Let’s do,” he urged earnestly. “Queer;
but I’ve changed, too. Somehow I’d rather
play nursemaid to the sheep.

  “That’s what you get for falling in love,
I suppose. It makes you want to.do what
you know well you don’t want to do.” '
He was silent a moment, then went on:
“I’ve been cheating you, anyway, and I
think I want to stay—sort of an enjoyable
punishment. You see, Nell, Gorman was
my uncle; and when he died a few weeks
ago, I was the only one left, so I got it all.
I thought I’d learn more out here if you
didn’t know that, and I told the lawyers to
stall you along. If Frank had known I
owned this place-”

THEY were still on .the porch when
Simmy and the sheriff drove up, and
Simmy’s face took on a look of satisfaction.

  “After all,” he announced, as he led the
way to the back door, “they wasn’t shoved
off o’ that rail; they was liter’lly blowed
off. Dynamite’s got its advantages.”

-sr ROMANCE _
WESTON WYNNE rode a hired
horse through the wild lands
lying behind Scarborough in
Tobago.

   He constantly fell into thought and for-
got the surrounding scene; but when he
did so, the lazy creature under him ap-
peared mysteriously to know it. Napoleon
at these moments slowed down and occa-
sionally stopped dead with his nose in the
green luxuriance of the wayside. Then
Wynne came to himself once more, rated
Napoleon and pushed forward again.

  They came to a fair place presently,
where a stream of pure, bright water wound
through the woods and flashed like silver
through the gorgeous colors of a tropical
wilderness. Great trees decked with veils
of lichens and adorned with white orchid-
blossoms hung over the rivulet; anthu-
riums, vast-leaved philodendra, ferns and
trailing parasites innumerable covered the
banks with a tangle of lush life, and upon
many a bough and branch, where their fly-
ing seeds had fastened, there clustered gray
dog-pines in sprightly companies.

   The hillsides were rich in wild plantain,
wild indigo, guinea-grass, cotton, cashew-
palms and cabbage-palms; one tree on the
stream-brink glowed with purple flowers,
and other lesser shrubs beneath it flashed
feathery ■ red-gold through the green. A
king-bird, a little image of new bronze, sat
on a stone by the water and ground-doves
and sugar-birds, bluebirds and humming-
birds, like flying emeralds, made the hot
air glitter with their sparkling shapes.

  The stream itself reminded the young
traveler of little rivers in his native land.
He had seen such in Devon, though here
another sort of volcanic boulder took the
place of the granite. The waters bustled
merrily along with whirls and eddies, with
flashing falls and still, placid reaches that
mirrored the flaming flora of the banks;
but instead of brake and bramble here
were tree-ferns and stephanotis.

Obi

BY EDEN PH ILLPOTTS
us	EDEN Pl-

  VVeston Wynne was come to the West
Indies on a sad errand. Roland Wynne,
his father, overseer of the Fort King George
Sugar Factory, had suddenly disappeared
from his home. That accidental death had
overtaken him appeared certain, for ample
evidences of the fact were recorded. All
particulars reached the son of the dead by
letter, and since the vanished man had
many interests in Tobago and the lawyers
seemed unwilling to wind up his affairs,
Weston Wynne, a partner in a London.-
stockbroking firm, obtained permission to
go abroad and settle matters on the spot.

  A sum of ten thousand pounds was in-
volved and he alone had interest in the
estate, for his mother was long dead and
he had no near kindred. The young man
hardly knew his father, for he had been sent
home soon after his third year, and with
the exception of a visit to Tobago, when he
left school at fifteen years old and before
he went into an office, he had never seen
him. That was twelve years ago and he
remembered only a brown, taciturn man
who spoke little but was kind and gener-
ous.

  He recollected their excursions together.
Roland Wynne had ridden everywhere with
liis boy, showed him the sugarwork and
various enterprises in which he was in-
terested, taken him to see his few friends,
who left no impression on his mind, and to
visit an ancient, native Obi man—an ex-
perience the lad never forgot. Toby
Pierce, the strange creature was called, and
Wynne remembered still his strange den—
a grotesque place full of things that to the
boy’s intelligence had seemed weird and
horrible indeed.

  Weston recollected that Toby Pierce had
been useful to his father, for the cult of
Obeah was a living myth yet and the youth
remembered what his father told him on
that former visit. His memory even re-
called the identical words spoken, though
as a boy he had missed their irony.

  “Jumbies and Obeah are deeply religious
ideas and time has not rooted his primitive
faiths out of the Ethiopian’s nature.
Quashie treasures his aboriginal gods and
demons quite as much as any the mission-
aries have presented him. Rut our negroes
mix their creeds and take what they like
from each.

  “When a man or woman dies, the loup-
garou has to be reckoned with you know—

I I LLPOTTS

 a vampire-creature that is drawn to a dead
 nigger like a cat to fish. I’ve often heard
 the mourners- singing through a long night
 to scare away loup-garou with ‘Hymns
 Ancient and Modern.’ So ancient and
 modern join hands and superstition is jus-
 tified of her children from generation to
 generation.

   “Loups-garou take off their skins when
 at work and hide them at the roots of a
 silk-cotton tree. Naturally it is very de-
 sirable to find these skins, because without
 them the monsters die—catch a chill, I ex-
 pect. I’ve never found one yet, but per-
 haps you will, Weston, if you hunt care-
 fully. Myself, I have the greatest respect
 for Obi, and Pierce is an old friend of mine.

   “We used to have epidemics of thievery
 in this island, and Christianity and the
 Eighth Commandment were powerless to
 stop them. The cane disappeared by the
 hundredweight, till Toby Pierce came to m«y
 and promised to settle the matter for a stiff
 consideration. And he kept his word. The
 old black devil put Fort King George plan-
 tations under Obeah—a high-sounding per-
 formance, though it merely consisted in
 tying empty bottles and bright-colored
 rags and rubbish on sticks all round the
 estate. 13 ut he was right—we never lost
 another cane.”

WESTON WYNNE had spent two
months with the harbor master of
Tobago, an old friend of his father, and
now, his affairs completed, was about to
return home. The properties that accrued
to him on Roland Wynne’s death were not
to his taste as investments, and he had al-
ready completed operations for the sale of
shares in a large local argave-hemp estate,
found a purchaser for a grove of coconut-
palms beside the sea and sold considerable
gardens of cocoa and nutmeg, which local
men were willing to take off his hands. In
the course of his business with certain mer-
chants' and magnates of the island, Wynne
had detected a general attitude not wholly
friendly to his vanished parent.

   Himself, he was still under thirty—a
 frank and straightforward young man, the
 junior partner in a prosperous business, and
 Roland Wynne it was who had bought him
 the partnership and laid the foundation of
 a successful career. Half the dead man’s
 capital had gone to that enterprise, and the
 son entertained nothing but regard for the
OB I

'memory of a generous father; but he found
his own natural affection not widely re-
flected at Tobago.

  None indeed in his hearing spoke an
evil word against the dead; but at best his
former companions were indifferent; at
worst they implied to Weston’s sensitive ear
a measure of dislike and disrespect. His
host was evasive when he remarked on this
experience.

   “Think nothing of it,” said Teddy Rice,
the harbor master, an Irishman. “Your
father kept himself to himself .and neither
sought nor cultivated friends. In business
he was frankly a hard man. He let nothing
he could shift, or circumvent, come between
him and his purposes. He was too clever
for us here, and there are men among us
who have a long memory for a bad deal.
Nobody has any quarrel with you, at any
rate, and I can assure you that most of us
were sorry enough when he came by his
tragic end—sorry enough and surprized
enough.”

  The taking off of Roland Wynne had
indeed been strange, and his son found a
local suspicion that the apparent manner
of it differed widely from the truth.

  For two days Roland Wynne had been
reported missing from his home; then his
clothes were found on a lonely beach at
the north side of the island. They lay on
a rock fifty yards above the limit of the
sea, and from them footmarks extended to
the water. These left no distinct impres-
sion in the soft sand, but suggested that
Wynne, suddenly tempted to bathe, had
followed his inclination and never returned
from the water.

  His horse stood tethered under the
shadow of trees a quarter of a mile distant,
and it was indeed through the neighing of
the poor creature that searchers had first
been drawn to the spot. Once in the sea,
Wynne might have died of cramp or shock,
or he might have been destroyed by a
shark. But the improbability of the over-
seer’s riding to this lonely spot and delib-
erately entering the water seemed so ex-
treme that none felt satisfied the circum-
stantial evidence could be trusted.

   The harbor master dilated on the sub-
ject for the benefit of Roland Wynne’s son:

   “If his watch, or his purse had been miss-
ing, then we might fairly have argued a
crime; but they weren’t. He had, as you
know, ten pounds in gold'in his pocket and

his gold watch and chain as well. Also
that pocketbook you had.

  “Some men thought, and still think, that
your father did away with himself, but I’m
not one of them. He wasn’t that sort at
all and I’m sure he found his life well worth
living, though he lived it much to himself.
But to me the grand mystery is why on
earth he wanted to go bathing at all. That
was a most unlikely amusement for a man
of his age and habits.”

  “That’s a question of fact, I suppose.
He must have done it,” said Weston. “He
may have been suffering from the heat and
taken a sudden fancy for a swim.

  “He could swim, for I remember when
I was a boy out here one Winter, he taught
me to swim in the bathing-pool.”

  “He never suffered from the heat in his
life,” answered Rice, “and no more did an-
other man who came to an end in exactly
the same way. That’s another story—
fifteen years old—and yet we ancient To-
bagians were reminded of it by your
father’s death, because it is an identical
mystery and was never explained and
never will be.

  “Yes, it’s fifteen years ago since Bertram
Stockly vanished off Tobago. And he went
bathing, too, and his clothes were found
not half a mile from where they found your
father’s. Stockly was a coconut-grower—
an amiable sort of chap without enemies.
And then again—he was well over seventy
when he disappeared—a man about as like-
ly to go bathing as a land-crab. Every-
thing was quite straightforward in his case
also and the tragedies are parallel in almost
all particulars, save that at Stockly’s death
no horse was involved. He lived on that
side of the island and his home wasn’t two
miles from where he disappeared.”

  “Is there any possible way of connecting
the two incidents?” inquired the young
man; but Rice shook his head.

  “I wonder the same thing, but nobody
here sees any link, except that in both
cases the circumstantial evidence points to
a most unlikely accident. Black men go
into the water with comparative impunity,
though they have been snapped up some-
times; but that any experienced white
should take the chances is wildly improb-
able.”

  So the matter stood; and while Wynne
mourned his father’s end and would have
made every effort to solve the problem had

              ROMANCE
150

EDEN

opportunity offered, it was impossible that
he could feel any deep emotion or reach
such sorrow as he must have endured under
different circumstances. His father was no
more than a well-loved name to him, not a
personality.

HE RODE now on an excursion to
amuse himself, and the little stream
reminded him that here in his boyhood he
had come w'ith his parent to see the famous
wizard who lived near by. To his youthful
eyes Toby Pierce had seemed a creature of
infinite age, and forgetting the point of
view, he doubted not that the negro was
long dead.

  Some negresses were filling calabashes
with water at the river, and Weston, draw-
ing up his lazy horse, chatted with them.
They loved to talk and were full of local
information, for the most part untrust-
worthy. Sometimes they contradicted one
another and argued shrilly together. Once
or twice the rider confounded them himself
and volunteered the truth respecting _ the
names of plants and other things. When
he did so, the girls fell in with his opinion
at once and agreed that he was right and
they were wrong.

  “Dat so, Massa—Massa too clebber,”
they said.

  He asked them whether they knew any-
body caJled Toby Pierce.

  “He used to live out this way; but I ex-
pect that was before your time,” said the
visitor; then the water-carriers all spoke at
once and assured him they knew Toby and
that he was very much alive.

  “Him terrible ole, secret man, sar—most
dangerous ole man—you no go near him—
he Obi man an’ do fearful tings.”

  “I’m not afraid of him, Jane,” answered
Weston. “He won’t hurt me. I thought
he must be dead ages ago.”

  “Obi man him nebber die, sar—de debble
look after him,” said another girl.

  “Where does he live—that’s what I want
to know?”

  They pointed the way, and giving them a
shilling to buy cakes, Weston left the party,
rode on and followed a rough track that
presently abandoned the stream to climb
up a little secluded knoll at the edge of the
jungle. On the summit there stood a negro-
dwelling—one somewhat larger than most.
Its walls were dirt-colored and the roof was
thatched with palm-leaves. The place

II ILLPOTTS

 came back to the traveler’s vision un-
 changed after absence of years, and he well
 remembered arriving there on a pony beside
 his father.

   The spot was silent; the house of the
 Obi doctor, very lonely. No sign of liie
 appeared before the open door, but frag-
 ments of things that had lived adorned it,
 for on either side of the entrance stood a
 bullock’s skull bleached silver-bright by the
 suns of many years. A patch of sweet po-
 tatoes and a pomegranate-tree stood beside
 the hut, and the estate of Toby Pierce also
 comprised a few banana-clumps where hung
 some fine clusters of fruit.

   His boundaries were marked by a wire
 fence, on which hung feathers and old beer-
 bottles at intervals of three yards. Within
 this weird zone no man might enter unin-
 _vited, and it is certain no black man would
 have done so; but Weston Wynne felt no
 fear. His only interest was psychological
 and centred in the consciousness that these
 things, long faint in memory, now flashed
 sharply out again. He tethered his horse
 at the fence, strode over it and walked
 toward the hut. Then he lifted his voice
 and shouted—

   “Toby, Massa Pierce—Massa Pierce!”
 He was answered, and a very singular
 human being appeared from behind the hut.
 The creature carried an old rifle and wore
 nothing but a pair of tattered pants and a
 necklace of white teeth. He was very
 ancient and his ribs made a gridiron of his
 lean breast. His limbs were leather and
 bone, and so thin was he that the bones
 threatened to break his skin. His scanty
 wool was reduced to white tufts over his
 ears, and a tangled network of furrows and
 deep Tines scarred his shrunken face, over
 which shone the dome of his skull. But
 Toby was tough and full of life. His deep-
 seated black eyes shone brightly and his
 countenance was alert and intelligent de-
 spite its hideous ugliness.

  “Who want Toby?” he asked. “Who
 you, sar? Dis my land yo’ walk ober.”
 “You don’t remember me? How should
 you? Yet I’ve been in your house before
 today, Toby.”

   “I no ’member massa,” he answered
 staring intently at the visitor.

   “But you remember my poor father. It
 was he who brought me to see you ten years
 and more ago, when I was a youngster.”
 “What him name, den?”

ROMANCE
%

OBI

  Toby showed a good deal of independ-
ence and seemed not much interested in the
stranger. But now his manner changed
and, on hearing that the son of Roland
Wynne stood before him, he became much
more alive.

  “My father died strangely, you know,
and I came out here to settle his affairs.
And I remember that he thought a lot of
you, Toby, so I decided that I’d look you
up before I sailed.”

  “Me Gard! Yo’ Marse Wynne’s son?”

  “I am. He brought me here to see you
when I was a boy and told me how clever
you were in frightening the niggers away
from the sugar-cane.”

  “Well, well! Yo’ Marse Wynne’s boy—
dat so? Poor ge’man. Berry sad him
drown.”

  “I can’t understand it at all, Toby.
What did you make of it?”

  Toby reflected and shook his withered
head.

  “Dam bad business, sar. I say nuffin’,
but I tink a lot.”

  “And another chap, they tell me, disap-
peared in the same way years ago.”

  “Dey ’member ’bout dat? Him go same
way as po’ Marse Wynne. De debbil al-
ways busy and ebery man hab enemies—
even de good man, like Massa Wynne.”
Toby appeared to be full of mystery, and
the other scented light. He began to won-
der- whether he might be on the track of
his father’s murderers and even imagined
the ancient man before him might know
more than he chose to tell.

  “If there was false play, Toby, I’d pay
a pretty long price to get to the bottom of
it. Those that knew my father best don’t
for a moment believe he ever went down
to bathe in the sea.”

  Mr. Pierce nodded and mumbled to him-
self.

  “Dar plenty hid; but who care what one
ole man say?”

  “You know something, Toby?”

  “Wait here, Marse Wynne,” answered
the other. “You go see yo'* horse him tie up
safe—den you come in and I tell you what
happen to yo’ farder. I know—I know—

I know whar him am dis minute!”

  “Good God! Not alive?”

  “No, sar—him gone plenty dead. I tell
you ’bout him, an’ I tell you who kill him.
You wait dar an’ I call you in one two
minute.”

^ niffii'inafc

>5*

THE ancient hopped off into his den,
leaving the rifle at the door. He was
lame, but moved with great agility. With
his back turned, a look of unspeakable
malignity came into Toby’s face and he
showed a yellow tooth or two between his
purple lips.

  But Weston’s eyes were not upon him.
He felt dazed before the coming revelation
and marveled what it might be. Already
.he wondered if one among those whom he
had met in Tobago would prove his father’s
enemy. Had he already shaken the hand
responsible for Roland Wynne’s mysterious
death?

   Toby had hardly disappeared before he
was back again.

  The hate in his face had gone and it
seemed that greed sat there instead.

   “One ting ’fore you come in my house,”
he said. “You pay me for what I tell
you?”

   “Yes, I wall. If you can bring me face
to face with my father’s murderer and can
prove it, I’ll give you plenty of money.”
“Hunder pound, sar?”

  “Yes, Toby.”

  “I Obi man—I wise. Nobody done
quarrel wid me—dey’frighten.”

  “I’m not frightened—no more than was
my father. He was your friend. Obi’s
all humbug and you know it is, Toby.”
“Dat so, Marse—you too clebber for
poor ole nigger. But you no tell de folk
I humbug.”

   ‘They wouldn’t believe me if I did.”

  They entered a monstrous chamber and
it was some moments before the visitor’s
eyes grew accustomed to the gloom. Then
weird and bizarre objects thrust upon his
gaze from every side. Dead creatures
haunted the place and were propped in cor-
ners or hung on walls with a hideous sem-
blance of living. Festoons of eggs and
empty bottles depended from the roof;
skins of animals and birds littered the
floor; strange malodorous smells greeted
Wynne’s nostrils.

   There was a square of red glass let into
the ceiling, and from it across the velvet
gloom fell a flaming eye of light upon a
three-legged table with a copper face. A
lump of glass lay here and flashed as if
red-hot. Filth, mystery and darkness
shared the hole, and across one corner was
hung a curtain which concealed Arcanum—
the Holy of Holies.

ROMANCE
I$2

EDEN PHILLPOTTS

  Near it sat a little, black, almost naked
woman with a dirty red garment drawn
over her middle. Her eyes were shut, and
the visitor perceived her face shrunken with
an appearance of infinite age. She was
. quite motionless and appeared to be as
dead as the other fragments of animal mor-
tality—shriveled apes and bloated reptiles
—perched around her.

  So indeed it proved.

  “Dat my po’ wife, sar—she mummy—
she die, an’ I lub her too well to put her in
de ground, so I stuff po’ Mamie—an’ dar
she sit. She always berry quiet lady; but
now she nebber say nuffing—po’ galf”

  Weston stared at the corpse and edged
farther away from it. Obi was doubtless
all rubbish, as he had affirmed and Toby
allowed; but he could well understand the
psychological effect of such a den on any
ignorant mind. He liked it little himself;
there was something magnetic and mes-
meric about Toby. Despite the negro’s
amiability Wynne began to dislike the old
man.

  Drawing a chair, Marse Pierce dusted it
and begged his visitor to be seated. Then
he cleared the little copper table.

  “I fetch ge’man a drink, den I tell him
who kill his farder,” said Toby. “I tank
God Him send Marse Wynne’s son to hear
’bout it.”

  He disappeared behind his curtain and
brought out two calabash bowls, a bottle
of Holland’s and a jar of water. Then
pouring the spirit into the bowls, he added
water and drank from his own.

  “Good luck an’ berry long life, sar. An’
now I tell him dat it Marse Teddy Rice, de
harbor massa—dat damn villain kill your
farder. I prove ’bout it. Him pretend him
friend an’ he kill him.”

  “Rice! Good Lord, Toby! What a
mad idea—the last person on earth to do
such a thing—my father’s best pal in
Tobago.”

  “I hab de proof, sar—I fetch him for
you. Drink de Hollands—yo' farder give
me dat bottle an’ plenty udder bottles. I
no get no more now him gone.”

  Toby emptied his own calabash, then
rose and went behind the curtain. Weston
heard a door shut. He sat bewildered and
felt that he was breathing some creepy
essence. He gasped and heard his blood
beating through his arteries. It seemed
unspeakably mad to suggest that Rice

could have had any hand in his father’s
death, yet the knowledge that no accident
had destroyed Roland Wynne did not as-
tonish the young man.

  His mind moved slowly, heavily. Some-
thing in the foul air of Toby’s den made
him drowsy. He felt thirsty, too, for his
own flask had been emptied long ago. He
lifted his calabash. Toby had not yet re-
turned, but he thought he heard the sound
of a man digging outside.

  Then he prepared to drink and the bowl
was actually at his lips, when his glance
happened to fall on the mummy of the
woman in the corner and he saw that her
eyes were open. A moment before they
had been glued together in the puckered
and withered face; a moment afterward
they were glued together again. Not a
sign or tremor of life was revealed by the
creature, but he could have sworn that she
had looked at him.

  Something as near to fear as he had ever
felt took young Wynne at his waistband.
He knew by a sudden deep admonition that
he stood in great danger and panic-terror
nearly lifted him from his seat and sent
him flying to his horse. But he mastered it,
called upon his reason and made that play
servant to the intuition that now warned
him of peril.

  What the peril might be and how he had
incurred it, he could not guess; for a mo-
ment his mind flung to the other extreme
and he was inclined to laugh at himself
and his hallucination. But reason saved the
situation, for he was a reasonable man
without much imagination or power of
dreaming in his waking-hours. He believed
himself in danger, yet knew not in the least
its nature. But he could trust his eyes.
The motionless creature in the corner by
the curtain was alive, and she had certainly
been watching him.

  She must not know that he had seen her
eyes; he must proceed as if quite unsus-
picious. He turned his back on her, took
out his flask, poured some of the contents
of the calabash into it, whistled cheerfully
and then shouted out to Toby—

  “Come on old boy—I want another
drink.”

  Then he lifted the calabash to his mouth
and made a sound as if emptying the con-
tents down his throat, while in reality he
very carefully avoided so dotng.

  His manoeuvre met with an immediate

ROMANCE
O B I

'53

and terrifying response. He heard a shrill
scream behind him and turned to see
Toby’s wife leap from her chair and rush
away. The little monster yelled at him.

  “Yo’ dead! Yo’ dead man!”

  Then she cried to Toby.

  “Him drink—him drink de calabash!^
Dig him grave, Toby!”

  He heard a laugh outside and Marse
Pierce went on with his operations.

  Wynne’s first instinct was to fight, but
he knew not what powers the Obi doctor
might have in reserve. He made a bolt
therefore, dashed after Mamie, who had
joined her husband, and running to the
fence, mounted his horse and flogged the
astonished Napoleon into a gallop.

  It seemed, however, that he was not to
escape, for his hasty departure and his
power to mount the horse told the enemy
that no drop from the fatal calabash had
passed his victim’s lips. The negro
snatched up his rifle, which stood at the
door, and at a range of less than fifty yards
fired at Wynne just as his steed broke into
a gallop. The horse reared and the man
fell off. Then the frightened creature gal-
loped away. For once Napoleon ran very
fast indeed.

MARSE PIERCE, putting another
cartridge into his weapon, came
limping down to finish the victim if nec-
essary. But then Fortune ceased to smile
on the Obi man, and Wynne, in a fury of
passion, leaped from the ground at his ap-
proach, dashed upon him and tore the gun
from his hand. It was the horse, not the
rider, that had been hit; and with the
muzzle of his own rifle at the small of his
back, Toby was now driven the six long
miles that separated his habitation from
the port.

  He passed the time for his captor
strangely. Toby, indeed, poured undying
hate and the reason for it into the young
man’s ear. It was not a long story, and
that night when the priest of Obi lay safe
in Scarborough jail and half a dozen black
policemen set out to catch Mamie and find
the stricken horse, Wynne gave the harbor
master particulars of his own adventure
and then proceeded to Toby’s own narra-
tive.

  “I hope the old devil was lying,” he said,
“for he’s told me something that will
darken my life forever if it’s true. It may

be, though nobody can prove the truth of
it, now my father is dead.

  “For some time when he found the game
was up, the brute said nothing. Our prog-
ress was slow, because he is lame and could
only crawl. He wanted night to come
down and give him a chance to make a
bolt; but we fell in with a couple of police-
men before the sun set and, though they
were evidently frightened out of their wits
at Toby, they did as I bade them and kept
me company till I got him to the station
and saw him under lock and key. By that
time the old fiend had spit out his story
to me.

  “It seems, according to him, that he and
my father were very thick many years ago
and that he was very useful to my father
in all sorts of blackguard ways. I never
will believe it, for if it’s true, there must
have been a side to my father I never heard
about or guessed at—or anybody else, I
should hope. But he says that he and my
father were hand and glove, and that he
did many a dirty trick and was useful to
my father over and over again and put
away more than one nigger for him.

  “He asked me who bought Bertram
Stockly’s coconut-grove, when he was sup-
posed to be drowned ten years ago, and of
course, I knew that father did. Then he
swore that he put away Stockly—poisoned
him—and that the man never went near the
sea, but lies buried in his own compound
outside his den. And—it’s horrible, Rice—
he says my father fell out with him a month
before he died and turned on him and
stopped certain payments and so on, know-
ing that Toby’s word could do him no
harm. If that’s true, it’s terribly clear that
my father did not guess how strong and
agile the old wretch is still. At any rate
he doomed himself by that quarrel.

  “Toby waited his time and cringed and
never let my father guess what he meant
to do. Then, after stalking him for some
weeks, he got him on a lonely ride and shot
him through the head, as he tried to shoot
me. He took his horse and his clothes
where they were found and buried him with
the other. That can be proved, or dis-
proved of course.”

  “And why did he want to poison you?”
asked the harbor master.

  “Because I’m my father’s son. As soon
as he heard that, he hated me and was de-
termined to settle me too. So he got me in
>54

THE MOUNTAINS

and hatched the yarn about you to distract
my mind and make me forget him. What
kept me from drinking was the accidental
glint in that old hag’s eyes. Another mo-
ment I should have been done for. He’d
set her to watch that I drank, because no
doubt a drop would have had me down and
out in a twinkling, and when she shut her
eyes again, not guessing I’d seen them open,
I tumbled to it all in a flash and acted ac-
cordingly. And one thing’s certain—the
money I had from the coconut-trees must
be given to any heirs of poor Stockly who
are known to exist.”

  “Your father paid for the trees, my dear
chap.”

  “It’s an awful thing—hard to believe for
a son.”

  “A man don’t choose his own father any-
how. But don’t be too inquiring, my dear
Wynne. Naturally the people here wem’l
going to speak against the dead to you, and
for my part I liked Roland very well,
though I couldn’t help knowing he was a
bit of a buccaneer in his methods. He was
always straight enough with me. But you
can speak of him as you found him and
think of him as you knew him.”

  “He was a good father anyway,Rice.”

  “Then let it go at that. We can prove
whether Toby was lying, though I don’t
think he was myself. We shall get at the
truth when he’s tried at Trinidad.”

BUT Marse Pierce was never tried
With the help of his ragged trousers
he escaped the judgment of his fellow men,
and a negro warder, peeping into his soli-
tary cell after midnight, found that the old
reprobate had strangled himself with his
waistband.

  Teddy Rice was wont to tell the end of
the tale in his own fashion.

  “In death they were not divided, for
when Mamie saw her husband marched
away by young Wynne, £he knew the game
was up and she had poisoned herself be-
fore the boys got to her.

  “As for the rest, they found the Obi
man’s garden-patch a proper boneyard.

  “There was poor Roland Wynne right
enough, with a bullet-hole bored through
his head, alongside a skeleton we took to be
Stockly’s. And half a dozen niggers slept
their last sleep close at hand. Toby, sure
of his prey, was already digging another
grave for our young friend, when he gave
him the slip.

  “No—we haven’t encouraged Obi since
then. Any nigger starting that game in
Tobago will get himself disliked. This is
a very advanced island nowadays. As for
me, I was only sorry for the visitor. It’s a
nasty jar to find your father was such a
shady customer—especially if you’re dead
straight yourself.”

 The Mountains

WIND blows upon them salt-edged from the ocean,
Rain beats upon them, blackening the stone,

Frost heaves the ledges with obscure commotion,

And the hilltops bleach like bone.

Dwindling mountains are they on a dwindling planet,
These that look so solid, these that show so fair;

Wind and rain and frost and hail set tooth to the granite,
It wastes like smoke into air.

Though they now are passing like a slow word spoken,

In the inch of time wherein man stands alone

He sees their rock-knees holding, sees their flanks unbroken,

And his heart drinks strength from the stone.

Yet they are at best but a short-lived generation,

Such as stars must laugh at as they journey forth.

Think of old Orion, that great constellation,

And the Dipper all alone in the north!

                                  Abbie Hiuston Evans
Broken Dreams

BY KONRAD BERCOVICI

Abraham zussman was the

foreman, salesman, manager,
bookkeeper and the only working-
man of the Berman Silk Neck-
wear Mfg. Company of London, Paris,
New York.

  The factory was situated in the rear of
a Grand Street building in a fourth-floor
five-room apartment. Four rooms were
occupied by Mr. Berman’s family of six.
The fifth room, the front one, was a factory
in the day-time only; at night two folding
beds were wheeled into the room, and the
big white-pine cutting-table was also
changed into a bed for the two Berman
boys, Kalman and Henry, four.

  Mr. Berman had developed quite a trade
among the East Side storekeepers. But he
had engaged the young freckle-faced, flat-
nosed, stooping Abraham, because the boy
spoke English “like water” and could do
almost everything. When Abraham had
nothing else to do, he went to see the store-
keepers on the West Side, and from there
he was sure to bring back a few orders to
keep the machines busy. Long strips of
silk-sausages, which the dexterous Mr. Ber-
man and some, or all, of his children turned
inside-out with thin sticks which they
manipulated most wonderfully, became ele-
gant neckties before the Berman family
were through with them. Between supper
and bedtime Mrs. Berman sewed the labels
on and there was no one in the family who
could press them as well as Regina Berman,
the manufacturer’s eldest daughter, who
also gave the last touch to a tie before it
was packed for shipment.

  On Saturday evenings Abraham came to
get his pay, and incidentally, also, to enter
everything in the books and to make out
and mail the bills to the customers. It was
not only his work. It was his privilege.

  Abraham was twenty and earned only
fifteen a week, but in the five years since
he had arrived in New York, he had man-
aged to save a few thousand dollars. His

155
l5t>

KONRAD BERCOVICI

employer frequently made use of part of
this sum; improved his credit by paying
his bills promptly with the loan he made
from his working man.

  Abraham’s willingness to lend money to
his employer will be easily understood if
it is mentioned right here that he had made
up his mind to marry Regina Berman.
Regina was the ideal wife for him. Not
too “Yankeefied,” keeping the Sabbath,
speaking Yiddish well, a good housewife.
As to her pressing neckties, it was a well
known fact that she could do it better than
any one, even better than Abraham him-
self, although he knew the trade from A to
Z. It was like a gift from Heaven. All
of Berman’s children were gifted in that
direction. A necktie coming out of the
Berman factory was a masterpiece. But
Regina outclassed them all.

  Abraham Zussman never thought of her
without thinking of her ability to trans-
form a rag into a beautiful necktie. In the
five years he had been in America he had
thought of nothing else but neckties, and
he was sure that everybody worth while
talking to was interested in the same
subject.

  Regina Berman was still wearing her
hair in long, loose braids over her shoulders.
It was the high-school girl style; distin-
guishing her from the working girls. Her
almond-shaped, large, dark eyes stood well
apart on top of a lightly arched nose. Her
mouth was somewhat wide and full, but
her chin was delicate and harmonized with
the broad forehead.

  What made her still more attractive was
her cheerful disposition, her sprightliness;
she was always ready to smile and laugh
and sing. She was the pride of the family.
Her* picture and her school-certificate,
framed and enribboned, hung in the most
conspicuous part of the room over the
rolltop desk at which Abraham occasionally
worked.

  That Regina still went to school was due
to her mother’s ambition to make a school-
teacher out of her. A school-teacher ap-
peared to her as the priestess of a beautiful
and useful god presiding over the destinies
of children. It was no sacrilege to think
so.

  Was it not because of the school-teachers
that there were no pogroms in America as
in Russia? And had she not lost her
mother in such a pogrom? And hadn’t

they come here, leaving a prosperous grain-
business in Russia, because of the pogroms?
So Regina had to become a school-teacher
as a compensation for what this country
was doing for the children, no matter if
Mr. Berman, who had more practical plans
concerning his daughter, agreed or not.

   Berman’s plan was a very simple one.
At eighteen Regina was to be graduated
from high school.

   Abraham Zussman’s capital should by
then be over three thousand dollars. If
Abraham consented to become a partner in
the business, he would take him for a son-
in-law. The firm of Berman & Zussman
could then begin to operate on a large scale
and he, Berman, would become the presi-
dent of his lodge—an ambition he had
nurtured because of his dislike of Mr. Sam-
uel Goldstein, the “& Co.*' of the firm of
Cohen & Co., Cloak Manufacturers, on
Grand Street.

   Regina also had plans for the future.
 She wanted to become an actress. Because
 she knew that her parents would make life
 miserable for her if they knew her wishes,
 she had seldom mentioned* her desires in
 their presence.

   She had occasionally spoken of acting
 as a “great art,” as a “sublime one,” but it
 ■was only to prepare the ground. Of course,
 the Bermans were very pleased when their
 daughter appeared in the amateur theatri-
 cal performances of her school, but that
 was not like being a professional actress.
 Actors and actresses, the Bermans thought
 old-fashionedly, were all right on the stage,
 but as relatives, God forgive!

   With the singleness of purpose character-
 istic of women and of her race Regina
 thought of nothing else but the stage, and
 thought more about it because she did not
 dilute her thought with talk about her
 dreams. She had seen a few plays in Eng-
 lish and had been quite often with her
 parents to the Yiddish theater on Second
 Avenue, where a sixty-year-old, rather
 portly woman played the role of a sixteen-
 year-old girl and drew tears from the easily
 impressed audience.

   When Regina was seventeen, Mr. Ber-
man began to bestir himself in her and his
own behalf; he had seldom contradicted his
wife. He hated scenes. Like all Jewish
husbands he was the real master of the
house. So he let his wife go on dreaming
about the teaching-profession for Regina,
BROKEN DREAMS

knowing that his own plans would ulti-
mately be realized.

  ‘•You know, Abraham, I want you to
devote more time to sales. You can talk
English like water. I will raise your salary
and give you a commission on sales. A
man can’t turn a machine and run after
customers at the same time. You have a
good head on your shoulders and we two—
well, what’s the use of slumoosing—take
the sample case and good-luck to you,
Abraham. And if you think you can do
better in Hoboken or Long Island, go there.
You are your own boss,” said Berman one
morning to Zussman. “For the machine
I have hired another man.”

THUS Abraham Zussman became the
general salesman of the firm. He
brought more orders than that working
man and the whole family working over-
time every night of the week could fill,
and, when Berman had hired a second
working man, Abraham Zussman printed a
business-card for himself:

MR. A. ZUSSMAN
General Sales Manager
of the

Berman Neckwear Mfg. Co.

London, New York, & Paris

  His pay-envelope now contained thirty
dollars and more every week, and the loans
to his employer increased in size and fre-
quency. Berman’s own capital was little
more than zero.

  Berman began to be anxious to conclude
his plans. He was afraid that some mar-
riage-broker might get hold of the boy and
set all his plans to naught. Whenever
Abraham returned from his travels, Ber-
man invited him to stay for dinner with
the family and seated him near Regina.

  Once when Zussman had returned late in
the evening from Jersey City in a heavy
rain, Berman dropped the newspaper he
was reading and asked that tea be brought
to (he young man. His wife went to pre-
pare the samover, but Berman called to his
daughter, “Regina:

  “You make tea for him. It will be
sweeter, ha, Abraham, what do you say?
Look how wet he is. Look out or you will
catch cold. Take your coat off.”

  .Soon the samover was on the table and
Regina prepared tea for the two men.

  “Won’t you drink tea with us?” asked

'57

the young man, encouraged by her father’s
previous remark. “It will taste better in
your company.”

  “Hey, mama, have you heard what Abra-
ham said? Look at him.”

  Regina called to her mother, who was
busy in the kitchen.

  As she spoke, she also poured tea for her-
self and sat down opposite the young man
and looked at him with amused eyes. Old
Berman could hardly contain his joy when
Regina lighted a match for Abraham’s
cigar—he smoked cigars, now that he was
a salesman on the road; business demanded
it.

  “Next thing you know, he will send a
schatchen, papa,” Regina cried out, as she
filled Abraham’s glass again.

  “Keep your mouth shut, you shameless
chatterbox,” her mother cried. “That girl
becomes impossible.”

  “Sha-ska, what are you so mad at? Do
you think that Abraham Zussman is not a
nice name? And does he not come from a
good family? What?” intervened Mr.
Berman. “A woman will get in the air for
nothing.”

  “You too keep your mouth shut—you
talk like an old woman. God forgive.
Solomon, I tell you, you keep your mouth
shut,” Mrs. Berman admonished her hus-
band as she entered the room.

  Abraham felt very ill at ease for a while,
but he found solace in the look Regina gave
him.	'

  The following evening, Saturday, Abra-
ham invited the girl to a show. Regina
accepted eagerly after one look at her
father. She dared not look at her mother,
where she knew there was disapproval.

  When she went into the next room to
dress, her mother followed her and had
it out with the girl. Berman scented the
brewing storm, and as he did not want the
young man to hear what his wife told her
daughter—the walls separating East-Side
rooms are very thin—he took Abraham to
the remotest corner of the shop to show
him some new samples of silk he had just
received.

  When the two young people were gone,
the children were given nickels and dimes
to go out and buy candies, and husband
and wife threw their cards on the tables:
“What do you mean by letting her go
out with that man? The nerve of that
‘nobody’ to come and invite my daughter to

.	ROMANCE -
KONRAD BERCOVIC1

a show with him! And she’s graduating
next year from high school. Is she his
kind? What do you mean, Solomon Ber-
man? What? Do you think she is too
heavy on your hands already, Solomon?

I tell you it will not be!” cried the mother
in her loudest voice.

  “I think nothing of the sort. I think
that Abraham will make a good son-in-
law,” answered Solomon Berman very
calmly. “We have no dowry for that
grand daughter, you know, and Abraham
will be a good partner in the business. He
will put his money in the business and we
will have a regular factory. That’s what I
think, woman.”

  “Is that what you say?” Mrs. Berman
shrieked at the top of her voice. “Is that
so?” And the black wig shook on her
short gray head. “Then better don’t think
at all, I say.

  “My daughter is going to be a teacher
in four years. I have dreamed of nothing
else since she was that high. I have put up
with everything to keep her in school, but
not because I wanted Abraham to have a
learned wife.”

  “Better send her to a nunnery then,”
interrupted her husband.

  “Do you think,” pounded the woman on
the table, “that I have sent her to a high
school that she should marry Abraham
Zussman? What? Solomon, I tell you,
it will not be. It will not be, I tell you!”
Solomon Berman put an end to her rav-
ings by letting himself into his overcoat
and announcing that he had an important
meeting at his lodge. He left his wife to
herself.

WHEN the children returned, sucking
red lollypops, they found their
mother in a crying-fit that touched their
hearts. She had thrown herself full length
across the bed and was tearing the pillow
with her hands.

  “What’s the matter?” Kalman asked.

  His mother’s sorrow was so contagious
that he felt like crying himself.

  The mother did not answer. Soon all of
them lent their voices to the song of broken
dreams.

  Hours later, when Regina, all flushed,
had come home from the theater and a visit
to the ice-cream parlor, she found her
mother and the little ones sleeping, huddled
together on the large bed. She understood.

Not all, but enough. She knew the motif
of the despair. But she had her own
dreams to realize, her own life to live.

  Abraham had taken her to a Second
Avenue theater. At the box-office he had
asked for the best seats in the house. In
the lobby he had met several acquaintances,
to whom he introduced Miss Berman, only
too proud to be seen with the daughter of
his employer.

  He had never before been inside a the-
ater. The luxury of it all, the mosaic
floor, the colored walls, the frescoes, the
painted heads of the muses, the gorgeously
blazoned ceiling, with the thousand and
one lights protruding from little plaster
ornaments gave him a thrill he had never
experienced before.

  To his left sat Regina. She insisted on
telling him the story of the play which she
had already seen the Winter before. In the
animation of speech she put her thin, warm
hand over his thick, freckled fingers. The
feel of it was enough to make any one’s
blood tingle and dance.

  “It’s sure now. She will be my wife,”
he thought.

  In the tense moments of the play she
passed her arm in his and even leaned her
head on his shoulders when the intriguing
woman on the stage was stealing the hus-
band of the good wife—the good and over-
faithful wife of all the stages of the world.

  Abraham looked at the stage but saw
little and understood less of what was going
on. Not because the play was too compli-
cated for him. His mind dwelt on one
thing:

  “She will be my wife. No one can press
a necktie better than she does.”

  Between the third and the fourth act he
bought her a box of chocolates from one of
the hawking boys sauntering between the
rows.

  On the way home, as he was elbowing
space for two through the dense crowd of
ample women and slow-moving men, she
pressed even nearer to him. By the time
they were sitting opposite each other in the
ice-cream parlor, they had progressed so
far that he had dropped the “miss” and
called her “Regina.” It was after the ice-
cream that the girl sent her first shaft by
claiming that she could play the role of the
star much better than “that fat actress.”

  Bewildered by her pretension, he just
said “Maybe,” sparring for time. On the

ROmAhCE
BROKEN DREAMS

■59

way home she confided a little more of her
secret to him. She intended to become an
actress. He was the only one to whom she
had ever confided her dream. He must not
mention a word about it to anybody.

  He promised. She even asked him to
come to see her act at the performance her
school was: putting on. He promised to
come. Before he had said good night, she
patted him on the shoulder. As he lifted
his hat to her, she put a finger on her lips.

  “But not a word of this to any one.
Good night and thanks,” she called out, as
she ran up the dark stairs of the ill-illumi-
nated, moldy, ill-smelling hallway.

  The following evening Abraham invited
Regina for a walk on the avenue. The girl
accepted the invitation against the feeble
protests of her mother. Strange how her
attitude toward Abraham Zussman had
changed in a few days. He had never ex-
isted at all as far as she was concerned. He
was a working man in her father’s shop.
To a romantic girl of Regina’s type a youth
such as Abraham had no attraction whatso-
ever.

  And suddenly the change. Because she
had confided her dream to him, he became
a different man in her eyes. Because he had
listened to her and had not contradicted,
not scoffed, not discouraged, she was anx-
ious to be alone with him again, walk by
his side on crowded Second Avenue and
pour into his ears all she had dreamed of
since she was a child—a stage, an audience,
and she the center of it all.

   As soon as they were on the street, Abra-
ham opened the conversation by telling her
that he had thought the whole night about
what she had told him the previous day.

   “I think you could be a great actress.”

  She slipped her arm in his and an-
swered—	,

  “That’s very nice of you to think so,”
and woman-like she made him assure her
again and again that she was to be a great
actress.

  “And I will come to see you act on the
stage and you will not even know that I am
there, Regina,” he-moaned sadly as he sat
down on a bench in Stuyvesant Square.

  “Don’t be a child, Abraham,” she re-
plied, nestling close to him. “You will
help me become a great actress—that’s
what you will do; won’t you?”

  “I? How?”

  But she would not tell him how. It was

high time to return home with her. To-
morrow, if he wished, he could take her to
the theater, to the English theater, where
they played “Hamlet!” He promised. On
the way home she told him the story of the
play, dwelling chiefly on the great role of
Ophelia. Abraham was greatly impressed.
He was only too anxious to go and see the
play with her the following evening. They
stood in the hallway of her home and talked
a little longer.

  “But,” said Zussman before leaving,
“wouldn’t your mother be against it—I
mean that you should go with me to the
theater?”

  “Leave ma to pa,” she laughingly an-
swered, as she allowed him to hold her
hand in his.

WHEN Abraham Zussman came to in-
vite Regina to the theater the fol-
lowing evening, the girl’s eyes were very
red, but her braids were no longer hanging
over her shoulders. She was dressed ready
to go, and there was strong decision in her
voice as she said to the boy—

  “We must hurry, Abraham; it’s getting
late.”

  “Regina, you have cried,” Abraham said
to her as soon as they were on the street.

  “Oh, it’s nothing,” she answered, press-
ing his arm, and kept very quiet on the way
to the play.

  She was very quiet all through the per-
formance. Abraham tried hard to make
conversation during the evening, but she
was not so disposed.

  On the way home she asked him—

  “How do you like the play?”

  “I did not think of the play. I thought
tonight of your eyes—you have cried; and
I know it’s because of me. It’s the same
thing, I know, Regina.”

  She had to console him. Yes. Her
mother was against her. Against the the-
ater. Did not want her to become an
actress.

  “But I want you to become an actress
and I am going to show them what I can
do,” Abraham cried out suddenly. “The-
ater is just as good a business as neckties,
if not a better one—you’ll see.”

  “Will you do that? Oh, Abraham!”

   She pressed his arm even closer.

  “Will I?” and he returned the pressure.
  It was as good as an engagement. Be-
ibo

KONRAD BERCOVICI

  fore saying good night to each other they
  kissed at the foot of the stairs.

    Neither mother nor father felt like ask-
 ing questions the next morning when Abra-
 ham walked from the shop into the living-
 room and announced boldly to Mr. and
 Mrs. Berman that he and Regina were en-
 gaged and that he had bought her a ring.

    “Mazeltoff, tnazeltoff, I wish you luck,”
  Solomon Berman exclaimed, as Abraham
  put the ring on Regina’s finger. “But you
  could have asked us—I am her father, am
  I not? There is her mother, too—but,
  well—America—children here don’t ask
  their parents.”

 THE two parents soon woke up to the
 fact that their little Regina was a
 woman striking out for her own shores.
 She quit school without as much as “by-
 your-leave” and boldly announced that she
 was going to become an actress. Whereas
 Abraham Zussman had formerly been
 grateful for the slightest favor shown him
 by his employer’s wife, he now expected
 little services and accepted them as if
 they were due him.

   And Solomon Berman too woke up to
 something he had not expected. He had
 expected Abraham to consider the marriage
 • to his daughter and the subsequent inevi-
 table partnership in the firm as a stroke of
 fortune that comes once in a thousand years
 to one of two million men. But now, with-
 out many preliminaries, Abraham an-
 nounced that he was not going to invest
 his money in the necktie business. Abra-
 ham's decision made Berman realize that
 it was he who ought to be thankful to Abra-
 ham Zussman for taking his daughter in
 lawful wedding without demanding any
 dowry. Abraham had money; three thou-
 sand dollars. What had Berman? Noth-
 ing at all.

   There were two distinct groups now in
 the house. Berman and his wife, and Abra-
 ham Zussman and Regina. The younger
 ones had the deciding voice in everything.
 Abraham already bossed the factory; Re-
 gina bossed the house. When it finally
 came again to words between husband and
 wife, Mrs. Berman said:

    “I say, Solomon, the quicker they marry,
 the better it will be. I am not responsible
 for what is going to happen if she keeps
 it up that way.”

  “You may be right. For all the good it
will do me now, let them get married.”

  After reflecting for a few moments, Ber-
man continued.

  “Maybe you could have a little shmoos
with your daughter about the partnership.
What do you say, Leah?”

  “I say nothing. But I think it was Re-
gina, that put that idea in his head, not to
come in partnership with us. What does
she care about her father and mother?
She wants to be an actress. She speaks of
him, you should hear her, Solomon, as if
he were, who knows what—as if we don’t
know who he is. I would never have slaved
for her the way I did,” the mother cried.

  “What brought about all this change,
what?” questioned Solomon Berman, talk-
ing more to himself than expecting any an-
swer to his query.

  But his wife was ready with the answer,
as if the question was just the thing she
had waited for.

  “When I wanted to talk about it to you
that night when he invited her to the the-
ater, you had an important meeting at the
lodge,” she mimicked. “Ha? A meeting
at the lodge was more important to you
than the future of your daughter, the
dream of your wife.”

  Solomon Berman knew the answer to his
query now. It was youth against old age.

  “I think it well that she should marry
early in the Spring, eh, Leah?”

  “Let them marry when they will. She
has broken my heart. I don’t care much
what she does now,” said the disappointed
mother.

  “You wanted a school-teacher, ha? If
not a school-teacher you don’t care. You
come from a race of school-teachers, ha?
Only school-teachers! ’ ’

  And there was raillery, bitterness, sar-
casm in his voice. It made the woman
cry. He regretted his words. He had
never spoken to her in such a tone before.

  “You did not understand me, Leah?
Why must it be Regina? It will be Malka,
your youngest daughter. Is she not your
child, too? Come on, don’t cry. Malka
has good reports. She is bright. She is
smart. It will be Malka, what?”

  “It’s not the same, Solomon, it’s not the
same; it never will be the same; it never
will be the same, I tell you,” she cried, yet
she was thankful to her husband for the
suggestion.

_ ROMANCE _
II

BROKEN DREAMS

  He felt that his words had taken root.

  “Why is it not the same? Is she not our
child as well as Regina? Better make some
tea for us. I feel I want some tea.”

  Leah started to put the glasses on the
table, and going to and fro, she spoke
partly to herself, partly to her husband.

  “And reallyj why not? If it’s not Re-
gina, it will be Malka. A few years later.
Well! What does it count? A few years
sooner, a few years later. What does it
count, ha?”

  “Of course it doesn’t. Sit down and
have your tea.”

ABRAHAM and Regina went frequently
to the theaters. To the Yiddish ones
at first and to Broadway afterward. He
had seen Regina act in the amateur per-
formance she had spoken about and was
impressed by her ability then. He thought
that she could do such things at least as
well, or even better, than pressing neckties.

  Yet later on, when he had seen other act-
ors, he was not so sure about that. There
were many things that she had yet to learn,
he concluded. She was, of course, very
gushy about her talents} as well as all
stage-struck young people.

  They went together to the theaters, but
each had his or her own thoughts and rea-
sons for doing so. She wanted to see roles;
he came to observe the business-end of the
theater. Regina’s theatrical inclination
had set his mind traveling in a new direc-
tion. He informed himself about expenses
and incomes of the theater. About actors
and plays. About the chance of gain and
loss.

  The stage, the thousands of heads, the
cries, the laughter, the problems proposed
and resolved—the whole thing represented
to him only a different business in which
there were bigger chances than in the one
he was in just then. It had never occurred
to him before that there was another busi-
ness than neckties for him until then. It
was not love for his intended wife or in-
clination that urged him in that direction.
It was simply a chance to make more
money in a different business than neckties.

  He realized at once that his capital was
ridiculously small for such an enterprise.
He had formerly thought of himself as a
rich man. In his old business three thou-
sand dollars was a capital to be reckoned
with. In the theatrical business, he soon

learned, it was about enough' for one day’s
expenses. Tens of thousands of dollars
were spoken of as lightly as if the dollars
represented cents. It was a big business.
The ante was bigger. It made him look on
his own capital as something to be risked
easily on a chance of making more money
quickly.

  He began to visit, with Regina and
alone, the cafes frequented by Yiddish act-
ors. In the course of a few months he had
gathered all the information necessary.
Conversation with better informed men
gave him a certain polish. His willingness
to stand treat endeared him to many. His
larger vision served him even in his work as
a salesman. He brought in more orders
now in a day than he used to bring in in
his best week a few morfths before.

  To carry out these orders he had to ad-
vance money to Berman to buy two more
machines, a cutting-table and several other
things. He became more than a partner in
the business; he practically was its owner,
but he looked on it as a side-line. His ears
and eyes were open for other things, bigger
things—the theater!

  Only a few months before Regina had
been infinitely his superior. Her ambitions
and her learning as a high-sqhool girl were
sky-high. That she consented to go out
with him he had considered a heavenly
privilege in spite of the fact that he had
planned to marry her years before. But
now he towered over her. His ambitions
were greater, and what he had picked up
from here and there was more than she had
ever known. He laughed to himself when
he thought how much he had admired this
and that inferior actor and the trashy plays
that he had seen at first.

  Regina’s ambitions! Well! Love now
did not color his judgment about her abil-
ity. There was much she had to learn.
And if she succeeded, she would be a good
asset in the business. Stars commanded
big prices. Three and four hundred dollars
a week. If he could save that at the be-
ginning, it would make things easier. But
with or without her he was determined to
enter the theatrical field. He had very
little to lose and the prospects were large.
Thousands, tens of thousands. The Yid-
dish theater was a mint.

  Regina too felt that Abraham had be-
come her superior. Long before they were
married, she took orders from him. It was
KONRAD BERCOVIC!

he who enrolled her as a pupil in an East-
Side acting-school, treating her as one with
superior knowledge treats a beginner. She
began to love him. He was a man, a real
man, and would make her a great actress.
The Yiddish stage at first and then Broad-
way. Broadway, her name in electric
lights! Broadway—a star on Broadway!

  In the shop Solomon Berman was now
little more than a salaried employee. He
also took orders from the future son-in-
law. It dispirited him so that he did not
even attempt to run for the presidency of
his lodge, to compete with Goldstein, who
had been a tailor at home and was now a
manufacturer of clothing in America.

  When the wedding of Regina Berman
and Abraham Zussman finally took place,
the guests of Abraham outnumbered and
outshone the guests that came by Berman’s
invitations. Abraham’s guests were writers
and actors. It clearly established the fact
that the Bermans were passe and the Zuss-
mans on the rise. It was not at all as Ber-
man thought it would be—that he would
have to apologize for accepting Abraham
Zussman as his son-in-law. It looked as if
Abraham Zussman had condescended to
marry Regina Berman, the dowryless
daughter of a necktie-manufacturer.

AT THE beginning of the following sea-
son Abraham was the owner of the
Regina Theater, on Second Avenue. How
had he bought it? By willing it. By bor-
rowing money from the bank. By a few
successful and daring real-estate operations.
Instead of neckties the factory now turned
out putees for the army and twenty ma-
chines worked day and night in three shifts.
Yet all these things, each one with its pos-
sibility of riches, were' only side-affairs.
The main track of Abraham Zussman’s
mind was occupied with theatrical projects.

  He laid his plans rapidly. Actors and
playwrights sought his company and lis-
tened to his opinions. He was invariably
right. His point of view was that of the
public. The public was his business. He
studied his business. He left his wife to
watch the show from a first-row seat. He
went to the gallery and observed the people.
Noted when they laughed or cried, when
the interest sagged or..rose. When his the-
ater was ready to open for the season, his
education was finished.

  In the first play to be produced his wife

had a very important role. She was the
star. During the preparation for the sea-
son Abraham was too busy with other
things to see his wife rehearse. That end
of the business was in the hands of a capa-
ble director, who assured Mr. Zussman that
she was a genius.

  Regina worked with him every day.
Who can describe the jealousies of the
other actresses? How they spoke of the
luck of that “slip of a girl, lucky enough to
marry a man rich enough to buy a theater
for his wife to act in.” How they flattered
Regina when they spoke to her, and how
unfiatteringly they spoke of her behind her
back. Every little mistake of routine of
the novice was immediately reported and
guffawed about to eager listeners in cafes
and restaurants.

  “That lucky slip. She is a star now.
She has her own theater. Wait till the first
night. What’s the use! The critics have
probably been paid to praise; I leave that
to Abraham Zussman,” were the continual
remarks.

  Regina did not know in what world she
was living. She was scared by what she
had desired since childhood. It had all
happened so quickly that her enthusiasm
had had no time to cool off. The director,
sure that Zussman went into the business
only for his wife’s sake, thought it his duty
to be very flattering to Regina and assure
her that she had but to appear on the stage
to have the world at her feet.

  To Regina her husband was her god.
He had never told her his reasons for going
into the theatrical business. She took it
for granted that it was because he wanted
her to shine as a star. How grateful she
was to him for his confidence in her! How
she loved him for his willingness to risk his
capital to satisfy her ambition! She must,
she must succeed. More for his sake than
for her own. How he must have loved her
during the years he had been working for
her father! It was as one reads in stories.

THE night of the first performance.
Slowly at first, but in the last half-
hour very rapidly, the theater had filled.
The East Side is always eager to go to the
theater, now more than ever before. So
‘many new dresses to show. Bediamonded
fingers, heavy golden chains crossing under
and over overgrown abdomens.

  Through the peeping-hole of the big

—- ROMANCE --
ADVENTURING

103

curtain Regina watched the theater as it
filled to capacity. Soon the musicians ap-
peared. At the first bar of the national
hymn all heads shot up, some still munch-
ing fruit, others sucking candies and speak-
ing to one another. Children cried aloud.
Ushers were running to and fro. Boys
hawked chocolates and sodas. It seemed
more like a huge exhibition of prosperity
than a theatrical audience.

  Then the curtain rose for the first act
and the noise instantly ceased. From the
first moment of her appearance it was clear
that Regina would not “take.” Her own
lack of experience stood in her way, and
the others, especially the woman next to
her in importance, Madame Sherman, did
all that could be done to accentuate the
star’s bewilderment and ignorance of
routine.

  The prompter spoke so loud that he was
heard better than the actress, and when-
ever the audience was supposed to cry,
loud laughter was heard. The test of a
play and an actor on the East Side is tears.
The more the better.

  When the curtain fell after the first act,
Regina Berman, in the language of actors,
was “dead.”

  She walked through the other acts as
through a series of-torture-chambers. Only
once during all the performance had she
seen Abraham.

  “Brace up, girl. Brace up, don’t worry,
it will be O. K.,” was all he said to her.

  She hardly dared to face him when it
was all over. He came into her dressing-

room and sat down near her. She cried and
cried.

  “Abraham, Abraham, after all you have
done for me! I am unworthy, unworthy of
you.”

  “Well, it’s all right. It will not kill us,”
he answered.

  “But we are ruined. I have ruined you,”
she moaned.

“Not at all. I have already told Mad-
ame Sherman to take your role tomorrow.”
“What do you mean—Mme. Sherman?”
“Well, you don’t" expect me to let you
continue now—do you?”

  “What? Is it not all over? Won’t you
give up the theater now?” she flared up for
a moment.

 “Why should I? Because you have
failed? A business like that does not de-
pend on one single actress. The loss is not
so terrible as you think. Of course, it
would have been better, more economical—
but that does not matter much. Madame
Sherman takes your place. I will engage
some one else in her stead, and—I will dis-
miss the cashier. You could take her place
and save me some money until you can
return again to the stage.”

  “So, you have not done it all for me?
For me only, Abraham?” she asked, as if
roused from a long-drawn dream, her eyes
wide open, her mouth agape.

  “What do you mean, ‘For me only?’
The theater is a business—a big business.”
And because this shattering of two
dreams in one evening was more than she
could stand, she laughed and cried and
laughed again.

  Adventuring

 OUT upon the hillside a pixie wind is playing.

 He beckons and he calls to me, bound by my window-sill,

 And gladly would I follow him to far adventures straying,

 The friendly, frolicking old wind whose voice is never still.

 O	Brother Wind, gray Brother Wind, wait for me while time passes,

 A month, a year, a hundred years, they matter not to you—

 One day and I shall join you, creeping up through stems and grasses,
 And we will go adventuring down an old world that is new.

Edna Valentine Trapnell
Some Pearls and a

BY CARL CLAUSEN

Swine

MAINA LO, the shell-diver’s
daughter, took from the shelf
above the hearth a heart-shaped
pearl shell and a small leather
sack. Tlacing the shell upon a low stool
in the middle of the floor, she shook into it
twelve small, gray seed-pearls from the
sack and poured over them half a cup of
coconut-oil from an earthen vessel. On
her knees, her elbows resting on the edge
of the stool, she pursed her lips and blew
softly upon the surface of the oil.

   Her father watched her intently from
 his mat, peering over her shoulder with his
 watery, brine-blinded eyes, a broken stump
 of a clay pipe between his toothless gums.
 Old and decrepit was Aoku, the shell-diver.
 The icy clutch of twenty fathoms had
 squeezed the warm blood from his veins
 and left him a paralytic, helpless wreck,
 dependent upon the charity of the inhabi-
 tants and upon the bounty of the occa-
 sional traders whose schooners tarried in
 the lagoon for a few hours between the
 tides.

   “What see you in the shell, daughter?”
 he croaked, raising himself on palsied
 knees.

   Without answering, Maina lo continued
 blowing, until the funnel-shaped opening
 made in the oil by her breath touched the
 bottom of the shell and caused eleven of
 the twelve small pearls to arrange them-
 selves in a circle about the base. The
 twelfth and largest stayed in the center of
 the circle and no amount of blowing could
 dislodge it.

   “A strange ship will enter the straits.”
 she answered, gazing into the shell with
 her face between her hands. “We shall
 have food, much food, my father. I see a
 very white sahib with hair like the sun and
 eyes the color of mother of pearl.”

   “It is time.” Aoku mumbled. “Perhaps
 it is Perrot, the trader. He is free with
 his purse and he favors you.”

   “Perrot, the Frenchman, is a swine,” she

164
SOME PEARLS AND A SWINE

.65

cried. “Sooner would I starve than eat
from his hand. Have you forgotten his
perfidy with other maidens? Aileta who
leaped from the cliff and others?”

  Aoku shook his head and gazed at the
floor.

  “I am an old man,” he whined. “Soon
I shall be gone. Have I not labored for
you these many years? It is time you took
a man. Among our own people not one
finds favor with you. Then why spurn you
this white trader who has much gold and
fine houses?”

  “The Frenchman is a swine,” Maina lo
repeated. “Think you he would take me
to dwell as his wife? Not he! I am still
a maid, and a maid I remain until—
until—” she paused and patted her father’s
wrinkled cheek—“until my heart calls
me.”

  “We shall starve,” Aoku whimpered.

"I am an old man-”

  “Rest easy, my father, I am young and
strong. I can dive. Tomorrow I begin.
Who knows but some day I may bring up
a great pearl ?’?

  “But you are a woman,” he remon-
strated, “and good to look upon. The men
will laugh you to scorn.”

  “Yes,” she said, slowly, “I am a woman
—and good to look upon.”

  She rose to her feet, poured the oil from
the shell and replaced the twelve small
pearls in the sack.

  A quiet serious-minded girl was Maina
lo, with rather heavy, sensuous lips and
somber eyes that somehow suggested-slum-
bering passions. She had the respect of
traders and natives alike, for she was a
good girl. Also, she was beautiful, a rare
combination along the Straits of Malaita,
where beauty and virtue rarely go hand in
hand.

  From her crown of glossy black hair to
her finely-arched bare feet she was good to
look upon. Proud of bearing she was, high-
breasted as Venus, with the aristocratic
blood of her race flowing undiluted in her
veins.

  She was proud of this blood. Upon the
free and .easy unions between maidens of
her race* and the white masters she looked
with scorn. Her mind, primitive, and un-
tutored though it was, grasped the signifi-
cance of such unions and their effect upon
the destiny of her race.

  In a vague sort of a way she understood

that she and her people were inferior to the
white man who seemed to possess every-
thing in the world worth possessing. She
wondered why. It seemed unjust. Did
she not love, hate, eat and drink as they?
Did not the sun smile on white and brown
alike, and the soft-trade winds, did not they
kiss the graves of both races, impartially?

  The brown man toiled no longer at his
ancestral pursuits. Rum had left in him
no desire for the old, simple life. Upon
his women a new and sinister value had
been placed, and he had sunk low enough
to take advantage of it.

  Maina lo pondered much upon these
signs and hot hatred grew in her heart
against the white man and her debased
brethren. Had she lived in New York in-
stead of upon Danrhyn atoll, she would
have been an ardent suffragette.

AOKU’S boat, the Moonbeam, was the
fastest and best equipped of the fleet.
Crippled and reduced though Aoku had be-
come, he had ever refused to part with it
at any price. Originally the lifeboat of a
merchantman, the old diver had bought
her for five pounds sterling from the cap-
tain of the ship, who was anxious to use
the deck-room which it displaced for stow-
ing cargo. Aoku had dragged the boat
upon the beach, overhauled her from stem
to stern, decked her over with a deck of
inch and a half baltic-pine and rigged her
with a long slender mast, mainsail, top-
sail and two jibs. Outside the South Pa-
cific Trading Company’s lugger at Dura-
long—an ex-yacht—no faster boat existed
in the straits.

  Before daybreak Maina lo hoisted main-
sail and jib and stood across the bar with
a five-knot breeze long before the rest of
the fleet had begun to stir. She headed for
Little Akaroa, a cove on the lee side of
Duralong, where diving was good on the
slack tide. Once clear of land, she set the
tops’l, slacked out the main sheet and
squared away before the wind.

  The Moonbeam leaped in response to the
increased pressure of sail and buried her
nose in the turbulent greenness under her
bow. Maina lo hung upon the tiller and
through the flying spray watched the white-
caps chase one another in the wake astern,
and her heart leaped in exultation with the
M oonbeam.

  Here she was at home. A sister to the

ROMANCE
CARL CLAUSEN

north wind, she, racing down her ancestral
domain. Her long black hair lay coiled in
two heavy braids about her head. She had
fastened the braids securely with shell-pins
and raffia in preparation for the diving. A
snug-fitting sleeveless tunic of woven raffia
encased her slender body from the armpits
to the knees, giving her absolute freedom of
movement, a very necessary thing in
twenty fathoms of water.

  When the sun rose warm and dripping
from the eastern sea, she cast aside her
covering blanket. The warm wind raced
through the loosely woven tunic and drove
the blood dancing through her veins. Her
cheeks were aflush with excitement for her
new undertaking.

  Although it was no uncommon thing for
women of her race to engage in pearl-div-
ing, Maina lo had never descended more
than a few fathoms among the shallows of
the coral reefs, while her father worked
the great depths between the barrier reef
and the mainland.

  Aoku had playfully taught his young
daughter the tricks of the trade, never
dreaming that some day he should become
dependent upon her for food and shelter.
There had been in his mind visions of their^
triumphant return to their native Mar-
quesas with much gold, for the pearl-beds
of the great barrier reef were rich in the
early days of the industry, but years had
passed from plenty to scanty, from scanty
to poverty, his body becoming more use-
less and withered from month to month.

  Maina lo grew into young womanhood
among the fleet, capable and earnest, al-
ways learning, always inquiring, the ablest
and most skilful sailor on the lagoon. The
pilot at Duralong never ceased to relate
how he watched her from the lighthouse
drive the Moonbeam across the bar in a
black northeaster at low tide with a double-
reefed mains’l.	>

  With decks awash and the mainboom
dragging in the trough 0/ the seas, Maina
lo rounded Point Miguel and nosed her
way, close-hauled, along the barrier reef,
lo'oking for a safe passage. The wind
threw the boat on her beam-ends under the
heavy sail-pressure and she was forced to
furl the tops’l and outer jib.

  So busy was she, dodging submerged
reefs and taking in her high canvas, that
she did not notice a bank of dark clouds
rising with incredible swiftness out of the

northern sea. The first intimation she had
of the approaching hurricane was, when
looking across the straits, she saw an in-
coming bark furl her canvas down to lower
tops’ls and square away to sea.

  Through her glasses she made out the
bark to be the PappUlon, the French
prison-ship that for the past two years en-
gaged in transferring prisoners from the
penal colony of New Caledonia to Cayenne.

ANXIOUSLY watching the oncoming
cloud-bank, she ran the boat into the
wind, double-reefed the mains’l and set the
storm-jib. There was but one thing to do;
follow the PappUlon out to sea. To look
for shelter along the reef was worse than
useless. Swift as she worked, she had hard-
ly tied the last knot in the reef when the
hurricane burst upon her.

  So sudden and furious was the onslaught
that the boat was thrown on her beam-
ends with the storm-jib pounding in the
teeth of the gale, threatening momentarily
to dismast her. Maina lo leaped for the
tiller and threw all her weight against it,
but with her deck buried amidships in
storm-whipped water, the Moonbeam lost
all steerageway and pounded head on into
the seas. One after another the reef-lashed
waves raked the frail craft from stem to
stern. With her knees braced against the
lee bulwarks, in water to the waist, Maina
lo hung on to the tiller in grim desperation,
expecting momentarily to be dashed to
pieces upon a reef.

  Then gradually the Moonbeam paid off,
righted herself and tore out to sea before
the hurricane in the two-mile wake of the
PappUlon.

  To prevent getting carried overboard,
she tied the main halyards around her
waist and made the end fast to a ring-bolt
in the deck. In less than half an hour she
was out of sight of land, racing before the
eighty-mile gale with the jib-sheet taut as
a violin string and the hurricane howling
in the rigging. Through the flying mist
ahead she saw the PappUlon’s lower tops’ls
blow out in a shower of shreds, leaving the
bark running before the wind with bare
poles.

  The last of the young sun hung lurid and
ghostly behind the black clouds astern.
Sky and water seemed to unite in a frenzy
of storm-lashed fury. A lone albatross
swept down the gale before her and was
SOME PEARLS AND A SWINE

swallowed up in the blackness ahead. She
was utterly alone in the turbulent expanse
of storm-whipped waters, hanging on the
tiller with numb, nerveless hands.

  Then, the deluge. The heavens seemed
to open their flood-gates. Howling, snarl-
ing, raging came the icy, spume-laden
downpour, whipping the surface of the
waters into a veritable caldron of leaping
fury. It beat upon her bare arms and legs
with the sting of a lash and drove the
breath out of her body.

  The frail craft shuddered beneath the
weight of it and wallowed for minutes at
the time, submerged to the bulwarks, only
to rise gallantly again, shake herself and
leap forward on the crest of the next wave.

  Never for a moment did Maina lo’s
heart fail her. With numb, frozen hands
she grasped the tiller in a grip of steel;
guiding the Moonbeam through the chaos
of wind and water. Even momentarily she
did not relax her vigilance. She looked
upon the white, merciless death about her
and smiled. The fear of death was not in
her. With blinded eyes she strove to pierce
the gloom ahead. So low hung the clouds
that it seemed as if by reaching out her
hand she might touch them.

  Sun nor stars broke the inky pall, and
the sea beneath was like a caldron of mad-
ly boiling milk, a great expanse of blind-
ing whiteness. The hiss of the rain was
drowned in the thundering noise of the
waters pouring over the boat.

  How long it lasted she could not have
told. When the squall passed on, she saw
the PappUlon, a scant quarter of a mile
ahead. Her rigging and white, slender
spars stood drawn against the blackness of
the sky like a delicate, silver-threaded pat-
tern upon a curtain of black velvet. She
was laboring heavily without a stitch of
canvas. A storm-torn signal of distress
fluttered from the mizzen gaff.

  With the cessation of the rain, the waves
began to rise. The sea changed in aspect.
Great mountains of water lifted the Moon-
beam toward the sky and flung her forward
with incredible speed. The little craft
plunged on, her head down green, phos-
phorescent valleys of abysmal depth,
climbed up the next wave bravely, only to
be tossed as by some giant hand into the
sky and go coasting madly again.

  With a deafening roar a great sea bore
down upon her. Maina lo set her teeth.

flung herself face down upon the deck and
took a fresh turn about her waist with the
halyards. For one breathless moment she
waited with the thunder of the oncoming
waters in her ears. The Moonbeam lay
momentarily passive like a hunted stag
awaiting the coup de grace.

  Then with a last brave attempt to meet
the onslaught, she staggered into the
thundering death. The tiller snapped in
Maina lo’s hand like a piece of match-
wood. With terrific force she was hurled
against the mast, the waist-rope almost
cutting her in twain by the force of the
onrushing waters.

  Bereft of the guiding hand, the Moon-
beam swung broadside to the seas. The
jib blew out with the noise of a blast. Top-
mast and jib-boom went crashing over the
side.

  Stunned and half-drowned, Maina lo
groped her way on hands and knees along
the engulfed deck to the companionway
and tore the hatchet from the rack. With
bleeding hands she chopped the tangled
rigging adrift to prevent the dragging top-
mast from pounding a hole in the side of
the boat.

  On examination she found the rudder
carried away. Only a broken splinter of
wood remained, swinging uselessly above
the water-line. Cutting one of the oars
from its lashings, she chopped a deep notch
in the stern, laid the oar in the notch and
lashed it securely to the top hinge of the
broken rudder. Then rising to her feet,
she threw her weight against the oar and
righted the boat.

  She was almost abreast of the Pappillon.
Fifty yards to starboard the great black
hull of the prison-ship towered monstrously
above her, her stern pointing toward the
sky. She was foundering by her head.
Foc’sle-head and forward deck lay en-
gulfed to the fore-hatch. Crowsnests and
rigging were crowded with human forms
awaiting the end. The fragments of two
splintered lifeboats dragged in the water
from the tackle at her davits.

  Against the railing of the poop-deck a
crowd of prisoners was lined up. Two
sailors with hammers and chisels were strik-
ing the shackles from the unfortunate men
across the iron hawser-bits. As fast as he
was freed, each man leaped for the rig-
ging.

  The bark was drifting helplessly before
CARL CLAUSEN

the gale. With her forward hold half-full
of water she staggered drunkenly to her
grave. Curious, incredulous faces stared
down at the frail craft with the lone half-
nude figure of a girl standing upright in the
stern, guiding the boat with only an oar.
A sailor in the mizzen truck waved his
sou’wester to her.

  Above the tumult of the wind came
faintly the sound of voices. They were
cheering her. From the rigging and yard-'
arms flashed a message of tribute from a
hundred doomed men. Then suddenly the
great bark plunged head down in the waves
up to the mainmast. Her stern rose in the
air with the dripping rudder pointing to
the sky. One by one the men in the rig-
ging dropped into the sea. The two sailors
abandoned their hammers and chisels and
leaped from the railing of the poop.

   In the stern stood the solitary figure of
a man silhoutted against the sky, with
manacled hands raised above his head, the
last of the prisoners whom the sailors had
abandoned in their efforts to save them-
selves. A giant of a man he was, with a
great shock of yellow curls dancing in the
gale. He was signaling to her, pointing
astern with his manacled hands.

   Maina lo measured the distance with her
eyes, cast all her weight upon the oar and
swung the Moonbeam under the stem
quarter of the bark. Tying a bowline in
the main halyards, she threw the rope over-
board and signaled her readiness. With a
terrific swing the man brought down his
manacled wrists across the hawser-bit,
breaking the shackle-chain. Then he
leaped.

   Straining at her oar, Maiija lo saw his
head rise in the wake of the sinking bark,
a few feet astern. The Moonbeam stag-
gered momentarily as the man caught the
dragging rope and rose half-way out of
the water with the sudden strain. The
next moment two bloody, mangled arms
with the broken shackle-chains dangling
from the torn flesh were thrust over the
railing. Grasping the man beneath the
armpits, Maina lo dragged him to safety
and sprang back to her oar, just as the
last of the PappUlon disappeared beneath
the waves.

NIGHT came with the hurricane spent
and a chill moon rising out of the
sea. Weary and worn, Maina lo left her

 oar and knelt* beside the prostrate form
 upon the deck. By neither sound nor
 movement did the man betray sign of life.
 One mangled wrist lay across a forehead
 white as death. The broken shackle-chain
 swung tangled in his hair with the move-
 ments of the boat. She looked at the man
 helplessly. To all appearances he was
 dead. She had risked her life and boat to
 no purpose.

   When she accidentally touched his fore-
 head with the tips of her fingers, she
 thought she saw a faint flutter of the eye-
 lids. She placed her ear against his breast
 and listened breathlessly. Barely percep-
 tible yet unmistakably came the soft beat-
 ing of his heart. Life was not quite ex-
 tinct.

   For several minutes she sat looking at
 him perplexedly. Across the moon-flooded
 waste long, swift lines of ponderously cat-
 footed rollers moved from horizon to hori-
 zon, breaking in menacing white-capped
 thunder about the boat. Phalanx after
 phalanx of storm-torn clouds charged the
 young ascending moon.

   The storm still raged in the higher levels,
 though but the merest breath of wind
 fanned her cheek as the boat coasted down
 the rollers. A blue layer of chill, shroudy
 mist hung low over the sea with an in-
 terminable stretch of clear, sparkling space
 above. A sinister, brooding peace of fury-
 gorged elements enwrapped the universe.

   Against the deck the face of the uncon-
 scious man glowed ghastly beneath his
 matted, brine-soaked locks that moved
 Medusa-like in the wash of the deck with
 the pitching of the boat. A strange freak
 of circumstances had placed in Maina lo’s
 hands the fate of one of the hated race.
 Only in the fact that he was a convict and
 therefore in the estimation of his own
 people -no better than she, did Maina lo
 -find in her heart a sense of pity for him.

  Like herself, he was very young. A
downy golden beard covered his vigorous,
aggressive jaw. His nose was straight, fine-
ly molded, with sensitive blue-veined nos-
trils. There was & bold, careless quality
in the repose of his face. Where his shirt
lay open, the skin of his throat glowed soft
and velvety beneath its coat of sun-bitten
tan. A pathetic boyish look, reminiscent
of a brutally disillusioned childhood, hung
about the corners of his mouth.

   Taking his head in her lap, she began
SOME PEARLS AND A SWINE

to rub his face and chest briskly and rolled
him back and forth to induce circulation
in his frozen arteries. After several min-
utes of unceasing labor she was rewarded
by feeling the play of his reviving muscles
under her touch. When she placed the
water-soaked blanket under his head, he
opened his eyes for a fraction of a minute
and gazed up at her unseeingly.

  Letting her hand fall upon his shoulder,
she leaned over him breathlessly, searching
his eyes by the faint light of the moon.
Deep blue, the color of mother of pearl,
they gazed beyond her into nothingness.
When he had closed them again, she sat
lost in thought, studying the blank repose
of his face.

  Then, rising to her feet, with a look of
determination upon her face, she found the
hatchet and knocked the cover off the
hatchway. Below decks everything was
snug and tight. Groping about in the dark
she found matches and lighted the lantern
which swung from the beam above the
bunk. She extended her stiff, frozen hands
over the flame and looked about with a
sigh of relief. Not a drop of water had
the staunch little craft shipped.

  Returning on deck, she dragged the un-
conscious man below, dropped him in the
bunk and began to strip him of his wet
garments. When she pulled his coarse
prison-shirt over his head, she gave a gasp
of horror. From the neck to the waist his
back was a mass of horrible, bloody bruises.

  She knew too well the mark of a cat-o’-
nine-tails to be mistaken. Cords of beaten
flesh lay in livid lines from armpit to arm-
pit. He had been brutally whipped. With
a sob of mingled rage and compassion she
worked away feverishly and flung the last
of his water-soaked garments on deck.
Tender-handed and pitying, she anointed
his body with healing oil from her locker
and bound up his mangled hands with
strips torn from the blankets.

  She forgot race-hatred and prejudice in
administering aid and comfort to the help-
less, white-skinned stranger who had come
to her out of the sea, bruised and bleeding.
She rolled herself into the blankets against
his icy body that the warmth of her youth
might kindle into flame the flickering spark
of life. With maiden shyness she drew his
face to her breast and closed her eyes. An
indescribable feeling of peace and content-
ment came to her. She slept.

WHEN she awoke, she was alone. The
cabin was flooded with warm noon-
tide sunshine. The boat swung lazily upon
a calm, sunlit sea. She heard him move
about on deck. Wondering, she sat up
and looked about. Before leaving, he had
tucked the blankets around her.

  She crawled on deck and found him
curled up, prison-garbed, on the mainsail
with his back against the mast. She dared
not lift her eyes for fear of encountering
his. He held out his hand and took hers
between his two bandaged ones and raised
it to his lips, drinking in the beauty of her
with his clear, boyish eyes.

  Gently withdrawing the hand, she knelt
beside him and pressed the spot his lips
had touched shyly to her breast. No word
passed from her lips. He also was silent,
but in his eyes she saw enshrined some-
thing which she dared not believe t-cue.

  The youth of him, for he was but an
overgrown, bearded boy, spoke to her own
in youth’s breathless language, tremulous
with awe and exquisite delight at their mu-
tual discovery. Fiercely her spirit assailed
the barrier of blood and found his amid
the wreckage.

  It was no mere mortal love which shone
from the splendor of her face. The fire in
her eyes was love’s refining flame, the
beacon that has guided frail humanity
through the ages in its wingless pursuit of
happiness.

  The sea moved inevitably from horizon
to horizon. Near by a flock of albatrosses
fought over a drifting morsel of food. She
remembered then that she had not eaten
since the morning before.

  When she placed food and drink from
her locker before him he followed her with
his eyes, eating ravenously the while.
Knowing the scanty supply, she ate and
drank sparingly herself, heaping his lap
with fruit and sun-cured fish. When he
had eaten his fill, he drew the sail about
him with a grateful smile and closed his
eyes.

  While he slept, she tiptoed about, repair-
ing the damage done by the storm. Every
little while she paused in her task to watch
him in silent exultation. Bending low over
him, she touched his cheeks shyly with her
lips and ran her finger-tips lightly through
the gold of his hair.

  In the afternoon a strange sail appeared,
bearing down upon them with a strong

ROMANCE

I=Uf II-
17°

CARL CLAUSEN

breeze from the east. With a sudden fear
in her heart, Maina lo recognized the
L’Aiglon, the swift brigantine of Perrot,
the trader.

   Arousing the fugitive, she pointed to the
ship.

  “It is Perrot, the French trader,” she
whispered. “Go below and hide. Even
now he may have seen you through his

glasses.”

  The boy’s face turned white beneath his
tan.

  “He shall not take me alive. Sooner
death than the living hell of Cayenne.”

   The girl took his face between her hands.

  “Fear not, temasere,” she said softly.
“He shall not take you at all, dead or liv-
ing. But you must hide swiftly.”

   Hastily rigging a jury jib-boom with the
second oar, she hoisted the remaining jib
and the mainsail and bore away to the
south. Storm-beaten and damaged though
she was, the little Moonbeam staggered
bravely on. With anxious eyes Maina lo
watched the brigantine grow larger and
larger. Through his glasses Perrot, the
trader, had recognized her and was driv- N
ing the L’Aiglon off her course in an effort
to overhaul the Moonbeam. Maina lo set
her teeth and prayed for night.

  At dark the brigantine was a league
astern, gaining rapidly. Through the
gloom of the tropic night her red and green
beam-lights followed the wake of the
Moonbeam like the two evil eyes of a
demon. Crouching at her oar, the girl re-
sorted to every known trick of seacraft in
futile efforts to outmaneuver the French-
man. A stone’s throw to starboard, the
great white hull of the brigantine rose out
of the phosphorescent sea, a ghostly
avenger, following every movement of the
Moonbeam.

  With a sob of rage and despair Maina
lo saw her mainsail flap idly in the breeze
that began to die with the approach of
dawn. At daylight the Moonbeam and the
L’Aiglon lay a cable-length apart upon the
calm, rose-tinged lap of the sea. From the
forward davits of the brigantine a boat
was being launched.

1 /ELL?”

 W 3V

          Maina lo drew from her bosom
the leather sack containing the twelve seed-
pearls and threw them upon the cabin
table. She glanced through the open port-

hole at the Moonbeam towing in the Slug-
gish wake of the L’Aiglon and bit her lip.
Perrot, the trader, laughed loudly. It was
a cold, sinister laugh that seemed to ema-
nate from his flaring hair-studded nostrils.

  “A piker’s bet, mademoiselle,” he
snarled. “Twelve seed-pearls, value thirty
francs, for your pasty-faced lover. Sacre-
bleu, enjant, the Government of France
will pay me one thousand francs for him,
dead or alive.”

  The girl choked back a sob.

  “It is all I have,” she murmured faintly.
“M’sieu will have mercy. I will sign a
contract. Half my earnings for one—nay
two years to come shall be yours. I have
found a new bed where the shell i3 heavy
and pink-edged, and there are pearls of
fine luster."

  Perrot leaned back in his chair and
leered lewdly upon her. His bleary pig-
eyes lingered with bestial contemplation
upon her slender, lightly garbed form.

  “The thirteenth pearl mademoiselle,’’ he
said, smacking his damp lips with an in-
sinuating leer, “the finest in the world, and
I trade. Take it or leave it. A house in
Suva, fine silks and nothing to do till to-
morrow, as the Yankees say.”

  “M’sieu is jesting,” she whispered. “1
am still a maid, and poor. There are
others more beautiful than I. Have
mercy!”

  He rose from his chair and took a step
toward her. With a look of inexorable
loathing, Maina lo drew away and turned
her back upon him. A hundred feet astern
swung the Moonbeam at the end of the
L’Aiglon’s hawser. Perrot’s eyes followed
hers through the porthole. Upon the deck
two sailors sat Turk-fashion, guarding the
hatchway, smoking their pipes. The girl
was hardly aware of the trader’s presence.
She stood looking out to sea with her arms
folded upon her breast.

  A rose-tipped ridge of fleecy clouds
framed the young dawn. Her face grew
radiant. Carved indelibly upon her soul
stood the runes of love’s sacrificial mes-
sage. Her sacrifice would atone for the
mere carnal sin! Fragrant and virginal
his white rose should ever rest upon her
heart.

  “Eh bien, mademoiselle, time is precious.
I am waiting,” Perrot growled.

  “I accept,” the girl answered in a barely
audible voice.

ROMANC

I
SOME PEARLS AND A SWINE

171

  “Ah!”

  The trader drew a breath of surprize and
gratification and placed his hand upon her
arm. Her flesh cringed beneath the foul
moisture of his palm.

  ‘■One moment, m’sieu—the terms of
our contract. Food and water for thirty
days. A suit of clothing to replace his
prison-garb, a compass, a chart and medical
supplies. You are to repair the damage
done by the storm and send the ship’s
blacksmith to strike his fetters.”

  The trader waved his hand airily.

  “It shall be done—everything. In one
hour your convict shall be as free as the
wind.”

  He raised his swarthy, grinning face to
hers.

  “One kiss, mademoiselle—just one leedle
kiss to seal the bargain.”

  “M’sieu, have a care!” she panted, turn-
ing upon him with the fury of outraged
chastity.

  Perrot shrank back, a cunning look in
his bloodshot eyes.

  “Tres bien, ma cherie, business before
pleasure,-eh, what?”

  Taking a bunch of keys from his pocket,
he mounted the stairs and locked the com-
panionway door from the outside. She
heard him descend the poop-ladder and
order the crew to haul the Moonbeam under
the stern quarters.

  Through the porthole she watched the
ship’s carpenter fit a new jib-boom in place
of tlje broken one. The two sailors fell to
work upon the tangled rigging, while others -
lowered the supplies over the side. Perrot
himself descended the rope-ladder and
threw an old suit of clothes upon the deck.

  “Mademoiselle sends her- best regards,”
he said maliciously.

  The boy steadied himself against the
mast and looked at the bundle blankly.

  “Monsieur had better go below and
change,” Perrot continued. “The authori-
ties of Tahiti might ask embarrassing ques-
tions of one landing there in the garb of a
thief.”

  “The authorities at Tahiti?” the boy
repeated weakly. “You mean-”

  “That you are free,” the trader inter-
posed.

  “Free?” the boy ejaculated. “I don’t
understand.”

  The trader shrugged his shoulders.

  “Monsieur’s obtuseness is alarming,” he

sneered. “I said free. A price has been
paid. Mademoiselle begs me to wish you
a bon voyage.”

THE two men measured each other
across the open hatchway. The blue
eyes of the convict grew hard with the
glint of steel. His hands moved con-
vulsively at his side. He was about to
leap at Perrot’s throat, when a sound
above his head caused him to look up.

  Maina lo, with her finger upon her lips
cautioned him from the open porthole un-
observed by the trader or the sailors. Turn-
ing his back upon Perrot, the boy picked
up the bundle of clothes and threw it down
the hatchway.

  While the blacksmith worked at his
shackles, the boy kept his eye on the port-
hole. Presently a brown hand grasping a
slender, fine-toothed_saw was thrust cau-
tiously through the opening. Fascinated,
he watched the saw move back and forth
across the rudder-stock, six inches above
the top pintle. While the blacksmith per-
spired over the shackles, oblivious to every-
thing save his task, the saw ate its way into
the oaken rudder-stock, slowly, relentlessly.
Minute flour-like particles of sawdust
floated over the heads of the two men on
the rising breeze and were lost in the swirl-
ing wake of the L’Aiglon.

  Perrot and the sailors had clambered
aboard the brigantine, their task finished.
Only the blacksmith remained. The boy
prayed for time. In a dozen ingenious
ways he delayed the work of the man.

  Slowly the gleaming saw-blade sank into
the wood. Outwardly calm, he watched
its progress with his heart pounding madly
against his ribs. Only an inch of the wood
now remained. His task completed, the
blacksmith rose, tossed the sundered
shackles into the sea, picked up his tools
and clambered aboard the L’Aiglon.

  “Son of a thief, let go the hawser,” Per-
rot bawled from the waist of the ship. As
the boy bent over the forward hawser-bit
to cast off, a sudden lurch of the brigantine
swung Jhe Moonbeam close under the stern,
less than four feet from the porthole. He
could almost have touched the girl’s face,
so close was he. The saw was withdrawn.
Only the fraction of an inch of the wood
remained.

  “Set the mainsail and stand by to wind-
ward,” she whispered, as his head swept
1/1

THE FRESHET

past and the released Moonbeam drifted
astern. He heard the faint snap of the
parting rudder-stock as he leaped to the
halyards and ran up the mainsail and jib,
and hove to.

  Crouched under the belly of the sail,
every nerve alert, he saw a brown figure
drop from the porthole of the L’Aiglon and
come plowing hand over hand through the
water toward him. The next moment
Maina lo, dripping with brine, swung her-
self on deck. From the helpless brigantine

came cries of rage. The helmsman spun
the useless wheel in his hands. Slowly the
disabled craft swung into the wind, sails
aback. On the bridge, beside himself with
rage, stood Perrot, the trader. The girl
waved her hand to him.

  “Bon voyage, m’sieu,” she sang out.
‘•'Twelve seed-pearls you will find in the
sack upon the cabin table. The thir-
teenth—” she turned her wet, radiant face
to the boy’s—“the thirteenth, m’sicu, is my
wedding dower. Au revoir!”

    The Freshet

THE river is a green snake
Sleeping among snowy hills,

Stirring on warm days, lifting his head,

Falling asleep again between white hills—

But let him hear the earth-music
Of rain walking over plowed fields,

Of falls talking in the beech forest,

Of snow slipping down the white hills,

The weeping hills—

Let him taste ditch-water again,

Drink it, wallow in it,

And he will cast his skin,

Lashing from bank to bank all night.

At daybreak

His jaws will be full of brushwood,

Full of great logs, grinding and crunching,

Dripping with brown slavver.

He will throw his mad length about helpless bridges,
He will bend down the cottonwoods
And strip them naked,

Lashing from bank to bank
While the hills weep, the white hills.

The rain is walking over plowed fields,

Running to meet him.

The hoarse falls shout to him,

Wild to join him, fettered among the beeches,

Great voices pealing from the white hills,

From the weeping hills
Earth-music.

                           Bernard Raymund
Mitch Miller’

      BY EDGAR LEE MASTERS
             A Serial
             Conclusion

CHAPTER XXVI

THERE was days in here that I kind
of forget. I remembered Mr. Miller
gave Mitch a watch which he had
always promised him, and it looked
good, but didn't run very well. So he was
goin’ to old Abe Zemple which was a me-
chanic to fix it. But it seemed to run worse,
if anything. One thing that happened there
was this: Old Zemple had a clock all apart,
the wheels and springs scattered all over
the bench. Mitch saw this and for fun he
put a extra wheel on the bench with the
rest. So when Old Zemple was puttin’ the
clock together again he couldn’t find no
place for this wheel, and finally he just left
it out, and of course the clock run, havin’
all the wheels back in it that really be-
longed to it. He went around town brag-
gin’ about puttin’ a clock together with
one wheel left out, and it was just as good
as if it had all the wheels, and that showed
that the factory didn’t know about clocks.

  But it happened that in fixin’ Mitch’s
watch, old Zemple had left out a little pin,
just a little pin that you could hardly see,
and Old Zemple found it out and put the

pin in, and then the watch run. Old
Zemple told Mr. Miller about leavin’ the
wheel out of the clock, and Mr. Miller
said, “How do you explain it, Abe? You
leave a big wheel out of a clock and it
runs; and you leave a little pin out of a
watch and it won’t run? Somethin’s
wrong. Look into it, Abe. For I’ve
noticed about people that when they try
to get somethin’ extra into their lives, and
fuss around like you did with this wheel
tryin’ to find a place for it, that they don’t
need it, and do all right without it; and on
the other hand, other people lose some-
thin’ so little it don’t seem to count, and
yet they can’t get along without it. But
also sometimes a man thinks lie’s improved
on creation by leavin’ somethin’ out of his
life, or gettin’ rid of somethin’ in society
and it turns out that it didn’t belong there,
just like this wheel. We get fooled a good
deal; for you know, my boy put that extra
wheel on your bench.” And then Old
Zemple said, gettin’ mad—“Some boys
have lost pins or never had any. Their
fathers don’t raise ’em up right.” And Mr.
Miller said: “This town is just full of
wheels that have nothin’ to do with the

•Copyright, 1020, by Edgar Lee Masters in the United States and Great Britavn. AU rights reserved. 173
174

EDGAR LEE MASTERS

clock. They either belong somewhere else,
or they are left overs of other times—like
Henry Bannerman.” referring to the man
that spent all day every day walkin’ up and
down on the stone floor back of the pillars
of the court house.

  I want to come back to Mitch’s watch.
But first I remember it was about now that
a troupe came to town playin’ Rip Van
Winkle, and Mr. Miller and my pa took
Mitch and me to see it. And as we came
back home, pa said to Mr. Miller: “Henry
Bannerman is a kind of Rip Van Winkle—
a extra wheel—he’s been asleep ten years,
anyway.” So Mitch and me began to beg
for the story about Henry Bannerman,
which was that he drank until he had a
fever and when he came out of the fever, he
was blurred like and not keen like when he
could recite Shakespeare and practice law
fine. So pa said that onct when Henry first
began to practice law again after cornin’
out of the fever, he had a little office in
the court house and Alcibiades Watkins
came in to see him about a boundary fence,
and sat down and told Henry about it,
takin’ about an hour. When Alcibiades
finished, Henry says: “Tell it to me over;
it’s a long story and important and I want
to get it right.” So Alcibiades told it over.
And then Henry says, “You came to con-
sult me, did you?” Alcibiades said yes.
“Well,” says Henry, “I’ll have to charge
you—I’ll have to charge you two dollars
for the advice.” And so Alcibiades took
out two dollars and handed it to Henry
and waited for the advice. And Henry
said: “Well, Alcibiades, I have listened
to you for two hours about this boundary,
and the boundary fence, and I don’t know
a thing about it, and my advice to you is
to go and see Mr. Kirby who can under-
stand it and is a good lawyer.” So Alci-
biades said, “Well, I know, but I came to
you for advice.” “Yes,” said Henry, “I
know you did, and I have giv it to you—
go and see Mr. Kirby—he’s a good lawyer
and will tell you what more to do and how
to do it. You see I’m not a barrister—
I’m just a solicitor.”

  So Mr. Miller and my pa talked, which
was as much fun almost as the show. They
seemed to know everything and to kind of
stand back of Mitch and me, next to God,
or somethin’ strong that could keep any
harm away.

  But to come back to Mitch’s watch.

George Heigold had a piece of lead with
printing letters on one side, in copper.
They called it a stereotype, and it would
print. And he wanted to trade Mitch for
the watch, so he offered his stereotype; and
as Mitch was crazy about printin’ and
books, Mitch traded and was glad of the
chance. But when Mr. Miller found it out,
he said: “What did you do that for?
That lead stereotype ain’t worth nothin’—
and here you have traded off your watch
which I gave you. You know, I think you
are goin’ to be a author—for authors give
their time and everything they have to
print things—and this looks like the key
to your life, and a sign of what your life
is goin’ to be. So I think I’ll begin with
you and put you in the office of the Ob-
server to learn the printer’s trade like
Franklin.”

  Of course this stereotype would print;
and Mitch printed with it a good deal, but
as it always printed the same thing, the
fun soon died down and Mitch really
wished he had his watch back.

  So that’s how Mitch began to set type
and help run a newspaper. The editor was
Cassius Wilkinson, and a good deal of the
time he was in Springfield, and the rest he
was talkin’ politics or gettin’ drunk. So
that the paper just run itself. The foreman
was Dutchie Bale, who used to go to the
farm papers or the Chicago papers and just
cut great pieces out of ’em and set ’em in
type for the paper; and as the editor didn’t
care and Dutchie didn’t care what went
into the paper, Mitch had a chance to write
for the paper himself; and also Mr. Miller
slipped in some wonderful things and
people began to say that the paper was
lookin’ up. While Mr. Wilkinson, the
editor, smiled and took the compliments
give him just like he deserved ’em. And
onct Mitch printed one of his poems about
Salem, where one of the verses was:

      Down by the mill where Lincoln lived,
      Where the waters whirl and swish,

      I love to sit when school is out,
      Catchin' a nice cat fish.

  I don’t believe Mitch worked in the
newspaper more’n a week or ten days, but
lots happened; and I went down to see him
a good deal to hear Dutchie Bale talk and
swear. He swore awful especially on press
day, for the press nearly always broke

ROMANCE
MITCH MILLER

'75

down just as they started to print. Then
Dutchie would turn loose:

  “Look at the old corn-sheller, look at the
old cider mill, look at the junk, (all the
time puttin’ in the awfulest profanity).
Here he’s over at Springlied, and me run-
nin’ the paper and tryin’ to print a paper
on a grindstone like this. I’m goin’ to
quit—i’ve had enough of this (more terri-
ble profanity).”

  Mitch would be standin’ there half-
scared and half laughin’, ancF another
printer named Sandy Bill would be sayin’:
“Why don’t you tighten that bolt,
Dutchie?” Then Dutchie would crawl
under the press and start to do what Sandy
said, but findin’ that the bolt was all right,
he’d crawl out again and maybe see Sandy
kind of laughin’. So thinkin’ Sandy was
foolin’ him, they’d begin to quarrel, and
maybe, it would end with Dutchie throwin’
a monkey wrench at Sandy and rushin’ out
of the room. He’d come back later, for
you couldn’t really drive him off the place;
and maybe after a hour or two the paper
would be printed.

  Well, Mr. Miller had wrote a long poem
about the Indians, and he began to print
it, and then somethin’ happened. A man
named Pemberton, which they called the
Jack of Clubs, and a man named Hockey,
which they called “Whistlin’ Dick” had an
awful fight by the corner store, and Mitch
wrote up the fight for the paper, the editor
bein’ in Springfield, and Dutchie not ear-
in’ what was printed. Mitch called ’em
human wind-mills and when the paper
came out, everybody in town began to
laugh and the papers sold like hot cakes.
Mr. Wilkinson was in Springfield and had
nothin’ to do with it, but Whistlin’ Dick
thought Mr. Wilkinson had written the
piece and put it in. So he kept goin’ to
the depot waitin’ for Mr. Wilkinson to get
off the train from Springfield. When he
did, which was in a day or two, he went
right up to Mr. Wilkinson and hit him, and
then proceeded to lick him until he had
enough and got up and ran, though he was
sayin’ all Ihe time that he didn’t write the
piece- and didn’t know nothin’ about it.
Then Mr. Wilkinson came to the office and
read the piece and Dutchie told him that
Mitch wrote it. And that ended Mitch as
an editor. He was afraid to go back to
the office anyway, in addition to bein’
fired.

CHAPTER XXVII

MITCH was now a changed boy and
everyone could see it. He didn’t
come around as much as he used to. At
first Mr. Miller set him to work to learn
the printer’s trade as I have told. That
kept him away from me; but after he lost
the job, still I didn’t see him like I used to.
I looked -him up a good deal, but he was
mostly quiet. He didn’t want to fish, or
to swim, or to go out to the farm—he just
read, Shakespeare and other books; lying
in the grass by his house. And he wouldn’t
come down to see me much, because he
said it made him think of Little Billie.
And Zueline had gone away with her
mother, they said to Springfield; and if
she’d been home, Mitch couldn’t have seen
her anyway. I was terribly lonesome with-
out Mitch and the days dragged, and I
kept hearin’ of him bein’ off with Charley
King and George Heigold and it worried
me.

  Harold Carman had been put in jail, and
then let out on bond, which held him to
testify in the Rainey case. And one day
Mitch came to me and says: “I’m really
caught in this law. I’ve been to see your
pa. I thought I’d told my story once and
that would do; but he says there’ll be a
new jury that never has heard about the
case or what I know; and I’ll have to tell
it all over again. And with Harold Car-
man to tell about their tryin’ to get him to
say he found a pistol, and my story, they
can convict Temple Scott. So I’m caught,
and if we had ever so much to do, and ever
so much treasure to find, or trips to take,
I’d have to put it aside for this here law
and testifyin’. And if they knew how I
hated it, they’d never ask me if I didn’t
like it and like makin’ a sensation and
actin’ the part of Tom Sawyer.”

   Pina'fore was played at last, and we all
went, but when my pa sang the Merry,
Merry Maiden and the Tar, Mitch got up
and left the hall, because as he said to me
afterward, it brought back that awful night
when Joe Rainey was killed. It must have
affected others that way too; that and the
death of Mrs. Rainey, who had a part in
the show. For they only played two nights,
instead of three, which they intended. Not
enough came to make it worth while.

  Then one night I went" up to see Mitch
and the house seemed quieter. The girls
EDGAR LEE MASTERS

 176

was playin’ as before, but not so wild.
Mr. Miller was reading to Mrs. Miller,
English history or something; but Mrs.
Miller looked kind of like she was tryin’
to pay attention. She didn’t act interested
and happy like she used to. Mitch told
me then that his pa had been let out of
the church; that while we was gone to
St. Louis the trustees met and decided that
they wanted a minister who would put a
lot of go into the church and get converts
and make things hum; that the mortgage
on the church had to be met and they
couldn’t meet it without gettin’ more people
interested in the church and church work.
That may have been all true; but just the
same everybody said that Mr. Miller was
let go because he preached that sermon
about God bein’ in everything, which he
didn’t mean except just as a person talks
to himself He was dreamin’ like Mitch
when he said it.

  So Mr. Miller was goin’ to Springfield
to see what he could do about gettin’ to sell
books or maps or atlases, and quit preachin’
till a church turned up, or preach a little
now and then, and marry folks when he
could and preach at funerals. I heard Mr.
Miller say to my pa that he was worried
about Mitch, that Mitch talked in his sleep
and ground his teeth, and talked about
engines and horses and findin’ pisols and
treasure, and ridin’ on steamboats, and
about Zueline and Tom Sawyer. And he
said he’d tried to get him to go out to
the farm with me and ride horses and get a
change, but he wouldn’t. He just read
Shakespeare until they hid the book and
then they found him readin’ Burns; and
once Ingersoll’s Lectures, which they also
took away, because Mr. Miller thought
Mitch was too young.

  About this time I was about a third
through readin’ the Bible to earn that five
dollars that grandma- had promised me.
And Mitch asked me what I thought, and
I said I didn’t understand it much; but in
parts it was as wonderful as any book. And
Mitch says, “Do you know what the Bible
is?” “No,” I says, “what is it?” “Why,”
he says, “The Bible is the Tom Sawyer of
grown folks. I know that now; so I don’t
have to go through the trouble of findin’
it out after I’m grown up and depended
upon it for a long while. There’s the sky
and the earth, and there are folks, and
we’re more or less real to each other, and

there’s something back Of it. But I be-
lieve when you die, you’re asleep—sound
asleep—I almost know it. And why we
should wake up a bit and then go to sleep
forever is more than my pa knows or any
person in the world knows.”

  Mitch scared me with his talk. He was
so earnest and solemn and seemed so sure.

  One night when I was up to Mr. Miller’s,
it came up somehow what we was goin’ to
do when we was grown up—Mitch and me
—and Mrs. Miller thought we should be
taught something to earn a livin’ by; and
that the schools instedW of teaching so
much, and teaching Latin and Greek, which
nobody used, should teach practical things.

  And Mr. Miller said, “Look out! That’s
cornin’ fast enough; it’s on us already. For
back of the schools are the factories and
places that always want workers, and
they’re already usin’ the schools to turn out
workers, boys who don’t know much, or
boys who know one thing. And it makes
no difference what happens to me—it’s
just as much or more to know how to enjoy
life and to enjoy it, as it is to be able to
earn a livin’. If you earn a livin’ and don’t
know how to enjoy life, you’re as bad off
as if you know how to enjoy life, but can’t
make a livin’ or not much of one. Look
here, you boys: Anything that gives you
pleasure, like Greek and Latin, stories, his-
tory, doin’ things, whatever they are, for
the sake of livin’, are worth while. And
you let yourselves go. And don’t be
moulded into a tool for somebody’s use,
and lose your own individuality.”

  And that’s the way he talked. And then
he said it was all right to dig for treasure
if we wanted to and to want to see the Mis-
sissippi River and see Tom Sawyer, and he
didn’t blame us a bit for anything we had
done. “Yes,” he says, “I’ll take you to
Springfield to-morrow; ask your pa, Skeet,
and come along.”

  I did; and the next morning we took the
train for Springfield; and here was a big
town not as big as St. Louis, but awful
big. The capital was bigger’n any building
in St. Louis, with a great dome and a flag.
And Mr. Miller took us out to see Lincoln’s
monument. Just when we got there, two
men in over-alls came running from the
back of the tomb and said a man—an old
soldier—had just killed himself with a
knife. So we ran around and found him
lyin’ in a lot of blood. The men came back
12

MITCH MILLER

177

and took a bottle of whisky out of his
pocket, and a writing which said that the
prohibition party had been defeated, and
if it hadn’t been he couldn’t have got
whisky; and so he killed himself because
the prohibition party had been defeated.
And Mitch says, “What a fool idea! If
he wanted the prohibition party defeated,
why did he drink and buy whisky; and if
he drank and carried whisky in his pocket,
why did he want the prohibition party to
win, and kill himself because it lost. He
was crazy, wasn’t he, pa?”

  And Mr. Miller said, “Not necessarily—
that’s sense as things go in the world.
Some people want whisky done away with
so they can’t get it their own selves, and
when they can’t get a law for that, it dis-
appoints ’em, and they keep on drinkin’
because they’re disappointed, or kill them-
selves because their disappointment is too
much. For you can depend upon it that
any man that gets his mind too much fixed
on any idea, is like a cross-eyed man killin’
a steer with a sledge hammer; he must hit
whar he’s lookin’. Lincoln had a way of
holdin’ to an idea without the idea drag-
gin’ him down and away from everything
else.”

  They had carried the dead man off so
we went into the tomb to see the curiosities.
And there was more things than you could
see: All kinds of flags and framed things,
pictures and writing and show cases with
pistols, and all sorts of trinkets, bullets,
and knives; and a pair of spectacles which
Lincoln had wore, and a piece of a rail he
had split, and books he’d read, and a piece
of ribbon with his blood on it the night
he died, and a theatre program and lots of
other things.

  Then we went out doors and looked up
at the monument, and it made me dizzy to
see the clouds sail over the top of it. And
there was a figure of Lincoln in iron, and
of soldiers in iron charging, and horses in
iron; besides mottoes cut in the stone and
in iron. Then we went around to the back
again where the old soldier had killed him-
self. Ttley had the blood wiped up now.
So we looked through the iron bars where
a stone coffin was, but Lincoln wasn’t in
there, Mr. Miller said. For once they had
tried to steal him, and got the lead coffin
out, and clear down the hill that we could
see; but they caught ’em. And after that
they dug way down and put Lincoln there,

and then poured mortar or concrete all over
him, clear up to the top; then laid the floor
again and put this marble coffin there,
which was a dummy and had nothin’ in it.
So now nobody could get Lincoln forever
and ever.

  And then we came around in front again,
and Mr. Miller looked up at the statue of
Lincoln and began to study it) and he says:
“I brought you boys to Springfield and out
here to learn and to get things into your
mind. You’ll remember this trip as long as
you live. It’s the first time you’ve evet
been here, and you’ll be here lots of times
again, maybe; but you’ll always remember
this time. Now, just look at Lincoln’s
face and his body and tell me how any-
body could see him and not see that he was
different from other men. Look how his
face comes out in the bronze and becomes
wonderful, and then think if you can how
a handsome face would look in bronze—
just the difference between a wonderful
cliff or mountain side, and a great, smooth,
perfect boulder. And yet, boys, that man
went right around here for twenty years,
yes and more, all around this town, all
around Petersburg, up at Old Salem, all
over the country, practicing law, walking
along the streets with people, talkin’ with
’em on the corners, sittin’ with ’em by the
cannon stove in the offices of the hotels,
sleepin’ in the same rooms with ’em as he
did up at Petersburg at the Menard House,
when the grand jury had the loft and they
put Lincoln up there too, because there
was no other place to put him.”

  “The Menard House,” says Mitch, “do
you mean that hotel there now?”

  “The very same,” said Mr. Miller,
“didn’t you know that?”

  “No,” says Mitch.

  “Well, that shows you; you’re like the
people who lived when Lincoln did, they
didn’t know him, some of them; and now
you don’t know the places he went to and
the country he lived in; and you’d never
have gone to Old Salem, if you hadn’l
gone there for treasure—would you,
Mitch?”

  Mitch said he didn’t knowj maybe not.

  “Well,” said Mr. Miller, “if you find
Lincoln while tryin’ to dig up a few rotten
dollars, it’s all right anyway. Now, boys,
look here, it seems an awful time to you
since Washington lived, since the Govern-
ment was founded—but it isn’t. We’re all

romance 'feB — - SjyBfflhean
178

EDGAR LEE MASTERS

here together, and when j'ou get to be old
men, you’ll see that you were bom and
lived in the beginning of the republic.
How will it look hereafter? Do you want
to know—take a history and look at it
now. Let’s see! Washington had just
been dead ten years when Lincol# was
born; Lincoln had been dead eleven years
when you were born. When Lincoln was
born, the Government had been founded
just 23 years, was just a little more than of
age. It wasn’t but just 80 years old when
Lincoln became president. Why these
figures are nothing. Think about it. When
did Juvenal live? About 42 A. D. When
did Virgil and Horace live, and Caesar and
Augustus and Domitrian? What does 40
years here or there mean when you’re
lookin’ back over hundreds of years or a
thousand? And so I say, you boys were
born in the beginning of the republic not
a hundred years after it was started, and
if either of you ever get your names into
the history, there it will be beside Lincoln
and not far from Washington—for you
were bom 10 years after Lincoln died and
and not a hundred after Washington.
Well, there you are. You’re young and the
republic is young, and the chance is before
you to do for the country and help out, for
we’re havin’ bad times now, and they’ll
be worse. After every war, times is bad,
and we’re goin’ to have other wars and
worse’n ever.”

  Then Mr. Miller said: “There’s two
kinds of men—at least two. One that
thinks and one that acts; or one that tells
people what to do, and others that listen
and do it, or else have thought it out first
themselves and do it. Well, look at Lin-
coln up there. Here lffe was over at Old
Salem running a store, surveyin’; then in
politics a little, then a lawyer; but mostly
for twenty years he was thinkin’ about the
state of the country, slavery and things;
and he thought it all out. Then they
elected him president, and he acted out
what he thought.

  “Well, don’t you suppose he could have
got rich practicing law or tradin’ in land?
He was a good lawyer—none better! Why
didn’t he get fees and save and buy land
during the twenty years h£ practiced law?
Because his mind was set on the country,
on how to make the country better, on
being a shepherd of the people. The man
who thinks of money all the time, thinks

of himself; and the man who thinks of the
country and wants to help it is thinking of
what can be done for people and how the
country can find treasure in having better
people, and better laws, and better life
and more of it. Yes, sir, boys, you’ll find
somewhere that Lincoln said his ambition
was to be well thought of by his fellow
citizens and to deserve to be'. And it never
occurred to him that he could do that by
gettin’ money.

   “Don’t you boys think I’m lecturin’ you
for huntin’ for treasure, or that I want
either of you to grow up and be as poor as
I am. I don’t. I want you to have sense
and provide for yourselves; Lincoln did
that; he really had plenty after he got
fairly started. But on the other hand, gold
as gold I hate, and I see it getting power
in this country. Why, it has it now. Look
at Lincoln’s face, what do you think ha’d
think of what’s happened since the war—
the robbery, ruin and conquest of the
south, the money grabbing and privilege
grabbing at the north, the money deals in
New York, the money scandals everywhere-
—the treasure hunting everywhere—and
not a big man left in the country; none of
the old, fine characters left who built their
lives on foundations of wisdom and service
and makin’ the country better—none of
these left to come forward and take the
country out of the hands of these vultures,
wolves, hyenas. And what are we going to
have. Is money goin’ to be the master in
this country, or is man goin’ to be? I hate
it—I hate it as Lincoln hated it when he
asked whether the dollar or the man should
be put first. And I hate it because it is
brainless, spiritless. It cares for nothing
but itself. It is a snake that swallows and
sleeps and wakes to eat again. It is a
despot; it is without love, genius, morality.
It is against people, against God, against
the country. It is as wicked as Nero, as
gluttonous as a cotmorant; and it makes
cowards, slaves, lick-spittles of some of the
best of men. In this country, intended to
be of free men, where men could grow and
come to the best that is in them, already we
find these laws and principles mocked—by
what? By gold, by riches; and we find
talented men and good men compelled to
step aside for rich men; and rich men held
higher than good and useful lawyers,
preachers or anything else. Well, there’s
Lincoln: and if never again in the history

ROMANCE
MITCH MILLER

of this country a rail-splitter, a boy who
worked up from nothing with his hands and
his mind, comes to rulership, still there’s
Lincoln, on whom no rich man could frown
and no big-bellied capitalist could patronize
or ignore or make step aside. Why, it’s
great—it makes me happy, it gives me
hope. And I can see for ages and ages the
face of Lincoln on books, on coins, on
monuments; until some day his face will be
the symbol of the United States of Amer-
ica, when the United States of America has
rotted into the manure piles of history with
Tyre and Babylon, as it will if it doesn’t
turn back and be what Lincoln was: a man
who worked and thought, and whose idea
was to have a free field, just laws, and a
democracy where to make a man and not
make a dollar is the first consideration.”
And then Mr. Miller said: “Yes, this is
a great monument and Lincoln was a great
man. You see when all the sap-heads and
poets down in New England and all over
was hollerin’ for nigger equality and to give
the nigger a vote and to marry him, and
give him the same right as anybody, Lin-
coln just kept cool; and he didn’t even
emancipate the nigger until he had to in
order to win the war. It was to win the
war, understand. He wasn’t swept off his
feet by anybody, orators or poets or yawp-
ers—nobody. But you’ll see when you
grow up what the difference is between not
havin’ the nigger for a slave and allowin’
him to vote and marry you; and you’ll see
that what Lincoln said when he went over
the country debatin’ with Dquglas, speakin’
at Havana, and right here in Springfield
and at Petersburg, too, he said to the last
and acted on to the last. It was after the
war and after Lincoln was dead that these
here snifflers and scalawags got into power
and pushed it over until they gave the
nigger the vote and all that. And if this
country goes to pieces because the good
breeds have been killed off and die off, and
the country is run by the riff-raff, then
Lincoln, say 500 years from now, will stand
greater than he is to-day, unless the world
can then see that the nigger should have
been kept a slave, so as to let the wise and
the intelligent have time to think better
and work better for the good of the coun- -
try. For boys, you can put it down that a
country ain’t good that is run on the prin-
ciple of countin’ noses, and lettin’ every-
body have a say just because he walks on

two legs and can talk instead of bark-
in’ or waggin’ his tail.” And so Mr. Miller
went on.

  Then Miller said damn or that something-
could be “dammed.” And Mitch says,
“Pa, did you know you swore?” And Mr.
Miller says: “I shouldn’t have, and don’t
you follow my example. But sometimes I
get so mad about>the country.”

  So we had seen the monument and
walked away; and when we got a long way
from it, we turned around and looked at it
for the last.

  Then Mr. Miller said he was glad he was
out of the church, that he had tried to do
certain things, but they wouldn’t let him,
and kept him in a groove. And now he was
going to sell atlases and geographies, and
be a free man, and maybe write a book.
And he said: “The idea seems to be that
goodness, spirituality, is church. It isn’t,
and it never was; it wasn’t when the Savior
came; He found goodness and spirituality
in a lot of things, in a free life, in the free-
dom of out-doors, and not in the syna-
gogues. Now boys, believe in the Bible,
in the Savior—I mean that; but don’t let
that belief make you into a membership
with those who live for denial, for obser-
vation of injunctions, for abstinence from
life, more or less, for solemnity, for re-
ligion as business, and business as religion,
and religion for husiness. This is not good-
ness—not spirituality. Lincoln was good
and spiritual—he believed in the mind and
he used it. Wisdom, beauty, play, adven-
ture, friendship, love, fights for the right,
and for your rights, travel, everything,
anything that keeps the mind going; and
kindness, generosity, hospitality, laughter,
trips down the Mississippi, making cities
beautiful and clean, having fun,—all these
things are spirituality and goodness. They
are religion—they are the religion of the
Savior. They will make America; and
they ought to be Americanism.”

  So Mr. Miller went on. I can’t remem-
ber half he said, but it was plain he was
worked up. Losin’ his church or some-
thing had set his thoughts free; and every-
thing considered, I think he wanted to give
us some ideas about things. And so after
lookin’ at Lincoln’s home, a frame house,
not very big, not fine, but a good house;
and lookin’ at the furniture and things he
had, we took the train back to Petersburg.
EDGAR LEE MASTERS

CHAPTER XXVIII

I COULD see plainer and plainer that I
was losin’ Mitch. There was some-
thing about having this business together
of huntin’ for treasure that kept us chums;
and now that was over and if we didn’t
get something else, where would we end
up? Mitch said that the trip to Spring-
field had cured him of being mad at his pa
for takin’ us to Hannibal to see Tom Saw-
yer the butcher. And he said: “Suppose
you was at Old Salem fishin’ and you had a
can of worms for bait, or thought you had,
and you was really out of worms, which
would be better, to set there and think you
had bait and go on believin’ that until you
began to catch fish and needed lots of bait
and found you hadn’t none, or to find out
you hadn’t none all of a sudden and then
go get some in time for the fishin’ that got
good? And so, wasn’t it better to find out
that Tom Sawyer didn’t live and find it out
suddenly than to go along being fooled
until something serious happened, and be
a fool to the end, and maybe lose some
good chance.” What I wanted to tell
Mitch was that our case was real, that we
had found treasure and would get it on
Christmas; but I had promised my pa I
wouldn’t tell, and I didn’t. I only said
to Mitch: “We’re just as sure to get treas-
ure as the sun shines.” And Mitch said:
“Maybe, but not real treasure, not money,
not jewels, or things like that.”

  As I said, I was surely losin’ Mitch, for
he was goin’ considerable now with Charley
King and George Heigold. I don’t know
what he found with them to like; only they
were older and as it turned out, he did
things wifh them that he and 1 never did.

I tried my best to hold on to him, but
couldn’t. Sometimes I’d think I wasn’t
losin’ him, that it was just fancy. Just the
same things wasn’t the same. The Miller
family wasn’t the same; there wasn’t as
much fun up there; and now Mr. Miller
was away a good deal selling atlases'; and,
sometimes when I was there of evenings
Mrs. Miller would be sittin’ alone, no one
reading to her, and the girls kind of walkin’
the rooms, and Mitch a good deal away of
evenings, not home like he always was
before;

  You see I had a pony all the time; but
pa loaned him here and there, and some-
times took him out to pasture across the

river to a farmer’s and that’s how it was I
didn’t ride him sometimes out to the farm.
But now he was in the barn, and as I
didn’t have Mitch, I rode about the country
by myself. And once went out to the farm
for a few hours, coinin’ back to town in a
gallop all the way, to see how quick I could
make it.

  Finally I thought I’d go out to the farm
on my pony and stay for a few days, and
go camping with my uncle over to Blue
Lake. I was goin’ the next day and was out
under the oak tree when Mitch came along.
He seemed stronger, bigger, more like
Charley King and George Heigold; there
was something about him kind of hard.
He seemed as if he’d fight easier; he was
quick to talk back, he seemed to be learnin’
about things I didn’t know. There was a
different look in his eyes. He was changed.
That’s all I know. Mitch sat down in the
grass, and began to make traps out of tim-
othy lo catch crickets. Somebody had
taught him that. His face began to change.
He began to look friendlier and like him-
self again, except he looked older and like
he knew more. And then he began to
talk:

  “Skeet,” he says, “I’m not Tom Sawyer,
and I never was; never any more than you
was Huckleberry Finn. I know who I am
now. Do you?”

  “No,” says I. “Who are you?”

  “Well, I’ll tell you, Skeet—I’m Hamlet.”
  “Hamlet—who was he?”

  “Well,” says Mitch, “he was a prince.”
  “Well, you ain’t,” says I.

  “No, I ain’t. But Hamlet could be just
like me and not be the preacher’s son; and
because he wasn’t wouldn’t make him dif-
ferent. Yes, sir, I’m Hamlet. I’ve read
the play and thought about it a lot. And
I know now who I am. And you, Skeet,
are Horatio.”

  “Who was he?” says I.

  “He was Hamlet’s friend, just as you
are my friend. And as far as that goes,
there was never any persons more alike in
this world than you and Horatio. You are
good and steady, and don’t change, and
you are a good friend, you have got sense,
and you have no troubles of your own, and
so you can listen to mine, as Horatio lis-
tened to Hamlet’s.”

  “What troubles have you?” says I.

. “Lots,” says Mitch, “that is general
troubles—of course Zueline and this here

I.	. 1 ROMANCE
MITCH M

court worries. I’ve got to testify again.
I’m tangled up just like Hamlet was, and
I want to get away like he did, and I can’t.
And it teaches me that it ain’t because I’m
a boy that I can’t get away, for Hamlet
was a man and he couldn’t. He was get-
ting old, most 30, and he couldn’t do any
more with his life than I can with mine—
not as much, maybe.”

  “And yet you say he was a prince.”

  “Yes, but what difference did that make?
Did you ever see a chip get caught in a
little shallow in the river in the reeds; and
then see it get out of the shallow by the
current changing or something, and then
see it start down the river all gay and free,
and run into some brush floating, or get
thrown against the logs to one side of the
dam and held there? Well, Hamlet was a
prince, and he was just a chip caught by
the dam and couldn’t budge and kept tryin’
to and couldn’t. This is what my pa says
the play means; but also I can see it for
myself. I keep readin’ it and it gets clearer.
And pa says it will never make any differ-
ence how old I get, the play will be won-
derfuler and wonder fuler, and is to him;
and that finally I’ll wonder how any man
could ever write such a thing.”

  “But didn’t Shakespeare—he wrote it,
didn’t he?—get it out of some history?”

  “Of course,” says Mitch, “and didn’t
Lincoln live, and right here in this town,
as you might say? But suppose somebody
could write up Lincoln and use the very
things that Lincoln did and said, not as we
hear ’em around here, wonderful as they
are; but write ’em up so that you’d know
what Lincoln really was and why and all
about it. For that matter, take Doc Lyon.
We know he was a lunatic, but why, and
what for, and just what it means to be a
lunatic, I don’t know and no one will know
until some Shakespeare writes him up. For
that matter, some folks think that Hamlet
was a lunatic.”

  “Well, you ain’t, Mitch,” says I.

  “No more than Hamlet was. He just
was troubled and his mind kept workin’
and that’s me. But what would you say
if I was the son of Joe Rainey and Mrs.
Rainey.”

  “How do you mean?” says I.

  “Well, suppose I was their son, and sup-
pose I knew that Mrs. Rainey, my mother,
wanted Joe Rainey, my father, dead, and
put it into Temple Scott’s mind to kill my

ROMA

I L L E R	181

father, Joe Rainey; and then Temple
Scott did kill him, and then Mrs. Rainey,
my mother, put a pistol down so as to
make it seem that my father, Joe Rainey,
had carried a pistol? Suppose I was their
son and was up in the tree and saw' what
I saw, what would I do?”

   “Then you’d have to testify,” said I.
“You don’t know what you’re sayin’,
Skeet. You don’t see that I love my father,
and he’s been murdered; and I love my
mother, and she has really murdered him.
And if I testify against my mother, I get
her hanged, and if I don’t testify against
her, then I wrong my father that I love;
my mother goes free, and sometimes I hate
her, because she is free, and my father has
been robbed of his life, and I do nothing
to punish her and Temple Scott for taking
his life away. That’s the worst of it; or
maybe it’s just as bad because I’m tangled
in law and can’t do what I want to do—
can’t be free to hunt treasure, we’ll say,
or do what I want to. Don’t you see what
a fix I’m in. Then suppose with findin’
out what my mother is, the whole world
changes for me—I get suspicious of my girl,
and won’t marry her and everything goes
bad and finally I get killed myself, after
killin’ Temple Scott who’s married my
mother, we’ll say, and in a way cause my
mother to die too.”

   “Well, of course all this can’t be,” says
I, “for you’re not the Raineys’ son;—
they’re both dead anyway, and Temple
Scott will probably be hanged, and no one
will kill you—you’ll grow up and get mar-
ried—not to Zueline-”

  “No,” says Mitch, “never to her. For I
ain’t suspicious of her—I’m just done with
her, just like Hamlet was done with
Ophelia. I know her as he knew Ophelia,
though she’s different from Ophelia. She’s
cold, Skeet, and never understood me. I
see that now. If she had, she’d never let
her mother keep her away from me.
Nothin’ can keep a girl away from you that
loves you. And I’ll tell you something
right now. Not long ago, I was walkin’
by her house on purpose and she came out
goin’ somewhere. I tried to talk to her,
and tell her that we could meet sometimes,
maybe down at Fillmore Springs, or take a
little walk at dusk or early evening; and
that I wouldn’t bother her much, only we’d
understand that by and by we’d get mar-
ried and be together forever, and I’d go
away happy if I could have that hope.
Well, she kind of turned on me and said
no, and hurried on. And, Skeet, when I
saw that, when I saw that it was her as
well as her ma that wanted me away, and
meant to keep away from me—something
kind of froze through me—or burned may-
be, and then froze—my heart got like a big
stone, and I could see it just as if it had
been scalt and then turned white and shiny
and kind of numb like my foot- I cut in
two. I began to laugh, and since then I
have been changed and I’ll never be the
same again. My ma said it was foolish,
that I was just a little boy and I’d grow
up and it would all be forgotten. But I
know better—I’m Hamlet—and I don’t
forget and I never will. Do you remember
one time when you and I was out to your
grandpa’s farm and Willie Wallace was
settin’ out trees?”

   I said yes.

  “Well,” says Mitch, “Willie Wallace
that time cut a gash in a tree with the
pruner while handlin’ it and settin’ it out.
And he says to us, ‘That tree will never
get over that. By and by it will be a big
scar, growin’ big as the tree grows big,
and grown over, maybe, but still a scar; or
worse, it may stay open more or less and
rain and frost will get in, and insects, and
after while it will be a great rotten place,
a hole for a snake or a rat, or maybe a
bird.’ Well, pa says that Linkern lost Anne
Rutledge and that he thinks Linkern’s beau-
tiful talk and wonderful words came from
losin’ Anne Rutledge. I don’t quite see
how—but if it did, then if a bird gets into
the hole in the tree, that’s a sign that you
say somethin’ or write somethin’ because
you’ve been gashed, just as pa says that
Shakespeare wrote his wonderfulest plays
and sonnets because he’d lost a woman.
And sometimes I think I’m goin’ to write
something. I keep hearin’ music all the
time, and I try to write words down, but
they don’t mean anything, they are silly;
so 1 tear ’em up.”

  So Mitch went on and he worried me.
And I says; “Mitch, I’m goin’ to say
something to you! Do you like me as
much as you used to?”

  “Every bit,” says he. “Why?”
“Because,” says I, “you don't always act
the same. And besides, you keep goin’
with Charley King and George Heigold—
and—and-” >

“And what?” says Mitch.

“And—I was afraid you liked ’em bet-
ter’n me.”

“Why,” says Mitch, “them two boys is
just grave diggers compared to you—or
Rosencrantz and Guilderstern—while you
are Horatio all the time.”

He explained to me what he meant by
this, which was that in Hamlet, Ha ml at
talked to grave diggers and to two men
named Rosencrantz and Guilderstern,
without givin’ a snap for ’em compared to
Horatio.

Then I said, “I’m goin’ out to the farm
to-morrow. School will begin in about
three weeks. I’m goin’ out on my pony,
and you can ride behind. And you’d bet-
ter come. We’ll have a lot of fun, and my
uncle is goin’ to take me campin’ to Blue
Lake.” So Mitch said he’d go and after a
bit he began to repeat something he’d
committed to memory like this;

O	what can ail thcc, knight at arms,

       Alone and palely loitering,

      The sedge is withered from the lake,

      And no birds sing.

0	what can ail thee, knight at arms,

So haggard and so woe-begone,

       The squirrels’ granary is full,

      And the harvest done.

      1	met a lady in the mead
      Full beautiful, a faery’s child.

      Her hair was long, her foot was light,

      And her eyes were wild.

      I saw pale kings and warriors too.

       Pale princes, death pale were they all.

      They said La Belle Dame Sans Merci
      Hath. thee in thrall.”

Mitch was goin’ on with this when we
heard some boys whistle. It was Charley
King and George Heigold. They called
Mitch to the fence and talked. Then
Mitch called back and said, “I’m goin’,
Skeet—come for me—what time?”

“I’ll be up about 7,” I said.

And Mitch climbed over the fence, and
went with these boys.

I went up to the fence and follered them
with my eyes till they turned the corner
by Harris’ barn and was gone.

CHAPTER XXIX

THE NEXT morning I was on my pony
and up to Mitch’s house at 7, and
whistled and whistled. By and by one of
M 1 TCH

the girls came out and said Mitch had staid
all night at Charley King’s and wasn’t
home yet. So I went over there; but he
and Charley was up and gone already. Mrs.
King came to the door, came out and stood
by the pony and petted him and said I had
pretty eyes, same as before. Then she said
Charley and Mitch had gone somewhere.
She didn’t know where. So I rode off and
rode around a bit and then I started for the
farm, thinkin’ that Mitch had treated me
mean—and why would he for Rosencrantz
or Guilderstern? whichever Charley King
was. I was sure Mitch would turn up and
the next day grandpa was goin’ to town
early to be home by three o’clock, and he
said he’d bring Mitch out if he could find
him.

  My uncle now was in a mood to go
camping to Blue Lake. So we got the tent
out and began to mend it where it needed
it, and fix the ropes. We took the guns
and cleaned ’em, and I helped my uncle
load a lot of shells. We set aside some pie
plates and cups and did a lot of tinkerin’
around. Grandma didn’t want us to go.
She was afraid we’d get drowned or shoot
ourselves, or that a storm would come up
and we’d get struck by lightning.

  In the afternoon old Washington Engle
came and lie and grandpa sat under the
maple trees and talked old times, even
about Indians, for they had been in the
Black Hawk war together, and they had
seen the country grow from buffalo grass
to blue grass and clover. I sat there lis-
tenin’ and pretty soon a buggy pulled up
and somebody called in a loud voice and
laughed. It was John Armstrong and Aunt
Caroline. They had drove over to visit
and John had brought his fiddle to play
some of the old things for grandma—some
of the things he had played year before
when Aunt Mary was sick and grandma
was takin’ care of her. Grandpa liked
gospel tunes, like “Swing Lo, Sweet
Chariot,” but grandma liked “Rocky Road
to Jordan” and “The Speckled Hen” and
John could play these and couldn’t play
religious tunes worth a cent. And John
told stories as before; and he told about a
man at Oakford who never had any money
and always wanted drinks. So he took a
jug and filled it half full of water and went
to Porky J im Thomas’ saloon and asked for
a half a gallon of alcohol, and Porky Jim
poured it in. Then this man said to Porky

MILLER	>8?

Jim, “Charge it, please,” and Porky Jim
says: “Why, you ain’t got a cent, and you
never pay anybody.” So he took up the
jug and poured out what he had poured in
and told the man to take the jug and go.
And he did and had of course a half gallon
all mixed. John laughed terribly at his
own story—the women didn’t laugh, nor
grandpa. My uncle did, and I, that’s all.

  Then Aunt Caroline helped grandma get
supper and we had a lot of fun and they
drove home.

  The next day grandpa started early for
Petersburg, so as to be back by three
o’clock for something. And my uncle and
me was getting ready, because we was goin’
to drive to Blue Lake that night, pitch the
camp, and fish while it was quiet. So we
had to grease the wagon and do a lot of
things. And grandpa was to bring Mitch.

  Three o’clock looked like it never would
come. But at last about three I saw the
white horses on the far hill, and then I saw
them pulling hard and slow up the near
hill and I could see grandpa now but
couldn’t see Mitch; and I watched and
looked. Then I thought he was hid under
the seat; or had dropped off to walk and
come in later and fool me.

  Grandpa drove in the lot. His face was
set. He looked serious. He didn’t look
at me. He held the lines and looked
straight ahead. I climbed on the carriage
and says, “Where’s Mitch?” Just then
my uncle came up to unhitch the horses.
My grandpa threw him the lines and grand-
pa got out of the carriage. Then he said,
speaking really to my uncle and not to me:
“Mitchie Miller was killed this afternoon
on the railroad.”

  “Grandpa,” I cried, “Grandpa.”

  My grandfather’s eyes were purple—
they had grown deep and almost terrible
to see. And he said: “Yes, son,” and hur-
ried toward the house.

  I went to the barn. I saddled and
bridled my pony. I leaped into the saddle
and struck my heels into the pony’s flanks,
and away I went in a run all the way to
Petersburg—six miles and not a pause or a
let up.

  When I got there in a little more than
half an hour, I found that they had Mitch
up at the house of Widow Morris. So I
went there. He was still alive—and they
let me in. It was terrible. Such a smell of
ether—medicines. Such whisperings—such

J ROMANCE L
EDGAR LEE MASTERS

fulness in the room. The doctor said we’d
have to clear out, some of us. And some
left. I staid long enough to see Mitch.
His eyes were closed. His face was yellow
—I could see blood. I turned siek and
went out of the room. Just as I got to the
door I heard Mitch say, “Has pa come?”
They said, “He’s cornin’ Mitchie, be
patient, he’s cornin’.” Then I stood by the
door.

  And pretty soon Mrs. Miller came and
the girls and my mother and Myrtle and
most everyone. It seemed Mr. Miller was
away selling atlases, but would be home
soon, maybe, or maybe not till late, and
maybe not till to-morrow. All the girls
cried like their hearts would break; and
Mrs. Miller knelt down by the bed, and
Mitch says to her “Where’s pa?” And she
says, “He’s coinin’, Mitchie.” And then
she choked and had to walk away. They
cleared the room now pretty much, and of
course Mrs. Miller allowed me to be in the
room if I wanted to, and could stand it.
But I stood by the door, or just inside a
little for Mitch was talkin’. Finally they
let me go to the bed-side, and Mitch saw
me and says, “Skeet,” and then turned
his head kind of over as if he wanted to
say something he couldn’t bear to say.

  Then Mitch began to talk more. “Don’t
row so fast,” he’d say—“The river’s gettin’
swifter. Take the horses from that engine.
I’m goin’ to see Tom Sawyer—I can fly to
him—fly—fly—fly—Zueline—it’s you, is
it?”

  Then he kind of woke up and says: “Is
Zueline here?” And they said “No, but
she was cornin’;” but she wasn’t; she was
out of town, and probably wouldn’t have
come anyway. And then he said— “Get
my pa—he must forgive me before I die.”

  By this time I knew how Mitch was
hurt. He’d been with Charley King and
George Heigold, and they had been fiippin’
on the train. And Mitch was ridin’ on the
side of a car with his foot hangin’ down
that he had cut in two, draggin’ against the
wheel, which he didn’t notice because his
foot was numb from being cut in two when
he was four or five years old. So the train
gave a lurch and dragged him under, and
the wheels cut him at the hip. It couldn’t
be amputated by the doctor, and they
couldn’t slop the bleedin’.

  Then Mitch began to repeat all kinds of
poetry from Hamlet and things I didn’t

know and he repeated what he had recited
tp me that day:

       I saw pale kings and warriors too,

       Pale princes, death pale were they all.

      They said La Belle Dame Sans Merci
      Hath thee in thrall.

  And he talked about fly in’, about treas-
ure, about St. Louis, about Doc. Lyon, and
Joe Rainey and the pistol; and once he
talked as if he thought he was testifyin’ in
court; and he said— “Now we’re on the
Mississippi—how fast the boat goes—don’t
run so fast.” But always he’d come to and
say where’s my pa.

  And after a bit there was a stir—Mr.
Miller came—pushed his way through.
He was pale as ashes, all trembling, out of
breath, for he’d run up the hill. And he
came to the bedside, but Mitch was dream-
ing again, drifting and dreaming, and talk-
ing about boats, about money, about Ham-
let, about treasure, about pale kings and
warriors and death pale princes. But
pretty soon he says, “Where’s my pa? Is
he never cornin’?”

  “I’m here,” said Mr. Miller.

  Mitch opened his eyes and looked at
his father for about a minute and saw his
pa had come. He was pretty weak now and
it was hard for him to speak. JBut finally
he said, “Take my hand—pa*.” And Mr.
Miller took it. And then nothin’ was said
for a while. And then Mitch spoke again—
“Forgive me, pa.” And Mr. Miller, who
was tryin’ to keep from cryin’ so as not to
worry Mitch, says,' “Oh yes, Mitchie.”
And then Mitch says: “Say a little prayer,
pa.” And Mr. Miller knelt by the bed to
say a prayer, and Mitch says— “Not out
loud—just to yourself.”

  So Mr. Miller did, and then Mitch wan-
dered again and he says, “Don’t row so
fast.” Then there was a terrible stillness.
Mitch had died with them words.

  And my friend—my chum, was gone for
good.

CHAPTER XXX

AND then there was the funeral. It
was held at Mr. Miller’s house and
everybody was there; my grandpa, my
grandma,’ my uncle, John Armstrong and
Aunt Caroline, Willie Wallace, Col. Lamb-
kin, Nigger Dick, Dinah, my ma and
Myrtle, all the Sunday School children, and
MITC H

George Montgomery. Only Charley King
and George Heigold wasn’t there. They
were afraid, bein’ partly responsible for
Mitch’s death. And when everybody was
seated and ready, Zueline and her ma came.
They was all dressed up, and everybody
looked at ’em. Mr. Miller, of course,
couldn’t preach the sermon for his own
boy; so they sent for a wonderful preacher
over at Jacksonville and he talked for
about an hour about pearly gates and the
golden streets of paradise; and there was
Mitch lyin’ there, pale, his eyes sealed, just
asleep, but in such a deep breathless sleep.
And they had the church choir there which
sang:

“I will sing you a song of that beautiful land,

Of the far away home of the soul,

Where no storms ever beat on that glittering
     strand,

While the years of eternity roll.”

  And the minister went on to say how
good God was, how no sparrow falls except
He knows it, how all our hairs was num-
bered and how God loves us, and would
comfort the father and mother and brothers
and sisters, and little .friends; and how if
it hadn’t been for the best, Mitch wouldn’t
have died; and that God knew best and
we didn’t; and if we could look ahead and
see the dreadful things that would happen,
we’d know that God was good and wise to
take Mitch away before they happened—
while he was yet a boy, and had had no
trouble and all the world was still beauti-
ful to him. And he talked about sin and
what suffering does for people, how it
makes ’em humble before God, and respect-
ful and at last saves ’em if they will heed
the lessons and turn to God. Everybody
cried when the last song was sung, espe-
cially the children who sobbed out loud
and Mr. Miller and Mrs. Mitterrand the
Mifler children—and I looked over at
Zueline and her ma. Her ma was just
lookin’ down. I thought I saw a tear in
Zueline’s eyes, but I’m not sure. So we
went out to the cemetery and they buried
Mitch not far from Little Billie. So it was
all over. We began to separate and get
into carriages or walk. And pretty soon I
was home. Thare was nothing there. My
ma went in and began to do something.
Myrtle went out to the swing. I went in
the house but couldn’t stand it, and then
came out and hung on the gate.

MILLER	185

  After a bit Charley King came along and
asked me about everything. Pa said Mitch
had been running with Charley King and
George Heigold, and they got him into
things too much for his age, flippin’ cars
and such things, and that’s how Mitch lost
his life. You see I’d been scared about
this; I didn’t want Mitch to go with ’em;
I didn’t know why; but now it was clear.

  And with everything else, it was Sunday,
for Mitch had died Friday, four or five
hours after he was run over. And it was
only a week now till School would take up.

  The next day I went down to the office
with pa. I wanted to be close to him; he
was a man; he was strong, and I was lone-
some and grievin’, and at night always
dreamin’ of Mitch. And after a while Mr.
Miller came in, and Mrs. Miller too. They
locked terrible sad and pale. Here was.
Mr. Miller out of a church and not makin’
much, and here they had lost their only
boy.

  So pa went over to his safe and got the
$1,000; he had it in two envelopes, one
marked with my name and one with
Mitch’s; and he came back, holdin’ ’em
in his hand and he said: “You know that
these boys found that money that belonged
to old Nancy Allen. Well, a fellow named
Joe Allen turned up here from Pike County
—a third cousin of hers—and her only liv-
in’ relative, and I had this money for him.
But when I told him that these boys had
found it while lookin’ for treasure, and
what kind of boys they were, the old fellow
remembered his own boy-hood, his'poverty,
and all that and he wanted to do something
for these boys. So he made me take this
thousand dollars to divide between ’em.”
Mrs. Miller began to sob. And Mr. Mil-
ler’s voice was broken, but he said, “Hard,
I never heard anything like this—never in
my life.’-’ “Well, here’s the money,” says
pa; “and I made Skeet promise not to tell
anybody about it until we got ready to.”
He stopped; and I, not thinkin’, said: “It
was to be a secret till Christmas.”

  Then Mrs. Miller broke down com-
pletely, and for several minutes nothin’
was said. My pa was cryin’, so was I.
So was Mr. Miller, and just then the train
came in, the same that had killed Mitch,
and it semed like none of us could stand it.

  After a bit pa says: “Of course, half
of this money goes to you and Mrs. Miller
under the law, and the other half belongs
EDGAR LEE MASTERS

to Sk#et—but I’m not going to let him take
it. He doesn’t need it. I can always take
care of him, and I’ll inherit quite a lot, and
he’ll have that. And as far as that goes, it
wasn’t his idea to hunt for treasure—he
was just a helper and followed up Mitchie’s
idea. So now here it is, and it goes with my
blessing and with Skeet’s.”

  And I said, “Indeed it does.” And pa
handed the envelopes to Mr. Miller, and he
took ’em and fingered ’em in a nervous way
and he says: “What shall we do, ma—we
need the money, but somehow I don’t like
it, and I won’t take Skeet’s share, would
you?”

  And she says, “No—never—I’d never
take Skeet’s share; that is Mitchie’s share
and his too.” “Here,” he says, “here’s the
envelope marked with Mitchie’s name, you
take this, Skeet, because you and Mitchie
worked together, and if you want to give
me the envelope marked with your name, I
guess I’ll take it—I seem to have to.”

  So that’s the way it was done. And he
said to pa: “Hard, there never was a
better man than you, or a better name or
family than yours, or a better boy than
Skeet.” Then the tears came in his eyes,
and he and Mrs. Miller left. And after-
wards I said to pa, “I don’t want this
money. If I could have had it with Mitch,
if we could have spent it together for veloci-
pedes—and dogs, and sets of tools, for
scroll saws, watches and whatever we
wanted, and soda water, when we Wanted
it, and bananas, which we never had much
because they cost ten cents a piece—for
amfthing, that would have been different.
But now it’s just so much rags or paper,
and I haven’t got any use for it whatever.
I am Huck Finn at last—the money means
nothing to me. It meant nothing to Huck
because when he got it, he had to put on
shoes and dress up. And now I’ve got it,
I’ve lost the only thing that made it worth
while. I’ve lost Mitch who made it inter-
estin’ to get, and would have made it in-
terestin’ to spend.”

  Then I told pa I wanted to give it to the
Miller girls, barrin’ just a few dollars to
buy a present for ma and grandma and
Myrtle, maybe—and I wanted them to take
enough to put up a stone at Mitch’s grave
with some words on it, suitable to him.

. So pa said he thought that was all right.
And I took out $20 and we put the rest in

the bank in the names of the Miller girls—
and that ended the treasure.

  So next Monday school commenced, and
I sat in my seat lookin’ out of the window.
Zueline had been taken to a girl’s school in
Springfield so as to get her out of the com-
mon schools and her mother had gone with
her to stay all winter. And every day the
train came through that Mitch was killed
on. The days went by; the fall went by;
the winter came. The snow began to fall
on Mitch’s grave and Little Billie’s; and
still we went on. Delia got the meals as
before; the wash woman came and did the
washing on Monday; pa was buying wood
for the stoves; we had to be fitted out for
winter. Grandma and grandpa came in to
see us, cheerful and kind as they always
were. Once he carried a half a pig up the
hill and brought it to us; and they were
always giving us things; and grandma was
always knitting me mittens and socks.
They had lost a lot of children, two little
girls the same summer, a daughter who was
grown, a grown son who was drowned.
They seemed to take Mitchie’s death and
Little Billie’s death as natural and to be
stood. And they said it wouldn’t be long
before we’d all be together never to be
separated and then we’d all be really
happy.

  And finally the December court came
around and they tried Temple Scott. Har-
old Carman testified to what he had said
to the woman on the boat. And Major
Abbott was kerflumxed and lost the case.
Temple Scott got 14 years in prison—and
that ended that. He went there and staid.

  And then Christmas came and in the
evening I went up to the Millers’. The
girls were playing about the same as be-
fore. Mr. Miller was reading Shakespeare
to Mrs. Miller and he looked up finally and
said, “Ma, I’ve just thought of an epitaph
for Mitchie’s stone—here it is in Hamlet:
‘The rest is silence.’ ” And Mrs. Miller
said yes and put her knitting down to count
stitches. The girls rushed into the room
laughing and chasing each other. And
then I went home.

  I had presents, but what were presents?
My chum was gone. I thought of the last
Christmas when we was all together—
Mitch was here then and Little Billie. I
couldn’t enjoy anything. I crept up to bed
and fell asleep and dreamed of Mitch.

Mr. Masters’ epilogue to "Mitch Miller" is published on the opposite page in The Meeting-Place

—---THE END
The Meeting-Place

HERE is the Epilogue to Edgar Lee
Masters' “Mitch .Miller.”

  Perhaps it should have been printed on
the opposite page as a part of the final
instalment, but it seemed to be so personal
in content and to explain so clearly Mr.
Masters’ reasons for writing the story that
we felt it really belonged in The Meeting-
Place, which is, after all, only the glance
of an eye away. .

  YOU will be surprized to know how I
came to write this story. But before
I tell you that, I want to say that if Mitch
had written it, it would, have been much
better. I sit here, dipping my nose in the
Gascon wine, so to speak, as Thackeray
wrote of himself; and I know now that
Mitch was a poet. He would have made
poems out of his life and mine, beautiful
songs of this country, of Illinois, of the
people we knew, of the honest, kindly men
and women we knew; the sweet-faced old
women who were born in Kentucky or Ten-
nessee, or came here to Illinois early in their
youth; the strong, courtly, old fashioned
men, carrying with them the early traditions
of the republic, in their way, Lincolns—
honest, truth telling, industrious, courageous
Americans—plain and unlettered, many of
them, but full of the sterling virtues. Yes,
he would have written poems out of these
people; and he would have done something
more—he would have given us symbols,
songs of eternal truth, of unutterable
magic and profound meaning like “La Belle
Dame Sans Merci.” I am sure he would
have done something of this kind—though
it is idle to say he would have written any-

thing as immortal as that. You must only
indulge me in my partiality for Mitch and
my belief in his genius, and hope with me
that he might have done these great things.

  And yet! And now why did I write this
story? As I was sitting with my nose in
the Gascon wine, which is a strange figure,
since there is no Gascon wine here, and no
wine of any sort since a strange sort of
despot has got control of the country, for
the time being only, I hope—as I said, as
I was sitting with my nose in the Gascon
wine, I was also reading, and I was alone.

I	have had chums, I have had companions,
but none like Mitch, never in all my life.
And being alone, I was reading—what do
you suppose? I had been out for the eve-
ning, I had found a book lying on the
table of my host, I had looked in the book
and begun to read. My host saw I was
intrigued and said, “Take it along.” I did,
and was reading before going to bed. The
book was the letters of John Keats to
Fanny Brawne- Well, don’t you sup-
pose these letters made me think of Mitch
who had repeated “La Belle Dame Sans
Merci” to me and was uttering some of its
marvelous lines with his dying breath?
But this was not all. Let me quote one of
Keats’ letters to Fanny Brawne:

  “When you were in the habit of flirting with
Brown, you would have left off, could your own
heart have felt one half of one pang mine did.
Brown is a good sort of man—he did not know
he was doing me to death by inches. I feel the
effect of every one of those hours in my side
now; and for that cause, though he has done
me many services, though I know his love and
friendship for me, though at this moment I
should be without pence were it not for his

187
i88

THE MEETING-PLACE

assistance, I will never see or speak to him, until
we are both old men, if we are to be. I will
resent my heart having been made a football.
You will call this madness. I have heard you
say that it was not unpleasant to wait a few
years—you have amusements—your mind is
away,—you have not brooded over one idea as
I have, and how should you? You are to me
an object intensely desirable—the air I breathe in
a room empty of you is unhealthy. I am not the
same to you—no—you can wait—you have a
thousand activities—you can be happy without
me. Any party, any thing to fill up the day has
-been enough. How have you passed this month?
Whom have you smiled with ? All this may seem
savage in me. You do not feel as I do—you do
not know what it is to love—one day you may—
your time is not come. Ask yourself how many
unhappy hours Keats has caused you in loneli-
ness. For myself I have been a martyr the
whole time, and for this reason I speak; the con-
fession is forced from me by the torture. I ap-
peal to you by the blood of Christ you believe
in. Do not write to me if you have done any-
thing this month which it would have harried
me to have seen. You may have altered—if you
have not—if you still behave in dancing rooms
and other societies as I have seen you—I do not
want to live—if you have done so, I wish this
coming night may be my last. I cannot live
without you and not only you but chaste you;
virtuous you. The sun rises and sets, the day
passes, and you follow the bent of your inclina-
tions to a certain extent—you have no concep-
tion of the quantity of miserable feeling that
passes through me in a day-i-Be serious. Love is
not a plaything—and again do not write unless
you can do it with a crystal conscience. I would

sooner die for want of you than-

Yours forever,

J. Keats.

                   %

  Then I turned back a few pages in my
disconnected way of reading this book, and

I	found these words: Fanny Brawne to
whom this agonized letter of Keats’ was
written wrote to a Mr. Dilke ten years
after Keat’s death in regard to a memoir
proposed to the dead, and in the following
unconcerned and ignorant way:

  "The kindest act would be to let him rest for-
ever in the obscurity to which circumstances have
condemned him.”

No remembrance here for Keats’ adora-
tion; no thrill that a human heart, even if
it had been the heart of an ordinary man,
had poured out its last devotion to hers;
no pity for his obscurity, if it was such,
his untimely and tragic death; no recogni-
tion of his passion for beauty, including his
misguided passion for the beauty which
was not in her; no perception of the good-
ness in the man, the bravery of his heart;

the white fire of his spirit; no understand-
ing of his greatness, even after Byron had
written that “Hyperion” was as sublime as
Aeschylos, and Shelley had poured out in
“Adonais” the grief and the passion of a
flaming indignation and scorn in one of the
greatest of elegies; no memory contemplat-
ing the agony of a dying youth stricken
with consumption, and torn with the tragic
spectacle of defeated ambition. “Let him
rest forever in the obscurity to which cir-
cumstances have condemned him.”—These
were her words in the face of all these
things.

  And so, reading these words of Fanny
Brawne, my mind turned back to Mitch,
and his life rose before me and took shape
in my mind, and I wrote; just because he
had had this boyhood love for Zueline and
went through that summer of torture for
losing her. And I could see that he might
have suffered these pangs again; that over
and over again, perhaps, he might have
poured out his passion in the endless search
for beauty and faith, and in the search for
realization and glimpses of eternal things
through them, and that he would have
never found them, through woman; and so,
thinking I could look back upon his death
at twelve years of age with complacency,
and almost with gladness.

  But also if he had lived through as many
years as I have lived, he would have passed
through the chaos, the dust, the hate, the
untruth that followed the civil war. He
would have seen an army organization exer-
cising a control in the affairs of the republic
beyond its right, and ideas that were dead
and were never rightfully alive, keeping the
people of his country from pulling them-
selves out of poverties and injustices, and
from planting themselves upon the new soil
of each succeeding year and its needs. He
would have seen wealth amass through
legalized privilege into the hands of treas-
ure hunters; and he would have seen these
treasure hunters make and interpret the
laws their own way, and in behalf of the
treasure they had and were seeking. He
would have seen his country go forth to
free an island people, and then turn and
subjugate another island people as a part
of the same war, and then depart from the
old ways i^to paths of world adventure and
plunder. And he would have seen his
country spend ten times what it spent in
the civil war and lose in battles or disease

R OMANCE
THE MEETI

half as many young men as it lost in the
civil war in the crusade Of making the
world safe for democracy; and he would
have seen democracy throttled and almost
destroyed at home, and democracy abroad
helped no whit by this terrible war. He
would have seen that all these things hap-
pen for treasure—for gold which cares
nothing for laws, nothing for liberties, noth-
ing for beauty, nothing for human life, but
always seeks its own everywhere and al-
ways, which is its own increase and its own
conservation. He would have seen men
jailed for nothing and sacred rights swept
away by the sneers of judges, and written
safe guards of the peoples’ liberties by those
very judges sworn to support, overthrown
by them, at the bidding of treasure hunters
who stand back of hired orators, hired
newspapers, hired clergymen, hired law-
yers, and hired officials. He would have
seen congresses uttering and acting upon
lies, and his country bound together with a
net-work of elaborate falsehood.

  The America his father hoped for and
the America he would have hoped for, sits,
for the time-being anyway, in dullness and
in dust. And so I am not sorry that for
these nearly thirty years, Mitchie Miller
has been dust, a part of the hill overlooking
the Sangamon River, not far from the de-
serted village of Old Salem—his dust at
one with the hill and sharing its own
eternity.

Edgar Lee Masters.

MAYBE some of you Canadians once
knew the principal character in
Ramsey Benson’s story:

WlSHART, Mo.

  THE original of Blackstock in “Whom the
Lord I.oveth” was an English minister who quit
the ministry for his health’s sake and took up
land in Manitoba. He, too, lost four crops of
wheat by frost, while the fifth blessed him with
an increase of fifty fold.

  He utterly refused to take land farther
south, because he wouldn't set foot off British
soil merely to gain a worldly profit. But when
he was subsequently called to preach in the
United States, he went, his notion being that
a call to preach was from the Lord and mightn’t
be disobeyed.

  Obstinacy, some would call it, but anyway it
is a testimony to the stout fiber of the British
character, and it explains in some measure why
England is still a sturdy nation, though her
authentic history goes back more than a thou-
sand years.

Ramsey Benson.

NG-PLACE	i8q

NOT being an erudite student of folk-
lore, I find myself reading Mr. Ca-
bell’s explanation of the origin and meaning
of his story in the same spirit as I read his
romance, “The Image of Sesphra.” Some
day I’ll look for Codman and go in search of
a copy of Lewistam’s “Key to the Popular
Tales of Poictesme” and solve the riddle.
Maybe some of you have your own opin-
ions about the meaning of the tale.

Dumbarton, Va.

  ERUDITE students of folk-lore will, of course,
not fail to recognize in “The Image of
Sesphra” a rehandling of one of the legends clus-
tering about that half-mythical Dom Manuel
whom Codman calls “the Achilles of Poictesme,
as Jurgen is its Ulysses.” These tales, however,
remain very little known to the average reader;
and; indeed, I propose some day to publish an
abridgement of the Manuel epos, in the belief
that, with slight modernizations, his exploits may
yet lie esteemed not uncurious by persons desiring
to kill off a vacant half-hour.

  This particular episode is, in Lewistam's opin-
ion, -an allegory of the creative literary instinct,
of the will to “write things.” Now my personal
feeling rather obstinately balks at that unriddling,
irrespective of its plausibility. For it is certainly
plausible, and the fact is past question note-
worthy that, alike in the old French and in our
English, “Sesphra” is an anagram on “phrases.”
Yet, as Lewistam concedes, there is obscurity in
the parable, a troubling shifting of the symbol-
ism, so that, although the image created by
Manuel may well be interpreted as a book in-
spired by his love for Freydis, and surviving its
begetters, yet (still to quote from the “Key to
the Popular Tales of Poictesme”) “the returning
Sesphra is surely no book, but rather the literary
instinct itself, resistless and beauty-loving and
defiant of all human ties.”

  These things are as they may be. For one, I
prefer to view this story as unadulterate romance,
with no more (though, to be sure, no less) of
ulterior “teachings” concealed about its evolution
than is detectable in the unfolding of the chron-
icle-history of “Cinderella” or of “Puss in Boots”;
and Sargyll, I elect to believe, is an island that
stands salubriously removed from the gray coasts
of Pedagogia. I humbly confess, even so, my
quite personal opinion in this matter to be of
no more weight than is the opinion of any other
reader of Romance.

James Branch Cabell.

MEET a new writer: Miss Nell Han-
son, author of “Jimsie of Kilmack.”

Montreal, Canada.

  “JIMSIE OF KILMACK” is my fourth attempt
at fiction, and my very first accepted manu-
script ; so, critics, please be gentle as you
read. As I am so very new and totally un-
famous, I’m afraid nothing I write about its
origin can be of great interest. However as it
is the custom of the magazine that contributors
should write a few lines for The Meeting-Place,
THE MEETING-PLACE

  IQO

I can only do as I am asked, whether I have
anything interesting to say or not, seeing that
the editor has been so nice and kind as to buy
my story.

  By the way, I notice among numberless writers
a tendency to consider all editors who buy their
particular creations “nice and kind and altogether
delightful,” and those who send them rejection-
slips ‘'impossible men.” I have tried during my
extremely short “literary career” not to harbor
resentment, but I must confess to a distinct bias
toward Romance.

   I wrote the story early in the year, while ill
in bed. I had been reading Marion Crawford’s
“In the Palace of the King,” and the tragedy of
the hunchback jester struck me and remained
with me afterward far more than anything else
in the book, and gradually, in a day or two,
wove itself into the story of Jimsie and Norah—
I don't quite know how. I suppose I made it
happen in Ireland because I am Irish, though
I've lived in Canada for a number of years, and
because I love Ireland and love the West Clare
coast that I have tried to use as a background.
There my grandparents lived, and there my
mother spent much of her girlhood, and I have
vivid memories of happy Summers spent there
when I was a child; of the gentle, lovable, won-
derfully courteous country-people; of the sea and
the sunsets and the curraghs in the bay; of the
larks singing overhead. I remember especially
one year, when we returned to London, that
station after station, as we passed through, was
filled with men and women, the women with their
shawls over their heads, keening bitterly as the
train bore away their loved ones, emigrants to
the far America. I didn’t know I was going
to be an “emigrant” myself one day!

  And because no one can know that one is Irish
Jor two minutes without asking one’s politics, I
may say that I was a believer in John Red-
mond, but now I don’t quite know what I am.
Most emphatically my views are not those of the
Sinn Fein.

Nell Hanson.

THE author of “The Heart of Con-
chita” doesn’t tell us very much about
himself or his story, but you’ll find his
ideas of romance and other, things ex-
tremely interesting:

Brooklyn, N. Y.

  POSSIBLY one of the greatest writers of prose
and verse that has been produced on the
American continent in the past century was
Ruben Dario, who died in 1916. This man was
an Indian, of pure blood, born in Nicaragua. Like
many another great man he was misunderstood
by some of the petty government officials of his
country who wished to mold the people to their
puny outlook on life and was compelled to leave
soon after attaining early manhood.

  He became a wanderer through the lands of
South America and first came into international
prominence by the publication of a book of prose
which he called “Azul,” after Victor Hugo’s
motto, "L’art, e’est I’azurl” Juan Valera, the
famous Spanish critic, was very severe in his

criticism, claiming that Dario should have given
more time to the teaching of correct Spanish.
He was especially hostile to the title, wanting to
know why was art blue rather than yellow, red,
green or plain white or black. It was in the
book, but Don Juan, stern realist, was unable
to see it. Dario proved that he had his hand
on the pulse of Youth by revolutionizing Spanish
literature, heading w’hat is known as the
modernista movement, which spread to all Span-
ish-speaking lands of the earth.

  He resided, at some time or other, in all the
Latin-American countries and later spent some
time in Europe. He is as well known to readers
of Spanish as Shakespeare is to readers of English.
I remember seeing him in Buenos Aires several
years ago, a great broad-shouldered man with a
placid face and large brown eyes beneath an
expanse of forehead, such a peculiar, striking ap-
pearance of face and figure as to cause me to
remember it today. He was possibly a straight
descendant from the royal races that inhabited
Central America before the conquest, races that
were enjoying the highest type of civilization
when men of Europe were living in caves and
fighting with stone axes.

  In all of his works he teaches the compelling
force of the desire for the Ideal. This Ideal he
compares to the Veto de la Reina Mab, the Veil
of Queen Mab, a veil of opalescent blue made of
filmy gauze. He illustrates this by showing
Queen Mab coming to four gaunt, unshaven men
in a garret—a sculptor, a painter, a poet and a
musician. They are lamenting the sordidness and
brutality of life. She alights from her car, made
of a single pearl, and twines them in the folds of
her veil. Their sighs and groans are turned to
laughter as they glimpse the world as it now
appears to them.

  In other words Life is as you look upon it.
Adolescent Youth sees it full of promise, Old
Age views it with a tinge of bitterness, it gives
back the image that is thrown from the mind.

  Romance? Does it exist? I’ll say it does.
It has made easy many a rough spot for me.
Some one will come along and say there is no
romance in the world. And then there will a
regular mob rise up and tell him there is. To
me it represents the Veil of Queen Mab. I am
also a very stern realist like Don Juan Valera,
but I now and then try to clutch a comer of
the Veil and peer at things as they should be—
the Ideal state to which we will evolve as human
beings within the next several thousand years.

Edgar Young.

JAPAN—the old Japan—will never
cease to be a source of romance. “The
Tale of the Talking Skull” in the Septem-
ber issue is one of a number of similar
folk-stories that will appear in Romance.
Mr. Post Wheeler tells us something of how
his material was gathered.

Stockholm.

  I SPENT seven years in Tokyo at our embassy
—nearly two years of that time as charge
d’affaires—and during that time was able to make
/

THE MEETING-PLACE

a study of Japanese things and thoughts, which
only a long period can make possible. As you
will understand, there are many tilings in an
Oriental country which one does not begin in
any way to grasp until one has gained some
acquaintance with the language and some famil-
iarity with the literature, verbal and written.
Folk-lore has always been a hobby of mine (per-
haps you have seen my “Russian Wonder Tales”
which I did when ^ was American charge
d'affaires in Petrograd—or rather St. I’etersbffi-g)
and I gave to Japanese folk-lore the leisure time
of those seven years in compiling a collection
which I have aimed to make comprehensive.

  I have put together a vast number (literally
thousands) of tales, taken down in many cases
in shorthand from the lips of professional story-
tellers (for Japan has these just as Turkey and
Persia) and have compared variants and traced
sources. It is my intention to bring these out
in perhaps fifteen volumes in the near future, and
•he tales which Romance is to publish are offered
with a view to familiarize the Western public
with this mass of popular fiction which I con-
sider so interesting and valuable for western
scholarship to understand. This task has, of
course, cost me very great labor and, inciden-
tally of course, thousands of dollar;., but il has
also been a labor of love.

Post Wheeler.

 THOUGHT Konrad Bercovici knew
more about Gipsies than he knew about
the people of the city, before I read his
recent book, “Dust of New York,” and
“Broken Dreams,” the story that appears
in this issue of Romance.

Morristown, N. J.

  THE characters in “Broken Dreams" are old ac-
quaintances of mine. To a good many people
in New York the story will be merely a printed
record of facts. I am afraid, -however, that I
shall not be on speaking-terms any more with
a few men and women with whom I have
chatted frequently, seated at the same table in
some East Side cafes. But that is very often the
fate of the writer who writes what he observes
instead of what he invents.

  The truth about my work in general is that
1 am so interested in following and observing
the threads of the lives of people I know that
I have little time to write down what I see.
Some .of my stories, though actually written in
a few hours, have taken years of another kind
of work. The actual process of writing is to
me what the stuffing of the “kill” is to a pas-
sionate hunter. The hunting, the following of
a maze of faint tracks in the beaten trails of
the woods, the tracing of the animal to its lair
after losing the scent again and again is what
gives me great pleasure.

  Frequently one follows the track of a bear
only to cross the footprints of a deer or hear
the powerful wing-strokes of an eagle overhead
or suddenly face a wolf. And there are also
beautiful birds and interesting insects—some that
sting but give honey and others that merely
sting. For the hunter the forests are stocked

iqi

with game—and the world is my hunting-ground.
The sky, in a singing blue or a deadly ashen,
the forest decked in green or black and nakedj
the mountains, the seas arc all for me to see,
to tread, to swim. Men, women, children—in
white, brown, red, yellow, black, gay or sad,
happy or otherwise—I am alive to them.

  If I am able to describe but a little of what
I hear and see every day, it makes me happy.
For twenty years 1 have struggled against
“authoring”; now it's all over. I have fallen.
I pray God that my readers be merciful. Vae
victisl Woe to the vanquished.

  Of the East Side I know this much after
many years of study: It does not matter much
in what language people are happy or sad. A
thousand superficialities, differences in culture,
tradition and religious rituals make one believe
that all nations are not alike. But after closer
observation the rock-bottom essentials which are
common to all mankind convince one that love
is love and hate is hate in the hearts of men
and women of all colors, of all races.

 But those differences! How subtle and
eluding!

Konrad Bercovici.

HERE’S a proof that subway-riding
isn’t all crush and curses:

New York City.

  THE idea of “Stella Maris of Pete's" came,
to me on the Sea Beach subway. Leaving
Coney Island, before you go underground, you
pass through a dispirited, slovenly section of
patchy shacks and boat-houses. One particularly
dirgy brown house has a large sign, “Stella." on
top. The name is so ironical, the place so un-
star-like that immediately I began to imagine it
to be the road-house of my story. Out beyond
“the creek” lies the bay and the clean, free ocean.
But here is only unloveliness.

  Then it occurred to me to call the girl and not
the house, Stella, and to make the one person
on earth who fully understands her—the Scholar
—nickname her “Stella Maris"; a harmless
whimsicality, since no one else has the slightest
inkling of what it means. The plot was simply
to develop the tiny gleam of goodness that lay
within her, thus justifying the appellation for
the time being.

  But don’t place any halo on Stella. She won't
have another god-like experience. She rose to
the heights—once. That’s all. That's the story.
The rest of her life will probably fray out like
the old house on the creek. No one will mourn
its demolition, except the Scholar—if he survives
her. But won't you always feel a little more
charitable for knowing her romance?

Mei.la Russell McCallum.

FRANCE knows how to recognize
romance when she finds it. I see that
the French Academy’s Grand Prix de
Roman has now been awarded to Pierre
Benoit for his novel “L’Atlantide,” which
recently appeared in English in Adventure,
this being its first publication in this
country.

ROMANCE
THE MEETING-PLACE

 IQ2

HERE is a word about authors,’ haloes
from a poet whose work has been
published in Romance:

New York City.

  THE editor' tells me that there is a meeting-
place in this magazine where that “distant, odd
and haloed creature.” the author, may take off his
halo for a while and be a real human with the
other real humans, his readers. It sounds good—
provided.one has a halo.

  When I got the news, I looked for my halo at
once, but I couldn’t find it. I have been writing
for a long time and my latest book is just out, so
I suppose I am an author. But where my halo is,
I don’t know. All I ever have to wear on my
head is an occasional hat decorously trimmed by
myself. And I usually feel as humble about my
hats as I do about my books.

  Of course, when I was very young, in the days
before I had to think about buying hats, I used
to dream about a halo. 1 thought I wanted one.
I still think it might be becoming. But I don’t
think of hats or haloes nowadays, when I write.
I just try to tell my readers what I honestly think
and feel about life. And I believe in my readers.
I believe they will care most for the best things
I have to say to them. I believe that if there are
any haloes, the readers wear them!

  I have had some readers, I know, whose haloes
must be big and beautiful, if kindness of heart
can make them so. One of them, whom I have
never met, sent me a dozen ears of sweet green
corn from the country not long ago. It came in
the morning mail along with a very cruel review
of my book. Who minds a review when there are
roasting-ears ? Another reader sent me a little
bunch of violets and early buttercups last Spring.
Another once sent me a dozen fresh eggs. And
sometimes they write letters that are as good as
corn or eggs or Spring blossoms. Readers, truly,
wear haloes. And the beauty of it is that, in
spite of that fact, they are not always “odd and
distant.” Seems to me they should be invited to
The Meeting-Place too and that they should
bring their haloes with them.

Marguerite Wilkinson.

FROM Bernard Raymund whose poem
“The Freshet” appears in this issue:

Columbus, Ohio.

  I WONDER that I feel at home in this de-
partment, since I do not remember having been
in any out-of-the-way place in my twenty-six
years. The most exciting thing I do is to teach
medical students physiology in the Winter and
swing a scythe or spray potatoes in the Summer.
People often ask, “How do you ever find time to
write?” Well, I just don’t, not half-enough.

Bernard Raymund.

THERE is one feature of Romance—
the most important a cynical news-
dealer might say—that we have tried to
keep in tune with the rest of the magazine,
and that is the cover. This letter from a

reader makes me feel we haven’t altogether
missed our object; or, to put the praise
where it belongs, it’s proof that Leon Bel-
lisle, the artist, knows how to catch the
spirit of romance in line and color.

Burlington, Vt.

  THE July number of the Romance magazine
has on the- cover a picture of a native girl
of one of the Pacific islands. She is standing
on the sand, and behind her are some green palm-
trees sharp against an intensely blue unclouded
sky and—the bluer ocean. For us in the United
States, in New England, that picture is indeed
romance: the new and different beauty, the what-
may-happen-next feeling, the far-off place which
is not too far-off for the possibility of our some
day going there. There must be the possibility
of realization in romance, not only “something
lost behind the ranges, something hidden,” but
also the “go and find it” mood.

  The essence of romance is in the combination of
the strange and the possible, the unknown and
the familiar. But it is easy to let the familiar
things become boringly usual; and when they do,
we seek romance in literature to relieve the
heaviness of the prosaic and to renew our powers
of seeing, grasping the wonder all about us.

       . . And all unseen
     Romance brought up the nine-fifteen.”

  The picture on the July cover is suggestive of
adventure, strange reality, new beauty (that is,
to us, in this country); but to the girl, to any
one living on that far, hot shore, I wonder what
the outlook is. Many eventless days—changeless
weather. From the empty, sunlit routine of that
life I think one might look far off and see a
different romance here (wherever this here may
be; mine as I write is a New England town of
many gardens, great elms and cool, still houses).
The catching of romance depends more upon
attitude of mind, than circumstances. The stories
we read of other people’s adventure ought to
show us how to see the romance near by in any
life, and to stir up the desire for more and more
of it.

  I	should like to know if your readers think
they have any romance actually in their own
lives or if they have only the desire for it in
the thing just beyond. Would it not be possible,
and interesting too, to open discussion in The
Meeting-Place pages about the reality of romance
and what it actually is? For people need it so
often and don’t know how to see it.

Helen Underwood Hoyt.

  Yes, The Meeting-Place has always been
open for a discussion of this kind, but
(please forgive me, but I must say it!)
most of you readers are so very shy about
giving your ideas of “romance.” Here’s
hoping this appeal from a fellow reader
will send more of you hurrying to the ink-
well.

S. M.

ROMANCE
The Ugly Duckling

By Laura Kent

   Mr. Peek, the manager of our office, stormed up the aisle
between two rows of desks.

   “Where's that Miller girl? She's never to be depended on."

   I looked at the other girls, and they looked at me. Miss
Miller was the most conscientious one of our number, and
we knew it right well. But that fact did not ease her
suffering in any way when Mr. Peck shouted at her later
for a thousand and one imagined shortcomings.

   I didn't like Miss Miller. But I felt sorry for her.

   I admired her. too: she was so brave. She faced scolding
after scolding from Mr. Peek, and many a slight from more
than one of the girls without flinching—until one day.

   I found her one afternoon just after !unch.
in the room just outside of the office, crying
as if her heart had broken. I forgot my
dislike for her in a moment: tears make any-
body your sister.

  "You are sick?" I asked, though J knew
perfectly well that she wasn't.

   "Yes." she sobbed, "if it's being sick to be
sick of life."

   I laid my hand on Miss Miller's shoulder.

She looked up at me with unbelieving eyes, for
none of its had ever touche< 1 her before. '' Won ’ t
you tell me your trouble, dear?" ! asked.

  She could only say incredulously. "You
don’t mean that. Nobody means to be good
to an 'ugly duckling.' "

  A blush burned my face, for I knew then
that Miss Miller had overheard what Miss
Terry had said to me about her a few
minutes earlier.

^ "Oh. you shouldn't be too severe on Miss
Terry.—she's such a fearfully thoughtless
creature. Nine tenths of the things she
says are said without thinking."

   Miss Miller dried her eyes and talked with
sudden firmness. "This thing that she's
said now is the one-tenth that she's thought
about. I am an ‘ugly duckling.' "

   Then, without further ado. she took her hat
and went away. Mr. Peck told us later that
she had found a better position. So she told
him. but I knew better: her self-respect would
not permit her to remain among us longer.

   I suffered the most intense shock of my life
about four months later. I met the “ugly
duckling" at an engagement reception. 1
looked and looked. The realization of the fact that I was
race to face with the Miss Miller I had once worked with
was painfully difficult. When the last vestige of doubt
disappeared. I could only stand spellbound and give utter-
ance to a long astonished "0-o-o-o-oh!"

  F<t the "ugly duckling'' was no loneer an "ugly duck-
ling." Anybody, even Miss Terry, who used never to tire
of ridiculing her at the office, would have called Miss Miller
a beauty now.

   “How did you do it?" I gasped.

  She answered with a simple sincerity. "I am not going
to pretend that I don't know what you're talking about.”
she said. "You want to know what became of the 'tiglv
duckling. "

   I laughed off my embarrassment.

  "Fashion Academy." she said.

  "Fashion Academy?" I asked. I saw no connection.

  "Yes. rashion Academy helped me out just after I had
made up my mind to stop being an 'uglv duckling.* I had
heard about rashion Academy from a friend. I turned to
i'. in my hour of humiliation because I had the vague feeling
that somehow a good part of the ugliness of all 'ugly duck-
lings’ is in the feathers. 'Fine feathers make fine birds.'
they say. To make a lonp story short. I enrolled for
Fashion Academy courses in Costume and Millinerv
Design.

  "Not much more than a month later. I was designing
dresse-- and hats for myself that made me—I must say it—
beautiful. I learned that I had been dressing the wrong
way all my life. I learned how much clothes may mean to
a woman. In short. 1 learned ho:, lo dress.

  “I learned that every woman's figure is an individual
thing, that every woman’s personality is something apart
from all other personalities. I learned how to adapt the
lines of a gown and a hat to my figure. I learned to se.it

colors to my complexion ami the coloring of my eyes and
hair. I learned how to express my personality in dress.
In other words. I learned how to dress my individual self, of
all women in the world.

   "And every style of dress or hat was original, for I de-
signed it myself. I do not now have to !>e humiliated by
seeing my style of dress or hat on every fourth woman that
I meet. That is what often happens when you buy a dress
or hat of popular style in the shops. What is more. ! have
made every dress myself from the drafting of the pattern
to the very last stitch.—every hat from the making of the
frame to the last bit of trimming. And the cost of these home-
made dresses and hats, as beautifully m:dv
as anything one could buy in the store, v a.-«
Irom one-third to one-tenth the store price."

   Miss Miller paused. I began to think that
J. too. had been more of an "ugly duckling"
than I need have been. "What." I thought,
"would charming, original dresses and hats
designed just for me do for my appearance?"
And then 1 said to Miss Miller. "But I sup-
pose the learning was terribly hard.”

   She smiled. "That’s quite the most re-
markable thing about it." she replied.
"Learning a Fashion Academy home-study
course is more like play than like work. The
lessons are marvelously simple, and so fas-
cinatingly interesting that every one in my
family was as anxious to see them as I was.
I spent never more than two hours a week on
my designing, and yet the results I got were
splendid, according to my teachers. It's so
pleasant to be able to improve oneself right
in the comfort of one’s own home. Besides,
of course, a home-study course costs only
about one-fourth the price of the course
taken right at the school."

I	****«•

   So ended the "ugly duckling’s” story of how
she stopped being an "ugly duckling.” Now
I, too, have enrolled for a home-study course
with Fashion Academy. I have only done
three lessons so far. but already I have made
great progress. The interest my teachers
take in me is simply splendid. Each lesson is
criticized in the greatest detail; and when-
ever any little part of the work is not done
topleise them. I am asked to do it over again.

   I am beginning to think of the possibility of becoming a
professional costume designer. From letters that are
published in the beautifully illustrated booklet sent by
Fashion Academy, sent free upon request. I can see wonder-
ful opportunities in this work. One former student of
Fashion Academy earned Si25 a week and designed cos-
tumes for Lady Duff Gordon iLucile) three months after her
graduation. And hers is only one instance of the great
number of amazing successes made by Fashion Academy
graduates as professional designers.

   If you wish to secure complete information about Fash-
ion Academy home-study courses, fll out and mail the cou-

5r>n below, or send letter asking for FREE Illustrated
ooklet 1910.

  Fashion Academy, Inc.

Studio 1910

103 East 57th Street	New York

 I

  Fashion Academy, Inc., Studio 1910

     1’Iea.e -ciul me Free Illustrated Booklet 1910. con-
I faining full information about your home-study courses in
| Costume Design, Dressmaking. Millinery, and Fashion
| Illustration.

| Name............................................

j Address .........................................

"Fine Feathers Make Fine
Birds," said Miss Miller.
  Grafonola

They all make records
exclusively for Columbia

There's an all-star hill appearing every
night on the biggest circuit in the world.
The audiences they entertain number
millions every night —a vast and grow-
ing army of Columbia Record fans.

A1 Jolson, Nora Bayes, Van and
Schenck, Harry Fox, Bert Williams, and
Ted Lewis Ja-2 Band are the headliners
on this bill. Stop at some Columbia
dealer's. Buy these song-loving and
laughter-provoking stars’ latest records.
Enjoy an all-star bill each night at home.

COLUMBIA GR APHOPHONE CO.. New Yor!:
Canadian Factory: Toronto

                                                                                            The Onlv Non Set
                                                                                            Automatic Stop

                                                                                                             Nothing to move or set or me3s*
                                                                                                             ure. Just start the Grafonola and it
                                                                                                             pl:tv> and stops itself. B\t‘lumvly
                                                                                                             on the Columbia Gralonola.

 StW.u.l MoJels up to S.'.oo
 PerW Dcstffm up 10 >0