
                      Street &amp; Smith 's  Love Story Magazine  
                      Illustrated  
                      Every Week  
                      Mar. 30  
                     Contents Copyrighted  1935  
                      Orchid Girl  by  Paula Rockwell  
                      NRA  Code 
                 
             
         
         
             
                 
                 
                     NEW INVENTION SAVES GAS! 
                     3 to 6 MILES MORE PER GALLON 
                     Motorist Saves $180.00 a Year 
                     CHRYSLER 
                     Have tried the Vacu-matic and it sure is fine. Better pick-up with a 30% gas sav- ing--John C. Martin, Pa. 
                     Plymouth 
                     I am amazed at Vacu-matic per-formance. It's giv-ing me 5 more miles per gallon. -Walter Zielinski, Ill. 
                     V-8 Ford 
                     I installed both Vacu-matics and they work excel-lent. On my own V8 Ford I notice wonderful perfor-mance in pick up, get-away
                        and gas saving.- Burt Burnett, Mich. 
                     Buick 
                     Everything you claim about Vacu matic is true. I now get 20 miles to the gallon. Be-fore I was only averaging 15 1/2 miles. -
                        C. Constantino, Fla. 
                     Franklin 
                     With Vacu-matic I have increased my mileage from 10.1 to 14.2 miles per gallon. I figure I save over $75.00 a year in
                        gasoline. R.K. Radtke. Wis. 
                     Saves $180 A Year 
                      On my Plymouth 6 I obtained an average of 22 miles per gallon, an increase of 7 miles. This means a savings of $15 a month or
                        $180 a year. F S. Peck, Calif 
                     Chevrolet 
                     Please send me a Vacu-matic for a Model A. The milage on my 1933 Chevro-let jumped from 18 to 22 miles per gal. with
                        Vacu-matic.- Paul P. Haas, Mass. 
                     All Well Pleased 
                     Enclosed find order for 12 more. Everyone I have sold is giving 4-to-6 more miles per gallon. I have 3 more orders for V8
                        Ford. Every body is well pleased. -J.O. Carll, Texas. 
                     Model A Ford 
                     Have been using the Vacu-matci for a month. I used to get 20 to 22 miles per gal. Now I get 30 to 33 miles It is amazing the
                        difference it makes. -James W. Barr, Canada. 
                     Nash 
                     On my Advanced 6 Nash gained 17 1/2% in milaeage. The car will idle down to 3 miles inan hour and then take gas with-out a
                        complaint. -J.Showalter, Mo. 
                     Dodge 
                     Just complieted 2310 miles on 92 gallons in my 1933 Dodge 6. This figures 25 miles while befoer I aver-aged only 20 miles per
                        gal. on trips. -Al Fruzyna, Calif. 
                     OldsMobile 
                     I am well pleased with Vacu-matic on our Olds-mobile. A test proved it to give 18 miles per gal. Before we considered 13 good.
                        -Arthur Wil-liams, N.Y. 
                     Above are just a few of the many unsolicited letters recieved from VAcu-matic users. 
                     Saves up to Thirty Per Cent On Gas. Provides Faster Pick-Up--More Power-- Greater Mileage and Smoother Running. GET FREE
                        INFORMATION 
                     Vacu-Matic the Carburetor Control that "Breathes" 
                     Patent Pending 
                     AT LAST! Automotive engineers have smashed down the barriers to perfected combustion! The new VACU-MATIC solves the secret of
                        greater power! With almost magical action, this amazing inven- tion instantly puts new life and pep in any motor. It adds
                        mileage to every gallon of gasoline . . . produces split-second pick-up, sensitive accelerator response, greater speed and
                        smoother running  
                     New- Automatic- Nothing Like It! 
                     The self-starter--four wheel brakes--knee action--streamlining... and now VACU-MATIC! The greatest motor improvement of recent
                        years! With it, engineers have achieved a practical means of balancing air and gasoline automatically for all speeds:
                        Vacu-matic is entirely different! It is AUTOMATIC and allows the motor to "breathe" at the correct time, opening and closing
                        automatically as required. No idling troubles--no carburetor adjust-ments necessary. Just put it on and forget it! Sharply cuts
                        fuel wastes, saves dollars in gas costs, reduces carbon and gives your engine new pep, greater power and longer life. 
                     Fits All Cars 
                     VACU-MATIC is constructed of six parts, assembled and welded into one unit, correctly adjusted and sealed at the-factory.
                        Nothing to regulate. Any motorist can attach VACU- MATIC in ten minutes. Once in, its only reminder is the surge of instant
                        power and speed it gives to the motor and the savings it affords your pocketbook. 
                     The Vacu-Matic Co., Wauwatosa, Wis. 
                     Agents and Salesmen 
                     If you are inter-ested in earning: unusual profits, check coupon. Exclusive terri-tories are now being- granted. 
                     Guaranteed Gas Savings 
                     The VACU-MATIC proves itself on every car. It is guaranteed to give worth-while gas savings, quicker pick-up, and more power
                        or it costs you nothing. "On a test I gained an average of 4 miles on a gallon," writes Alex Wertz. "Vacu-matic is the best I
                        have ever tried." Clarence Rutzin--"I have tried the Vacu-matic on several tests and find that I get between 5 and 6 miles per
                        gallon increase, have more mileage, have greater pickup." 
                     Free Details 
                     Learn about this remarkable device that so greatly affects the entire performance of your motor. Learn why your car is costing
                        you extra money to operate without VACU-MATIC. See why your VACU-MATIC equipped car will leap away from traffic without
                        sputter or hesitation. Discover a new driving thrill and enjoy the savings. Get the facts! Write today! 
                     
                         
                             FREE OFFER COUPON 
                             THE VACU-MATIC COMPANY 
                             7617-73 W. State St., Wauwatosa, Wis. 
                             Gentlemen: Please send me full particulars concerning the Vacu-matic and details of your Free Offer. This of course
                                does not obligate me in any way. 
                             Name........................................................ 
                             Address.......................................................... 
                             City...................................................... State......... 
                             □ Check here if interested In selling proposition. 
                         
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 ADVERTISING SECTION 
                 
                     
                         
                         The only man who could talk to the Superintendent 
                         For several years, he was just like a score of other men in the plant--a good, honest, fairly capable worker, but only
                            that. There was nothing distinc-tive about him or his ability--nothing to make him stand out from the crowd--no reason, as a
                            matter of fact, why he should ever receive a raise. 
                         Then one fortunate day he decided that the reason he wasn't getting anywhere was because he lacked special training. He
                            searched around a bit --asked a great many questions--and then en- rolled for a home-study course with the Inter- national
                            Correspondence Schools. 
                         "Soon after I began studying," he wrote to us the other day, "we had a change in management at our plant. The new
                            superintendent said that only 
                     
                     
                         
                         men who had really studied their work were in line for positions as foremen. "I certainly was glad then that I had decided
                            to study in my spare time. For, thanks to my I. C. S. course, I was the only man in the organization who could talk to the
                            superintendent in his own lan-guage. As a result, I was promoted over men who had been here from ten to twenty
                            years." 
                         What are you doing with the hours after supper? Can you afford to let them slip by unimproved when you can easily make
                            them mean so much? One hour a day, spent with the I. C. S. in thd quiet of your own home, will prepare you for suc-cess in
                            the work you like best. Yes, it will! Put it up to us to prove it. Mail this coupon today. 
                         
                             
                                 
                                     INTERNATIONAL CORRESONPDENCE SCHOOLS 
                                 
                                 
                                     "The Universal University" BOX 4910-F, SCRANTON, PENNA. 
                                     Without cost or obligation, please send me a copy of your booklet, "Who Wins and Why," and full particulars
                                        about the subject before which I have marked X: 
                                     Technical and Industrial Courses 
                                 

                                 
                                     
                                     □ Architect 
                                     □ Architectural 
                                     Draftsman 
                                     □ Building Estimating 
                                     □ Wood Millworking 
                                     □ Contractor and Builder 
                                     □ Structural Draftsman 
                                     □ Structural Engineer 
                                     □ Development and Protec-tion of New Products 
                                     □ Electrical Engineer 
                                     □ Electric Lighting 
                                     □ Welding, Electric and Gas 
                                 

                                 
                                     
                                     
                                         □ Reading Shop Blueprints 
                                         □ Telegraph Engineer 
                                         □ Telephone Work 
                                         □ Mechanical Engineer 
                                         □ Mechanical Draftsman 
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                         □ Machinist 
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                         □ Toolmaker 
                                     
                                     
                                         □ Patternmaker 
                                         □ Heat Treatment of Metals 
                                         □ Bridge Engineer 
                                         □ Bridge and Building Foreman 
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                         □ Gas Engines 
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                         Diesel Engines 
                                     
                                     
                                         □ Aviation Engines 
                                     
                                 
                                 
                                     
                                     
                                         □ Automobile Mechanic 
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                         □ Plumbing 
                                     
                                     
                                         
                                         □ Steam Fitting 
                                     
                                     
                                         □ Heating □ Ventilation 
                                         □ Sheet Metal Worker 
                                     
                                     
                                         
                                         □ Steam Engineer 
                                     
                                     
                                         
                                         □ Civil Engineer 
                                     
                                     
                                         □ Steam Electric Engineer 
                                         □ Surveying and Mapping 
                                         □ Refrigeration 
                                         □ R. R. Locomotives 
                                         □ R. R. Soction Foreman 
                                         □ R. R. Bridge and Building Foreman 
                                     
                                 
                                 
                                     
                                     
                                         
                                         □ Air Brakes 
                                     
                                     
                                         
                                         □ R.R. Signalman 
                                     
                                     
                                         □ Highway Engineering 
                                     
                                     
                                         
                                         □ Chemistry 
                                     
                                     
                                         
                                         □ Pharmacy 
                                     
                                     
                                         □ Coal Mining Engineer 
                                     
                                     
                                         
                                         □ Navigation 
                                     
                                     
                                         
                                         □ Air Conditioning 
                                     
                                     
                                         □ Boilermaker 
                                         □ Textile Overseer or Supt. 
                                         □ Cotton Manufacturing 
                                         □ Woolen Manufacturing 
                                     
                                     
                                         
                                         □ Agriculture 
                                     
                                     
                                     
                                         □ Fruit Growing 
                                     
                                     
                                         
                                         □ Poultry Farming 
                                     
                                     
                                         
                                         □ Radio 
                                     
                                     
                                         □ Marine Engineer 
                                     
                                 
                                 
                                     BUSINESS TRAINING COURSES 
                                 
                                 
                                     
                                     □ Business Management 
                                     □ Office Management 
                                     □ Industrial Management 
                                     □ Traffic Management 
                                     □ Accountancy 
                                     □ Cost Accountant 
                                 
                                 
                                     
                                     
                                         □ C. P. Accountant 
                                         □ Bookkeeping 
                                         □ Secretarial Work 
                                     
                                     
                                         
                                         □ Spanish 
                                     
                                     
                                         
                                         □ French 
                                     
                                     
                                         □ Salesmanship 
                                         □ Advertising 
                                     
                                 
                                 
                                     
                                     
                                         □ Service Station Salesmanship 
                                         □ First Year College 
                                         □ Business Correspondence 
                                     
                                     
                                         
                                         □ Lettering Show Cards 
                                     
                                     
                                         
                                         □ Signs 
                                     
                                     
                                         □ Stenography and Typing 
                                     
                                     
                                         
                                         □ Civil Service 
                                     
                                     
                                         
                                         □ Mail Carrier 
                                     
                                 
                                 
                                     
                                     □ Railway Mail Clerk 
                                     □ Grade School Subjects 
                                     □ High School Subjects 
                                     □ College Preparatory 
                                     □ Illustrating 
                                     □ Cartooning 
                                 
                                 
                                     Name...................................................................Age.. Address.. 
                                     City...................................................State................
                                        Occupation................................................... 
                                     If you reside in Canada, tend this coupon to the International Correspondence Schools Canadian, Limited,
                                        Montreal, Canada 
                                 
                             
                         
                     
                 
                 Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements 
             
             
                 
                 
                      Vol. CXIV 
                         EVERY WEEK 
                         No. 6 
                     
                      STREET &amp; SMITH 'S  LOVE STORY MAGAZINE  
                     Title Registered U. S. Pateot Office 
                     The entire contents of this magazine are protected by copyright, and must not be reprinted without the pub-lishers'
                        permission. 
                     Yearly Subscription, $6.00 Six Months, $3.00 Single Copies,  15 Cents  
                 
                 
                     CONTENTS FOR  MARCH 
                         30 ,  1935  
                     
                         
                              CONTINUED NOVELS  
                         
                         
                             Midnight Madness 
                             Joan King 
                             37 
                         
                         
                             In Five Parts---Part Four 
                         
                         
                             Primitive Love 
                             Cordelia Snow 
                             107 
                         
                         
                             In Three Parts---Part Three 
                         
                         
                              COMPLETE STORIES  
                         
                         
                             Two in a Fog 
                             Gerry Ann Hale 
                             10 
                         
                         
                             Young And Beautiful 
                             Jo Franklin 
                             24 
                         
                         
                             Borrowed Man 
                             Jesse F. Gelders 
                             54 
                         
                         
                             Orchid Girl 
                             Paula Rockwell 
                             64 
                         
                         
                             Heartless Flirt 
                             Ives Tudor 
                             78 
                         
                         
                             Violet Eyes 
                             Ethel Le Compte 
                             93 
                         
                         
                             Musical Proposal 
                             Leslie Gordon Barnard 
                             125 
                         
                         
                              POETRY  
                         
                         
                             Winter Sale 
                             Bert Coksley 
                             23 
                         
                         
                             Enchanted Garden 
                             Franklin Pierce Carrigan 
                             53 
                         
                         
                             Love 
                             Elfria Norden 
                             92 
                         
                         
                             Coquette 
                             Doris I. Bateman 
                             124 
                         
                         
                              DEPARTMENTS  
                         
                         
                             Your Stars And You 
                             Kai 
                             135 
                         
                         
                              The Friendliest Corner 
                             Mary Morris 
                             141 
                         
                         
                             The Friend In Need 
                             Laura Alston Brown 
                             148 
                         
                     
                 
                 
                     "Too Reckless!"--Anne L. Kimball's serial, written especially for Street Smith's Love Story Magazine--begins next week. You
                        won't want to miss it. 
                 
                 
                     Publication issued every week by Street Smith Publications, Inc., 79-89 Seventh Avenue, New York, N. Y. George C. Smith, Jr.,
                        President; Ormond V. Gould, Vice President and Treasurer: Artemas Holmes. Vice President and Secretary; Clarence C. Vernam,
                        Vice President. Copyright, 1935, by Street Smith Publications, Inc., New York. Copyright, 1935, by Street Smith Publications,
                        Inc., Great Britain. Entered as Second-class Matter. April 21, 1921, at the Post Office at New York, N. Y., under Act of
                        Congress of March 3, 1879. Subscriptions to Cuba, Dom. Republic, Haiti, Spain, Central and South American Countries, except
                        The Guianas and British Honduras, $7.00 per year. To all other Foreign Countries, including The Guianas and British Honduras,
                        $9.00 per year. 
                     We do not accept responsibility for the return of unsolicited manuscripts, To facilitate handling, the author should inclose a
                        self-addressed envelope with the requisite postage attached. 
                     STREET SMITH PUBLICATIONS, INC., 79 7th AVE., NEW YORK, N. Y. 
                 
             
             
                 
                 ADVERTISING SECTION 
                 
                 
                     
                         Turn Junk Tires into Cash! 
                         Brand New Business 
                         Fully Pat'd 
                         This man is making a springy rubber mat worth $2.00 out of a Junk Tire that cost 5c 
                         Responsible men dropping everything to make sensational new Floor Mat. Simple hand machine slices old tire into strips.
                            New patented process weaves them into thick, springy, long wearing FABRIX Mats--Big demand from factories, schools, stores,
                            houses. 10c in raw material makes $2.00 mat, Think of the profit. COSTS NOTHING to get complete infor- mation showing how
                            one man in each town can es- tablish local factory and make money from the start. Investment reasonable. Write today. All
                            information is FREE 
                         FABRIX INC., Dept. 233 325 W. Huron Street, Chicago 
                     
                     
                         ANY PHOTO ENLARGED 
                         Size 8x10 inches or smaller if de-sired. Same price for full length or bust form, groups,, landscapes, pet animals, etc.,
                            or enlargements of any part of group picture. Safe return of original photo guaranteed. 
                         SEND NO MONEY Just mail photo or snapshot (any size) and within a week you will receive your beautiful life-like
                            enlargement, guaranteed fadeless. Pay postman 47c plus postage - or send 49c with order and we pay postage. Big 16X20-inch
                            enlargement sent C. O. D. 78c plus postage or 80c and we pay postage. Take advantage of this amazing offer now. Send your
                            photos today. Specify size wanted. 
                         STANDARD ART STUDIOS, 104 S. Jefferson St. Dept. 765 C Chicago 
                         
                         Old Money Wanted 
                         $2000.00 for 1c 
                         We pay the world's highest prices for old coins, encased postage stamps and paper money. Large Copper Cents up to $2000.00
                            each, Half Cents $250.00, Indian Head Cents $50.00, 1909 Cent $10.00, Half Dimes $150.00, 25c before 1873 $3OO.OO, 50c
                            before 1879 $750.00, Silver Dol- lars before 1874 $2500.00, Gold dollars : $1000.00, Trade dollars $250.00, 1822 $5.00
                            Gold Piece $5000.00, Old Paper Money $26.00, Encased postage stamps $12.00, Cer- tain Foreign Coins $150.00 etc. Don't
                            Wait! Send Dime Today for : our large illustrated list. 
                         ROMANO'S COIN SHOP 
                         Dept. 479, Springfield, Mass. 
                     
                     
                         REMINGTON PORTABLE ONLY 10c A Day 
                         Buy this beautiful brand new Rem-ington Portable No. 5 direct from the factory for only 10c a day! Standard 4-row
                            keyboard, standard width carriage, mar- gin release on keyboard, back spacer, automatic ribbon reverse--every essential
                            feature found in standard typewriters! Car-rying case and typing course free. Special 10~day free trial offer. You don't
                            risk a cent! Write Remington Rand Inc., Dept. 108-3, Buffalo, N. Y. Don't delay, Act N O W ! 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Checks Coming in Regularly 
                         "The checks have been coming my way regularly and average more than $150 apiece.* I owe all of my success to - N. I. A.
                            Copy-Desk training and wouldn't sell the working knowledge it gave me for one million dollars because to be able to write
                            sal- able material thrills me beyond Words." MRS. VIOLET J. BOSTIC 183 Second St., Idaho Falls, Idaho. 
                         In a letter dated January 7, 1935, Mrs, Bostic says, "I have just had another story accepted by True Detective Mysteries.
                            My first check in the New Year, for $181.52." 
                         How do you know you can't WRITE? 
                         Have you ever tried? 
                         Have you ever attempted even the least bit or training, under competent guidance? 
                         Or have you been sitting back, as it is so easy to do, waiting for the day to come some time when you will awaken, all of
                            a sudden, to the discovery, "I am a writer"? If the latter course is the one of your choosing, you probably never will
                            write. Lawyers must be law clerks. Doctors must be internes. Engineers must be draftsmen. We all know that, in our times,
                            the egg does come before the chicken. 
                         It is seldom that any one becomes a writer until he (or she) has been writing for some time. That is why so many authors
                            and writers spring up out of the newspaper business. The day-to-day necessity of writing--of gathering material about which
                            to write --develops their talent, their background and their confidence as nothing else could. That is why the Newspaper
                            Institute of America bases its writing instruction on journalism--con- tinuous writing--the training that has produced so
                            many successful authors. 
                         Learn to write by writing 
                         NEWSPAPER Institute training is based on the New York Copy-Desk Method. It starts and keeps you writing in your own home,
                            on your own time. Week by week you receive actual assignments, just as if you were right at work on a great metropolitan
                            daily. Your writing is individually corrected and constructively criticized. A group of men, whose combined newspaper
                            experience totals more than 200 years, are responsible for this instruction. Un-der such sympathetic guidance, you will
                            find that (instead of vainly trying to copy some one else's writing tricks) you are rapidly developing your own
                            distinctive, self-flavored style--undergoing an experience that has a thrill to it and which at the same time de- velops in
                            you the power to make your feelings articulate. Many people who should be writing become awe-struck by fabulous stories
                            about millionaire authors and, therefore, give little thought to the $25, $50 and $100 or more that can often be earned
                            for ma- terial that takes little time to write--stories, articles on business, fads, travels, sports, recipes, etc.--things
                            that can easily be turned out in leisure hours, and often on the impulse of the moment. 
                         How you start 
                         We have prepared a unique Writing Aptitude Test. This tells you whether you possess the fundamental qualities necessary to
                            successful writing--acute observation, dramatic instinct, creative imagination, etc. You'll enjoy taking this test. The
                            coupon will bring it, without obligation. Newspaper Institute Of America, 1776 Broadway, New York. 
                         
                             
                                 Newspaper Institute of America 
                                 1776 Broadway, New York 
                                 Send me, without cost or obligation, your Writing Apti-tude Test and further information about writing for
                                    profit. 
                                 Mr. 
                                 Mrs. 
                                 Miss 
                                 Address............ 
                                 (AU correspondence confidential. No salesmen will call on you.) 36C365 
                             
                         
                     
                 
                 Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements 
             
             
                 
                 ADVERTISING SECTION 
                 
                     
                     
                         TRAIN FOR ELECTRICITY IN 12 WEEKS AT COYNE 
                         The great Coyne Shops in Chicago have a world-wide rep-utation. for training men here in Chicago in this big-pay field in
                            only 12 weeks. Then they get behind you to help you to success by giving you lifetime employment service. By my new plan
                            YOU can take advantage of their won- derful method of learning-by-doing NOW--no need to lose time and money while you
                            strive and save to raise the necessary tuition. 
                         I will finance YOUR TRAINING 
                         Come to Coyne at once. Get your training. Then start paying me for your training a full two months after yon graduate, and
                            take a full ten months to complete your payments. If you will write to me at once I will send you com-plete details of
                            this sensational new plan, together with the BIG FREE illustrated Book telling all about COYNE and how many earn while
                            learning and the train- ing you can get there without book study 0 A or useless theory. 
                         H.C. Lewis President 
                         
                             
                                 SEND NOW FOR FULL DETAILS! 
                                  Mr. H. C. Lewis, President Dept. 35-45, 500 S. Paulina St. Chicago, Ill. 
                                 Tell me how you will finance my training at COYNE and send me the BIG FREE illustrated book on ELECTRICITY. 
                                 NAME.... 
                                 ADDRESS.. 
                                 CITY...... STATE.... 
                             
                         
                     
                     
                         WARNINGS OF PROSTATE TROUBLE 
                         Nervous Debility, Frequent Night Rising, Leg Pains; Lame Back, Lumbago, Kidney and Bladder Trouble, Chronic Constipation,
                            Despondency, Restlessness at Night are only some of the ailments, differing in individuals, that can often be ascribed to
                            lesion of the Prostate Gland. 
                         THOUSANDS AFFLICTED 
                         Thousands of men in every community suffer from these ailments, weaknesses and other physical short- comings without
                            knowing that very frequently they are caused by prostatic failure. 
                         MANY DOCTORS ENDORSE MASSAGE 
                         Massaging for the alleviation of Prostate Trouble ia as old as time, and some of the most outstanding authorities in the
                            medical profession recommend massage as a safe effective treatment. (See Reference Book of the Medical Sciences, Vol. VII,
                            3rd Edition.) 
                         USE "PROSAGER" 
                         --a new invention which enables any man to massage his Prostate Gland in the privacy of his home. It often brings relief
                            with the first treatment and must help or it costs you nothing. No Drugs or Electricity. 
                         DR. W. D. Smith Inventor 
                         UNSOLICITED LETTERS OF GRATITUDE 
                         Each month we receive scores of un-solicited letters of gratitude and ap- preciation from users of the Prosagerdr.
                            solicited letters of gratitude from users of Prosager --having thousands of users we no doubt can refer Prostate Sufferers
                            to someone in their own home town who are enthusiastic in their praise of the remarkable benefits received. 
                         FREE BOOKLET EXPLAINS TRIAL OFFER 
                         A one cent post card with your name and address plainly written is all that is necessary, address card to 
                         midwest products CO. B-300 KALAMAZOO, MICH. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Those EMBARRASSING MOMENTS When you're not sure you've said or done the proper thing ... you'd give anything to be sure,
                            wouldn't you? 
                         Laura Alston Brown in her book on SOCIAL GRACES tells you how to conduct yourself at all times. 
                         Follow the advice off an Expert. Get.... 
                         The BOOK of ETIQUETTE Order by Mail CHELSEA HOUSE 79 Seventh Ave., New Yorlc City 
                         60c POSTAGE PREPAID 
                     
                 
                 Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements 
             
             
                 
                 ADVERTISING SECTION 
                 
                     
                     
                         SAVE ON TIRES New Low Prices! 
                         ATLAS SAVED US 50% ON OUR TIRES 
                         AND THEY ARE GUARANTEED FOR A WHOLE YEAR! 
                         12 Month Written Guaranty Bond with earch tire 
                         Dealers Wanted $2.15 29X4.40-21 
                         Good Year 
                         Firestone-Goodrich U.S. and others 
                         ATLAS super values 
                         This old reliable company, is first choice with thousands of motorists who demand highest quality at lowest cost. Actual
                            tests on rough-est roads prove that standard brand tires recon-stucted by the scientific Atlas process deliver 50 to60%
                            more service. Order today, save money. 
                         
                             
                             BALLOON TIRES 
                             Size Rim Tires Tubes 
                             29x4.40-21 $2.15 $0.85 
                             29x4.50-20 2.35 0.85 
                             30x4.50-21 2.40 0.85 
                             28x4.75-19 2.45 0.95 
                             29x4.75-20 2.50 0.95 
                             29x5.00-19 2.85 1.05 
                             30x5.00-20 2.85 1.05 
                             28x5.25-18 2.90 1.15 
                             29x5.25-19 2.95 1.15 
                             30x6.25-20 2.95 1.15 
                             31x6.25-21 3.25 1.15 
                             28x5.50-18 3.35 1.15 
                             29x5.50-19 3.35 1.15 
                             30x6.00-18 3.40 1.15 
                             31x6.00-19 3.40 1.15 
                             32x6.00-20 3.45 1.15 
                             33x6.00-21 3.65 1.25 
                             32x6.50-20 3.75 1.35 
                             TRUCK BALLOONS 
                             Size Tire Tubes 
                             6.00-20 $3.75 $1.65 
                             6.50-20 4.45 1.95 
                             7.00-20 5.95 2.95 
                             7.50-20 6.95 3.75 
                             8.25-20 8.95 4.95 
                             9.00-20 10.95 5.65 
                             9.75-20 13.95 6.45 
                         

                         
                             
                             TRUCK TIRES 
                             Size Tires Tubes 
                             30x5 $4.25 $1.95 
                             33x5 3.75 1.45 
                             32x6 7.95 2.75 
                             36x6 9.95 3.95 
                             34x7 10.95 3.95 
                             38x7 10.95 3.95 
                             36x8 12.45 4.25 
                             40x8 15.95 4.95 
                             REG. CORD TIRES 
                             Size Tires Tubes 
                             30x3 $2.25 $0.65 
                             30x3 1/2 2.35 0.75 
                             31x4 2.95 0.85 
                             32x4 2.95 0.85 
                             33x4 2.95 0.85 
                             32x4 1/2 3.35 1.15 
                             33X4 1/2 3.45 1.15 
                             34x4 1/2 3.45 1.15 
                             30x5 3.65 1.35 
                             33x5 3.75 1.45 

                             -All Other Sizes - 
                             ALL TUBES NEW GUARANTEED Circular molded, finest heavygauge heatresisting rubber 
                             Orders filled promptly 
                             Send $1.00 Deposit with each tire ordered ($4-00 deposit on each track tire). -Balance C.O.D. If you send cash in full
                                deduct 5%. Year'n service guaranteed, or replacement at 1/2 price. Order today. 
                             ATLAS TIRE St RUBBER CO., Dept., 17-C 6250 52 SOUTH MORGAN STREET, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 
                         
                     
                     
                         Follow This Man 
                         Operator No. 34 
                         Secret Service Operator No. 33 is on the Job! Running down dangerous Counterfeit Gang. Tell-tale finger prints in murdered
                            girl's room. 
                         Free 
                         The Confidential Report Operator No. 33 made - to his chief. Writs for us. 
                         Earn a Regular Monthy Salary 
                         YOU can become a Finger Print Expert at home, in your spare time, at small cost. Write for con- fidental full report and
                            details. Literature will NOT be sent to boys-under 17 years of age. 
                         INSTITUTE OF APPLIED SCIENCE 
                         1920 Sunnyside Ave. Dept. 27-73 Chicago, Ill. 
                     
                     
                         HAVE A NEW SKIN! 
                         Pimples 
                         Blackheads 
                         Coarse Pores 
                         Freckles, Blotches, Wrinkles-Vanish! With [Bie ished] Outer Skin 
                         IN 3 DAYS 
                         Read this Free Offer --and learn that -what was considered impossible before--the re- moval of pimples, blackheads,
                            freckles, tan, oily skin, large pores, wrinkles and other defects in the outer skin---can now be done harmlessly and
                            economically at home in three days' time, as stated by legions of men and women, young and old. It is all explained in a
                            new free treatise called 
                         "BEAUTIFUL NEW SKIN IN 3 DAYS" 
                         which is being mailed absolutely free to readers of this paper. So worry no more over your humiliating skin -and
                            complexion or signs of aging if your outer skin looks soiled and-worn. Simply send your name and address to MARVO BEAUTY
                            LABORATORIES. Dept. 381-C, No. 1700 Broadway, New York, N. Y., and you will receive this new treatise by return mail in
                            plain wrapper, postpaid and-abso- lutely free. If pleased, tell friends. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Make me PROVE that it's EASY to learn at home to fill a GOOD JOB in RADIO 
                         GET MY FREE SAMPLE LESSON 
                         Mail Coupon 
                         Set Servicing 
                         Spare time set servic-ing pays many N, R. I. men $200 to $1,000 a year. Full time men make as much as $40, $60, $75 a
                            week. 
                         Broadcasting Stations 
                         Employ trained men continually for jobs paying up to $5,000 a year. 
                         Loud Speaker Systems Installation 
                         and serv- ice work is another growing money mak- ing field for Radio trained men. 
                         Clip the coupon and mail it. I'm so sure that I can train you at home in your spare time for a good job in Radio that I'll
                            send you my first lesson free. Examine it, read it, see how clear and easy it is to under- stand. Then you will know why
                            many men with less than a grammar school education and no technical experience have become Radio Experts and are earning
                            two to three times their former pay as a result of my training. 
                         Many Radio Experts make $40, $60, $75 a week 
                         In less than 15 years, the Radio Industry has-grown from a few million to hundreds of millions of dollars. Over 300,000
                            jobs have been created by this growth and thousands more will be created by its continued development. Many men and young
                            men with the right training--the kind of training I give you in the N. R. I. Course--have stepped into Radio at two and
                            three times their former salaries. 
                         Get Ready Now for Jobs Like These 
                         Broadcasting stations use engineers, operators, sta- tion managers and pay up to $5,000 a year. Manufac- turers
                            continually employ testers, inspectors, fore- men, engineers, servicemcn, buyers, for jobs paying up to $7,500 a-year.
                            Radio operators on ships enjoy life, see the world, with board and lodging freehand got good pay besides. Dealers and
                            jobbers employ servicemen, salesmen, buyers, managers, and pay up to $100 a week. My book tells you about these and many
                            other interesting Radio jobs. There's opportu- nity for you in Radio. Its future is certain. Televi- sion, short wave,
                            loud speaker systems, police-Radio, automobile Radio, aviation Radio-- in every branch, de- velopments and improvements are
                            taking place. 
                         Many make $3, $10, $15 a Week Extra in Spare Time While Learning 
                         The day yon enroll I start sending you Extra Money Job Sheets which quickly show you how to do Radio repair jobs common in
                            most every neighborhood. Throughout your training, I send you information for servicing popular makes of sets! I give you
                            plans and ideas that have made good spare time money--$200 to $1000 a year--for hundreds of fellows. My course is famous as
                            "The Course that pays for itself." 
                         Free 64-Page Book of Facts 
                         Mail the coupon now. In addition to the sample lesson, I send my book, "Rich Rewards in Radio." It tells you about the
                            opportunities in Radio; tells you about my Course, what others who have taken it are doing and making. This offer is free
                            to any ambitious fellow over 15 years old. Find out what Radio offers you without the slightest obligation. Mail Coupon in
                            an envelope or paste it on a penny post card. ACT NOW! 
                         J.E. SMITH, President 
                         National Radio Institute, Dept. 5CD 
                         Washington. D. C. 
                         
                             
                                 MAIL NOW FOR FREE PROOF 
                                 J. E. SMITH, President National Radio Institute, Dept. 5CD Washington, D. C. 
                                 I want to take advantage of your offer. Send me your Free Sample Lesson and your book, "Rich Rewards In Radio." I
                                    understand this request does not obligate me. 
                                 (Please print plainly.) 
                                 NAME.......... AGE...... 
                                 ADDRESS .......................... 
                                 CITY.,................ STATE...... 
                                 "R" 
                             
                         
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 ADVERTISING SECTION 
                 
                     Help Your Kidneys Don't Take Drastic Drugs 
                     You have 9 million tiny tubes or filters in your kidneys, which are at work night and day cleaning out Acids and poisonous
                        wastes and purifying your blood, which circulates through your kidneys 200 times an hour. So it's no wonder that poorly
                        functioning Kidneys may be the real cause of feeling tired, run-down, nervous, Getting Up Nights, Rheumatic Pains and other
                        troubles. 
                     Nearly everyone is likely to suffer from poorly functioning Kidneys at times because modern foods and drinks, weather changes,
                        exposure, colds, nervous strain, worry and over-work often place an extra heavy load on the Kidneys. 
                     But when your Kidneys need help, don't take chances with drastic or irritating drugs. Be careful. If poorly functioning
                        Kidneys or Bladder make you suffer from Get-ting Up Nights, Leg Pains, Nervousness, Stiffness, Burning, Smarting, Itching
                        Acidity, Rheumatic Pains, Lumbago, Loss of Vitality, Dark Circles under the eyes, or Dizziness, don't waste a minute. Try the
                        Doctor's prescription Cystex (pro- nounced Siss-tex). See for yourself the amazing quickness with which it soothes, tones and
                        cleans raw, sore irritated membranes. 
                     Cystex is a remarkably successful prescription for poorly functioning Kidneys and Bladder. It is helping millions of
                        sufferers, and many say that in just a day or so it helped them sleep like a baby, brought new strength and energy, eased
                        rheumatic pains and stiffness--made them feel years younger. Cystex is swift, safe and sure in action. It helps the Kidneys in
                        their work of cleaning out the blood and removing poisonous acids and wastes in the system. Cystex is a scientifically
                        prepared prescription and your doctor or druggist can tell you it does not contain any dopes, narcotics or habit-forming
                        drugs. The formula is in every package. 
                     Because of its amazing and almost world- wide success, the Doctor's Prescription known as Cystex, (pronounced Siss-tex) is
                        offered to sufferers of poor Kidney and Blad- der functions under the fair-play guarantee to fix you up to your complete
                        satisfaction or money back on return of empty pack- age. It's only 3c a dose. Ask your druggist for Cystex today and see,for
                        yourself how much younger, stronger and better you can feel by simply clean- ing out your Kidneys. Cystex must do the work or
                        cost you nothing. 
                     City Health Doctor Praises Cystex 
                     Dr. W.R. George 
                     Doctors and druggists everywhere approve of the prescription Cystex because of its splendid ingredients and quick action. For
                        instance, Dr. W. R. George, graduate Medical Dept., University of Indiana, former Health Commissioner of Indianapolis, and
                        Medical Di- rector for insurance company 10 year, recently wrote the following letter: 
                     "There is little question but what properly func- tioning Kidney and Bladder organs are vital to tbe health. Insufficient
                        Kidney excretions are the cause of much needless suffering with aching back, weakness, painful joints and rheumatic pains,
                        headaches and a general run-down, exhausted body. This condition also interferes with normal rest at night by causing the
                        sufferer to rise frequently for relief, and results in painful excretion, itching, smarting and burning. I am of the opinion
                        that Cystex definitely corrects frequent causes (poor kidney functions) of such conditions and I have actually prescribed in
                        my own practice for many years past the same ingredients contained in your formula. Cystex not only exerts a splendid in-
                        fluence in flushing poisons from the urinary tract, but also has an antiseptic action and assists in freeing the blood of
                        retained toxins. Believing as I do that so meritorious a product deserves the endorsement of the Medical Profession, I am
                        happy indeed to lend my name and photograph for your use in advertising Cystex." Signed W. R. George, M. D. 
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Stamp Collecting 
                         The hobby of Pres. Roosevelt, Kings and Statesmen. The most absorbing, entertaining, educational of all pastimes. Our
                            illustrated booklet, pocked with useful information for advanced collector[s] as well as beginners, mailed free, together
                            with 15 desirable 19th Century stamps and new magazine "Stamp Loro" containing contest with free prizes for 10c postage.
                            Send for it today. 
                         GLOBUS STAMP COMPANY 268-4th Ave., Dept. 130, New York, N. Y. 
                     
                     
                         BALD MEN! 
                         WAKE UP YOUR DORMANT HAIR ROOTS! 
                         If your hair roots are not dead but merely dormant, give-your scalp a chance by stimulating the hair roots with Japanese
                            Oil, the anti- septic counter-irritant. Thousands have reported astonishing results. Many who had given up in despair
                            turned to Japanese Oil as a last resort, and have been rewarded with hair growth. You owe it to yourself to try this
                            highly successful preparation. You'll be amazed at the way it removes loose dandruff, stops scalp itch and helps promote
                            new, strong, healthy- growth. 6c a bottle at any druggist in America. (Economy size $1). 
                         FREE: Valuable book, "The Truth A boot the Hair." Write National Remedy Co., 60 W. 45th St., Dept. 54A, New York. 
                         JAPANESE OIL 
                         This advertisement was reviewed and approved by a registered physician 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         PILES 
                         DON'T BE CUT Until You Try This Wonderful Treatment for pile suffering. If you have piles in any form write for a FREE
                            sample of Page's Pile Tablets and you will bless the day that you read this. Write today. E. R. Page Co., 2315-P Page
                            Bldg., Marshall, Mich. 
                     
                     
                         Up-to-the-Minute Fiction 
                         AINSLEE'S Magazine 
                         It's a STREET SMITH Publication 
                         All News Stands 15c 
                     
                     
                         GOOD LIQUOR 5th the price Bonded Goods 
                         AGED-IN-WOOD WHISKEY FLAVOR 
                         One Jar of Oakroma, one gallon tax-paid alcohol, one gallon water makes two gallons 95 proof finest Bourbon flavored
                            Liquor. New Discovery of roasted Bourbon Oak Chips and special whiskey flavors gives Aged-in-Wood Whiskey taste overnight.
                            No harshness, but smooth, mellow and fine whiskey bouquet and color. Over 50,000 satisfied users. Everyone wants Oakroma.
                            Today's Biggest Seller. Over 300% profit. Salesmen-Agents making Big Money. 
                         FREE-- Write for Free No-Risk Trial and Master Sales Plan.--HOME MFG. CO., Dept. 3263, 18 E. Kinzie St., Chicago,
                            Ill. 
                         Offered for sale only in compliance with all State and Federal Laws. 
                     
                 
                 Please mention, this magazine when answering advertisements 
             
             
                 
                 ADVERTISING SECTION 
                 
                     
                     
                         ASTHMA WAS CHOKING HER 
                         Got Immediate Relief! 
                         Seventeen Years Later- "still Enjoying Splendid Health" 
                         December 8, 1916.--"I had asthma for 17 years. I coughed most of the time and couldn't rest, day or night. I tried every-
                            thing, but grew so weak I could hardly walk across the room. After taking one bottle of Nacor, I could do most of my
                            housework. That was 8 years ago. I am still feeling fine, with no sign of asthma."--Mrs. Mary Bean, R. 3, Nashua,
                            Iowa. 
                         July 31, 1933--"I continue in good health and am still praising Nacor. I have no signs of asthma."--Mrs. Mary Bean. 
                         FREE--No need to suffer asthma torture when blessed relief can be yours. For years Kacor has helped thousands. Their
                            letters and booklet of vital information sent FREE. Write- Nacor Medicine Co., 638 State Life Bldg., Indianapolis. 
                     
                     
                         GET RID OF YOUR FAT 
                         Free Trial Treatment 
                         sent on request. ARREN TABLETS have helped to reduce thousands of persons without starvation diet or burdensome exercise,
                            often at a rapid rate. Let us send you proof at our expense. 
                         ARREN PRODUCTS CO., INC. Desk B-71, 307 5th Ave, New York 
                     
                     
                         WE BUY PENNIES 
                         Send 10c or Coin Catalog and receive FREE, latest Buying List for used and un-used Stamps. 
                         Will pay up to $53 for certain Indian head pennies. Up to $2 for certain Lincoln heads. Up to $100 for certain nickels.
                            Other rare coins up to $2500. Save all Old money. Also stamps. May be worth a fortune. Send dime (coin) for complete large
                            size Buying Catalog. 
                         COIN COLLECTORS CLUB 
                         DG-700 East 63rd St., Chicago, Ill. 
                     
                     
                         STOP Your Rupture Worries! 
                         C.E. Brooks. Inventor 
                         Why worry and suffer with that rupture any longer? Learn about my perfected invention. It has brought ease, comfort and
                            happiness to thousands by assisting in relieving and curing many cases of reducible hernia. It has Automatic Air Cushions
                            which bind and draw the broken parts together as you would a broken limb. No ob-noxious srpings or pads. No salves or
                            plasters. Durable, Sent on trial to prove it. Beware of imitations. Never sold in stores nor by agents. Write today for
                            full information sent free in plain, sealed envelope. 
                         H. C. BROOKS, 155 State St., Marshall Michigan 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         BIG HUSKY MUSCLES ONLY 
                         AMAZING NEW 25 FFEATURE 
                         America's Greatest Value $2.99 Complete Send no Money 
                         Wall Exerciser 
                         Shadow Boxer 
                         Home Gym Outfit and Training Course 
                         You save over half on this amazing course of physical cutlure. Big Husky "Hercules" 10 Cable Muscle Builder Exerctoor, 200
                            Lbs. Restistance (Adjustable). Two Heavy Duty Hand Grips for husky wrists and forearms. Wall Ap-paratus Exerctoor for back
                            and shoulder development. Hoad Harness (adjustable) and Foot Gear. Rowing Ma-chine Attachments. Regulation HEavy Ship
                            Rope. The Groat Showdow Boxer. Completely Illustrated Course "HOW TO GET STRONG". Hand Balancing Tricks. Food Facts for
                            Vitailty and Power. Illustrated Secrets of Jiu-Jitsu. 20 Famous Wrestling Holds. Regular course "HOW TO BOX". 10 Feats of
                            Strength. Speacial WAys to Get Big Biceps. How to Strengthen Your Back, Test Your Own Strength. Secrets of Chest
                            Expansion. How to Strengthen Stomach Muscles. New Powe for Your Legs and Thighs. "For Men Only." facts you should know.
                            Stirrup Exercises for Husky Legs. Muscle Gauge. Special "30 Day Training Schedule" that tells you what to do each day. All
                            This-- For Only $2.99, Act quickly before offer expires. Send your name and address. We'll ship every-thing out by return
                            mail. Pay postman only $2.99 plus postal charges. Outside U.S. cash with order. 
                         HERCULES EXERCISES 
                         49 East 21st St. Dept. C-13 
                         New York, N.Y. I.P.D. Inc. 
                         rowing machine 
                         30 Day Training 
                         How to Get STrong 
                         For Men Only 
                         
                          NEW DEAL Government Jobs 
                         $1260 to $2100 Year to Start 
                         Men-Women-18 to 50 
                         Many Spring examinations expected 
                         Mail Coupon Today-- Suro 
                         
                             
                                 Coupon 
                                 FRANKLIN INSTITUT[E] Dept. N 196, Rochester, N. Y. 
                                 Gentlemen: Rush FREE list of U.S. Government big pay steady positions. Send FREE 32-page book describing salaries,
                                    hours, work, and giving full particulars telling how to get a position. 
                                 Name 
                                 Address 
                             
                         
                     
                 
                 Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements 
             
             
                 
                 ADVERTISING SECTION 
                 
                     
                     
                         SPECIAL OFFER! 
                         Guaranteed Underwood 
                         Yours for 10c a Day 
                         No Money Down 
                         Sent on lO DAY FREE Trial 
                         $100.00 Moddel Only $39.90 
                         Positively the greatest bargain ever offered. A genuine full sized office model Underwood No. 5 for only $39.90 (cash) or
                            on easy terms. Has up-to-date im- provements including standard 4 row keyboard, backspacer, automatic ribbon reverse,
                            shiftlock key, 2-color ribbon, etc. The perfect all purpose typewriter. Completely rebuilt and FULLY GUARANTEED. Lowest
                            Terms--10c a Day. 
                         Classified Learn Touch Typewriting 
                         Complete (Home Study) Course of the Famous Van Sant Speed Typewriting System -- fully il-lustrated, easily learned, given
                            during this offer. 
                         Money-Back Guarantee 
                         Send coupon for 10-day Trial -- if you decide to keep it pay only $3.00 a month until $44.90 (term price) is paid. Limited
                            offer--act at once. 
                         
                             
                                 INTERNATIONAL TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE 
                                  231 West Monroe St., Chicago, Ill., Dept. 312 
                                 Send Underwood No. 5 (F. O. B. Chicago) at not perfectly satisfied I can return it express----- $3.00a month until
                                    I have paid $44.90 (term price) in full. 
                                 Name ...........................................Age. 
                                 Address............................Town...............................State...... 
                             
                         
                     
                     
                         A Test Every Man Past 40 Should Make! 
                         MEDICAL authorities now say that mil- lions of men over 40 suffer from dis- order of one of the most important male
                            glands--the prostate. After age 5O, says one important writer, the chances are 2 to 1 that you have some prostate
                            derangement. 
                         This, gland disorder is seldom mentioned, by laymen, but millions will recognize the symptoms. When prostate "hypertrophy"
                            is present the victim, usually suffers broken sleep --he has to get up 2 to 10 times a night; he has other "bladder"
                            symptoms: frequently com- plains of aching feet, legs and back; and often suffers unexplained "blues" and loss of strength
                            and ambition. 
                         If you are suffering from this gland weakness you should write at once for the sensational book "Why Many Men Are Old At
                            40." It is now being given away, free, by the institution which recently perfect a marvelously simple drugless relief for
                            this gland disorder. This method, called Thermalaid, has already been tested by over 100,000 men. Thousands upon thousands
                            have already written grateful letters describing their quick and often seemingly permanent relief from prostate
                            symptoms. 
                         Do not hesitate. Send for this book now. You will also learn of a generous test offer now being made by the manufacturer
                            of Thermalaid, to prostate gland sufferers. This test will prove the merit of Thermalaid in seven days, or you pay
                            nothing! No obligation--just write today to W. J. Kirk, President, The Electro Thermal Company, 7687 Morris Ave.,
                            Steubenville, Ohio. Western Address: Dept. 76-U. 500 Wm. Fox Bldg., Los Angeles, Calif. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Classified Advertising 
                     
                     
                         Typewriters 
                     
                     
                         TYPEWRITER BARGAINS--Save over 1/2 Manufacturer's origi- nal price. Genuine Underwood, Royal, L. C. Smith, etc., only 10c a
                            day on easy payment plan. Standard office models--full keyboard --modern features--fully Guaranteed--completely refinished.
                            Free catalogue brings full description and details of 10-day trial and easy payment plan. Send for catalogue.
                            International Typewriter Exchange, 231 W. Monroe St., Dept. A-312, Chicago. 
                     
                     
                         Old Money 
                     
                     
                         Wanted OLD MONET WANTED. $5.00 to $2500.00 each paid for old coins. Buying catalogue 10c. Bob Cohen, Muskogee, Okla. 
                     
                     
                         OLD MONEY WANTED. Will pay $100.00 for 1894 Dime, S. Mint., $50.00 for 1913 Liberty Head Nickel (not Buffalo). I pay big
                            premiums for rare coins. Send 4c for Large Coin Folder. May mean much profit to you. B. Max Mehl, 440 Mehl Bldg., Fort
                            Worth, Texas 
                     
                     
                         Detectives--Instructions 
                     
                     
                         DETECTIVES EARN BIG MONEY. Work home or travel. DETECTIVE particulars free. Experience, unnecessary. Write, GEORGE
                            WAGONER, 2640-A Broadway, New York. 
                     
                     
                         Patents Secured 
                     
                     
                         PATENTS--Reasonable terms. Book and advice free. L. - F. Randolph, Dept. 513, Washington, D. C. 
                     
                     
                         Agents Wanted 
                     
                     
                         AGENTS: Smash go prices. Santos Coffee 12c lb. 4-oz Vanilla 8 1/2c. $1.00 size Tonic 14c. Razor-Blades 10 Jot 8 1/2c. 100
                            sticks Chewing Gum 12c. 150 other bargains. Experience unnecessary. Write Carnation Company, SR, St. Louis. Missouri. 
                     
                     
                         $6 PROFIT ON EVERY $-- SALE. Forceful, dramatic, copy- righted selling or "Proven Profit Plans" manual sells amazing new
                            $3,000.00 Life and Accident Certificate for you. Merely write application and pocket profit. Rush name, age, address and
                            name of beneficiary for your own free Certificate and full supplies. Hurry. American Aid Society, Dept. 612, Willow Hill,
                            Ill. 
                     
                     
                         Salesmen 
                     
                     
                         DISTRIBUTOR-SALESMAN--to call on stores, restaurants, gro- ceries. Place counter cards--daily used products. Routes Pay up
                            to $65 weekly. No investment. Get free Sample. Layman, Dept. 3845, Spencer, Ind. 
                     
                     
                         Personal 
                     
                     
                         SELL US YOUR OLD COINS: Up to $53.00 Paid for Indian head pennies. To $2.00 for Lincoln pennies. Certain nickels $100.00.
                            Other coins to $2500.00. Send 10c for buying catalog. Coin Collectors Club, 401-BL, 700 East 63rd, Chicago. 
                     
                     
                         UP TO $25.00 PAID FOR SNAPSHOTS, Photos, Amateur Draw- ings. We help you market your pictures. Publications alone buy more
                            than seven million pictures yearly. Advertisers buy other millions. Send 20c for list of subjects wanted. Artistographers,
                            401-BL Bedford Bldg., Chicago. 
                     
                 
                 Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements 
             
             
                 
                 ADVERTISING SECTION 
                 
                     
                     
                         NEW LOWEST PRICES ON TIRES 
                         Good Year 
                         Firestone 
                         Goodrich U.S. and Others 
                         These Tires Sure Do Look Good 
                         Yes and The York Guaranty Bond Protects You 
                         12 Month Written- Guaranty Bond with each tire 
                         TIRE USERS by the thousands all over the U.S.A. vouch for the LONG, HARD SERVICE, under severest road conditions of our
                            standard brand Tires reconstructed by the ORIGINAL SECRET YORK PROCESS. OUR 18 YEARS IN BUSINESS make it possible to offer
                            tires at LOWEST PRICES In history with 12 month guarantee. Don't delay--order today. 
                         
                             
                             BALLOON TIRES 
                             Size Rim Tires Tubes 
                             29x4.40-21 $2.15 $0.85 
                             29x4.50-20 2.35 0.85 
                             30x4.50-21 2.40 0.85 
                             28x4.75-19 2.45 0.95 
                             29x4.75-20 2.50 0.95 
                             29x5.00-19 2.85 1.05 
                             30x5.00-20 2.85 1.05 
                             28x5.25-18 2.90 1.15 
                             29x5.25-19 2.95 1.15 
                             30x5.25-20 2.95 1.15 
                             31x5.25-21 3.25 1.15 
                             28x5.50-18 3.35 1.15 
                             29x5.50-19 3.35 1.15 
                             30x6.00-18 3.40 1.15 
                             31x6.00-19 3.40 1.15 
                             32x6.00-20 3.45 1.15 
                             33x6.00-21 3.65 1.25 
                             32x6.50-20 3.75 1.35 
                             Dealers Wanted 
                         
                         
                             
                             REGULAR CORD TIRES 
                             Size Tires Tubes 
                             30x3 $2.25 $0.65 
                             30x3 1/2 2.35 0.75 
                             31x4 2.95 0.85 
                             32x4 2.95 0.85 
                             33x4 2.95 0.85 
                             34x4 3.25 0.85 
                             32x4 1/2 3.35 1.15 
                             33x4 1/2 3.45 1.15 
                             34x4 1/2 3.45 1.15 
                             30x5 3.65 1.35 
                             33x5 3.75 1.45 
                             35x5 3.95 1.55 
                             HEAVY DUTY TRUCK TIRES 
                             Size Tires Tubes 
                             30x5 $4.25 $1.95 
                             33x5 3.75 1.45 
                             34x5 4.25 2.00 
                             32x6 7.95 2.75 
                             36x6 9.95 3.95 
                             34x7 10.95 3.95 
                             36x8 12.45 4.25 
                             40x8 15.95 4.95 
                             All Other Sizes 
                             Send $1.00 Deposit with each tire ordered ($4-00 deposit on each track tire). -Balance C.O.D. If you send cash in full
                                deduct 5%. Year'n service guaranteed, or replacement at 1/2 price. Order today. 
                             All Tubes Brand New--Guaranteed. 
                             Tires failing to give 12 months' service replaced at half price. ORDER NOW! 
                             YORK TIRE &amp; RUBBER COMPANY, Dept. 2542 
                             3655-59 Cottage Grove Avenue Chicago, Illinois 
                         
                     
                     
                         ACTUAL PHOTOGRAPHS FOR YOUR ALBUM 
                         Most amazing ever taken throughout the world. Lynching, Hindu cremation, Foreign Legion firing squad, shipwreck, animal
                            sacri- fice, airplane crack-up and etc. Series of 15, $1.00. W. H. Reith, Box 430, 25 South St., New York, N. Y. 
                     
                     
                         PYORRHEA 
                         Sure Relief Quicker Action 
                         TRIPLE FORMULA--A9-B17-C54 does what no other method will do 
                         Triple Threatment $3 Complete 
                         Despair no longer. Here is the very Triple Formula method used with success by Famous European dentist surgeons in
                            thosuands and thousands of cases. Now available in America. No sufferer of Pyorrhea and Embarrassing Mouth Odor shoald be
                            another day without the blessed relief and definite expectation of cure that Triple Formula A9-B17- C54 brings-- and on an
                            absolote guaranty basis. The complete Triple Formula consists of A-9 Concentrated AppHen- tion Liquid, B- 17 Highly
                            Antiseptic Wash and C-54 Special Mediented Dentifrice. it is essential to use all three in thin great successful method,
                            and all three -- a month's supply - come to you for only-$3 postpaid. If after 15 days' use, you do not have full
                            expectation of a complete cure, your money will be refunded in full. You have nothing to lose, and health and happiness to
                            win. Act Now while the Special Introductory Price is still in force. Send only $3 the full $5 A-B-C Triple Formula
                            Treatment. But do it TODAY. 
                         A. B. C. Laboratories, Richmond Hill, N.Y. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Be Your Own Music Teacher 
                         LEARN AT HOME 
                         by wonderful new method that teaches in half usual time. Simple as A. B. C.-- a child can learn it. Your lessons consist of
                            real selec- tions instead of tiresome ex- ercises. When you finish one of these delightfully easy les- sons, you've added
                            a new "piece" to your list. You read real notes, too--no "numbers" or, trick music. Method is so thorough that many of our
                            700,000 students are band and orchestra LEADERS. 
                         Automatic Finger Control 
                         Our own invention--limbers, trains and guides your fingers so that they fall into proper place almost automatically. 
                         Free Book and Demonstration Lesson 
                         You may quickly become a fine player or singer through the U. S. School home study method. Write now, however, before Free
                            Books and Free Demonstration Lessons are gone. Mention your favorite instrument or whether you prefer vocal music. Please
                            write your name and address plainly. U. S. SCHOOL OF MUSIC 3593 Brunswick Building, New York City 
                         PLAY BY NOTE 
                         Piano, Organ, Violin, Cornet, Mandolin, Harp, 'Cello, Trom- bone, Flute, Clarinet, Piecoio, Saxophone, Uku- lele, Guitar,
                            Voice and Speech culture, Har- mony and Com- position, Drums and Traps, Auto- matic Finger Control, Banjo (Plectrum, 5-
                            String or Tenor) Piano Accor- dion, Italian and German Accor- dion. 
                     
                     
                         Diesel Engineering 
                         Power Plants--Motor Trucks--Busses--Locomotives Shops--Tractors-- Dredges--Drills--Pumps--Etc. Training at home on all latest
                            Diesel developments -- 2- and 4-stroke cycles; solid- and air-injection fuel systems; low- and high-speed and
                            heavy-dutytypes: Diesel-electric generating systems, etc. Includes all text material, individual instruction, employment
                            service. Write today for Free Bulletin. No obligation. 
                         American School, Dept. D-37, Drxelat 58th, Chicago 
                     
                     
                         LINCOLN AND INDIAN HEAD PENNIES WANTED 
                         WE PAY UP TO $2 IF MORE THAN 11 YEARS OLD and up to $500 for-certain U. S. Cents. Send 10c. today for 16 page fully
                            illustrated catalog 
                         NATIONAL, COIN CO. BOX 731 BS. MILWAUKEE. WIS. 
                     
                     
                         WHY-MEN-GET-BALD 
                         READ FREE OFFER 
                         Full particulars of an amazing new discovery that enables people who have dandruff, scalp itch, falling hair or baldness,
                            to harm- lessly remove the thin outer layer of scalp skin, have fresh new scalp skin and activate the dormant roots to
                            grow new hair. WILL BE SENT ABSOLUTELY FREE, to any reader of this magazine who will write to Dermolav Lab., Desk 727, No.
                            1700 Broadway, New York, N. Y. This FREE Treatise explains anatomy of your hair and tells what to do. It is positively
                            amazing. If pleased, tell friends. 
                     
                 
                 Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements 
             
             
                 
                 
                 
                     Two in a Fog 
                 
                 
                     By  Gerry Ann Hale  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         SO you can see how impossible it 
                         all is," Rod finished jerkily, his 
                         eyes not quite meeting Melina's. 
                         "I thought you were -" 
                     
                     
                         "Some one rich and important," 
                         she supplied dryly, and if you 
                         hadn't seen the hurt in her dark eyes, 
                         you might have thought it didn't 
                         matter that the man who had pro- 
                         fessed his undying love for her not 
                         two days ago was now backing out 
                         lamely. 
                     
                     
                         She looked away from his hands, 
                         fumbling nervously with the tiny 
                         cup of after-dinner coffee. Outside  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         the plate-glass window of the quiet 
                         side-street cafe, the first eddying 
                         wisps of fog circled about the street 
                         lamps. Inside, it was all warmth 
                         and soft light and heartbreak. 
                     
                     
                         "But can't you see what a fix I'm 
                         in?" he protested, his handsome face 
                         sullen and darkened. "I'm poor. I 
                         can't afford, to get mixed up with a 
                         working girl." 
                     
                     
                         Melina inwardly shrank from the 
                         harshness of his voice. There was 
                         no need of that. 
                     
                     
                         She mused aloud, "Because I had 
                         the bridal suite ou the Empress, you 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 Two in a Fog 11 
                 
                     
                     
                         thought I was rich. Remember, I 
                         told you I had only been to Bermuda 
                         on business!" 
                     
                     
                         He shrugged impatiently. "I 
                         thought you were kidding," he mut- 
                         tered. 
                     
                     
                         There came the soft clatter of sil- 
                         ver and china rising over the room, 
                         and from beyond the wide door, the 
                         muted clamor of traffic. Melina 
                         shivered and picked up her purse. 
                     
                     
                         "Why did you see me again, 
                         then?" she demanded curiously. "It 
                         would have been easier to just- just 
                         not show up." 
                     
                     
                         Rod's lips tightened, and for once 
                         he didn't look quite so handsome. 
                     
                     
                         "How did I know what you might 
                         do?" he said callously. 
                     
                     
                         Melina's smooth olive skin flushed 
                         darkly, and for a moment her lips 
                         trembled. Then they parted in a 
                         swift breath of anger. 
                     
                     
                         "I can't forgive you for that!" 
                         She looked beautiful then, brilliant 
                         with fury, alive with suppressed 
                         emotion. "I may be one of those 
                         fools who work for a living, but I'm 
                         not cheap! If it had killed me, I 
                         should never have sought you out." 
                     
                     
                         Her knees were lax with the fierce- 
                         ness of her anger, and for a moment 
                         it looked as if she couldn't move. 
                         Then she rose, leaning for a second 
                         on the table. 
                     
                     
                         "You have nothing to fear from 
                         me," she told him bitterly. "From 
                         this moment on I don't know you, 
                         never knew you, never expect to 
                         know you!" 
                     
                     
                         He was on his feet too, his face 
                         white, his lips curled. 
                     
                     
                         "Which is 0. K. with me," he 
                         muttered, just as a slim dark man 
                         with gray eyes under a shock of blue- 
                         black hair, strolled up to the table 
                         and said mildly: 
                     
                     
                         "I see I'm just in time, Roddy my 
                         boy, to meet your charming dinner 
                         guest." 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Rod turned his head jerkily, and 
                         Melina saw him falter and then look 
                         at her with a mingling of fear and 
                         annoyance. She read him correctly 
                         in an instant. This man who had 
                         just come up was some one impor- 
                         tant, and Rod hated to introduce 
                         them. 
                     
                     
                         It brought her head up proudly, 
                         and her softly rounded chin took on 
                         a determined look. 
                     
                     
                         "So sorry"- she moved a step 
                         away- "I must hurry." 
                     
                     
                         But the gray-eyed man wasn't to 
                         be put off so easily. 
                     
                     
                         He put out a detaining hand. "If 
                         you think I walked across this entire 
                         room just to speak to Rod Landers, 
                         you're terribly mistaken. And 
                         again, if you think I shall let you 
                         run off without being introduced, 
                         then you don't know Edward Erin 
                         O'Moore." 
                     
                     
                         Rod broke in hastily, his voice al- 
                         most fawning, Melina thought. 
                     
                     
                         "How are you, old man? I'm just 
                         back from Bermuda-" 
                     
                     
                         But Edward Erin O'Moore wasn't 
                         paying him one second's attention. 
                         From his considerable height, he 
                         was looking down at the averted 
                         outline of Melina's face. 
                     
                     
                         "Now, what is your name?" he 
                         was demanding coolly. "I can't go 
                         on calling you 'lady' or 'lassie' all 
                         our lives." 
                     
                     
                         Rod was trying to break into a 
                         situation that was rapidly growing 
                         into a twosome, with him very much 
                         on the outside. He cleared his 
                         throat and essayed speech, which 
                         again fell on deaf ears. 
                     
                     
                         "I say, O'Moore-" 
                     
                     
                         Melina lifted her eyes to the gray 
                         ones just over her head. 
                     
                     
                         "My name is Melina Otis Spauld- 
                         ing, and I work for a living," she 
                         said bitterly, her glance drifting to 
                         Rod's suddenly scarlet face and then 
                         back to the gray-eyed man. She 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 12 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         drew on her gloves slowly, knowing 
                         that if she hurried her hands would 
                         tremble furiously. "And now, if you 
                         will let me pass-" 
                     
                     
                         "You may call me Erin," the 
                          gray-eyed man told her, as he fell 
                         into step beside her, leaving Rod 
                         with a bare nod of his head. "I 
                         rather like the name Melina. It's 
                         odd. Just a bit old-fashioned." 
                     
                     
                         She was stumbling a little by then, 
                         because a sudden mist had come 
                         over her eyes. Erin O'Moore took 
                         her elbow lightly and guided her as 
                         if it were the most natural thing in 
                         the world.  
                     
                         He pushed the door open, and the 
                         damp cottony fog rolled to meet 
                         them. Somewhere on the way to the 
                         street, he had acquired a topcoat and 
                         a battered felt hat. And now while 
                         Melina hesitated blindly in the en- 
                         trance, he pulled the coat on. 
                     
                     
                         "Shall we walk a bit?" He had 
                         her arm again, this time gripped 
                         companionably tight to his side. "I 
                         like the feel of the fog- it's so damp- 
                         ish and clammy sometimes. Look at 
                         it against the lights!"  
                     
                         Slow, burning tears were seeping 
                         out from under Melina's long lashes; 
                         there seemed no way to stop them. 
                         They'd been gathering a long while 
                         -ever since Rod had told her 
                         brutally that their shipboard ro- 
                         mance was ended almost before it 
                         had begun. 
                     
                     
                         The man at her side sensed the 
                         tension. Across the cafe, he had seen 
                         enough in both pairs of eyes to un- 
                         derstand. 
                     
                     
                         "You may as well get it out of 
                         your system," he said casually, lead- 
                         ing her across an intersecting street 
                         where red and green lights were just 
                         a colorful blur. "Talk or yell, it's 
                         the same to me. I've listened to 
                         both in my time." 
                     
                     
                         Melina stiffened. She had almost 
                         forgotten that Erin O'Moore was  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         there. She had been so immersed in 
                         her own misery. 
                     
                     
                         She looked up at his profile, 
                         sharply cut against the drifting fog 
                         and thought how different he was 
                         from Rod. Rod had perfect features 
                         and a collar-ad smile. But this man, 
                         with his almost beaklike nose and 
                         twisted grin, had something Rod 
                         never would have- something hard 
                         to put one's finger on. 
                     
                     
                         She said harshly, "Won't it spoil 
                         your chances or something if some 
                         one sees you walking with a work- 
                         ing girl? Or is it that the fog will 
                         protect you?" 
                     
                     
                         "Go on," he murmured equably. 
                         "It starts amazingly well." 
                     
                     
                         Melina shivered and drew the fur 
                         collar higher about her chin. 
                     
                     
                         "I'm sorry," she said thickly, "but 
                         I'm all in the air. I've just discov- 
                         ered that romance and the working 
                         girl doesn't mix, despite the Cinder- 
                         ella myth. The movies are all 
                         wrong so are magazines and 
                         novels. Everything's all wrong!" 
                     
                     
                         "Apple strudel!" he scoffed, and 
                         then stopped suddenly against a post 
                         that had appeared from the mist. 
                         "Shades of St. Patrick! I just missed/ 
                         carving my nose on that blasted 
                         post!" 
                     
                     
                         They stood momentarily still, 
                         looking up at the dark outlines of 
                         the iron post. The fog had thick- 
                         ened to a soupy consistency. 
                     
                     
                         "Didn't know New York could go 
                         London one better," Erin O'Moore 
                         muttered,listening to the continu- 
                         ous hooting of cars half stalled in 
                         the avenues. "We'd best get out of 
                         this for a while." 
                     
                     
                         Melina frowned slightly, coming 
                         alive to the problem of the moment. 
                     
                     
                         "Where are we? Have you any 
                         idea?" 
                     
                     
                         He dropped her arm and shinned 
                          rapidly up the iron post before she 
                         could close her mouth. His voice 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 Two in a Fog 13 
                 
                     
                     
                         came down from the 
                         mist above.  
                     
                         "We're practically on 
                         my home street." He 
                         slid down the post and 
                         wiped his hands with 
                         a large handkerchief. 
                         "Would you share my 
                         fireside and a high ball 
                         for an hour or so, las- 
                         sie? Or do I look dan- 
                         gerous?" 
                     
                     
                         Melina hesitated. She 
                         knew, no matter where 
                         they were then, that 
                         she was a long way 
                         from her one 
                         room apart- 
                         ment over- 
                         looking the 
                         park. Rod had 
                         picked this cafe 
                         in which to 
                         dine, with an 
                         eye to its being 
                         out of the way. 
                     
                     
                         "I'm not ex- 
                         actly a good 
                         companion to- 
                         night," she said 
                         restlessly. "I'd 
                         like to break 
                         dishes and 
                         things." 
                     
                     
                         Then Erin 
                         O Moore took 
                         her arm again 
                         and turned left 
                         into the side 
                         street that showed even 
                         darker than the avenue. 
                     
                     
                         "Even that," he as- 
                         sured her placidly, 
                         "might be arranged. 
                         There's some old crock- 
                         ery in the kitchen that 
                         I'm tired of looking at. 
                         You'd be doing me a 
                         great favor if you'd break-" 
                         And then Melina laughed- a 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         "If you think I walked across this entire room just to speak to Rod Landers, you're terribly mistaken. And if you
                            think I shall let you run off with- out being intro- duced, then you don't know Edward Erin O'Moore. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         faint bit of laughter, to be sure, but 
                         nevertheless it was a step onward. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 14 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         "You're ridiculous." 
                     
                     
                         "I made you laugh." 
                     
                     
                         "Is that something to crow over?" 
                         She tried hard not to be bitter. 
                     
                     
                         "Absolutely! It shows you aren't 
                         too far gone to be saved." 
                     
                     
                         Then he led her into a low door- 
                         way, hospitably lighted by two old- 
                         fashioned iron lanterns inclosing 
                         electric bulbs. The warm coziness of 
                         a narrow entrance hall enveloped 
                         them, and the man led the way up 
                         long white steps to a high door set 
                         with brass knob and knocker. 
                     
                     
                         "My domain!"- bowing low and 
                         ushering her into a high-ceilinged 
                         room that breathed of peace and 
                         comfort. 
                     
                     
                         Melina dropped her coat on a red 
                         leather bench and looked appre- 
                         ciatively about. Dark woodwork 
                         and pale walls, lighted by ivory- 
                         shaded lamps that cast a subdued 
                         light over bookcases built in half- 
                         way to the ceiling; leather chairs and 
                         a fireplace; scatter rugs, worn and 
                         velvety; warm red drapes drawn 
                         over sheer window curtains and the 
                         gleam of brass here and there. 
                     
                     
                         "Do you like it?" he asked eagerly. 
                         And looking at her eyes, he knew 
                         without words. "I'm glad," he 
                         added simply. 
                     
                     
                         She sat down in front of the 
                         smoldering fire and stretched slim 
                         white hands toward the welcome 
                         warmth, while the man busied him- 
                         self at the liquor cabinet. 
                     
                     
                         "So you met Rod on the Empress," 
                         he began casually over his shoulder. 
                         Melina stiffened resentfully. "How 
                         do you like the ship? I've been on 
                         her once or twice." 
                     
                     
                         She relaxed, feeling rather silly. . 
                     
                     
                         "I liked it at first," she admitted 
                         with a burst of honesty. "I work 
                         for the company and I had to do 
                         some business for them down there. 
                         That's why I had the bridal suite. 
                         It was the only cabin not sold." 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Erin O'Moore came over with a 
                         glass for her. "So Rod thought you 
                         were at least Miss Empress," he ven- 
                         tured. 
                     
                     
                         Melina nodded. She knew sud- 
                         denly she was going to tell him 
                         everything. She couldn't help it. 
                     
                     
                         "It was lovely while it lasted," she 
                         confessed thickly. "I'd never been 
                         flirted with so expertly before. He 
                         made the two days heavenly. I 
                         hated to get back to New York. 
                         Then--" 
                     
                     
                         "He found out you weren't a 
                         banker's daughter! Right?" 
                     
                     
                         "Right!" she told him flatly, and 
                         then lifted her glass. "A toast to 
                         the working girl!" 
                     
                     
                         "May she discover that all men 
                         aren't alike," he added swiftly. And 
                         they drank in silence. 
                     
                     
                         He sat down opposite her and 
                         stretched with a sigh of relief toward 
                         the heat. 
                     
                     
                         "This is something like it"- tilt- 
                         ing back his head and closing his 
                         eyes- "with the fog outside, and 
                         peace and a good companion inside!" 
                     
                     
                         Melina relaxed under the spell of 
                         his voice. It was soothing, com- 
                         pelling in its very quietness. She 
                         found some of the misery stealing 
                         from her heart and soul. Every- 
                         thing except this room, this man, 
                         was far away and unreal. 
                     
                     
                         Eyes closed, she let it all seep into 
                         her blood. And across the width of 
                         the hearth, Erin O'Moore watched 
                         her from under half-closed lids and 
                         wondered at the faint stirrings in his 
                         heart. 
                     
                     
                         They were like this when there 
                         came the muffled sound of voices 
                         from below, then the clatter of feet 
                         and the sharp tap-tap of the 
                         knocker. 
                     
                     
                         The man frowned with annoyance 
                         and sprang to his feet. 
                     
                     
                         "Some pests, I suppose, to spoil a 
                         perfect evening," he groaned. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 Two in a Fog 15 
                 
                     
                     
                         He crossed the room slowly and 
                         flung open the door. Almost imme- 
                         diately, the air was filled with laugh- 
                         ter and a feminine voice, followed by 
                         a familiar masculine one. 
                     
                     
                         Melina turned her head automati- 
                         cally and looked straight into the 
                         amazed eyes of Rod! 
                     
                     
                         "Edward Erin O'Moore!" A 
                         lovely red-haired girl in pale-green 
                         satin dropped an ermine coat care- 
                         lessly on the floor to give both hands 
                         to the gray-eyed man. "You've 
                         treated me shamefully! Not a call, 
                         not a line, not a word-" 
                     
                     
                         Her glance slipped past him and 
                         fixed itself sharply on- Melina's 
                         frozen face. Something jealous and 
                         ugly flamed for a moment in the 
                         topaz eyes of the newcomer. 
                     
                     
                         "Oh! I'm so sorry, darling," she 
                         purred, coming into the room, eyes 
                         frankly surveying Melina. "If we 
                         had known we were intruding-" 
                     
                     
                         Erin O'Moore sauntered behind 
                         her. "Not at all, Jada my own. 
                         We're just hiding from the fog for 
                         a bit. This is Miss Spaulding- 
                         Miss van Dykerman." He looked 
                         obliquely at Rod, shifting uneasily - 
                         in the background. "I believe you 
                         know Mr. Landers." 
                     
                     
                         Melina smiled frostily. "No, I'm 
                         afraid not," she said clearly. "How 
                         do you do?" 
                     
                     
                         Jada slid gracefully onto the 
                         hearth rug, the faint light from the 
                         fire making her, hair sparkle, show- 
                         ing her skin to be even whiter than 
                         it appeared. 
                     
                     
                         "It's the fog that brought us in," 
                         she explained, narrowing her eyes 
                         seductively at Erin O'Moore. "We 
                         were on our way to the Ritz and the 
                         taxi bumped into a post at the cor- 
                         ner here. So here we are!" 
                     
                     
                         Melina's nerves tingled from the 
                         tip of her head to the end of her 
                         little toe. Rod here in the same  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         room! Handsome and poised now, 
                         he was leaning against the mantel. 
                     
                     
                         "Hope you don't mind, old man," 
                         he was saying easily to Erin. "But 
                         Jada would have it that we drop in 
                         in on you." 
                     
                     
                         "Guess I can stand it," Erin 
                         drawled, and Jada laughed as though 
                         he had complimented her. 
                     
                     
                         Yet her eyes, when they sought 
                         Melina's, were cold and just a bit 
                         cruel. 
                     
                     
                         "And who are you, darling?" she 
                         demanded brightly. 
                     
                     
                         At the liquor cabinet, mixing 
                         drinks, Erin O'Moore paused and 
                         listened, his generous mouth grim. 
                     
                     
                         Melina looked down at the other 
                         girl. At some other time, perhaps, 
                         she might have felt ill at ease facing 
                         an obvious society girl. But now, 
                         somehow, it was a matter of no im- 
                         portance. 
                     
                     
                         "I'm a working girl," she said 
                         smoothly. "You should try it some- 
                         time. It's good for the figure." 
                     
                     
                         Jada stiffened, and the smile 
                         wreathing her lips grew just a bit 
                         forced. 
                     
                     
                         "I don't think my figure needs it," 
                         she cooed. "Do you think so, Erin?" 
                     
                     
                         He came over with two tall 
                         glasses. "What, reducing?" He 
                         raised his brows. "Well, a bit off 
                         the waist might help." 
                     
                     
                         Jada flushed darkly and drank 
                         half her high ball in a furious, gust 
                         of anger. 
                     
                     
                         Rod's eyes darkened and his lips, 
                         too, tightened in anger ranger at 
                         Melina. She caught him glaring at 
                         her when she lifted her eyes indif- 
                         ferently to his face. 
                     
                     
                         "What's the matter, Mr. 
                         Landers," she asked coolly. "Did 
                         your drink go down the wrong 
                         way?" 
                     
                     
                         "Erin O'Moore laughed suddenly 
                         and went to turn on the radio. 
                     
                     
                         "I think a bit of music might 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 16 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         help," he chuckled into a tense si- 
                         lence. 
                     
                     
                         The music that drifted so en- 
                         chantingly into the room didn't help 
                         much. It served only to send Jada 
                         nearer Erin and left Rod uneasily 
                         trying to carry on a one-sided con- 
                         versation with Melina. 
                     
                     
                         Melina sipped her drink and 
                         gazed absent-mindedly into the 
                         dying fire. She was analyzing her 
                         feelings, sorting them out carefully 
                         and laying them at her feet. 
                     
                     
                         Rod, after that first amazing mo- 
                         ment when he had walked into the 
                         room, had done nothing to her heart 
                         except perhaps harden it a little. 
                         His obvious relief when she had ac- 
                         cepted Erin O'Moore's introduction 
                         filled her with contempt. And 
                         again, his too obvious eagerness to 
                         be with Jada van Dykerman was 
                         overpoweringly offensive. 
                     
                     
                         At this moment he was glancing 
                         uneasily at Jada, sitting on a stool 
                         at Erin's. feet, resting her lovely 
                         white arms on his knees while she 
                         tallied softly to him. Melina could 
                         see the impotence of his anger surg- 
                         ing within him. 
                     
                     
                         "What's the matter"- she glanced 
                         up at Rod carelessly- "is your big 
                         fish nibbling at another bait?" 
                     
                     
                         He flushed angrily and turned his 
                         back on her. 
                     
                     
                         "I say, Jada"- going to bend over 
                         the red-haired girl- "don't you 
                         think we could barge along? I 
                         imagine the fog has lifted a bit by 
                         now." 
                     
                     
                         Erin got to his feet and glanced 
                         humorously across-at Melina. 
                         "I hope the fog is thinning out," 
                         he said innocently. 
                     
                     
                         But when he went to draw aside 
                         the red drape, the fog was even 
                         worse. It clung thickly to the 
                         glass outside. 
                     
                     
                         Erin whistled. "Looks worse," he 
                         muttered just as the radio, inter-  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         rupting its dance program, issued a 
                         news bulletin. 
                     
                     
                         "The police department is send- 
                         ing out a warning"- the voice of the 
                         announcer came with startling sud- 
                         denness- "that all those who are in- 
                         doors, remain there until the fog 
                         lifts somewhat. Right now, it is ex- 
                         ceedingly dangerous in the streets. 
                         Already, there have been more than 
                         a score of fatal accidents." 
                     
                     
                         "Oh!" Jada sighed ecstatically. 
                     
                     
                         "How delicious!" 
                     
                     
                         "It is the worst fog ever to hit 
                         New York," went on the radio. "It 
                         is due to lift sometime in the early- 
                         morning hours. Until then-" 
                     
                     
                         "What rotten luck!" Rod mut- 
                         tered under his breath and kicked a 
                         footstool out of his way. 
                     
                     
                         Erin raised his crooked dark 
                         brows. "I should be the one to say 
                         that, me lad." 
                     
                     
                         Melina was on her feet, staring 
                         in bewilderment at her host. "Then 
                         that means I can't leave yet?" she 
                         asked slowly. 
                     
                     
                         Erin O'Moore shook his head, his 
                         eyes kindling suddenly. "It will give 
                         me the greatest pleasure to be your 
                         host for a few hours longer." 
                     
                     
                         Jada tossed her head and slid her 
                         hand through his arm, taking his 
                         speech as a direct compliment to 
                         herself. 
                     
                     
                         "You're absolutely precious, Erin 
                         darling. It's no wonder I love you 
                         so terribly," she purred. 
                     
                     
                         But Erin slid just as easily away 
                         from her and crossed to a door 
                         opening into another room. "You 
                         love too easily, Jada me girl. 'Tis 
                         not the way of the Irish." 
                     
                     
                         "Any one would think you'd been 
                         born over there," she pouted, "in- 
                         stead of in New York itself." 
                     
                     
                         He disappeared into the other 
                         room and lights flashed on. A mo- 
                         ment later he was back. 
                     
                     
                         "There now, girls"- looking  
                 
                 LS 1F 
             
             
                 
                 Two in a Fog 17 
                 
                     
                     
                         straight at Melina- "there's every- 
                         thing handy for you if you get tired 
                         and want to rest. There are clean 
                         sheets on the bed, clean towels on 
                         the rack, and pajamas, slightly big, 
                         but serviceable if you want to 
                         sleep." 
                     
                     
                         Melina looked at the clock on the 
                         mantel. Why, it was almost mid- 
                         night already! She should be in bed 
                         now, getting ready for to-morrow's 
                         work. 
                     
                     
                         "I think, if you don't mind," she 
                         ventured, "I'll take a nap." 
                     
                     
                         Erin came over and took her arm, 
                         his hand somehow compelling arrest. 
                     
                     
                         "Is there any one you should 
                         notify?" he wanted to know quietly. 
                     
                     
                         She shook her head, feeling some- 
                         thing warm and comforting steal 
                         into her heart. 
                     
                     
                         "No one at all." 
                     
                     
                         She went into the other room just 
                         as Jada reached Erin again and 
                         drew his arm close about her waist. 
                     
                     
                         "Can't you find a place for Rod to 
                         nap a bit?" she cooed. "Then you 
                         and I could talk." 
                     
                     
                         Melina heard Erin O'Moore laugh 
                         softly just before she closed the door. 
                         And because it was the tolerant 
                         laugh of one who brushed away a 
                         persistent insect, Melina was some- 
                         how glad. 
                     
                     
                         She looked about the bedroom. It 
                         was typically masculine the dark 
                         furniture that was severe yet com- 
                         fortable, the wide windows with 
                         tailored curtains, and off to one side, 
                         a sedate bath done in black and 
                         white. 
                     
                     
                         Melina slipped off her dress and 
                         hung it carefully on a rack. Then 
                         she went into the bathroom to 
                         luxuriate in steaming hot water and 
                         faintly scented soap. 
                     
                     
                         Later, feeling refreshed and 
                         ready for sleep, she entered the room 
                         to find Jada curled up on the foot of 
                         the bed, surveying her nails.  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         After a moment, she looked up 
                         and stared shrewdly at Melina. 
                         Then she smiled slightly. 
                     
                     
                         "So you're a working girl," she 
                         murmured. 
                     
                     
                         Melina disliked her intensely. 
                         She knew it definitely, how. 
                     
                     
                         "Yes," she returned shortly, 
                         thinking how very beautiful the 
                         other girl actually was. In the mir- 
                         ror she could see her own reflection 
                         and to herself she looked plain and 
                         shiny-faced. 
                     
                     
                         "I don't suppose you make an 
                         awful lot?" Jada went on. "I mean, 
                         you wouldn't turn up your nose at 
                         making a bit- of extra money, would 
                         you?" 
                     
                     
                         Faint alarm rang somewhere 
                         within Melina. She stood quite still 
                         and watched Jada through the glass. 
                     
                     
                         "What do you mean?" she asked 
                         sharply. 
                     
                     
                         Jada uncoiled herself and stood 
                         up. "If I made it worth your while, 
                         would you get out of here? No, I'll 
                         put it this way: Get out, and I'll - 
                         make it worth your while." She 
                         looked at Melina boldly, challeng- 
                         ingly. And if you don't get out, 
                         well, it won't make much difference." 
                     
                     
                         Melina brushed her hair mechani- 
                         cally while a string of bewildered 
                         thoughts rushed through her mind. 
                     
                     
                         "What for?" she demanded 
                         bluntly. "Why should I risk break- 
                         ing my neck in this fog?" 
                     
                     
                         Jada drew in a sibilant breath, and 
                         her eyes were pieces of yellow flint. 
                     
                     
                         "I don't know why I bother to ex- 
                         plain," she said icily, as if Melina 
                         were too insignificant a person to ad- 
                         dress at all. "It just happens that I 
                         want to be alone with Mr. O'Moore, 
                         and you are in my way. Now, do 
                         you understand?" 
                     
                     
                         Challenging yellow eyes glared at 
                         her insolently. But somehow, 
                         Melina wasn't much impressed. 
                     
                     
                         "Oh," she drawled, "so that's the 
                     
                 
                 LS-2F 
             
             
                 
                 18 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                         In an instant, Melina had her dress on and was fastening it up while Erin 
                         pushed open the door and peered in. "I've decided not to take a nap," 
                         she said. "I think I'll come in and keep you company." 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         way they do it on the avenue! 
                         Frame the man when you can't get 
                         him otherwise." 
                     
                     
                         Jada gave a sudden furious 
                         scream. "Why, you cheap little-" 
                         She seemed about to leap at Melina, 
                         her gleaming nails curved for battle. 
                         But Melina's slim white hands 
                         reached out and gripped the other's 
                         narrow wrists, holding them away 
                         from her face. 
                     
                     
                         For a long moment, she stared at 
                         her, disgust in her eyes. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "If you think," she began grimly, 
                         releasing her with a push that sent 
                         Jada stumbling back to the bed, 
                         "that I'll be a party to any scheme 
                         of yours, for trapping Mr. O'Moore, 
                         you're crazy!" 
                     
                     
                         Jada sat up, striving for non- 
                         chalance. "You're making a play 
                         for him yourself," she sneered. 
                     
                     
                         Melina shrugged. "No, I'm not," 
                         she said slowly. "But now that you 
                         mention it, he is worth fighting for, 
                         isn't he? A charming person!" 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 Two in a Fog 19 
                 
                     
                     
                         Jada stood up, her face ashily 
                         pale. "You keep away from him, do 
                         you hear me?" she cried, clenching 
                         her teeth desperately. "He's mine 
                         and no one else shall have him!"  
                     
                         Melina dreamily surveyed herself 
                         in the mirror. "He seemed to like 
                         me," she murmured. "He'd be so 
                         comfortable to live with-" 
                     
                     
                         "Shut up!" Jada shrieked, and 
                         then a knock sounded on the door. 
                     
                     
                         "Hello in there!" Erin O'Moore's 
                         voice came anxiously through. 
                         "What's all the noise about?" 
                     
                     
                         In an instant, Melina had her 
                         dress on and was fastening it up 
                         while Erin pushed open the door and 
                         peered in. His eyes sought hers 
                         first and somewhere deep inside her, 
                         Melina was glad. 
                     
                     
                         It was, she thought vaguely, get- 
                         ting to be a habit, feeling glad about 
                         Erin O'Moore. 
                     
                     
                         "What's up?" he was asking, his 
                         eyes very intent, though his voice 
                         made his words of no consequence. 
                     
                     
                         Melina, went to him without look- 
                         ing at Jada. "Not a thing, she as- _ 
                         sured him. Only, I've decided not 
                         to take a nap. I think I'll come in 
                         and keep you company." 
                     
                     
                         Erin O'Moore grinned widely and 
                         bowed low. "The best news I've had 
                         since you decided to take a nap. 
                         Enter, lady fair." 
                     
                     
                         Rod was standing by the window, 
                         scowling out at the fog. When 
                         Melina came in, he turned and di- 
                         rected his scowl at her. But she 
                         merely raised her brows madden- 
                         ingly and strolled over to sit be- 
                         fore the dead embers of the fire. 
                     
                     
                         Her host followed, something bril- 
                         liant yet soft glowing in his eyes. 
                         Standing over her, arms folded 
                         across his chest, he said simply: 
                     
                     
                         "It took those minutes out of my 
                         sight to make me know." 
                         Melina flushed hotly and then 
                         wondered why. Across the room,  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Rod cleared his throat loudly, But 
                         Erin went on as if they were alone: 
                         "I had begun to wonder about my- 
                         self and you. For some reason you 
                         drew my eyes clear across the cafe 
                         to-night. I couldn't eat with the 
                         same appetite afterward." He 
                         stopped, and his eyes searched her 
                         face intently. 
                     
                     
                         Melina stirred restlessly. She 
                         felt strange, taken up out of herself 
                         Something of what this man felt en- 
                         tered her blood. 
                     
                     
                         "We're strangers," she mur~ 
                         mured. "You know nothing of me." 
                     
                     
                         He flung up his head. "Do any 
                         of us ever truly know one another? 
                         Even after years of living together?" 
                         She mused on that, remembering 
                         things she had heard. "They, say 
                         that-" 
                     
                     
                         "That there is no such thing as 
                         love at first sight," he put in 
                         quickly. "Perhaps there isn't." His 
                         eyes held hers. "But whatever this 
                         is I feel for you, if it isn't love, it 
                         might just as well be because-" 
                     
                     
                         Jada's voice issuing from the bed- 
                         room interrupted him, and Melina 
                         was conscious of quick resentment. 
                         She had to hear more! 
                     
                     
                         "Rod! Come here, will you?" 
                         Jada called and Rod, with a mut- 
                         tered excuse, disappeared into the 
                         other room and closed the door. 
                         Erin shrugged. "A lovely couple!" 
                         Melina smoothed her skirt care- 
                         fully. "You were saying?" she 
                         prompted casually too casually. 
                     
                     
                         And in an instant, Erin O'Moore 
                         was kneeling at her feet so that he 
                         could look up into her eyes, his 
                         whole face lit up with tenderness, his 
                         hands strong and steady on hers. 
                     
                     
                         "Then you aren't exactly bored?" 
                         he asked gently. "Even if you don't 
                         believe in love at first sight?"  
                     
                         Melina took a deep breath. It 
                         was becoming difficult to breathe the 
                         way she should. It was being so  
                 
             
             
                 
                 20 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         close to him, she thought. The 
                         strength of him flowing out robbed 
                         her of sane reasoning. 
                     
                     
                         "I- I didn't say I didn't believe in 
                         it," she stammered a little. "It's 
                         just- Well, after all, we've never 
                         seen each other before." 
                     
                     
                         He lifted her hands one by one 
                         and kissed them, his lips lingering 
                         warmly on their coolness. And his 
                         eyes never once left her face. 
                     
                     
                         "I'm not rushing you," he told 
                         her. "I'm just warning you that 
                         you may as well start thinking of 
                         me, because one day soon you'll have 
                         to make up your mind." 
                     
                     
                         Nowhere a sound, save the low 
                         murmur of his voice and the steady 
                         ticking of a clock. And then, break- 
                         ing. the moment wide in ,two, came 
                         Rod's voice. And this time he called 
                         "Melina! 
                     
                     
                         He stood in the door of the bed- 
                         room. "I wonder if you'd come in 
                         and help Jada?" he asked politely. 
                         "She doesn't feel so well." 
                     
                     
                         Melina, even while, she moved to 
                         go into the room, wondered. There 
                         was something distinctly peculiar 
                         about this. 
                     
                     
                         Erin raised his brows inquiringly. 
                         "Something more?" he muttered 
                         under his breath. 
                     
                     
                         Melina passed Rod and saw Jada 
                         lying across the bed, her face buried 
                         in her arms. She went over and 
                         asked: 
                     
                     
                         "What's the matter? What can I 
                         do?" 
                     
                     
                         Jada rolled, over and sighed. 
                         "Some water I think!" 
                     
                     
                         Melina glanced at Rod, who had 
                         closed the bedroom door behind her. 
                         Then she went into the bathroom 
                         and got a glass. The sound of the 
                         water running must have deadened 
                         the sound of Rod's steps, for with- 
                         out even the faintest warning, 
                         Melina looked up and saw him in 
                         the bathroom door. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "Listen, Melina, we've got to 
                         talk," he said urgently, something of 
                         his old fascination gleaming in his 
                         eyes. He had looked like this on 
                         the Empress, Melina thought re- 
                         motely- eager and in love. 
                     
                     
                         "There's nothing more, to say," 
                         she said thinly. "That's all over 
                         and done with." 
                     
                     
                         He came further in and half shut 
                         the door. "It can't be over not 
                         the way I feel about you." 
                     
                     
                         She stood backed against the 
                         glass-inclosed shower. "What's got- 
                         ten into you?" 
                     
                     
                         "I love you! That's what it is!" 
                         He took a long step that brought 
                         him to her side. "I'm mad about 
                         you. It doesn't matter if you aren t 
                         rich. Nothing matters except our 
                         love." 
                     
                     
                         "Our love?" She evaded his 
                         hands and stepped back of the wash 
                         bowl. "Tell, me when to laugh," she 
                         added bitterly. 
                     
                     
                         He was so handsome- handsome 
                         and weak and shallow. Melina saw 
                         him clearly in an ugly light. And 
                         what she saw she didn't like. 
                     
                     
                         "Come with me now," he begged. 
                         "Let's go to my place where we can 
                         be alone. I've so much to say." 
                         Slowly she shook her head. "If 
                         every word you uttered was worth 
                         ten dollars, you couldn't give me 
                         two cents." 
                     
                     
                         He flushed darkly and bit his lips. 
                     
                     
                         "I can make you change your mind," 
                         he warned sulkily. "We're all alone 
                         in here, you know." 
                     
                     
                         Then Melina knew what the trick 
                         had been. Jada was probably pay- 
                         ing Rod well to keep her out of the 
                         way while she worked on Erin! 
                     
                     
                         Even as she thought it, a scream 
                         rang out from the other room. 
                         Melina started but Rod barred her 
                         way. 
                     
                     
                         "It's only Jada doing her stuff." 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 Two in a Fog 21 
                 
                     
                     
                         He grinned unpleasantly. "Erin 
                         O'Moore will be glad to do whatever 
                         she says when she gets through put- 
                         ting on her act. Clever, isn't she?" 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Melina reached for the 
                         glass she had put down, 
                         filled it calmly with water 
                         and then before Rod knew 
                         what she was up to, flung 
                         it squarely in his face. 
                         And while he yelled and 
                         blinked in the sudden 
                         deluge, she was around 
                         him and into the bed- 
                         room. 
                     
                     
                         It took only a moment 
                         to cross to the living room, 
                         and then, standing in the 
                         door, she looked swiftly 
                         about. There was Jada 
                         standing open-mouthed in 
                         the center of the floor, 
                         staring wildly about. 
                     
                     
                         Melina stared, too. 
                         There was no Erin 
                         O'Moore- no one at all there except 
                         the two of them. 
                     
                     
                         Melina said dryly, "You may as 
                         well put on your dress, Miss van  
                     
                         Melina went 
                         into the room 
                         and looked 
                         swiftly 
                         about. There 
                         stood Jada. 
                         Melina said 
                         dryly, "You 
                         may as well 
                         put on your 
                         dress, Miss 
                         van Dyker- 
                         man. The ob- 
                         ject of your 
                         affections has 
                         neglected to 
                         remain."  
                 
             
             
                 
                 22 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         Dykerman. The object of your 
                         affections has neglected to remain."  
                     
                         Jada whirled to face the door. 
                     
                     
                         "Oh! You- you little-" she 
                         screamed, just as a thundering 
                         knock sounded on the door and an 
                         authoritative voice demanded: 
                     
                     
                         "Open in the name of the law!" 
                         Melina looked questioningly at 
                         Jada. "Shall I, or will you do the 
                         honors?" 
                     
                     
                         Jada grabbed up her dress and 
                         flung it about her shoulders. Then 
                         she flounced into the bedroom. 
                     
                     
                         Melina crossed to the door and 
                         flung it open on two policemen. 
                     
                     
                         "What's going on in here?" the 
                         first one growled. "We heard a 
                         woman yelling." 
                     
                     
                         Melina raised her eyebrows. 
                         "Really?" She seemed amazed. 
                         "You must have made a mistake in 
                         the house, officer. No one screamed 
                         in here." She stepped back from 
                         the door invitingly. "You may 
                         come in if you wish and look 
                         around." 
                     
                     
                         The first officer looked at the sec- 
                         ond, who shrugged. 
                     
                     
                         "Well"- the spokesman touched 
                         his cap- "we won't come in, but 
                         we won't be far away in case it 
                         comes again. We ain't taking 
                         chances to-night, what with the fog 
                         and all." 
                     
                     
                         Melina closed the door behind 
                         them and leaned weakly against it 
                         for a moment. 
                     
                     
                         "Get out of my way!" Jada sailed 
                         into the room, Her dress on again. 
                         And behind her stalked Rod, un- 
                         comfortably wet and angry. 
                     
                     
                         He refused to even look at Melina, 
                         going straight for his hat and coat 
                         and flinging them on hastily. Jada 
                         threw her ermine about her shoul- 
                         ders and tossed her head. 
                     
                     
                         "Are you coming, Rod?" she de- 
                         manded harshly. Together, they 
                         marched through the door. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Melina was alone then in the quiet 
                         room alone and wondering. What 
                         had happened to Erin O'Moore? 
                     
                     
                         "Psst!" A faint hissing drew her 
                         attention to a corner near the win- 
                         dows that was in deeper shadow 
                         than the rest of the room. 
                     
                     
                         "Who- what- who's there?" she 
                         called nervously, beginning already 
                         to back away toward the door. 
                     
                     
                         "Are we alone?" It was Erin 
                         O'Moore's voice! And while she 
                         looked around, he stepped from be- 
                         hind one of the red drapes, his black 
                         hair more tousled than ever, and a 
                         devilish twinkle in his eyes. 
                     
                     
                         "Glory be!" he laughed softly, 
                         coming over to her. "To think that 
                         a son of Ireland should find himself 
                         running away hiding from a slip 
                         of a girl!" 
                     
                     
                         Melina dropped suddenly into the 
                         nearest chair, conscious of a strange 
                         weakness about her legs. 
                     
                     
                         "I think," she said weakly, "I'm 
                         going to faint." 
                     
                     
                         He was at her side in an instant, 
                         sober, anxious. "Darlin', don't do 
                         that. I didn't mean to frighten you. 
                         Come, look at me." 
                     
                     
                         Her head slid to his shoulder as if 
                         it had the right to be there. And 
                         when she lifted her lashes, she could 
                         look right into his eyes. 
                     
                     
                         "What happened?" she wanted to 
                         know wonderingly. 
                     
                     
                         His eyes twinkled again. "Jada 
                         pulled a beautiful scene, worthy of a 
                         better cause. All about love and 
                         how no one would get me- you know 
                         the sort of thing." Melina nodded. 
                         "And when she started pulling off 
                         her things, well I just disappeared."  
                     
                         A tiny chuckle began to ripple up 
                         in Melina's throat. "You should 
                         have seen her face when I came in!"  
                     
                         He was serious then, his eyes 
                         somber. "What did Rod do to you 
                         in there? I heard no sound." 
                     
                     
                         Melina edged away from him.  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Two in a Fog 23 
                 
                     
                     
                         "He tried to sell me an old yarn 
                         that wasn't worth a moment's con- 
                         sideration." 
                     
                     
                         Erin O'Moore studied her eyes at 
                         length. "Sure of that?" 
                     
                     
                         Very slowly, very seriously, 
                         Melina nodded. "Very sure." 
                     
                     
                         He sighed abruptly and drew her 
                         to her feet. 
                     
                     
                         "It's time to be walking home 
                         now," he said, his arms slipping 
                         easily across her shoulders. "I have 
                         much to say to you, and I dare not 
                         say it here. It is too easy to love 
                         you." 
                     
                     
                         His eyes dreamed down into hers 
                         and somehow her heart rose lightly 
                         to answer.  
                     
                         She smiled at him tenderly. 
                     
                     
                         "Do you think," he asked wist- 
                         fully, "there is a chance for me?"  
                     
                         For answer, Melina reached up 
                         and drew his head down. And then 
                         she kissed him lightly on both 
                         cheeks. He reached out for her con-  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         vulsively and then with main effort, 
                         drew back his arms. 
                     
                     
                         "If I touch you now," he said 
                         thickly, adoringly, "I'll never let 
                         you go!" 
                     
                     
                         Her arm slid about his neck 
                         swiftly. "I'm thinking," she whis- 
                         pered amazingly, "that I won't want 
                         to go." 
                     
                     
                         He held her with fierce tenderness, 
                         cradling her close, his lips tasting 
                         the sweetness of hers, lingering on 
                         her cheek, her eyes, her hair. They 
                         remained so, until finally an alien 
                         note sounded from the dim, outer 
                         world the clatter of milk bottles. 
                     
                     
                         "It is time, my sweet, to go home 
                         now." He held her aside with one 
                         arm, and reached for her coat with 
                         the other. "But later- nine o'clock 
                         to be exact we have an engage- 
                         ment at the Municipal Building. 
                         Am I right, colleen?" 
                     
                     
                         "Always right, dearest," Melina 
                         sighed dreamily from his shoulder. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     WINTER SALE 
                     
                         FOR sale: a castle hill with many halls 
                         Done up in oak and willow, with a stream 
                         Furnished in newest fern and crystal walls 
                         And small carillons where its pebbles dream. 
                     
                     
                         Great lawns completely round it, to insure 
                         A rest for Gypsy nightingales and those 
                         Grave bands of fiddling crickets that endure 
                         The longest march to serenade a rose! 
                     
                     
                         In beautiful condition, clean and neat 
                         From blue -spruce turrets to each velvet floor, 
                         Equipped with star-glow light and sun-warm heat- 
                         And recommended most especial for 
                     
                     
                         All wandering friends, of June beneath the sky, 
                         And every smiling April passing by!  
                      Bert Cooksley . 
                 
             
             
                 
                 
                 
                     Young And Beautiful 
                 
                 
                     By  Jo Franklin   
                 
                     
                     
                         BEVERLY, standing on the bal- 
                         cony outside the hotel room, 
                         sighed at the loveliness of the 
                         night. The moon was painting a 
                         silvery, dancing path on the lake's 
                         dark surface. Soft strains of music 
                         floated up from below. And some- 
                         where, down there, was that hand- 
                         some, dark-eyed young man whose 
                         name she did not even know.  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         She turned her head and called: 
                         "Aren't you ready yet, mother? The 
                         dancing in the grill has com- 
                         menced." 
                     
                     
                         "Just a minute more, darling."  
                     
                         Beverly left the balcony and en- 
                         tered the room where her mother 
                         sat at the dressing table, fastening 
                         a rope of pearls about her throat. 
                     
                     
                         "Mother, be sure to have that  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Young And Beautiful 25 
                 
                     
                     
                         necklace put in the hotel safe to- 
                         night," reminded Beverly. "You 
                         forgot to, last night, and I was so 
                         nervous I couldn't sleep." 
                     
                     
                         "You worry too much," said Mrs. 
                         Fenwick gayly. "Don't forget that 
                         these pearls are insured for fifty 
                         thousand dollars." 
                     
                     
                         "Yes, mother, but a robbery 
                         wouldn't be funny. And you're so 
                         careless about picking up new ac- 
                         quaintances." 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, stop lecturing, Beverly! 
                         Speaking of new acquaintances- 
                         after dinner, the hotel hostess in- 
                         troduced me to that distinguished- 
                         looking man we noticed in the din- 
                         ing room; His name is Luis Se- 
                         bastian. He's very charming. And 
                         what do you think he said to me?" 
                     
                     
                         "That he thought you and I 
                         looked like sisters, instead of mother 
                         and daughter," answered Beverly 
                         promptly. 
                     
                     
                         "How did you ever guess?" 
                     
                     
                         "Good heavens, mother, don't 
                         people say it wherever we go?" Bev- 
                         erly asked, somewhat mournfully. 
                     
                     
                         "Well, yes, they do," smiled Mrs. 
                         Fenwick, with a pleased look at her 
                         reflection. 
                     
                     
                         The glass mirroring their images 
                         testified that Mrs. Fenwick and her 
                         nineteen-year-old daughter did in- 
                         deed look like sisters. Beverly's fig- 
                         ure was no slenderer in her white 
                         evening gown than her mother's in 
                         a blue one. Mrs. Fenwick's hair, 
                         due to daily treatment, was an even 
                         more lustrous gold than that of her 
                         daughter. The mother's eyes were 
                         a light blue, while Beverly's eyes 
                         shaded toward violet. 
                     
                     
                         Both had the gorgeous, com- 
                         plexions that go with such fair col- 
                         oring, both were beautiful. Mrs. 
                         Fenwick's beauty was doll-like and 
                         dainty, compared with the healthy, 
                         glowing attractiveness of her daugh- 
                         ter. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "Really Mr. Sebastian is very in- 
                         teresting," Mrs. Fenwick went on. 
                         "He has traveled all over the world, 
                         and he's a delightful talker. And, 
                         oh, by the way, I also met that ath- 
                         letic-looking young man." 
                     
                     
                         "Which one do you mean?" Bev- 
                         erly spoke calmly, but her heart 
                         gave a queer little flipflop of an- 
                         ticipation. 
                     
                     
                         "You know- the only other at- 
                         tractive man in the hotel. The 
                         quiet one who's been sitting shyly 
                         on the porch, reading. His name 
                         is Gordon Larrimore. What do you 
                         say, Beverly, we go down now, 
                         gather him and Mr. Sebastian in, 
                         and hint that they take us to the 
                         grill for dancing?" 
                     
                     
                         "Mother!" Beverly was partly 
                         thrilled, partly apprehensive. 
                         "Please don't ask them, outright." 
                     
                     
                         "Of course not!" laughed Mrs. 
                         Fenwick. "Leave it to me to be 
                         subtle. And stop looking so wor- 
                         ried. Sometimes I feel you're ten 
                         years older than I." 
                     
                     
                         Beverly, selecting a wrap, sighed. 
                         She felt the same way. Her mother 
                         seemed so irresponsible. It was nice 
                         to have a young, beautiful mother, 
                         but sometimes she envied other 
                         girls. Girls who had stout, middle- 
                         aged mothers with graying hair- 
                         mothers who were not always sur- 
                         rounded by fascinated young men, 
                         who did not eclipse their shy youngs 
                         daughters. 
                     
                     
                         Beverly was not unsympathetic 
                         with her mother's keen enjoyment of 
                         being youngish and sought-after. 
                         She knew that Mrs. Fenwick, mar- 
                         ried when very young to a man 
                         twenty years her senior, had for 
                         years led a dull existence. It was 
                         only several years ago that, left a 
                         widow with a good income, she had 
                         really blossomed out and begun to 
                         enjoy life. 
                     
                     
                         Because of her earlier repression,  
                 
             
             
                 
                 26 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         Mrs. Fenwick now craved gayety in 
                         deep gulps. She wanted to make up 
                         for the lost years of youth; she rev- 
                         eled in the admiration of younger 
                         men. Beverly often squirmed un- 
                         comfortably, feeling that her mother 
                         was a bit too frivolous, especially 
                         when enlivened by an extra cock- 
                         tail. She lived in constant dread of 
                         Mrs. Fenwick's becoming too fool- 
                         ish over some, romantic youth. 
                     
                     
                         Fifteen minutes after they went 
                         down to the lobby, due to skillful 
                         maneuvers on Mrs. Fenwick's part, 
                         mother and daughter were seated in 
                         the grill. With them were Gordon 
                         Larrimore and Luis Sebastian. 
                     
                     
                         While her mother chattered gayly, 
                         Beverly quietly studied the two 
                         men. Both had dark hair, but Gor- 
                         don's was dark-brown and crisp, 
                         while Sebastian's was dark and 
                         sleek. Sebastian's eyes were black 
                         and penetrating. Gordon's were 
                         hazel and had a glint of humor in 
                         them. Sebiastian might be the 
                         handsomer, but she preferred Gor- 
                         don's bronzed, broad-shouldered 
                         good looks.  
                     
                         As the orchestra struck up, both 
                         men turned to ask Mrs. Fenwick 
                         for the first dance. Beverly was 
                         used to that. She was delighted to 
                         see her mother choose Sebastian as 
                         a partner. She felt a sense of de- 
                         licious contentment as she and Gor- 
                         don glided out upon the dance floor. 
                     
                     
                         His first words, however, robbed 
                         the moment of its pleasure. 
                     
                     
                         "You have a very beautiful 
                         mother," he observed. His eyes 
                         were following Mrs. Fenwick and 
                         Sebastian. 
                     
                     
                         "You thrill me," answered Bev- 
                         erly. "Do you always say such 
                         charming things?" 
                     
                     
                         He looked a trifle confused as he 
                         met her gaze. 
                     
                     
                         "Well, I was about to add that 
                         you greatly resemble her. In fact,  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         when I first saw you together, I 
                         thought-" 
                     
                     
                         "That we were sisters?" finished 
                         Beverly. "You're only the nine 
                         hundred and fiftieth man to say 
                         that." 
                     
                     
                         His eyes twinkled. She felt that 
                         he perceived her inner exasperation. 
                         "Then I'm not being very original, 
                         am I? I might as well say all the 
                         usual things. How do you like it 
                         here at this quiet lake resort?" 
                     
                     
                         "There's lots to do," she told him. 
                         "Boating, swimming, riding, tennis. 
                         How are you ait those things?" 
                     
                     
                         "Only fair," he replied. "Sounds 
                         too energetic for one who has come 
                         from an office for a few days rest."  
                     
                         She felt chagrined. His whole ap- 
                         pearance suggested, a love of the 
                         outdoors. The average young man 
                         would have eagerly sought her com- 
                         pany in a round of sports. Why did 
                         he evade her?- she wondered. Her 
                         heart sank at the thought that per- 
                         haps his interest was all for her fas- 
                         cinating mother. 
                     
                     
                         Her suspicions were borne out by 
                         the alacrity with which he asked 
                         Mrs. Fenwick for the following 
                         dance. For the next hour, he and 
                         Sebastian alternated in dancing with 
                         mother and daughter. Beverly had 
                         the all-too-familiar sensation of be- 
                         ing an outsider at the party. Her 
                         vivacious mother dominated the 
                         scene and claimed most of the two 
                         men's attention. 
                     
                     
                         "You're so silent to-night, Bev- 
                         erly, remarked Mrs. Fenwick," dur- 
                         ing an interval between numbers. 
                         "I have a very quiet daughter, gen- 
                         tlemen. She throws the whole Bur- 
                         den of conversation on me." 
                     
                     
                         "She is listening to you and learn- 
                         ing," declared Sebastian, with an 
                         arch glance. "And she is a lucky 
                         girl, to have such a charming in- 
                         structress." 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 Young And Beautiful 27 
                 
                     Beverly decided that she could not en- dure to watch Gordon acting like other young men who had fallen under her mother's
                        spell. "I have a headache she announced. If you'l excuse me, I'll go to my room." 
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "Flatterer!" said Mrs. Fenwick, 
                         who loved compliments. "Don't 
                         Europeans say the sweetest things, 
                         Mr. Larrimore?"  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Gordon smiled at her. "Who 
                         wouldn't, with you as an inspiration, 
                         Mrs. Fenwick?"  
                     
                         Her mother-beamed with pleasure, 
                         and Beverly decided that she could 
                         stand no more. She rose from the 
                         table. She could not endure to 
                         watch Gordon acting like other 
                         young men who had fallen under her 
                         mother's spell. 
                     
                     
                         "I have a headache," she an- 
                         nounced. "If you'll excuse me, I 
                         think I'll take a stroll in the gar- 
                         den before going to my room."  
                     
                         The men rose politely, and her 
                         eyes met those of Gordon. His were 
                         regretful, and for a fleeting second 
                         she fancied he was about to accom- 
                         pany her. Then his gaze dropped, 
                         and she left the room alone. There 
                         were tears of vexation- and some- 
                         thing deeper than vexation- in her 
                         eyes. 
                     
                     
                         Beverly breakfasted alone the 
                         next morning. She liked to go for 
                         a canter before the sun was high. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 28 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         Mrs. Fenwick seldom arose before 
                         ten o'clock. 
                     
                     
                         As she was leaving the dining 
                         room, Beverly met Gordon coming 
                         in. His eyes widened at sight of her 
                         in her trim white riding habit. She 
                         looked her charming, youthful best, 
                         and she knew it. 
                     
                     
                         He stammered a Good morning, 
                         and added, "You're really dazzling, 
                         Miss Fenwick, if you don't mind my 
                         saying so." 
                     
                     
                         "I don't. She smiled wickedly. 
                         "You're complimentary to mothers 
                         and daughters both, I see. How do 
                         you get on with grandmothers?" 
                     
                     
                         He looked taken aback at her sar-, 
                         casm. Then his jaw squared grimly. 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, I'm a riot in an old ladies 
                         home. Would you like to hear my 
                         memoirs sometime?" 
                     
                     
                         "Of course," she returned. "Some 
                         rainy day, by the fireside. And you 
                         can wear your slippers and relax." 
                     
                     
                         Then she went out to where the 
                         groom stood with her horse. Mount- 
                         ing, she galloped along the bridle 
                         trail that circled the lake. The 
                         fresh morning air brightened her 
                         eyes-and stung vivid color into her 
                         cheeks. It would have been per- 
                         fect, if Gordon, had been riding with 
                         her. 
                     
                     
                         She kept remembering the baffled 
                         look on his face. Her gibes had 
                         hurt him. Well, if she could hurt 
                         him, perhaps he was not indifferent 
                         to her. There had been undisguised 
                         admiration in his eyes, too, no-doubt 
                         of that. 
                     
                     
                         But the glow induced by these 
                         thoughts vanished two hours later, 
                         as she rode back to the hotel. She 
                         heard the gay voices of approaching 
                         riders through the trees. Her 
                         mother galloped into sight, and rid- 
                         ing with her were Gordon and Se- 
                         bastian. 
                     
                     
                         Beverly smilingly returned the 
                         greetings of her mother and Sebas-  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         tian. But her face froze a little as 
                         she met Gordon's pleasant smile. 
                     
                     
                         "So you finally tottered out into 
                         the sunshine?" she said, as if ad- 
                         dressing a white-bearded old man.  
                     
                         This time he refused to look hurt. 
                         He reined in. "Come along with 
                         us," he invited, "and I'll race you 
                         five miles, little one." 
                     
                     
                         "No, thanks," she declined; "you 
                         might collapse and not be able to 
                         play checkers to-night." 
                     
                     
                         A spark leaped into his eyes. 
                         "Look out. I might take the pre- 
                         rogative of the elders you class me 
                         with, and give you the spanking you 
                         need." 
                     
                     
                         She laughed tantalizingly, happy 
                         to see him stung by what she had 
                         said. 
                     
                     
                         "It isn't that I class you with my 
                         elders," she returned. "It's that you 
                         can't tear yourself away from them. 
                         And it's beginning to get you. 
                         You're aging, right before my eyes." 
                     
                     
                         As he started to reply, an impulse- 
                         of deviltry seized her. Raising her 
                         riding crop, she brought it down 
                         sharply on his horse's flank. The 
                         startled animal bolted, giving him 
                         plenty to do to manage it. Looking 
                         after him, she saw by the way he got 
                         the mount under control that he was 
                         an accomplished horseman. 
                     
                     
                         She rode back to the hotel, won- 
                         dering what had possessed her to 
                         act like that. Was it love? Was it 
                         love that made her so exasperated 
                         at Gordon that she felt she hated 
                         him, yet wanted to be in his arms? 
                         Did love make you so wistful and 
                         unhappy, and yet so thrilly inside 
                         of you? 
                     
                     
                         After lunch, Beverly arranged to 
                         have a canoe held for her at the 
                         landing. She hoped that Gordon 
                         would see her embarking. Perhaps 
                         it was this thought that led her to 
                         don her most becoming- and dar- 
                         ing- bathing suit.  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Young And Beautiful 29 
                 
                     
                     
                         To her joy, Gordon was stand- 
                         ing on the side porch as she went 
                         toward the landing. She pretended 
                         not to see him until he hailed her. 
                     
                     
                         "Not going swimming in that icy 
                         lake, are you?" 
                     
                     
                         Pausing, she looked up. She had 
                         seen the eyes of many men widen 
                         with keen admiration at sight of her 
                         in a bathing suit. But to see such 
                         a look on his face fairly made her 
                         tingle. 
                     
                     
                         "I'm going to paddle my own 
                         canoe," she said. T"hat is, unless 
                         I can find a strong man to help me. 
                         How'd you like to ship on a voyage 
                         around the lake?" 
                     
                     
                         "I'm awfully sorry." A deepen- 
                         ing warmth of sincerity was in his 
                         tone. "But I've promised to make 
                         a fourth at bridge with Mr. Sebas- 
                         tian, your mother, and another 
                         lady." 
                     
                     
                         "Oh!" She caught her breath, 
                         and again exasperation swept over 
                         her. If his eyes really meant what 
                         they said, why was he always at her 
                         mother's side? 
                     
                     
                         "Better be careful," she advised 
                         him mockingly; "You'll be tired 
                         out, lifting those heavy cards. I 
                         don't know how you stand the 
                         pace!" 
                     
                     
                         He glared down at her." It isn t 
                         only your canoe that needs pad- 
                         dling," he growled. For a moment 
                         she thought he was going to vault 
                         the railing and carry out his threat. 
                     
                     
                         Then he glanced out over the lake, 
                         and his expression changed. "Lots 
                         of whitecaps on the water. Don't 
                         you think it's too choppy to go ca- 
                         noeing?" 
                     
                     
                         "Maybe, for bridge players," Bev- 
                         erly retorted. "But I don't think 
                         so." 
                     
                     
                         She swung on her heel and walked 
                         away, disappointed that he called no 
                         reply after her. As she started pad- 
                         dling from shore, she could see him  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         on the porch, watching her. Then 
                         he went inside. During the next 
                         two hours, he reappeared at inter- 
                         vals, no doubt when he was dummy. 
                         She derived some satisfaction from 
                         believing that he was following her 
                         with his eyes. 
                     
                     
                         Pride alone kept her on the lake 
                         after the first half hour. The water 
                         was choppy, and the wind had a 
                         knifelike edge. But she felt that 
                         to go ashore would be admitting that 
                         Gordon had been right. 
                     
                     
                         Presently the wind increased, and 
                         she decided to turn back. She 
                         veered too sharply, however, letting 
                         the canoe's bow leap out of the 
                         water. The swirling waves rushed 
                         under it, and Beverly found herself 
                         in the lake with the canoe capsized. 
                     
                     
                         The water was icy-cold, but after 
                         she caught her breath she was not 
                         alarmed. She was an excellent 
                         swimmer. About to start for shore, 
                         she glanced toward the hotel. There 
                         on the porch stood Gordon's famil- 
                         iar figure. Knowing that she was 
                         cleanly visible to him, she sent out 
                         a long, piercing scream. 
                     
                     
                         She saw him leap the railing and 
                         run to the landing. There he re- 
                         moved his coat, kicked off his shoes, 
                         and dived into the lake. As he cut 
                         through the water toward her with 
                         long, strong strokes, she perceived 
                         that he was an exceptionally good 
                         swimmer. 
                     
                     
                         Nearing the capsized canoe to 
                         which she clung, he blinked the wa- 
                         ter from his eyes and called 
                         hoarsely: "Miss Fenwick! Bev- 
                         erly! Are you all right?" 
                     
                     
                         "Never better," she responded 
                         cheerfully. "It was nice of you to 
                         swim out and visit me." 
                     
                     
                         She smiled gayly at him. His face 
                         grew grim as, treading water, he 
                         stared at her. 
                     
                     
                         "You don't seem to need help," he  
                 
             
             
                 
                 30 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         said ominously. "What was all 
                         screaming for?" 
                     
                     
                         "I wanted to see if you'd leave 
                         your bridge game," she asserted. 
                     
                     
                         "Now that you're here, I'll race you 
                         back to shore." 
                     
                     
                         For answer, he lunged toward her. 
                         The next moment Beverly was 
                         grasped in his strong arms 
                         face down against the overturned 
                         canoe, and spanked twice, stingingly.  
                     
                         Spluttering, gasping 
                         when he released her, 
                         she faced him, her eyes 
                         blazing. She felt out- 
                         raged and humiliated.  
                     
                         "I hate you!" she 
                         cried. "How dared you 
                         do that to me?" 
                     
                     
                         "You asked for it, 
                         and you got it," he an- 
                         swered. His face was 
                         calm now, and his eyes 
                         friendly and warm. 
                         "Now let's get back to 
                         land." 
                     
                     
                         "I'll go back by my- 
                         self!" she cried. "Go 
                         away and let me alone, you brute!"  
                     
                         "I'm going with you," he an- 
                         nounced resolutely. 
                     
                     
                         If the water had not been so icy, 
                         Beverly would have remained there 
                         obstinately. But she was becoming 
                         chilled. She struck out for shore at 
                         her fastest pace, hoping to outdis- 
                         tance him. To her irritation, he 
                         kept at her side with ease. 
                     
                     
                         Halfway to the landing, her 
                         limbs began to grow leaden. Her 
                         body went numb, and her head felt 
                         dizzy. She turned a puzzled, help- 
                         less look toward Gordon. He swam 
                         closer to her. His brawny arm went 
                         across her shoulders, and she sighed. 
                         Then she lost consciousness.  
                     
                         When she opened her eyes Gor- 
                         don was lowering her gently into her 
                         bed. Behind him she glimpsed the  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         anxious face of her mother and the 
                         countenance of the hotel physician. 
                         "I'm sorry," she whispered weakly 
                         to Gordon.  
                     
                         He smiled softly and let his hands 
                         come away from her slowly, reluc- 
                         tantly. Then he stepped aside for 
                         the doctor.  
                     
                         Beverly emerged from the esca- 
                         pade with nothing worse than a se- 
                         vere cold.She was forced to keep 
                         to her room for the rest 
                         of the week. Ordinarily 
                         this would have been 
                         hard enough on her 
                         active temperament. 
                         Now it meant not see- 
                         ing Gordon, and that 
                         made it ten times worse. 
                     
                     
                         He sent her a large 
                         bouquet of flowers, and 
                         she was thrilled almost 
                         to tears. There was no 
                         florist at the resort. 
                         She realized that he 
                         must have plucked 
                         those wild flowers after 
                         hours of tramping 
                          about the slopes. They wilted in a 
                         day, but she would not have them 
                         thrown out. His flowers!  
                     
                         After dinner in her room serveral 
                         nights later she announced: 
                         "Mother, I feel well enough to go 
                         downstairs this evening. In fact, I 
                         could stand a couple of hours of 
                         dancing. 
                     
                     
                         "Splendid, my dear!" enthused 
                         Mrs. Fenwick. "And it will be a 
                         great relief to me if you'll take Gor- 
                         don Larrimore off my hands for 
                         once. He trails me everywhere I go, 
                         and I haven't had five minutes alone 
                         with that fascinating Sebas- 
                         tian." 
                     
                     
                         "Really!" said Beverly faintly. 
                         Her mother had no idea how her 
                         words tor at the girl's heart. So 
                         he was still pursuing her mother! 
                         "Of course, I'm flattered by his 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 Young And Beautiful 31 
                 
                     
                     
                         attentions," Mrs. Fenwick rattled 
                         on. "He and Sebastian are both 
                         handsome, both interesting-" 
                     
                     
                         "And both years younger than 
                         you, especially Gordon," finished 
                         Beverly. "I hope you're not tak- 
                         ing either of them seriously." 
                     
                     
                         "There you go, always remind- 
                         ing me of my age!" her mother 
                         pouted. "Other people don't think 
                         I'm as ancient as you do, Beverly. 
                         I'm only five or six years older than 
                         Luis Sebastian, and I don't look it. 
                         Sometimes I think you're jealous be- 
                         cause men seem to prefer my 
                         beauty!" 
                     
                     
                         "I'm not jealous, mother," Bev- 
                         erly protested. Nevertheless, she 
                         felt a twinge of conscience. She 
                         never had been jealous until Gor- 
                         don appeared. "But I wish you'd 
                         become interested in older men, like, 
                         our lawyer, who has adored you for 
                         years. I'm always afraid you'll get 
                         silly over some young man, and 
                         then--" 
                     
                     
                         Her voice trailed off. Mrs. Fen- 
                         wick burst into tears. 
                     
                     
                         "You begrudge my having any 
                         fun in life. I'll be old soon enough. 
                         I think it's horrid of you, Beverly."  
                     
                         Beverly sighed. Her mother was 
                         just like a child. 
                     
                     
                         "I'm sorry, mother. Let's forget 
                         it," she said, putting her arms about 
                         the older woman affectionately. All 
                         such scenes inevitably ended with 
                         Beverly apologetic and remorseful. 
                     
                     
                         Mrs. Fenwick, dabbing at her 
                         eyes, took advantage of her daugh- 
                         ter's softened mood. 
                     
                     
                         "Darling, do something for me, 
                         won't you? We're leaving to-mor- 
                         row, so this is the last night I can 
                         spend with Luis." 
                     
                     
                         "What can I do?" asked Beverly 
                         wonderingly. 
                     
                     
                         "You can get rid of Gordon for 
                         me. When you see him in the lobby, 
                         tell him I'm staying in my room for  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         the evening. Then I'll phone Luis's 
                         room, and we'll steal away to the 
                         Lakeside Casino for a few dances." 
                         Beverly hesitated, and her mother, 
                         reading her thoughts, urged her: 
                     
                     
                         "Please, dear! I'll enjoy it so. I'll 
                         probably never see him again, and 
                         I promise not to drink more than 
                         two cocktails." 
                     
                     
                         "All right, mother, I'll do it," 
                         promised Beverly. She felt a cer- 
                         tain pleasure in the thought that, 
                         though she did not relish the decep- 
                         tion, it would enable her to have 
                         Gordon to herself for a last few 
                         hours. 
                     
                     
                         He was not in the lobby when 
                         Beverly stepped from the elevator. 
                         Sebastian was there, however. 
                     
                     
                         "You are charming this evening, 
                         Miss Fenwick," he said, bowing. His 
                         gaze traveled over her lithe form in 
                         its close-fitting gown of jade green. 
                         "You are like a goddess of the dance, 
                         all green and gold." 
                     
                     
                         Beverly smiled coldly. She did 
                         not like his bold eyes. They made 
                         her feel creepy. 
                     
                     
                         "Mother has not come down yet," 
                         she informed him abruptly. "She is 
                         still in her room." 
                     
                     
                         He smirked complacently, as if 
                         there were some secret understand- 
                         ing between them. Then he bowed 
                         and left the lobby. 
                     
                     
                         A moment later Gordon sauntered 
                         in. Her heart leaped at his ap- 
                         proach. 
                     
                     
                         "Being confined to your room has 
                         improved your looks, if that were 
                         possible." He smiled. "Golden hair 
                         -green gown- blue eyes reflecting 
                         the green I call it bewitching!"  
                     
                         Where Sebastian's compliments 
                         had repelled her, Gordon's words 
                         caused her to glow with inner hap- 
                         piness. 
                     
                     
                         "You're looking quite fit your- 
                         self," she said. How you stand up  
                 
             
             
                 
                 32 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         under bridge and other indoor ath- 
                         letics, I don't know!" 
                     
                     
                         "Are you going to start that 
                         again?" he groaned. His eyes went 
                         past her to the elevators. "How is 
                         your mother this evening?"  
                     
                         This query set Beverly's teeth on 
                         edge. "And are you going to start 
                         that? Now suppose I ask about 
                         your parents? Then we'll inquire 
                         after each other's grandparents, and 
                         settle down to a cozy chat about 
                         the Civil War." 
                     
                     
                         "You're a brat!" he muttered. 
                         But there was a touch of embarrass- 
                         ment in his manner that made her 
                         take pity on him. 
                     
                     
                         "Mother asked me to tell her pub- 
                         lic that she will stay in her room 
                         this evening," she told him, keeping 
                         as close to the truth as possible. 
                     
                     
                         "Really?" His face lighted with 
                         apparent relief. It puzzled her. 
                     
                     
                         "That was her message. Can I 
                         help you to kill a lonely evening at 
                         dominoes or checkers?" 
                     
                     
                         Instead of being annoyed, he- 
                         broke into laughter. 
                     
                     
                         "You have a lovely sense of hu- 
                         mor. I like it," he asserted. "Let's 
                         declare a truce and go down to the 
                         grill and dance." 
                     
                     
                         "Fine!" she accepted enthusiasti- 
                         cally.  
                     
                         They danced until near midnight. 
                         The hours passed like a roseate, rap- 
                         turous dream to Beverly. At last 
                         she had Gordon all to herself! He 
                         proved a delightful companion a 
                         perfect one, she thought. For she 
                         was gloriously, completely in love 
                         with him, and she admitted it to 
                         herself without reservation. 
                     
                     
                         And it seemed to her that his 
                         feeling toward her was more than 
                         casual. A man reveals so much 
                         when he looks in a certain way at 
                         a girl, keeps his eyes on her alone, 
                         trembles when his hand touches 
                         hers. As the evening wore on, they  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         became a little graver, a little shyer 
                         with each other, as if deep emotions 
                         were surging within them. 
                     
                     
                         "Let's take a turn in the air," he 
                         suggested finally. 
                     
                     
                         They went out to the terrace and 
                         around to the deserted porch of the 
                         hotel. An intimate silence fell be- 
                         tween them as they gazed out over 
                         the moonlit waters of the lake. 
                     
                     
                         "I wonder what is at the end of 
                         that moonglade," Beverly mused at 
                         last. "Is it like a rainbow, do you 
                         think?" 
                     
                     
                         He looked at the long path of sil- 
                         ver stretching to the horizon. "No 
                         There's no pot of gold there. I'll 
                         tell you what I think: If we could, 
                         reach the moonglade's end, we'd find 
                         the, answer to our dreams. What 
                         would yours be?" 
                     
                     
                         She met his glance, intently chal- 
                         lenging. 
                     
                     
                         "I hope you won't laugh," she 
                         said. "What I'd want to find there 
                         would be just a home." 
                     
                     
                         "Just a home?" He stared in sur- 
                         prise. 
                     
                     
                         "Yes. It needn't be a big one, 
                         nor a grand one. But a home, a 
                         real home. You see, mother and I 
                         travel from hotel to hotel. She 
                         loves it, but I'm deathly tired of it. 
                         So I'dream of a home of my own." 
                     
                     
                         She was really afraid he might be 
                         amused. But he looked at her with 
                         deepening approval, and his voice 
                         was tender when he spoke. 
                     
                     
                         "I like that," he declared. "A 
                         home! But wouldn't you want 
                         some one to share it with you, Bev- 
                         erly?" 
                     
                     
                         He was gazing intently at her. 
                         A strange timidity assailed her, and 
                         she could not raise her eyes to his. 
                         How could she let him read what 
                         was so plainly written there? 
                     
                     
                         "You're asking too many ques- 
                         tions," she parried. "Suppose you 
                         answer one. What dream would you  
                 
                 LS 2F 
             
             
                 
                 Young And Beautiful 33 
                 
                     She clutched at his arm almost frantically. "Gordon, I don't understand you!" she cried. "What can it matter to you if my
                        mother is out with Luis Sebastian?" But Gordon freed his arm and ran to his car. 
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         hope to find answered at the end of 
                         the moonglade?" 
                     
                     
                         It was his turn to display a sort 
                         of shyness. 
                     
                     
                         "The answer to my dream?" His 
                         voice was hesitant, but vibrant with 
                         rising emotion. "Well-" 
                     
                     
                         A sudden gust of wind came from 
                         the lake, and Beverly pulled her 
                         wrap closer about her. His hands 
                         went out to help her. She felt his 
                         fingers trembling at her shoulders  
                 
                 
                     

                     
                         as his hands hovered, reluctant to 
                         draw away. Almost insensibly she 
                         swayed toward him. Then his arms 
                         went about her, and he drew her to 
                         him and held her close. 
                     
                     
                         She raised her eyes to his, and 
                         then, swiftly, crushingly, his lips 
                         were on hers. He kissed her again 
                         and again, as though he could never 
                         have enough. She returned his 
                         kisses, afloat in a warm sea of lan- 
                         guorous delight, athrill with the con-  
                     
                 
                 LS 3F 
             
             
                 
                 34 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         tented rapture of love given and 
                         returned. 
                     
                     
                         At last, breathless, she drew back 
                         with a smile and a faint shake of her 
                         head. Now she wanted to have him 
                         speak, to put his endearments into 
                         words. 
                     
                     
                         He gazed down at her, his eyes 
                         melting into hers. 
                     
                     
                         "That's the answer to my dreams, 
                         darling," he began. "You in my 
                         arms, and-" 
                     
                     
                         Footsteps behind them made him 
                         pause. Beverly drew away from him 
                         as some one came up the steps. It 
                         was the young assistant manager of 
                         the hotel. 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, good evening, Miss Fen- 
                         wick," he murmured. "And, Mr. 
                         Larrimore, how are you?" 
                     
                     
                         He looked fully as embarrassed as 
                         they over having interrupted their 
                         tête-à-tête. Trying to ease the situa- 
                         tion, he paused and turned just be- 
                         fore he entered the lobby. 
                     
                     
                         "I saw that charming mother of 
                         yours at the casino," he said to 
                         Beverly. "She was certainly enjoy- 
                         ing herself." 
                     
                     
                         Then he left them, blissfully igno- 
                         rant of having hurled a verbal bomb- 
                         shell. 
                     
                     
                         Gordon's manner underwent a 
                         complete change. He looked at Bev- 
                         erly accusingly, his brows knitting 
                         together. "I thought you said your 
                         mother was staying in her room?"  
                     
                         "That's what she wanted me to 
                         say," explained Beverly. "But, in- 
                         stead, she went to the Lakeside 
                         Casino with-" 
                     
                     
                         "With Sebastian!" he burst out, 
                         and she nodded, wondering at his 
                         vehemence. Then, to her greater 
                         astonishment, he started across to- 
                         ward the steps. 
                     
                     
                         Bewildered, she clutched- at his 
                         arm almost frantically. 
                     
                     
                         "Gordon, I don't understand 
                         you!" she cried, her voice breaking. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "What can it matter to you what 
                         my mother does, if-" 
                     
                     
                         But, with an impatient shake of 
                         his head, he freed his arm and fairly 
                         ran down the steps and around the 
                         drive toward the hotel garage. Two 
                         minutes later, he roared past the 
                         porch in his roadster. The sound of 
                         his motor died away in the direc- 
                         tion of the casino. 
                     
                     
                         Beverly, moving as in a dream, 
                         went down the steps and gazed 
                         blankly after him. So rapidly had 
                         shock followed shock that she was 
                         still dry-eyed, hurt to numbness. 
                     
                     
                         So he had made love to her only 
                         in the absence of her mother! And 
                         the moment he had learned where 
                         her mother was, he had flung off 
                         after her! 
                     
                     
                         Great sobs began to shake the 
                         girl's slender body. Like a wounded 
                         thing, she wandered into the hotel 
                         garden and, flinging herself upon a 
                         bench, gave way to her heartbreak 
                         and humiliation. 
                     
                     
                         Half an hour later, her grief mo- 
                         mentarily spent, Beverly rose wea- 
                         rily from the bench. She entered 
                         the hotel by a rear door, not want- 
                         ing any one to see her stricken face 
                         and swollen eyelids. 
                     
                     
                         She found herself in the unlighted 
                         sun parlor. Off this room a rear 
                         staircase led to the upper floors. She 
                         was moving across the room, feeling 
                         her way, when two persons entered 
                         at the side door from the porch. 
                     
                     
                         She drew back into the shadows. 
                         The porch light fell on the pair who 
                         had come in. Her mother and Se- 
                         bastian! She smiled bitterly at the 
                         realization that Gordon had evi- 
                         dently missed them. Then she drew 
                         in her breath sharply as she saw that 
                         her mother was walking a little un- 
                         steadily. 
                     
                     
                         "I feel funny," said Mrs. Fen- 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 Young And Beautiful 35 
                 
                     
                     
                         wick, pausing near the door. "What 
                         was in that last cocktail I drank, 
                         Luis?" 
                     
                     
                         "Nothing that wasn't good for 
                         you," Sebastian assured her suavely. 
                         "Perhaps you'd best sit down a sec- 
                         ond." 
                     
                     
                         He assisted Mrs. Fenwick to a 
                         chaise longue. Her head sank 
                         back, she murmured something, then 
                         sank into deep slumber. 
                     
                     
                         With quick, catlike movements 
                         Sebastian bent over her and re- 
                         moved the pearl necklace 
                         from her throat. He was 
                         hurrying toward the door 
                         when Beverly stepped 
                         from the shadows. 
                     
                     
                         "Just a minute, Mr.  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Sebastian! Where do you think you 
                         are going with those pearls?"  
                     
                         Startled, he wheeled toward her. 
                         At the same instant his hand flashed 
                         up, pointing a revolver at her. 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, it's you, Miss Fenwick. 
                         Kindly don't raise your voice, or I 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         With quick movements Sebastian removed the pearl necklace from Mrs. Fenwick's throat. Then Beverly stepped from the
                            shadows. "Just a minute, Mr. Sebastian! Where do you think you are going with those pearls?" 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 36 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         shall have to do something regret- 
                         table. Just turn your back to me, 
                         and put both hands behind you." 
                     
                     
                         There was no mistaking the steely 
                         menace in his low tones. Beverly 
                         did as he ordered. Hastily he tore 
                         some pull cords from the window 
                         drapes and tied her hands and feet. 
                         Then he turned her around to gag 
                         her with a handkerchief. 
                     
                     
                         Behind him she saw suddenly a 
                         man's form blocking the doorway. 
                         Her heart gave a leap as she rec- 
                         ognized Gordon. The next moment 
                         he sprang across the intervening 
                         space and hurled his six feet of 
                         weight and muscle upon Sebastian. 
                     
                     
                         Sebastian struggled fiercely, but 
                         once the revolver was wrested from 
                         his grasp he was at the mercy of 
                          the stronger man. By the time ho- 
                         tel attendants rushed to the scene, 
                         Gordon had his opponent down. 
                     
                     
                         Beverly sighed, and then did a sur- 
                         prising thing for a healthy, athletic 
                         girl. She quietly fainted. 
                     
                     
                         It was the following morning, in 
                         the sitting room of the Fenwicks 
                         suite. 
                     
                     
                         "You see," explained Gordon, 
                         "my father is president of the Zenith 
                         Insurance Co. I'm a member of the 
                         firm, in charge of the operatives- 
                         the detectives who investigate jewel 
                         thefts." 
                     
                     
                         "I begin to see," said Beverly. 
                         Her eyes were shining as she 
                         watched him pace the room while he 
                         talked. 
                     
                     
                         "I came here for a few days 
                         rest," he went on. "Then I saw 
                         this fellow Sebastian hanging around 
                         your mother. I recognized him as 
                         a man we had had under suspicion 
                         in a recent robbery. So what could 
                         I do? Your mother's jewels were 
                         insured by our company. It be-  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         came my duty to stick close to her 
                         and Sebastian. I couldn't arrest 
                         him until he did something crimi- 
                         nal." 
                     
                     
                         "So that's why you left me," she 
                         murmured, "right in the middle 
                         of-" 
                     
                     
                         "Of telling you I loved you? Yes. 
                         I knew your mother was in danger, 
                         and there was no time to lose. I 
                         reached the, casino after she and 
                         Sebastian had left, trailed them back 
                         here, and caught him red-handed."  
                     
                         He came across the room now and 
                         took her hands in his, looking down 
                         at her-tenderly. 
                     
                     
                         "May I go on where I left off, 
                         darling, and tell you that I love 
                         you, adore you, want you? That 
                         from the moment I saw you, I knew 
                         you were the answer to all my 
                         dreams?" 
                     
                     
                         "I want to hear it all," she 
                         breathed, "over and over again. 
                         But, first, hold me tight and kiss 
                         me!" 
                     
                     
                         He took her in his arms, and she 
                         gave herself up, utterly to the sweet, 
                         delicious rapture of his kiss. 
                     
                     
                         A voice behind them finally broke 
                         in upon their blissful oblivion. 
                     
                     
                         "You make a sweet couple," said - 
                         Mrs. Fenwick from the doorway. 
                         She came toward them smilingly. 
                     
                     
                         "How disillusioned I was!" she 
                         continued lightly. "Thinking two 
                         young men were fascinated by me, 
                         when one wanted my pearls and the 
                         other only wished to protect me." 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, mother, don't you mind!" ex- 
                         claimed Beverly, embracing her 
                         sympathetically.  
                     
                         "No sympathy needed, my dear. 
                         I'm cured. I've just accepted my 
                         lawyer's proposal of marriage over 
                         the telephone. We'll have a gorgeous 
                         double wedding, Beverly!" 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 
                 
                     Midnight Madness 
                 
                 
                     By  Joan King  
                     A SERIAL - Part IV. 
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         CHAPTER VII.  
                     
                         JANICE woke and lay gazing at 
                         the pale shaft of sunlight strug- 
                         gling in between the drawn 
                         satin damask curtains of her bed- 
                         room windows. At first, sleep still 
                         lay heavy on her lids, misting her 
                         brain; then memory flooded back. 
                     
                     
                         Last night had been the night of 
                         the play and the supper dance. 
                     
                     
                         Had she dreamed it, or had that 
                         scene in her husband's room really 
                         happened? 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         She closed her eyes and lay 
                         breathing quickly, her hands pressed 
                         against her madly beating heart. 
                         She could hear again the murmur 
                         of her husband's voice, whispering 
                         his love, could feel the pressure of 
                         his arms as they held her, the throb 
                         of his kisses oil her throat, against 
                         her lips. 
                     
                     
                         She had believed that she would 
                         give years of her life to know that 
                         he loved her for one hour and she 
                         had had her hour of ecstasy. 
                     
                     
                         She had taken the love which was  
                 
             
             
                 
                 38 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         hers by right, yet the love she had 
                         taken had been meant for another 
                         girl. 
                     
                     
                         Because of the remains of the fe- 
                         ver that was upon him and the drugs 
                         he had been obliged to take during 
                         the day, he had mistaken her for 
                         Gina Mornington. 
                     
                     
                         What would he think if he ever 
                         found out the truth? She had been 
                         mad- mad! 
                     
                     
                         Yet the memory 
                         of that madness 
                         thrilled her from 
                         head to foot, and 
                         she knew that, no 
                         matter what price 
                         she paid, she would 
                         never really regret. 
                     
                     
                         If out of all her 
                         life she was to have 
                         no more than that 
                         one hour at least, 
                         it could never be 
                         taken from her. 
                     
                     
                         But she was bit- 
                         terly ashamed when 
                         she thought of what 
                         the man she loved 
                         would think of her 
                         if he ever knew. He 
                         must never know; 
                         she was determined 
                         on that point. 
                     
                     
                         But how was she 
                         going to face him? 
                     
                     
                         She prayed that 
                         he might be remaining in his room 
                         that day anyhow, until she had 
                         more time to collect her courage. 
                     
                     
                         Presently, the maid brought her 
                         morning coffee, explaining that she 
                         served it late, as she knew that 
                         Janice must have been very tired 
                         the night before. 
                     
                     
                         Janice bade the girl draw her 
                         bath, but she was very slow get- 
                         ting dressed, and finally ordered 
                         breakfast to be brought up to her 
                         own room. Somehow, she dreaded  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         going down that morning, even 
                         though she believed that her hus- 
                         band was still in his room. 
                     
                     
                         But when she did go down, she 
                         opened the library door and saw her 
                         husband seated at his desk, looking 
                         through some papers. 
                     
                     
                         He still looked ill, but the signs 
                         of fever had gone. As he glanced 
                         up and saw her, he gave a start. 
                     
                     
                         "Hello, Janice!" 
                         he exclaimed. "How 
                         did everything go?"  
                     
                         She noticed for 
                         the first time his 
                         eyes did not meet 
                         hers, and her heart 
                         missed a beat. 
                     
                     
                         It needed a great 
                         effort to make her 
                         voice sound steady 
                         as she moved for- 
                         ward. 
                     
                     
                         "Everything went 
                         off very success- 
                         fully, thanks," she 
                         replied. "But I 
                         don't think that 
                         you ought to be 
                         downstairs. You 
                         were very ill yester- 
                         day." 
                     
                     
                         He made an im- 
                         patient movement. 
                     
                     
                         "I've had attacks 
                         like that before. I 
                         can shake them off. 
                         If there is anything I loathe, it is 
                         staying in my bedroom. I am all 
                         right to-day- except that my head- 
                         is a little woozy from so much qui- 
                         nine." 
                     
                     
                         She turned away and looked out 
                         of the window. 
                     
                     
                         "Well, you know best how you 
                         feel yourself," she replied. "I must 
                         go into town this morning. Can I 
                         do anything for you while I'm down 
                         there?" 
                     
                     
                         He hesitated.  
                 
                 
                      THE STORY SO FAR: Jan- ice Temple, out of a job, is returning to her home town when, on the train, she meets Roger Greville,
                        who has just been jilted by his fiancee, Gina Mornington. Hating to tell his father, who has never seen Gina, what has
                        happened, he persuades Janice to pose as his fiancee for a month. Roger's father has a stroke, and before he dies he begs
                        Roger to marry Janice. After the old man's death, Roger insists that they pretend that they are happily married. He also
                        forbids her to continue her friendship with Sefton Arlen, a neighbor friend. Roger and Janice become good friends, and Janice
                        hopes that Roger is learning to love her when Gina Mornington returns, determined to win Roger for herself. Roger comes down
                        with an attack of fever, and Janice is with him when he takes her in his arms and kisses her, telling her he loves her, but
                        calling her Gina. 
                 
             
             
                 
                 Midnight Madness 39 
                 
                     
                     
                         "If you don't mind leaving a 
                         package with Lawrence &amp; Nye's," he 
                         said. "There are some papers they 
                         wanted my signature to." 
                     
                     
                         Lawrence &amp; Nye were the family 
                         lawyers. 
                     
                     
                         Janice was glad that she really 
                         had an excuse to go into the town, 
                         for apart from his errand she had 
                         nothing to do there at all. But she 
                         felt that she could not stay indoors, 
                         could not bear to be alone with 
                         Roger lest she should betray herself. 
                     
                     
                         She loved him so much, and in 
                         spite of everything, she was less than 
                         nothing to him. The knowledge was 
                         double torture now. 
                     
                     
                         When she had gone, he sat star- 
                         ing in front of him, his hands 
                         clenched. He, too, was tortured- 
                         tortured by uncertainty which if it 
                         were turned into certainty, he felt, 
                         would be still greater agony. 
                     
                     
                         But he told himself it couldn't be 
                         true. 
                     
                     
                         Gina Mornington could not have 
                         come to him last night the memo- 
                         ries which haunted him were just a 
                         dream. 
                     
                     
                         He reached for a book and, open- 
                         ing it, tried to read, but he could 
                         not do so. All the time, a girl's 
                         face came between him and the 
                         printed page. 
                     
                     
                         It was not the face of the girl he 
                         believed he loved, but of the girl 
                         whom he had made his wife. 
                     
                     
                         He shut the book impatiently. 
                     
                     
                         Why should he be so strangely 
                         haunted by Janice? Why should he 
                         imagine that there was something 
                         different about her to-day, as though 
                         her beauty had intensified and at 
                         the same time taken on a hint of 
                         tragedy which it had not held be- 
                         fore? 
                     
                     
                         Could it be possible that she cared 
                         for Sefton Arlen? 
                     
                     
                         It was strange how the thought  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         disturbed him. Yet she was noth- 
                         ing to him. 
                     
                     
                         Nothing? A dark flush stained 
                         his cheek. 
                     
                     
                         She was a girl whose life he had 
                         taken and used for his own ends, 
                         and however much he might tell 
                         himself that she had benefited by 
                         the change in her circumstances, his 
                         sense of justice and his sense of 
                         honor both told him that she de- 
                         served more than he had given her. 
                     
                     
                         Suddenly he found himself re- 
                         membering the strange attraction 
                         which she had held for him that 
                         kiss with which he had claimed his 
                         bride at his father's bedside, that 
                         night when he had paced beneath 
                         her window and felt the strength of 
                         his emotions like a magnet drawing 
                         him to her. 
                     
                     
                         It seemed years ago now. All that 
                         part of his life appeared to have 
                         been cut away by the arrival of 
                         Gina Mornington. 
                     
                     
                         Suppose Gina Mornington had not 
                         come back? Would he have learned 
                         to love the girl whom he had mar- 
                         ried? 
                     
                     
                         But he told himself impatiently, 
                         that love comes only once in a life- 
                         time- real love- and that he had 
                         given to Gina Mornington. 
                     
                     
                         He rose impatiently and, walking 
                         across to the desk, helped himself 
                         to a cigarette from the box which 
                         stood upon it. But, after one or two 
                         puffs, he flung it into the fire. 
                     
                     
                         He crossed the room and sat down 
                         on a couch near one of the long 
                         French windows. 
                     
                     
                         While he sat there staring discon- 
                         tentedly into space, he heard a girl's 
                         voice outside the door and turned 
                         his head quickly as it opened, ex- 
                         pecting to see Janice, but the girl 
                         who stood smiling at him from the 
                         threshold was Gina Mornington. 
                     
                     
                         "You're not to get up!" she ex-  
                 
             
             
                 
                 40 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         claimed as he would have risen, and 
                         reaching his side, pressed him back 
                         into his seat. I was determined to 
                         come and find out how you were, 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         and when the butler told me you 
                         were downstairs, I insisted on com- 
                         ing in and annoucing myself." She 
                         seated herself beside him, looking 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Janice closed her eyes and lay breathing quickly, her hands pressed against her madly beating heart. She could hear
                            again the murmur of her hus- band's voice, could feel the pressure of his arms, the throb of his kisses. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 Midnight Madness 41 
                 
                     
                     
                         anxiously into his face. "I was so 
                         terribly worried, I felt that I sim- 
                         ply had to come and see how you 
                         were to-day, my dear." 
                     
                     
                         "I'm all right," he told her, a 
                         touch of restraint in his voice. 
                     
                     
                         She made no reply. 
                     
                     
                         Suddenly, as their eyes met, he 
                         bent toward her. 
                     
                     
                         "Gina," he said, his hand closing 
                         over her wrist, "last night- 
                         Where were you?" 
                     
                     
                         "What do you mean?" she asked, 
                         and something she could not define 
                         stopped her from saying more as 
                         she gazed into his troubled face. 
                     
                     
                         He released her, passing one hand 
                         over his eyes. 
                     
                     
                         "Last night, I had a strange 
                         dream," he told her. I was alone 
                         in my room and had fallen asleep 
                         by the fire. Suddenly, I woke up, 
                         and you were there, bending over 
                         me. You and I were there alone. 
                         I could have sworn, when I woke up 
                         this morning, that it was true." 
                     
                     
                         As she listened, her heart began 
                         to beat quickly with excitement. 
                         She was fond of pretending to be 
                         of the helpless, clinging type, the 
                         type which, she believed, appealed 
                         most to men; but in reality she had 
                         a brain which was as keen as a 
                         man's. She could grasp a thing in 
                         an instant. Now she saw what a 
                         chance his uncertainty gave her of 
                         getting the hold over him for which 
                         she had longed. 
                     
                     
                         The color flooded her face and 
                         then receded, leaving her deathly 
                         pale with excitement. 
                     
                     
                         For a moment longer, her eyes 
                         held his, then the heavily lashed 
                         lids fluttered down, veiling them 
                         from his sight. 
                     
                     
                         She spoke hardly above her 
                         breath, and yet every word she ut- 
                         tered fell clearly on the stillness. 
                     
                     
                         "Roger!" she murmured, her 
                         voice making a passionate caress of  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         his name. "My dear! Suppose it 
                         was no dream, but a reality." 
                     
                     
                         "What are you saying?" he asked 
                         hoarsely. "How could you have 
                         been here?" 
                     
                     
                         "Don't you know the old proverb 
                         -that love laughs at locksmiths?" 
                         she asked. I knew you were 
                         alone. She slipped to her knees 
                         beside him. "My dearest, don't you 
                         understand? I knew you were alone 
                         -something stronger than myself 
                         forced me to run the risk to come 
                         to you. You won't blame me be- 
                         cause my love for you was so strong. 
                         Even though our love must always 
                         remain a secret, I do not care. To 
                         know that I belong to you is the 
                         greatest joy in the world, and noth- 
                         ing can take that from me." 
                     
                     
                         Kneeling beside him, she reached 
                         up her arms and, putting them 
                         about his neck, drew his face down 
                         to hers. 
                     
                     
                         Mechanically, his arm went about 
                         her shoulders, but he was aware of 
                         no quickening pulse beat, no thrill 
                         from the nearness of this girl, the 
                         very thought of whom had once had 
                         the power to set him ablaze. 
                     
                     
                         He had a strange feeling, of numb- 
                         ness, as though he had received a 
                         stunning blow, and he looked 
                         blankly at the lovely, alluring face 
                         so close to his. 
                     
                     
                         Then his brain cleared as though 
                         a great shaft of light had pierced it. 
                     
                     
                         At that moment, he knew that 
                         whatever he had felt in, the past for 
                         this girl, he did not and never had 
                         really loved her. 
                     
                     
                         The glamour of her spell was dead. 
                     
                     
                         He did not know where the 
                         knowledge came from; he dared not 
                         ask; he only knew that his discov- 
                         ery had come too late. 
                     
                     
                         Janice turned in at the lodge 
                         gates and saw a car a few yards 
                         ahead on its way to the house.  
                 
             
             
                 
                 42 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         To her annoyance, she recognized 
                         it as Sefton Arlen's. 
                     
                     
                         Reaching the curve in the drive, 
                         she would have turned off in the 
                         direction of the garage, hoping to 
                         miss the visitor, when he stopped 
                         his car and, getting out, hailed her. 
                         She was obliged to stop. 
                     
                     
                         "I've just come to pick up Gina 
                         Mornington," he told her. "I prom- 
                         ised that I would pick her up and 
                         drive her back, as I'm lunching at 
                         the Chelmsfords where 
                         she is staying." 
                     
                     
                         Janice felt suddenly 
                         cold, but under the 
                         coldness her hatred for 
                         the other girl smoldered 
                         fiercely. 
                     
                     
                         "Do you know her 
                         well?" she managed to 
                         say. 
                     
                     
                         "Yes; she and I met 
                         two or three years ago 
                         when I was abroad," he 
                         answered, and as they 
                         turned and walked to- 
                         ward the house to- 
                         gether, he gave her a 
                         sharp look. 
                     
                     
                         In spite of her effort 
                         to hide it, some of her 
                         hatred for the other girl 
                         had crept into her voice. 
                     
                     
                         "Your husband and Gina are old 
                         friends, I believe," he observed cas- 
                         ually. 
                     
                     
                         Janice's hands clenched, but she 
                         managed to keep her. voice quite 
                         steady as she replied: 
                     
                     
                         "Yes, I believe they are." 
                     
                     
                         Rounding the corner of the house, 
                         they reached the steps which led 
                         up to the terrace, and longing to 
                         end the interview, Janice began to 
                         mount them, saying that they 
                         would go in that way. 
                     
                     
                         "If Roger is still in the library, 
                         he can let us in," she added. 
                         A few more steps brought her  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         to the first of the library windows. 
                         The curtains were drawn back, and 
                         any one standing outside could see 
                         straight into the room. It was im- 
                         possible for them not to see those 
                         two within- the girl kneeling with 
                         her arms around the man's neck- 
                         and it was at that precise moment 
                         that Roger Greville placed his own 
                         arm around Gina Mornington's 
                         shoulders. 
                     
                     
                         For a moment, Janice stood as 
                         though turned to stone; 
                         then, forgetful of the 
                         fact that she was not 
                         alone, she turned and 
                         walked blindly away. 
                     
                     
                         Reaching the para- 
                         pet, she gripped it and 
                         stood gazing down,into 
                         the gardens below, see- 
                         ing nothing but a red 
                         mist, and in the center; 
                         of it those two- her 
                         husband and the girl he 
                         loved. 
                     
                     
                         Suddenly, Sefton Ar- 
                         len spoke beside her. 
                     
                     
                         "Surely, Janice, you 
                         are not going to endure 
                         that sort of thing." 
                     
                     
                         Her need to speak, to 
                         ease some of the pain in 
                         her overcharged heart, 
                         was so great that she forgot the 
                         identity of her companion. 
                     
                     
                         "They were engaged to be mar- 
                         ried," she said dully. 
                     
                     
                         His eyes flashed understandingly. 
                     
                     
                         "I know," he nodded. "And they 
                         quarreled. That was how you 
                         caught him on the rebound. You're 
                         curiously like her. Every one has 
                         noticed that. My dear girl"- his 
                         hand closed on hers- "don't you 
                         know that she is not the sort to let 
                         go her grip on any man who has 
                         once cared for her? She is dan- 
                         gerously fascinating. Surely, you're 
                         not going to allow yourself to be  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Midnight Madness 43 
                 
                     
                     
                         made a laughingstock. If they 
                         want each other, let them, see that 
                         they are welcome. You must real- 
                         ize that you won't suffer. You have 
                         a career at your finger tips." 
                     
                     
                         "What do you mean?" she asked. 
                     
                     
                         "I've watched you at every re- 
                         hearsal, and last night you simply 
                         amazed me. You're a born actress. 
                         If you'd like to leave Roger Greville, 
                         I'll find you a decent job without 
                         the slightest difficulty. Why not let 
                         me help you?" 
                     
                     
                         "You are very good, but at pres- 
                         ent I have no intention of going 
                         away. I think we had better go in 
                         now the other way." 
                     
                     
                         He laid a hand on her arm, de- 
                         taining her. 
                     
                     
                         "Promise me one thing," he 
                          begged. "If ever you do want help, 
                         promise that you will look on me 
                         as your friend and let me help you." 
                         There was such a ring of sincerity 
                         in his voice that Janice forgot all 
                         she had heard about him and felt 
                         a thrill of gratitude. 
                     
                     
                         After all, it was good to think 
                         that somebody really cared. 
                     
                     
                         "Yes, I'll remember," she prom- 
                         ised, "and thank you." 
                     
                     
                         As Arlen followed her, his heart 
                         was beating with a new hope. 
                     
                     
                         Were the fates going to be good 
                         to him? Would they help him to 
                         win this girl, whom he wanted more 
                         than he had ever wanted anything 
                         in the world? 
                     
                     
                         Janice paced the floor of her bed- 
                         room like some caged thing. 
                     
                     
                         The silence of the house mocked 
                         her with memories. It was not 
                         twenty-four hours since she had 
                         stolen through the silence to arms 
                         which had only taken her because 
                         they believed they held another 
                         girl. 
                     
                     
                         Too late, now, she saw what the 
                         consequences of that stolen hour  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         would be- that by her own act she 
                         had forged an unbreakable tie be- 
                         tween the man she loved and Gina 
                         Mornington. 
                     
                     
                         She could not think clearly. Her 
                         knowledge of the love between those 
                         two threw her mind into chaos. 
                     
                     
                         At first she had meant to tell her 
                         husband what she had seen through 
                         the library window, but she had 
                         found that she dared not do it, lest 
                         she should betray her own love for 
                         him. 
                     
                     
                         For she felt that she would rather 
                         die than have him guess that she 
                         cared. 
                     
                     
                         But she dared not stay here. She 
                         could not. 
                     
                     
                         Suddenly she made up her mind. 
                         She would go away now, leave the 
                         house this very night, and he should 
                         not know where she had gone. 
                     
                     
                         Let him explain her absence as 
                         best he could; let him suffer some 
                         of the humiliation that was hers. 
                     
                     
                         She told herself that she hated 
                         him, and wished with all her heart 
                         that it was true. 
                     
                     
                         She had been waiting for the moon 
                         to rise, for she would have to walk 
                         to the junction, four miles away, in 
                         order to catch the early-morning 
                         train to town. 
                     
                     
                         As she moved across the room to 
                         the window and drew aside the cur- 
                         tain, she saw that the moon was just 
                         coming up over the tops of a clump 
                         of fir trees. 
                     
                     
                         Turning back into the room, she 
                         looked around at the luxury she was 
                         leaving. 
                     
                     
                         The brief note of farewell she had 
                         written to the man she had mar- 
                         ried lay on the dressing table, the 
                         one suitcase which she was taking 
                         with her stood ready packed near 
                         the bed. 
                     
                     
                         She picked up her heavy coat and 
                         put it on. Opening the door, she 
                         paused to switch off the light, and  
                 
             
             
                 
                 44 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         It was impossible for them not to see those two within. For a moment, 
                         Janice stood, as though turned to stone; then, forgetful of the fact that 
                         she was not alone, she turned and walked blindly away.  
                     
                         picking up her suitcase, made her 
                         way out into the darkened corridor. 
                         Five minutes later, she let her-  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         self out a side door and, shutting 
                          it silently behind her, sped away 
                         into the shadows.  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Midnight Madness 45 
                 
                     
                     
                         Once she paused and looked back 
                         at the great gray pile of the old 
                         house- the place where she had 
                         learned that love and suffering so 
                         often mean the same thing to a girl.   
                     
                         There was no hope in her heart as 
                         she turned and walked blindly out 
                         of the life of the man she loved 
                         with a love whose bitterness was 
                         akin to hatred. 
                     
                     
                         It had been very late before 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Roger Greville went to bed that 
                         night, and then there was no sleep 
                         for him. 
                     
                     
                         Hour after hour he lay staring 
                         wide-eyed into the darkness. 
                     

                     
                         He was like a man who fears a 
                         locked door inside which he is 
                         afraid to look. 
                     
                     
                         His infatuation for Gina Morn- 
                         ington was dead. He felt that he 
                         hated her.  
                 
             
             
                 
                 46 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         He had married Janice against his 
                         will. He had no love to offer her, 
                         but he would never have deliberately 
                         broken the vows he made to her. 
                     
                     
                         He believed that he had neither 
                         given nor claimed anything from 
                         her, but he had never meant to 
                         hurt her. 
                     
                     
                         Dawn was long past when he fell 
                         into an uneasy sleep, and it seemed 
                         as though he had slept only a few 
                         moments when he was awakened by 
                         a hurried knocking on his door, and 
                         in answer to his sleepy call, a maid 
                         came in. 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, sir," she cried, "I've just 
                         been to madam's room; her bed 
                         hasn't been slept in, and I found 
                         this." 
                     
                     
                         She held out an envelope as she 
                         spoke. 
                     
                     
                         With a queer feeling at his heart 
                         he ripped open the envelope. A 
                         moment later he was staring down 
                         at the slip of paper in his hand. 
                     
                     
                         "I am going away," Janice had 
                         written. "You will realize that the 
                         best thing for us both is to end our 
                         marriage." 
                     
                     
                         As he read those lines and knew 
                         that she was gone, he knew that he 
                         loved the girl whom he had mar- 
                         ried. 
                     
                     
                         A groan of anguish broke from 
                         him. Had he learned the truth too 
                         late?  
                     
                         CHAPTER VIII. 
                     
                     
                         Janice sat on the edge of the nar- 
                         row bed in the room which she had 
                         engaged in a quiet hotel in the East 
                         Fifties. 
                     
                     
                         It was all unspeakably drab- the 
                         walls with their faded paper, the 
                         dressing table on which the scarf 
                         was not quite clean, the dingy net 
                         curtains at the window only half 
                         veiling the dull sky beyond. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         How different it all was from the 
                         surroundings which had been hers 
                         in Roger Greville's home. 
                     
                     
                         She had determined to try to get 
                         work on the stage, remembering 
                         what Sefton Arlen had said to her. 
                         But she was equally determined not 
                         to seek his help, for she felt that he 
                         was the sort of man whose, friend- 
                         ship meant danger to any girl. 
                     
                     
                         Besides, she wanted to be inde- 
                         pendent. 
                     
                     
                         One of the girls who used to work 
                         with her had been on the stage, and 
                         from her Janice had heard about 
                         theatrical agents through whom it 
                         was possible to obtain stage work. 
                     
                     
                         As soon as she had breakfasted, 
                         she purchased a weekly theatrical 
                         paper, searching the columns of the 
                         paper for what she wanted. 
                     
                     
                         She found the names and ad- 
                         dresses of several agents, and se- 
                         lected one which was not far away. 
                         But when she reached the open 
                         doorway inside which a narrow stair- 
                         case led upward to the agent's office, 
                         her courage almost deserted her. 
                     
                     
                         Climbing the stairs, she entered 
                         the waiting room, and her heart 
                         sank again as she saw the number 
                         of people who were already there. 
                     
                     
                         She sat down nervously, aware 
                         that every one was staring at her, 
                         and there followed the most uncom- 
                         fortable ten minutes she had ever 
                         known in her life. 
                     
                     
                         If she had had the courage to do 
                         so, she would have got up and gone 
                         out, and she was just trying to sum- 
                         mon it to her aid when an inner 
                         door opened and a small, dark man 
                         came out. He was accompanied by 
                         a taller, gray-haired man, and the 
                         two of them walked to the door ten 
                         gether, and as they parted, the 
                         former turned and caught sight of 
                         Janice.  
                     
                          He paused and stared at her. 
                     
                     
                         "Tell me," he demanded, "where  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Midnight Madness 47 
                 
                     
                     
                         do you come from and why haven't 
                         I seen you before?" 
                     
                     
                         Somehow there was something 
                         about him which she instinctively 
                         liked, and it gave her courage. 
                     
                     
                         "Can I see Mr. Whitehouse?" she 
                         asked. 
                     
                     
                         "Yes," he answered good-na- 
                         turedly, "unless those lovely eyes of 
                         yours are quite blind." 
                     
                     
                         From his words, she gathered that 
                         this was the agent, Arnold White- 
                         house, himself. 
                     
                     
                         Five minutes later, she was sitting 
                         opposite him in his private office ex- 
                         plaining to him her desire to obtain 
                         work on the stage. 
                     
                     
                         He listened until she had finished. 
                     
                     
                         "I suppose you realize," he told 
                         her, "that you haye got a tre- 
                         mendous nerve. You come here, 
                         having had no professional experi- 
                         ence whatever, and demand a job in 
                         the most overcrowded of all the pro- 
                         fessions, and the most difficult to 
                         break into. What makes you think 
                         that you can act?" 
                     
                     
                         She hesitated. 
                     
                     
                         "Because I was told so, by a man 
                         who really knows," she finally con- 
                         fessed. "He offered to help me, but 
                         I don't want him to do so." 
                     
                     
                         The agent raised his brows. He 
                         could understand that quite a lot 
                         of men would be willing to help 
                         such a lovely girl. It was her beauty 
                         which had made him notice her just 
                         now, and he was used to lovely girls. 
                     
                     
                         He drew a big ledger toward him 
                         and, picking up a pen, asked a few 
                         brief, businesslike questions, noting 
                         down the answers. 
                     
                     
                         Then he rose and held out his 
                         hand. 
                     
                     
                         "Well, frankly, Miss er-" he 
                         began. "I forgot to ask your name!"  
                     
                          Janice hesitated, then she remem- 
                         bered that her mother's maiden 
                         name was Darling and gave him 
                         that, with her own Christian name. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "Janice Darling," he repeated, as 
                         he wrote it down. "Well, Miss Dar- 
                         ling, I don't hold out much hope 
                         of being able to do anything for you, 
                         but if you care to stop in the 
                         office every day, I'll keep you in 
                         mind if anything turns up." 
                     
                     
                         With that she had to be content. 
                     
                     
                         But, though for the next ten days 
                         she visited the office every day, she 
                         never received anything but the 
                         same greeting, one which she heard 
                         given to dozens of other girls: "Ab- 
                         solutely nothing to-day, my dear." 
                     
                     
                         She also tried other agents, with 
                         the same disappointing results, until 
                         she began to lose heart. 
                     
                     
                         Her visit to the agents took up 
                         only a small part of the day, and 
                         there was all the rest in which to 
                         think, and worst of all the long 
                         hours of the night, for she slept 
                         badly, and when she did sleep, it 
                         was to dream of Roger Greville. 
                     
                     
                         Try as she would to forget, she 
                         could not put him out of her mind. 
                     
                     
                         She knew that the time would 
                         come when she would have to com- 
                         municate with him, for, if their mar- 
                         riage was to be dissolved, he would 
                         have to know where she was; but 
                         she didn't want to let him know 
                         until she got work and could prove 
                         to him that she was independent. 
                     
                     
                         One day, driven by an uncon- 
                         trollable impulse, she climbed on 
                         top of a Fifth Avenue bus, and from 
                         her seat she looked down again at 
                         the spot where she had first encoun- 
                         tered Roger Greville. 
                     
                     
                         The bus stopped in front of the 
                         jeweler's shop, and as she gazed 
                         down, it seemed to Janice as though 
                         she was once again the plainly 
                         dressed girl who had found herself 
                         suddenly looking into a man's eyes. 
                     
                     
                         She knew now the meaning of the 
                         surge of emotion which had quick- 
                         ened all her pulses.  
                 
             
             
                 
                 48 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         That day she went to Arnold 
                         Whitehouse's office in the afternoon. 
                     
                     
                         As she entered the waiting room, 
                         the office door was flung wide open, 
                         and he came out and beckoned to 
                         his secretary, who was talking to a 
                         golden-haired girl. As he turned 
                         back, he caught sight of Janice and 
                         paused to speak to her. 
                     
                     
                         "Nothing to-day," he told her, 
                         and then added in a lower voice: 
                     
                     
                         "But if you'll be in promptly at 
                         eleven to-morrow morning, I may 
                         be able to fix you up. I don't prom- 
                         ise, but there is just a chance." 
                     
                     
                         She thanked him and, as he went 
                         back into his office, and she left the 
                         waiting room, there was new hope 
                         in her heart. 
                     
                     
                         She got halfway down the stairs 
                         toward the street when she heard 
                         footsteps, descending behind her, 
                         and a voice called to her. She 
                         turned to find the agent's secretary 
                         close to her, holding out an envelope. 
                     
                     
                         "Mr. Whitehouse said that if you 
                         would go to this address at once, 
                         with this letter, there is a chance 
                         you might get something right 
                         away." 
                     
                     
                         Before Janice could reply, the 
                         secretary had turned and was gone. 
                     
                     
                         Janice glanced down at the en- 
                         velope in her hand. The flap was 
                         sealed down, and it was addressed 
                         to "Mr. Paige Rendell, Star Thea- 
                         ter," and marked "Urgent." 
                     
                     
                         Less than a quarter of an hour 
                         later, Janice found herself entering 
                         the stage door of the Star Theater, 
                         and in reply to the inquiry, of the 
                         doorkeeper, she showed him the 
                         letter. 
                         He sent a boy who was in the 
                         office with it, bidding him "take 
                         that to Mr. Rendell." 
                     
                     
                         In a short time, the boy came 
                         back, asking Janice to follow him. 
                     
                     
                         She never forgot the interview 
                         which followed, and when she left  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         the theater, she could hardly believe 
                         that she had actually been hired by 
                         one of the most famous producers 
                         in New York, to play a part in the 
                         play which was then in rehearsal. 
                     
                     
                         The girl who had been originally 
                         engaged for the part had been taken 
                         ill that morning, and it was difficult 
                         to find a girl to fill her place. Janice 
                         happened to be the exact type 
                         needed for the part, which, though 
                         it was not a large one, was very im- 
                         portant.  
                     
                         When she confessed to having had 
                         no real experience, the producer 
                         merely nodded. 
                     
                     
                         "That doesn't matter. I am sure 
                         that you will be all right," he told 
                         her. 
                     
                     
                         Janice had never known what 
                         real nervousness meant, until she 
                         stood on the deserted stage at the 
                         Star at eleven o'clock the next 
                         morning. 
                     
                     
                         She had never believed, that any 
                         ordeal could be so terrible, and it 
                         was only sheer will power which 
                         stopped her from failing. 
                     
                     
                         Several times Paige Rendell 
                         stopped her, making her go over the 
                         piece again, and each time, as she 
                         caught the exact intonation he di- 
                         rected, he gave a nod of approval. 
                         He saw at once that she was a born 
                         actress and needed very little teach- 
                         ing. 
                     
                     
                         At lunch time the rehearsal was 
                         dismissed until the afternoon, and 
                         Janice was just walking off the stage 
                         after the others when the producer 
                         called her back. 
                     
                     
                         "Just a minute, Miss Darling," 
                         he said. "A gentleman here is very 
                         anxious to make your acquaintance, 
                         or rather renew it for I understand 
                         that you have met before." 
                     
                     
                         An immaculately dressed figure 
                         had just strolled out of the shadows, 
                         and Janice felt her heart miss a beat,  
                 
                 LS 3F 
             
             
                 
                 Midnight Madness 49 
                 
                     
                     
                         Janice was just walking off the stage when the producer called her back. 
                         "A gentleman here is very anxious to make your acquaintance, or rather 
                         renew it for I understand that you have met before," he said.  
                     
                         for the man who stood holding out 
                         his hand and smiling down at her 
                         was Sefton Arlen.  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "It is more than good to meet 
                         again!" Taking her hand and re- 
                         taining it, Sefton Arlen glanced at  
                 
                 LS 4F 
             
             
                 
                 50 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         the producer. "Well, my dear Ren- 
                         dell, wasn't I right when I guaran- 
                         teed that Ja- that Miss Darling was 
                         a born actress?" 
                     
                     
                         The other man nodded.  
                     
                         Withdrawing her hand, Janice 
                         gave Sefton Arlen a swift, startled 
                         look.  
                     
                         "What do you mean? You-" 
                         she began. 
                     
                     
                         "I happened to be in Arnold 
                         Whitehouse's office yesterday, and 
                         I caught sight of you and sent a 
                         letter of introduction to our friend, 
                         Paige Rendell." 
                     
                     
                         So it had been through Sefton 
                         Arlen, after all, that she had ob- 
                         tained an engagement! 
                     
                     
                         The knowledge brought with it 
                         deep disappointment, which Janicie 
                         found it difficult to hide. 
                     
                     
                         If he guessed what was in her 
                         mind, Sefton Arlen gave no sign. 
                     
                     
                         Ever since he knew that she had 
                         left her husband, he had searched 
                         for her, and had almost despaired 
                         of finding her. But now he felt that 
                         his luck had turned. 
                     
                     
                         "Let's go and have some lunch," 
                         he said. "There are a good many 
                         things I want to talk to you about." 
                     
                     
                         Janice hesitated, but it seemed 
                         that it would be too ungracious to 
                         refuse, and so less than a quarter 
                         of an hour later she found herself 
                         sitting opposite him in a well-known 
                         restaurant near the theater. 
                     
                     
                         Looking across at her, Sefton Ar- 
                         len felt his pulses quicken. It 
                         seemed to him that Janice had 
                         changed in some indescribable way. 
                         The vividness of her beauty had 
                         somehow deepened. There were 
                         dark-violet shadows beneath her 
                         eyes, and a hint of tragedy about 
                         her face in repose. 
                     
                     
                         She, had been worrying, he 
                         thought, and a sharp stab of jeal- 
                         ousy shot through him. 
                     
                     
                         He was amazed to find that he 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         was capable of jealousy, and he 
                         could not understand the strange in- 
                         fluence which this girl seemed to 
                         have established over his life. 
                     
                     
                         Love, to him, had never been 
                         more than a pastime. He was used 
                         to easy conquests, and enjoyed flit- 
                         ting like a bee from flower to flower; 
                         but he had known vaguely from his 
                         first meeting with Janice that the 
                         attraction she held for him was 
                         something different. 
                     
                     
                         "Now, tell me," he demanded, 
                         "where have you been hiding your- 
                         self, and why? You knew that I 
                         could help you. Why were you so 
                         independent?" 
                     
                     
                         She flushed. 
                     
                     
                         "I didn't want to bother you," she 
                         said. 
                     
                     
                         "We'll let it go at that," I think 
                         -in case I hear something less flat- 
                         tering. But what sort of engage- 
                         ment did you contemplate obtain- 
                         ing? The only sort of work White- 
                         house could have gotten for you was 
                         a place in the chorus, where the fact 
                         that you are so very ornamental 
                         would have offset your lack of ex- 
                         perience. Thank Heaven that I've 
                         found you, and that you were wise 
                         enough to leave home when you 
                         did!" 
                     
                     
                         She made no reply, and he was 
                         content to steer the conversation 
                         away from her private affairs. 
                     
                     
                         He could be a very charming and 
                         amusing companion, and for the 
                         first time in many days Janice found 
                         herself laughing and forgetting a lit- 
                         tle of her heartache. 
                     
                     
                         This meeting with Sefton Arlen 
                         made her realize more than ever how 
                         intensely lonely she had been, and 
                         she could not help, being a little glad 
                         that her loneliness was at an end. 
                         After all, it was good to feel that 
                         some one took an interest in what 
                         happened to her. 
                     
                     
                         "Have you made up your mind  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Midnight Madness 51 
                 
                     
                     
                         what you intend to do?" he asked, 
                         as the lunch was drawing to an end. 
                         "If you are to make a career for 
                         yourself, it would be much better 
                         for you to be free. You're in touch 
                         with Greville, I suppose?" 
                     
                     
                         She shook her head. 
                     
                     
                         "No. I- I wanted to wait un- 
                         til--" 
                     
                     
                         "You could prove that you were 
                         independent," he finished for her. 
                         "Well, you're safe now. If anything 
                         should happen to this play which, 
                         however, I believe will be a success 
                         I can always manage to see that 
                         you have work." 
                     
                     
                         She gave him a level look. 
                     
                     
                         "Why should you interest your- 
                         self so much in me? It is very good 
                         of you, but-" 
                     
                     
                         "I believe in you," he broke in 
                         shortly. "If you really want to 
                         work, I believe there is a big career 
                         in front of you. I can't think why 
                         you never turned your thoughts to 
                         the stage before. Look here"- he 
                         bent a little nearer to her- "you 
                         must be sensible. Put Roger Gre- 
                         ville out of your mind altogether. 
                         He isn't worth a second thought. 
                         You have some pride, haven't you?" 
                     
                     
                         "Should I be here if I hadn't?" 
                         she asked wearily. 
                     
                     
                         "You'd have been mad if you'd 
                         stayed to play second fiddle to Gina 
                         Mornington," he retorted with 
                         brutal frankness. "You knew that 
                         they were engaged before he mar- 
                         ried you? Anyhow, whether you 
                         free him or not, she doesn't care. 
                         She has him, and she means to keep 
                         him." 
                     
                     
                         Janice's hand resting on her knee 
                         beneath the table clenched, but she 
                         lifted her head with a reckless ges- 
                         ture. 
                     
                     
                         "You've seen her recently?" she 
                         asked. 
                     
                     
                         "A few days ago." He hesitated. 
                         "They're in town, going about  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         everywhere together. You'll have 
                         to do something about it, Janice." 
                     
                     
                         "Yes," she repeated dully, "I'll 
                         have to do something about it." 
                     
                     
                         "Meanwhile, though"- he glanced 
                         at his watch- "we had better be 
                         getting back to the theater. Until 
                         after the opening, I want you to 
                         think as much of your part and as 
                         little about other things as you pos- 
                         sibly can. You must make good, 
                         Janice. I want you to, and I want 
                         from you what I have never cared 
                         to ask from any girl before- I want 
                         your friendship." 
                     
                     
                         "Surely, you deserve that," she 
                         told him. 
                     
                     
                         As he followed her out of the 
                         restaurant, Sefton Arlen was more 
                         puzzled about himself than he had 
                         ever been. 
                     
                     
                         He talked of friendship, but he 
                         knew that he wanted a great deal 
                         more than that. He wanted to win 
                         her and make her his own. 
                     
                     
                         If he failed, he knew that noth- 
                         ing in life would ever be worth hav- 
                         ing again. 
                     
                     
                         For the first time, he was afraid 
                         of failure. 
                     
                     
                         When Roger Greville realized that 
                         Janice was gone, he explained to the 
                         servants that his wife had been 
                         called away suddenly by the illness 
                         of a relative, and within a few hours 
                         he himself had packed up and de- 
                         parted. 
                     
                     
                         He had absolutely no idea of 
                         where Janice could have gone. He 
                         felt that she might have returned 
                         to New York, and it was with the 
                         vague hope of finding her that he 
                         went there himself. 
                     
                     
                         Somehow, he shrank from tracing 
                         her by the help of any of the de- 
                         tective agencies whose aid he might 
                         have called in. 
                     
                     
                         It was his belief that he had for- 
                         feited his right to claim her, to drag   
                 
             
             
                 
                 52 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         Janice had made a success of her part in the play. The day after the 
                         opening, a photograph of Janice Darling smiled up at Roger Greville 
                         from the front page of the paper. He had found his wife! 
                     
                     
                         her back into his life if she wished 
                         to be free, that held him back.  
                     
                         He stayed at his club, and be- 
                         fore he had been there two days, he 
                         was called to the telephone to hear 
                         Gina Mornington's voice demand- 
                         ing pleadingly why he had gone 
                         away without a word to her.  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         She too, had come to New York, 
                         and had taken a suite at one of the 
                         big hotels, and she implored him to 
                         come to see her.  
                     
                         It seemed to him that he was 
                         bound in honor to go.  
                     
                         But Sefton Arlen had exaggerated 
                         when he told JAnice that her hus-  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Midnight Madness 53 
                 
                     
                     
                         band and Gina Mornington were 
                         being seen everywhere together. 
                     
                     
                         As much as it was possible to do 
                         so, Roger Greville avoided Gina 
                         Mornington, and when she re- 
                         proached him for doing so, told 
                         her that he had a lot of business to 
                         transact. 
                     
                     
                         She accepted the explanation with 
                         a very bad grace, but she did not 
                         suspect that he had changed toward 
                         her. She believed she had won him 
                         back. By a lucky chance- a chance 
                         which she believed to have been 
                         born out of an illusion of his delirium 
                         -she had bound him to her. And 
                         she had gotten rid of Janice. 
                     
                     
                         Of one thing she was determined. 
                         That other girl should never come 
                         back into his life, though the pres- 
                         ent arrangement didn't suit her 
                         at all. 
                     
                     
                         Roger Greville refused to discuss 
                         his wife with her, and Gina did not 
                         know if he was aware of Janice's 
                         whereabouts or not. But she wanted  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         the thing put on a definite footing. 
                     
                     
                         When the time came for the pro- 
                         duction of "Exiled Hearts" at the 
                         Star Theater, Janice faced her or- 
                         deal bravely. She was determined 
                         to succeed. She had so much at 
                         stake. 
                     
                     
                         Although the part she was play- 
                         ing was not a big one, it was very 
                         important, and she made the suc- 
                         cess of the play. 
                     
                     
                         The critics were unanimous in ac- 
                         claiming Janice Darling a find. 
                     
                     
                         She had beauty, talent, and what 
                         was more important, that elusive 
                         thing known as personality, and in 
                         her one big scene she brought the 
                         house down. 
                     
                     
                         She was a success! 
                     
                     
                         The next day, there were photo- 
                         graphs of her in all the papers, and 
                         when Roger Greville sat down to his 
                         breakfast, a photograph of Janice 
                         Darhng smiled up at him from the 
                         front page. 
                     
                     
                         He had found his wife! 
                     
                     
                         TO BE CONCLUDED.  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         ENCHANTED GARDEN 
                     
                     
                         WALK in a garden enchanted 
                         Whenever I think of you- 
                         A garden of rainbow splendor, 
                         Prismatic, in color and hue; 
                         And somehow each flower resembles 
                         The beauty of your sweet face, 
                         And somehow the trees and bushes 
                         Portray your bewitching grace. 
                     
                     
                         Diana and Sappho and Psyche 
                         Are sculptured in marble there, 
                         Companioned by beautiful Venus, 
                         With whom they vie to compare; 
                         But somehow your beauty surpasses 
                         The statues of Grecian art, 
                         Because it is tender and human, 
                         And echoes the pulse of my heart.  
                     
                         Franklin Pierce Cabkigan . 
                 
             
             
                 
                 
                 
                     Borrowed Man 
                 
                  By  Jesse F. Gelders  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         WEDNESDAY night! We'll 
                         probably go somewhere and 
                         dance afterward. It's not a 
                         party, Merrilee- just a couple of 
                         girls I used to know at school and 
                         their dates. Bring your own man. 
                         I know you have plenty to choose 
                         from.  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Merrilee Dodd caught her breath. 
                         It was lucky Nola was busy taking 
                         things out of her trunks and pack- 
                         ing them away in the maple chiffo- 
                         nier, so that she didn't notice the 
                         effect of her words. 
                     
                     
                         Merrilee tried to think of some 
                         escape from the situation, but  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Borrowed Man 55 
                 
                     
                     
                         couldn't. She'd been afraid of it, 
                         from the moment she received 
                         Nola's letter saying she was coming 
                         to New York for a two-month's 
                         pleasure stay. And when Nola an- 
                         nounced she was taking an apart- 
                         ment in the same building as Mer- 
                         rilee's, the thing had become cer- 
                         tain. 
                     
                     
                         Well, it was her own fault. Merri- 
                         lee realized that. She shouldn't 
                         have written those letters to Nola 
                         and her other friends back in Mill- 
                         ingham, giving such a gilded picture 
                         of the good times she was having. 
                         "I go out three or four nights a 
                         week with the most wonderful men," 
                         she had written. 
                     
                     
                         Nola, tucking away a stack of 
                         lingerie- what clothes the girl had! 
                         was saying now, "I'm anxious to 
                         meet some."  
                     
                         Merrilee choked out a reply, she 
                         hardly knew what. She was almost 
                         on the verge of confessing the truth. 
                         But, great grief, how would it 
                         sound? 
                     
                     
                         "Those letters about the good 
                         times," she'd have to say, "weren't 
                         true. I haven't been going out at 
                         all. Plenty of men have asked me, 
                         but they aren't the sort of men I 
                         like, so-" 
                     
                     
                         Oh, gosh, that would just sound 
                         like sour grapes. And think what 
                         Nola,would write to the folks back 
                         in Millingham! Nola was a good 
                         friend all right, but not such a good 
                         friend that she wouldn't take a gos- 
                         sipy delight in writing: 
                     
                     
                         What do you think! The wonderful 
                         times Merrilee has been telling about, are 
                         all just dreams. She never sees a soul. She 
                         claims she doesn't like the men who've 
                         asked her out. To hear her tell it, there 
                         are hundreds. But she couldn't get even 
                         one for a little party I was having. It's a 
                         pity, too, because she's such a sweet girl.  
                     
                         Merrilee could almost see that 
                         letter. She could hear the shocked  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         but eager exclamations of sympathy 
                         back in Millingham. Sympathy! 
                         She gritted her teeth at the idea. 
                     
                     
                         "I- I think I'd better be getting 
                         down to my apartment," she stam- 
                         mered. "It's about bedtime. 
                     
                     
                         "Why, it's only ten o'clock, Mer- 
                         rilee!" 
                     
                     
                         "I know. But I- I was out so 
                         late last night." 
                     
                     
                         In her single room, which seemed 
                         unusually cramped after the luxury 
                         of Nola's suite, she tried to think of 
                         a way out of her embarrassment. It 
                         was almost as bad as those days 
                         back in Millingham, before she 
                         started earning her own money, 
                         when she never had the right 
                         clothes. Finally she went to bed, 
                         the unsolved problem haunting her. 
                     
                     
                         At the office next morning, when- 
                         ever an ebb in the work permitted 
                         personal thought, it was still a 
                         taunt. Of course she might get 
                         Henry Powell, who had asked her 
                         for dates three or four times. But 
                         she never had felt like going any- 
                         where with him, and she shuddered 
                         at the notion of presenting him in 
                         his trick clothes and trick manners 
                         to Nola and her friends, as one of 
                         the wonderful men she had met 
                         in New York! 
                     
                     
                         Tapping a list of purchase orders 
                         awaiting her check-up, she staged a 
                         mental review of the other men who 
                         might be available. There was Mr. 
                         Harbor, old enough to be her great- 
                         uncle; Murray Phillips, so boring 
                         that he could make five minutes 
                         seem an hour; Max Burton; Jimmie 
                         Keel- No, they were all impos- 
                         sible! It was hard to believe that 
                         one girl could attract such a gallery 
                         of ineligibles. Of course, she hadn't 
                         had much opportunity to meet New 
                         York men, except here in the office. 
                         And it just happened that none 
                         were very desirable- except Harvey  
                 
             
             
                 
                 56 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         Tate. And he had never asked her 
                         for a date. 
                     
                     
                         Wasn't that irony for you? The 
                         one man who could have qualified, 
                         wasn't interested. He was inside 
                         talking with Mr. London now, and 
                         on his way out, he'd probably stop 
                         as usual, and ask her to be sure to 
                         put through the papers on the pur- 
                         chases from his company. Then 
                         he'd chat for a couple of minutes, 
                         in a way that would show he could 
                         be fascinating for hours. And that 
                         would be all! 
                     
                     
                         He was coming out now, strolling 
                         toward her.  
                     
                         "They're getting another order of 
                         those tumblers," he said, "and-"  
                     
                         "I know. And you want me to 
                         put" it through right away. All 
                         right." 
                     
                     
                         He laughed. There was a quiet 
                         heartiness about his laughter, har- 
                         monizing with the strength and re- 
                         straint of his face, which seemed 
                         more tanned than ever, in contrast 
                         with the white flash of his teeth. 
                         Merrilee had a faint sense of life 
                         speeding up in her veins, as he 
                         paused at her desk. 
                     
                     
                         "You read my thoughts so well," 
                         he observed, "I'm almost afraid to 
                         think in your presence." 
                     
                     
                         His conversation, in the fleeting 
                         minutes while it lasted, was always 
                         just personal enough to give the illu- 
                         sion of being only a part of a larger 
                         friendship. It made Merrilee feel al- 
                         most as if she really knew him. 
                     
                     
                         "I wonder if you'd do me a favor 
                         -" She stopped herself. What 
                         on earth was she saying? On an in- 
                         stant's crazy impulse she had almost 
                         asked him to help her! 
                     
                     
                         "Gladly. What is it?" he urged.  
                     
                         She hesitated, almost panic- 
                         stricken. She had to say something, 
                         or he'd think her silly. The wild 
                         -impulse of a moment before, seized 
                         her again. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "It's a strange thing to ask. I 
                         need an escort," she heard herself 
                         saying. She could feel the hot, blush 
                         on her face. "I want to play a sort 
                         of joke on a friend of mine. You're 
                         just the type of man she likes," she 
                         declared, with inspiration that 
                         amazed herself. "The other men 
                         I've been dating here in New York 
                         aren't as likely to make her jealous."   
                     
                         For a moment he did not reply, 
                         standing with a puzzled grin, the 
                         color deepening under his tan. Now 
                         it was he who was embarrassed. It 
                         helped Merrilee recapture her poise. 
                         "Also," she was relieved and pleased 
                         at what she had said about dating 
                         other men and making her friend 
                         jealous. The idea had come to her 
                         out of nowhere.  
                     
                         "I'm sure you'll like Nola Wil- 
                         liams, too, "she continued suavely. 
                         "She's really beautiful- tall and 
                         blond." She was about to add, 
                         And very wealthy, but decided 
                         that it would have the wrong effect. 
                         "It's Wednesday night. Will you 
                         help me?" she asked. 
                     
                     
                         "Isn't it a pretty difficult assign- 
                         ment"- he grinned uncertainly 
                         "trying to make some girl jealous?" 
                     
                     
                         "I think you're capable. Oh, and 
                         of course," she added with sudden 
                         positiveness, "I'll pay my own share 
                         of the expenses. It will be strictly 
                         business. At least, that part of it 
                         will. Fifty-fifty." 
                     
                     
                         His gray eyes surveyed her with 
                         a smile she could not quite interpret. 
                     
                     
                         "All right," he laughed, "but it's 
                         your own idea." 
                     
                     
                         Merrilee dressed and made up 
                         more carefully than she had since 
                         the first month she had been in New 
                         York. Her dress was of deep-green, 
                         that seemed to bring out her color, 
                         the flush of her cheeks, the deep- 
                         brown of her eyes, the somewhat 
                         lighter soft brown of her hair. She 
                         had arranged the hair to curve  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Borrowed Man 57 
                 
                     "I wonder if you'd do me a favor. I need an escort." She could feel the hot blush on her face. "I want to play a sort of
                        joke on a friend of mine." 
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         partly over her ears, instead of in 
                         the simple little-girl style she al- 
                         ways wore at the office. She laughed 
                         at herself. Such a lot of attention 
                         to trifles!  
                     
                         When Harvey came, he seemed 
                         surprised and pleased at her appear- 
                         ance. She realized he hadn't seen 
                         her that way before. "Your usual 
                         charm," he smiled, "is more notice- 
                         able than ever."  
                     
                         The remark was just a bit of 
                         pleasantry, but Merrilee flushed 
                         with a little ripple of excitement.  
                     
                         They went up to Nola's apart- 
                         ment. Nola, in shimmering blue,  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         met them with a bright exclamation 
                         of pleasure and led them in to the 
                         already merry group. 
                     
                     
                         Merrilee felt a little shiver of ex- 
                         citment. Everybody seemed nice. 
                         The girls were pretty, the men at- 
                         tractive. Merrilee couldn't help 
                         noticing how smoothly Harvey Tate 
                         seemed to fit in with the others, 
                         and yet seemed to have some subtly 
                         superior quaility which without caus- 
                         ing offense, still set him above them. 
                         He brought her a cocktail, remain- 
                         ing delightfully attentive. He was 
                         playing his part beautifully.  
                     
                         When they went to the dance at 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 58 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         the Cloudline Club, Harvey guided 
                         her about the glazed floor in lithe, 
                         strong rhythm, so suavely attuned 
                         to the music that his steps might 
                         have been written by the composer 
                         as a part of the score. 
                     
                     
                         He danced with Nola and the 
                         others, always returning to lead 
                         Merrilee off for another number. 
                         She was deliciously aware of the 
                         pressure of his arm around her, the 
                         steel of his shoulder, beneath her 
                         touch, the nearness of his bronzed 
                         face, brushing lightly against her 
                         hair. 
                     
                     
                         She let herself think for a mo- 
                         ment, "How wonderful it is just to 
                         be with this man!" Then, with a 
                         wrench of will power, she dragged 
                         her thoughts to reality. These 
                         thrills were borrowed. Harvey Tate 
                         had only lent himself to her, as a 
                         favor. 
                     
                     
                         When they finally went home, 
                         Harvey and she in some way became 
                         separated from Nola and her escort, 
                         taking a taxicab to themselves. 
                     
                     
                         Merrilee sat back with her eyelids 
                         half lowered, aware of Harvey's 
                         smiling nearness, yet feeling dread- 
                         fully like Cinderella at the approach 
                         of midnight, when borrowed happi- 
                         ness would be snatched away. She 
                         was suddenly rebellious at that 
                         thought. 
                     
                     
                         "I wish," Harvey was saying 
                         whimsically, "that doing favors for 
                         people were always as pleasant as 
                         this has been." 
                     
                     
                         "I hope you'll be able to help me 
                         out once more." Her words came 
                         on a sudden impulse, but the tone 
                         was casual. "I promised Nola I'd 
                         go with her on the eighteenth. Will 
                         you take me? You know, just to 
                         round out the impression." With 
                         quick strategy which, surprised her, 
                         she added, "To-night worked out so 
                         beautifully. Having you as a date  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         made just the right impression on 
                         her." 
                     
                     
                         "Why, all right," consented Har- 
                         vey, with that odd smile which she 
                         could not interpret. 
                     
                     
                         At her first Opportunity, she spoke 
                         to Nola. 
                     
                     
                         "What are you doing the eight- 
                         eenth?"  
                     
                         "Why, nothing. Oh, yes. That's 
                         a Wednesday. I have a date with 
                         Dick Mills." 
                     
                     
                         At first she didn't think a double 
                         date could be arranged. 
                     
                     
                         "I have a kind of tentative en- 
                         gagement with Harvey," said Merri- 
                         lee. 
                     
                     
                         Nola's face lighted quickly- too 
                         quickly. 
                     
                     
                         "Maybe we can fix it," she said. 
                         "I'll call Dick." 
                     
                     
                         Next day she reported, "It's all 
                         right. "We're just going to the 
                         Danube. You come, too." 
                     
                     
                         The Danube was a colorful, but 
                         serene place, where the orchestra 
                         skillfully alternated gay, sweet 
                         Straus's waltzes with the best of the 
                         latest tunes. 
                     
                     
                         Again Merrilee was in Harvey's 
                         arms, dancing. And, again life 
                         seemed to be moving faster through 
                         her veins because of his nearness. 
                         There was a thrill of being touched 
                         by his hand, in being held close 
                         against him as they danced. 
                     
                     
                         Merrilee found herself wishing his 
                         arms were around her in a real em- 
                         brace, wishing she were crushed 
                         close against him to be kissed. Even 
                         the thought made her heart pound. 
                     
                     
                         She was in love with him! It 
                         seemed odd that she should just be 
                         realizing it, all at once, this way. 
                         She must have been in love with 
                         him for days, maybe for weeks! 
                     
                     
                         She looked up at his face, close to 
                         hers. Did he care, too? His eyes 
                         met hers, and her nerves tingled  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Borrowed Man 59 
                 
                     
                     
                         with an embarrassed but delightful 
                         warmth. His arm tightened about 
                         her. 
                     
                     
                         Surely he cared- a little, anyway 
                         -maybe more than a little. Well, 
                         she would know on the way home 
                         to-night, perhaps. 
                     
                     
                         As they returned to their table, 
                         Merrilee felt a surge of gratitude to 
                         Nola. If it hadn't been for her, she 
                         might never really have known 
                         Harvey! She almost wanted to 
                         throw her arms around Nola's neck, 
                         and thank her. Instead, she smiled 
                         at her and exclaimed: "Nola, 
                         you're simply gorgeous in that dress! 
                         Isn't she beautiful?" 
                     
                     
                         Harvey and Dick Mills agreed. 
                     
                     
                         When the four finally trooped out 
                         of the Danube, all took the same 
                         cab. It was the natural thing to 
                         do, Merrilee realized, though she 
                         hadn't counted on it. Harvey was 
                         between Nola and her, and Dick 
                         faced them from one of the folding 
                         seats. 
                     
                     
                         Nola and Harvey had become en- 
                         gaged in some sort of banter, prob- 
                         ably over something they had dis- 
                         cussed while dancing together. Oc- 
                         casionally it included the other two, 
                         then something Nola would address 
                         directly to Harvey would claim his 
                         whole attention. 
                     
                     
                         A sudden displeasure shot through 
                         Merrilee. It was akin to jealousy. 
                         She resisted it, telling herself it was 
                         stupid. But as Nola continued to 
                         usurp Harvey's attention, she 
                         burned with resentment. 
                     
                     
                         In the foyer of their apartment 
                         building, Dick and Harvey said 
                         good night, with brief handshakes. 
                     
                     
                         Nola called after Harvey laugh- 
                         ingly, "Don't forget next Tuesday." 
                     
                     
                         "All right," he replied, striding 
                         out. 
                     
                     
                         A thousand needles pricked Mer- 
                         rilee: Her heart seemed to leap to  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         her throat and fall back with a 
                         thud. 
                     
                     
                         In the elevator, Nola confided, 
                         smiling: 
                     
                     
                         "We're going to have dinner at 
                         Yesterday's Tavern." 
                     
                     
                         "Nice of him to ask you," Merri- 
                         lee replied. 
                     
                     
                         She hadn't meant to speak 
                         sharply, but something in her voice 
                         caused Nola to explain. 
                     
                     
                         "It was a sort of mutual invita- 
                         tion. I told him I'd heard of it but 
                         had never been there, and he said 
                         he'd take me. Why, do you mind? 
                         I mean, do you like him?" 
                     
                     
                         Merrilee couldn't reply. No words 
                         would fit. 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, of course you like him," 
                         Nola supplied, with innocence in 
                         her blue eyes and real sincerity in 
                         her voice. "But I know you don't 
                         like him too much. You can spare 
                         him. You still have plenty of oth- 
                         ers. He says so himself." 
                     
                     
                         "Yes," Merrilee choked. 
                     
                     
                         The elevator had stopped at her 
                         floor, and the operator was waiting 
                         for her to leave. She stepped out, 
                         almost stumbling, and hurried to the 
                         shelter of her apartment. 
                     
                     
                         All the loneliness of her months 
                         in New York suddenly crushed in 
                         upon her. Happiness had come so 
                         close and passed her by. She had 
                         had Harvey Tate's companionship 
                         just long enough to realize she loved 
                         him. And then Nola, who always 
                         had everything she wanted, got him, 
                         too. 
                     
                     
                         She couldn't blame Nola, though. 
                         She had handed him to her. She 
                         had virtually told them both to go 
                         ahead and care for each other! 
                     
                     
                         What a mess she had made of her 
                         own happiness, she thought dis- 
                         mally. 
                     
                     
                         The next evening, Nola stopped 
                         at her door for a minute. 
                     
                     
                         "I was talking with Harvey on  
                 
             
             
                 
                 60 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         the phone" she said. "If you have 
                         a date Tuesday, why don't you 
                         come along with us?" 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, no, Nola. But thanks!" 
                         "Sorry, Merrilee," said Nola. 
                         "We just thought you might be hav- 
                         ing a date anyway, and-" 
                     
                     
                         "Oh!" Nola's remark, meant in- 
                         nocently enough, had bruised her 
                         already wounded pride. Did they 
                         think she couldn't get another date? 
                         Well, she could! She'd show them 
                         both. "Well, I do have," she said, 
                         as if reconsidering. "I'll ask him if 
                         he wants to go to the Tavern." 
                     
                     
                         When Nola had gone, Merrilee 
                         sat with hands clenched until her 
                         knuckles showed white, trying to 
                         think of a suitable man. 
                     
                     
                         Jimmie Keel wasn't really so bad. 
                         He just hadn't interested her. 
                         She'd told him she was awfully 
                         busy, and he'd said he'd be glad to 
                         see her when she had time. 
                     
                     
                         At the office next day, when 
                         Jimmie strolled in, she smiled. 
                         After a minute's conversation, she 
                         ventured a remark that she wasn't 
                         quite so busy lately. And- just like 
                         that- it was all arranged! 
                     
                     
                         Jimmie wasn't quite tall enough, 
                         but he was really nice-looking and 
                         fairly interesting. Merrilee realized 
                         that she might have found him all 
                         right for an occasional evening be- 
                         fore, if she hadn't unconsciously 
                         compared him with Harvey Tate. 
                     
                     
                         That was what had happened! 
                         She had met Harvey on her third 
                         day at the office, and since then, no 
                         other man had seemed attractive. 
                         The truth stabbed cruelly. It hurt- 
                         more, because she was aware of it 
                         too late. 
                     
                     
                         Tuesday evening was misery. The 
                         four of them made a congenial 
                         group, but Nola exercised a sort of 
                         possessive claim on Harvey's atten- 
                         tion. It was so subtle and withal so 
                         natural, that it could be felt rather 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         than seen. But it tore at the hurt 
                         in Merrilee's heart. Sometimes for 
                         an instant, Merrilee met Harvey's 
                         gaze. Deep in the gray of his eyes 
                         was that look she never could quite 
                         read. It made her pulse throb 
                         faster. 
                     
                     
                         Arriving home at last was a re- 
                         lief. 
                     
                     
                         "Good night," said Jimmie. 
                         "Let's do this again, soon." 
                     
                     
                         "Fine," responded Merrilee. 
                     
                     
                         But she knew she wouldn't. It 
                         wasn't fair, even to Jimmie, to use 
                         him this way. And for herself, it 
                         was only misery. 
                     
                     
                         It was a relief that Nola didn't 
                         ask her to come along when she 
                         went out with Harvey the next week 
                         -a relief and torture. She wasn't 
                         needed now. They preferred to be 
                         alone. 
                     
                     
                         Merrilee sat in her apartment and 
                         tried to close her mind to the bitter- 
                         ness of her thoughts. She tried to 
                         forget those few bright hours when 
                         she had been with Harvey. Re- 
                         membering them only hurt. She 
                         jumped to her feet and paced the 
                         floor, as if in a desperate, futile ef- 
                         fort to vent her emotions in some 
                         sort of action. If only she could do 
                         something! 
                     
                     
                         Harvey came to the office to ar- 
                         range the details of an order his 
                         firm had received. He paused be- 
                         side her desk, leaning his bronzed 
                         hand against its edge, smiling as he 
                         chatted. 
                     
                     
                         Merrilee felt a cheated yearning, 
                         then a sudden rebellion against fate. 
                         Another of those curious, unpre- 
                         meditated notions flashed through 
                         her mind. In an instant she was 
                         acting on it, concealing her impetu- 
                         piisness with amazing tact. 
                     
                     
                         "I was just thinking about you, 
                         Harvey," she began carelessly. 
                         "Another friend of mine from out 
                         of town, is coming to-morrow, and  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Borrowed Man 61 
                 
                     
                     
                         I wondered if you wouldn't help me 
                         again- just as a lark. It worked 
                         out so well the first time, you know, 
                         for everybody concerned." 
                     
                     
                         For a moment Harvey didn't 
                         speak. He gazed at her in uncer- 
                         tain silence, as if trying to figure 
                         what she meant by that. 
                     
                     
                         "Of course," she added in a quick, 
                         matter-of-fact way, "I'll pay my 
                         share of the expenses, just as be- 
                         fore." 
                     
                     
                         "All right," said Harvey, with a 
                         slow, rather puzzled smile. "I 
                         know it'll be pleasant." 
                     
                     
                         "And by the way," Merrilee told 
                         him, "this girl isn't from Milling- 
                         ham. She's from Central City. 
                         She and Nola don't know each 
                         other. So you don't need to worry 
                         about that." 
                     
                     
                         When he had gone Merrilee sat 
                         almost trembling. No, he didn't 
                         need to worry! But she did! She 
                         had spun her web of pretense so 
                         thin, drawn it out so far! Starting 
                         with a simple little fib about having 
                         a good time in New York, she had 
                         stretched it until the most impor- 
                         tant part of her life seemed to be 
                         built on make-believe. She was in 
                         near-panic. But she couldn't turn 
                         back now. 
                     
                     
                         At noon she had lunch with Helen 
                         Brodie. 
                     
                     
                         "Helen, I'm in an awful jam," she 
                         confessed. 
                     
                     
                         "Let's hear," said Helen, her dark 
                         eyes sympathetic but twinkling. "I 
                         haven't forgotten what you did for 
                         me when Tom thought I'd been 
                         two-timing Him." 
                     
                     
                         Merrilee grinned, in spite of her 
                         own troubles. Her friendship with 
                         Helen was one of those whole- 
                         hearted, dependable ones that per- 
                         sists even though circumstances 
                         make actual meetings rare. She told 
                         her frankly what had happened 
                         what she had said to Harvey Tate. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "I get it," nodded Helen. "I'm 
                         the friend from Central City." 
                     
                     
                         "Yes, but don't you go falling for 
                         Harvey, too. I'm warning you con- 
                         fidentially. He's good-looking, but 
                         he has a brother in prison, he killed 
                         his first wife, he's an habitual drunk- 
                         ard, and he cheats newsboys." 
                     
                     
                         "Sure," Helen agreed. "And if 
                         you get him, I hope you'll reform 
                         him. Tom and I will be seeing 
                         you." 
                     
                     
                         Merrilee arranged the date for a 
                         Saturday night. Starting out with 
                         Harvey, her heart beat with mo- 
                         mentary triumph and uneasy excite- 
                         ment. Her plan was daring, wild. 
                     
                     
                         "This girl we're going to meet," 
                         she said as they rode in the taxi, 
                         thinks we're crazy about each 
                         other." She forced herself to laugh 
                         merrily. "It's a shame to disap- 
                         point her too badly." 
                     
                     
                         "Every girl," said Harvey sol- 
                         emnly, "should be helped to keep 
                         her illusions. I'll do my best."  
                     
                         They met Helen and Tom at the 
                         Cloudline Club. 
                     
                     
                         "Isn't it wonderful up here?" 
                         Helen exclaimed. "I think New 
                         York is grand. Oh, Merrilee, is 
                         Mr. Tate the man you've been writ- 
                         ing me so much about? " 
                     
                     
                         Merrilee tried to blush and, from 
                         the hot feeling of her cheeks, 
                         thought she succeeded. 
                     
                     
                         Harvey had let his fingers touch 
                         hers and hold them lingeringly. At 
                         their table, he helped her to her seat 
                         with great tenderness. His eyes 
                         hovered upon her, hungrily, and she 
                         returned the gaze with a thumping, 
                         burning heart. She had to be care- 
                         ful lest he see at once how real it 
                         was! 
                     
                     
                         Helen met her eyes and exchanged 
                         a surreptitious glance, which Harvey 
                         was intended to notice. 
                     
                     
                         When they danced, he held her 
                         close- closer than he really had to  
                 
             
             
                 
                 62 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         and once when Helen and Tom 
                         were near, and he was sure they 
                         could see, he let his lips brush her 
                         forehead with a gentle kiss. 
                         It made her blood race with joy 
                         and pain. Oh, if only that fleeting  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         touch of a kiss had been meant, in- 
                         stead of make-believe!  
                     
                         "Let's go out here a minute," he 
                         suggested. 
                         They were near an open doorway 
                         to the walled terrace. Harvey was 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         He seized her in his arms, held her crushed close against him, kissed her soft, yielding lips. "Will you marry
                            me,darling?" he whispered. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 Borrowed Man 63 
                 
                     
                     
                         playing his part well. This was a 
                         natural thing for two lovers to do. 
                     
                     
                         With his arm about her waist, he 
                         led her out onto the terrace, like a 
                         balcony in the sky overlooking the 
                         lamp-sprinkled darkness of the city. 
                         In the distance was the river and 
                         the slowly moving lights of a boat. 
                         Boxed evergreens behind them 
                         screened them from the bright, open 
                         doorway to the dance floor. 
                     
                     
                         A sudden, painful bit of logic 
                         flashed through Merrilee's mind. 
                         Out here, there was no need for 
                         Harvey to "act." He couldn't be 
                         seen. So he had come out for a 
                         respite. 
                     
                     
                         But Harvey apparently didn't re- 
                         alize his opportunity. Instead of 
                         taking his arm from her waist, he 
                         tightened it, until they faced each 
                         other. He put his other arm around 
                         her, suddenly held her close to him, 
                         and pressed his lips against hers, in 
                         a long, deep kiss. It was so deep, 
                         so burning, that for a moment it 
                         felt real, and it took all her will 
                         power to hold her cool senses. She 
                         tried desperately to speak lightly. 
                     
                     
                         "Thank you, sir. But you don't 
                         have to do that. Helen can't see us 
                         here. You can relax." 
                     
                     
                         He released her from his arms. 
                         His willingness to let her go when 
                         there was no need to hold her some- 
                         how scraped cruelly against her al- 
                         ready raw, taut nerves. Before she 
                         realized it, she had spoken again, 
                         bitterly: 
                     
                     
                         "Besides, Nola mightn't like it!" 
                     
                     
                         The instant the words were ut- 
                         tered, she was sorry. She hadn't 
                         put any pleasant bantering into her 
                         voice this time. Instead, she had 
                         let it show that she was hurt. Now 
                         Harvey would despise her. 
                     
                     
                         But the look which came imme- 
                         diately to his face, for some reason, 
                         wasn't a look of disdain. It was a 
                         look of astonishment, then of par-  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         tial understanding. Something like 
                         gladness hovered in his gray eyes. 
                     
                     
                         "I'll have to confess about Nola," 
                         he said, slowly. "She's a very nice 
                         girl, but I only dated her because 
                         -Well, look here, Merrilee! 
                         Your time was occupied with lots of 
                         other men. I knew that from what 
                         Nola told me, and from what you 
                         said yourself. I didn't want to pre- 
                         sume an our fifty-fifty business re- 
                         lationship. You set the limits of it 
                         pretty clearly. But I thought if I 
                         went out with Nola now and then, 
                         you'd be along. And if I could only 
                         be around you more, I still had a 
                         vague hope that-" He hesitated. 
                     
                     
                         Merrilee put her hand,on his arm, 
                         clasped it. She looked up eagerly 
                         into his'gray eyes, and the gladness 
                         that was hovering there seemed sud- 
                         denly to have lit them, for they 
                         were glowing tenderly now. 
                     
                     
                         "You had a hope that what?" she 
                         urged him. 
                     
                     
                         He seized her in his arms, held 
                         her crushed close against him, kissed 
                         her soft, yielding lips. 
                     
                     
                         "I hoped," he whispered, that 
                         we could go on with our fifty-fifty 
                         plan with a slight change, though. 
                         I'll pay all the expenses. You think 
                         up the ideas for games and things 
                         to pretend before your friends. You 
                         think up all that sort of thing, after 
                         we do one thing that I've thought 
                         up, darling." 
                     
                     
                         "What is it, dearest?" 
                     
                     
                         "That we get married. Will you?" 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, Harvey, dearest. I thought 
                         that up long ago," she murmured. 
                     
                     
                         "So did I the first time I went- 
                         out with you, sweetheart." 
                     
                     
                         He kissed her again. Even if 
                         they hadn't been on the lofty ter- 
                         race above the city's roofs, above 
                         the river and its slowly moving 
                         lights, she'd have felt that she was 
                         just as high, carried by her joyous, 
                         soaring heart.  
                 
             
             
                 
                 
                 
                     Orchid Girl 
                 
                  By  Paula Rockwell   
                 
                     
                     
                         EVE HILTON, last season's dar- 
                         ling of the stag line, danced 
                         to-night professionally at the 
                         Graysons' charity garden fête. The 
                         riotous applause of the socially 
                         prominent guests after her first 
                         dance assured her that she had 
                         caught on. But her heart was a 
                         bottomless pit of anguish. Young 
                         Doctor Wallace had kept his word.  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         He hadn't come to her first public 
                         appearance, her triumph. 
                     
                     
                         In floating rose-shaded chiffons 
                         and filmy veils Eve had drifted like 
                         a wraith blown by a breeze, out of 
                         black tree shadows on the terrace to 
                         an improvised stage of green velvet 
                         turf. Her eyes searched vainly for 
                         that tall, lithe figure. The moon 
                         spread silvery whiteness over the  
                 
                 LS 4F 
             
             
                 
                 Orchid Girl 65 
                 
                     
                     
                         many rows of intimates in Paris 
                         gowns and faultless evening clothes, 
                         over the masses of flower beds, 
                         shrubs, and tinkling fountains. 
                     
                     
                         In that silvery light, on the soft 
                         wings of music from a hidden or- 
                         chestra, Eve danced. Like a spirit 
                         from another world. A deep hush. 
                         Wild applause. 
                     
                     
                         To music like a precious memory, 
                         Eve in white, her hair sculptured 
                         gold, danced a love call. Her love 
                         call to Bob Wallace. Danced the 
                         glory and miracle of woman's love 
                         for man. Danced until that blasé 
                         crowd rose and cheered. 
                     
                     
                         But even when she stood, sur- 
                         rounded by a worshiping group of 
                         friends, even when a famous pro- 
                         ducer offered her a thrilling connec- 
                         tion with his Broadway revue, grief 
                         sheathed her in ice. Success with- 
                         out Bob's love was salt on her lips. 
                     
                     
                         Well, she'd go to New York, work 
                         fiendishly, succeed lovelessly. 
                     
                     
                         Then she saw him, his back 
                         against a stately elm outlined in 
                         colored lights. Magnificent-looking 
                         in his black-and-white. A fine- 
                         shaped head, broad-shouldered, with 
                         a gleaming smile that could melt a 
                         heart of iron. But Eve's heart 
                         wasn't iron; it was clay for him to 
                         mold. Her heart was beating cra- 
                         zily loud now in her ears as she met 
                         his eyes with a silent appeal. He 
                         bowed, moved toward her, then 
                         squared his shoulders and swung off 
                         toward the house. 
                     
                     
                         "He can't do that to me," Eve 
                         sobbed inwardly. "He must under- 
                         stand. He shouldn't hate me now 
                         and avoid me like a plague. I'm no 
                         longer a rich, spoiled girl. He must 
                         know I'm dancing to-night for my 
                         bread and butter." 
                     
                     
                         She ran swiftly away to escape 
                         the gayly possessive friends, and in 
                         spite of a gust of self-contempt-  
                      LS 5F 
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         she, Eve Hilton, running after any 
                         man- darted past the swimming 
                         pool to overtake that hurrying 
                         figure. 
                     
                     
                         Running fleetly, she remembered 
                         that other night when her world had 
                         glistened goldenly. At the house 
                         party of her cousin, Lucile, who had 
                         been disinherited, for eloping with an 
                         artist, Ralph Lane, Eve had met 
                         Doctor Robert Wallace. When their 
                         eyes, hers warm, honey-brown, his 
                         deep, direct, blacky locked, she had 
                         been drawn to him as on an invisi- 
                         ble cord. Twenty-eight, vitally pow- 
                         erful, mouth resolute, smelling pleas- 
                         antly of soap and antiseptic. Eve's 
                         heart thumped with a savage ex- 
                         citement. She wondered what was 
                         happening to her. Could it be love 
                         at first sight that exploded her emo- 
                         tions into small, bright stars of hap- 
                         piness like a bursting skyrocket? 
                     
                     
                         Lucile had forewarned her. 
                         "Hands off, darling. Bob Wallace 
                         slave-drives himself in work; He's 
                         a college mate of Ralph's, with some 
                         queer complex about idle society 
                         girls. Something about the crack-up 
                         of his society-mad mother and his 
                         country-doctor father. Staying a 
                         bachelor's his hobby. Besides, your 
                         Cyril-" 
                     
                     
                         Eve's lovely eyebrows contracted. 
                         "I told Cy last night it's all off be- 
                         tween us until he cuts out drink. I 
                         won't marry a moneyed moron who 
                         boasts he's the drunkest drunk in 
                         our crowd." 
                     
                     
                         Eve knew she was playing with 
                         fire that night of the house party 
                         when she climbed the bluff over- 
                         hanging the lake, on the arm of the 
                         handsome young doctor. 
                     
                     
                         Eve in a Paris gown grimaced at 
                         herself as he braced her for the last 
                         steep ascent, and said in a voice that 
                         was like a deep-toned carillon of 
                         bells: "The view's grand, but 
                         you'll ruin your silver slippers, and  
                 
             
             
                 
                 66 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         they must have cost you a whole 
                         week's salary." 
                     
                     
                         So he thought her a working girl! 
                         Like most of the others at the house 
                         party. 
                     
                     
                         Laughing inwardly Eve crushed 
                         the impulse to confess that she was 
                         the only child of John Hilton, in- 
                         ventor and multimillionaire, and 
                         supposed to have been engaged in 
                         her cradle to that wealthy playboy, 
                         Cyril Clarke. 
                     
                     
                         "I've seen you somewhere be- 
                         fore," Bob mused. "Did you sell 
                         me some things in Denton's base- 
                         ment?" 
                     
                     
                         "No," Eve answered demurely, 
                         but her eyes danced mischievously. 
                         "Perhaps I waited on you in the 
                         five-and-ten." 
                     
                     
                         On a rustic bench on the hilltop- 
                         Eve and Bob talked. He spoke 
                         briefly of his hospital work, shyly 
                         of his ambitions. She said her 
                         mother had died when she was a 
                         tot, but her father was a grand pal. 
                         Lately, he hadn't seemed like him- 
                         self. Weak heart. She worried. 
                     
                     
                         Suddenly Eve was startled by a 
                         fierce new longing. She ached to be 
                         held close in Bob's arms. 
                     
                     
                         "Let's go back and dance, Bob," 
                         she suggested overcarelessly. 
                     
                     
                         "It's stuffy inside. All that gang. 
                         Besides, I don't dance. Haven't 
                         time. Work all day and sometimes 
                         all night." 
                     
                     
                         She chattered to ease her wild 
                         longing. "ather says I danced be- 
                         fore I walked. He let me have the 
                         best teachers. Paris, Petrograd. 
                         But he always hoots when I say 
                         I'd dance for my supper if I ever 
                         had to earn my own-" She 
                         stopped, furious at her slip. 
                     
                     
                         He stared at her for a painful 
                         moment, his mouth rigid. "Sorry," 
                         he muttered. "You must think me 
                         an utter ass." He lighted a ciga- 
                         rette, but didn't smoke; instead,  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         ground it fiercely under his heel. 
                         "Of course, you're Eve Hilton, deb, 
                         John Hilton's daughter. Your pic- 
                         ture's forever in the rotogravure. It 
                         always rested me the Sunday I 
                         didn't see your face. Pretty dumb 
                         of me to mistake you for a work- 
                         ing girl. It'll be a grand joke to 
                         tell your friends. Five-and-ten! 
                         Just let me tell you, young lady," 
                         he went on savagely, s"ome of the 
                         nicest girls I ve ever met work in 
                         the five-and-ten!" 
                     
                     
                         "Bob," she pleaded, "I didn't 
                         mean- Please-" 
                     
                     
                         "Shall we go back?" His imper- 
                         sonal tone stung her. 
                     
                     
                         She lashed out at him, "I hate 
                         you." But she knew it wasn't hate, 
                         but the magic fever of love pulsat- 
                         ing through her veins. He was so 
                         attractive, so straight, so decent. 
                     
                     
                         He eyed her coolly, but his jaw 
                         was a hard knot. 
                     
                     
                         "Good. It won't be hard to teach 
                         myself to hate you, too, Miss Hil- 
                         ton. How you must be laughing up 
                         your sleeve at making a monkey 
                         of me!" 
                     
                     
                         She wanted to cry out her love 
                         and longing. Instead, she stood up, 
                         her voice pointed icicles. "I'm go- 
                         ing back to Lucile." 
                     
                     
                         He stood up, too, and brought his 
                         stern young face close to hers. 
                     
                     
                         "Spoiled, pampered child. Used to 
                         getting your own way. Well, you're 
                         a stick of dynamite for a struggling 
                         young doctor like me. Labeled 
                         Dangerous- keep away." 
                     
                     
                         The next instant she was swept 
                         roughly into his arms, and, her 
                         golden hair hardly reaching his 
                         shoulders, she felt herself lifted on 
                         tiptoe. He kissed her lips until they 
                         warmed under his. He kissed her 
                         again and again, not tenderly, but 
                         fiercely, until she hung limp in his 
                         arms. 
                     
                     
                         "Let me go!" she stormed, and  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Orchid Girl 67 
                 
                     
                     
                         had never known such gnawing 
                         pangs of fury even while in that 
                         electric moment her heart beat in 
                         her throat like a trapped bird. 
                         Every pulse in her body sang in the 
                         ecstasy of love. She tore herself 
                         away and ran like the wind. Down 
                         the slope. Up the cottage steps- 
                         into Lucile's arms. 
                     
                     
                         "I was just coming for you, Eve 
                         darling. Ralph's getting the car. 
                         The phone- your father-" 
                     
                     
                         "Father! Not dead. No! No!" 
                     
                     
                         A month after that night Eve, 
                         ivory-pale in her white mourning sat 
                         huddled in the huge 
                         book-lined library 
                         with its soft tones 
                         of old mahogany 
                         furniture. She had 
                         just had two pain- 
                         ful interviews, one 
                         with her father's 
                         laywer, who told 
                         gently that, when 
                         the creditors were 
                         satisfied, she would 
                         be penniless. The 
                         other with Cyril 
                         Clarke, in which she 
                         repeated her decision not to marry 
                         him until he forswore drink and his 
                         playboy habits and settled down as 
                         junior member of his father's law 
                         firm. 
                     
                     
                         Cyril stood, balancing himself on 
                         unsteady legs. Medium height, too 
                         heavy for the middle twenties, un- 
                         easy mouth, bloodshot eyes. He 
                         smoked one cigarette after the 
                         other, and regarded her sulkily. 
                     
                     
                         "That's crazy, Eve, a smoothie 
                         like you a professional dancer! 
                         You'll starve to death the first 
                         month." 
                     
                     
                         "You know, Jacques said I ought 
                         to make dancing my career," Eve 
                         said quietly, but her hands worked 
                         nervously. "And old Orloff in  
                     
                         Petrograd said the same. My first 
                         engagement's Thursday night- the 
                         Graysons' charity garden party." 
                     
                     
                         The days that she must live 
                         through before her debut as a pro- 
                         fessional dancer crawled for Eve, in 
                         spite of unending hours of practice. 
                     
                     
                         Sometimes she broke into fits of 
                         wild weeping for her father. Once- 
                         twice she longed unbearably to see 
                         Bob Wallace. Beyond a formal note 
                         of sympathy and a box of her fa- 
                         vorite deep-purple violets, he had 
                         completely ignored her. 
                     
                     
                         She wanted to see him so much 
                         that, one afternoon, humbling her- 
                         self, she phoned his 
                         office. 
                     
                     
                         He was at the 
                         Carlton, the suite 
                         of the great Vien- 
                         nese nerve spe- 
                         cialist, Doctor- 
                     
                     
                         Eve didn't try to 
                         catch the name. She 
                         would wait in the 
                         Carlton lobby. She 
                         must see Bob, tell 
                         him she was sorry, 
                         confess. 
                     
                     
                         After an hour of 
                         waiting she saw him step out of the 
                         elevator. 
                     
                     
                         "Hello, Bob!" 
                     
                     
                         "Eve! Miss Hilton! Wish I could 
                         stop, but I'm late now at the hos- 
                         pital." He spoke pleasantly, but so 
                         distantly. 
                     
                     
                         Eve, hurt to the quick, would 
                         have fled, but she saw one hand 
                         crush his soft gray hat. That en- 
                         couraged her. He wasn't so stony 
                         indifferent, after all. 
                     
                     
                         "I phoned your office. I wanted 
                         to tell you-" She forced her eyes 
                         to his face. A muscle twitched in 
                         his cheek. 
                     
                     
                         "There's nothing to tell. It was 
                         just my fool mistake. I've always 
                         believed your world and mine don't  
                 
             
             
                 
                 68 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         mix. I'm glad I found out the truth 
                         so soon, before-" He was po- 
                         litely edging away from her. 
                     
                     
                         "Bob," she pleaded, her heart 
                         emptied of hope. He was so remote: 
                         How could she reach him? Make 
                         him understand that, out of a world 
                         of men, her heart had chosen him 
                         for her man? "Bob, I'm dancing 
                         to-morrow night at Mrs. Gray- 
                         son's." 
                     
                     
                         "Yes, for the Children's Hospital. 
                         I bought tickets, but I won't be 
                         there." He moved away a few 
                         steps, then wheeled and said furi- 
                         ously: "Please, Eve, stay out of 
                         my life. I'm a workingman. 
                         You're an orchid girl. Besides, I'm 
                         not the marrying sort." 
                     
                     
                         Eyes burning with angry, unshed 
                         tears, Eve stood until he disap- 
                         peared through the revolving door. 
                         Then her firm chin lifted. "Some 
                         day, Doctor Wallace, when my 
                         name's in electric lights a foot high, 
                         I'll send a gorgeous check to your 
                         hospital and you'll be proud of me." 
                     
                     
                         This promise gave her courage 
                         when she sped after Bob into the 
                         Grayson house and glimpsed the 
                         doctor in the library, shaking hands 
                         with old Colonel Grayson. 
                     
                     
                         She'd wait in the hall, pocket her 
                         pride, tell Bob she now was poor 
                         as a church mouse.  
                     
                         A loud voice behind her de- 
                         manded, "Where've you been all my 
                         life, darling?" And his eyes pin 
                         points, his mouth working restlessly, 
                         Cyril Clarke caught her to him. 
                     
                     
                         She tried to draw away. "Cy, 
                         please." 
                     
                     
                         "I want to talk to you, Eve. 
                         Come in here." Gripping her shoul- 
                         der, he half dragged her across the 
                         hall. 
                     
                     
                         Eve struggled mentally. If she 
                         went with Cy, she'd miss Bob and 
                         a chance for a magic moment to- 
                         gether and a word of explanation. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         If she refused Cy, he was capable 
                         of making a rowdy scene. He 
                         hadn't been drinking. Of that she 
                         was quite sure. But he seemed dif- 
                         ferent. Excited, restless, deter- 
                         mined. Better hear what he had 
                         to say. 
                     
                     
                         "All right, Cy," Eve said wearily, 
                         , following him into a near-by room. 
                         "Make it snappy. Mrs. Grayson 
                         may want me." 
                     
                     
                         "Tell her to go chase herself," he 
                         said rudely. "You're my girl, and 
                         father's sore as the deuce about your 
                         dancing to-night. He's sick in bed 
                         -pretty close to the end, I'm afraid. 
                         He wants to see you right away. 
                         He sent you this, and says I'm to 
                         bring you to him." 
                     
                     
                         He thrust into her hand a ring 
                         with a magnificent pear-shaped 
                         ruby, its deep-red fires outlined in 
                         the cold gleam of diamonds. Eve 
                         had seen the ring often on the hand 
                         of Cy's now-dead mother, and knew 
                         it belonged to the world-famous 
                         Clarke collection of rubies. 
                     
                     
                         Cyril snatched her sickeningly 
                         close, and tried to kiss her.  
                     
                         With a wrench she was halfway 
                         across the room, but he caught her 
                         and tightened his hold. "That's no 
                         way for a girl to treat the man she's 
                         promised to marry. Anyhow, let's 
                         get going to father. He may not 
                         live the night through, and he wants 
                         to tell you about a promise he made 
                         your father. 
                     
                     
                         Eve's eyes brimmed with tears. 
                         Her father! Never in all her life 
                         had she felt so desperately alone. 
                         If only she could talk to her father, 
                         tell him- it might ease her aching 
                         heart to talk about him to Cy's 
                         father, who had been one of his 
                         closest friends. 
                     
                     
                         "Just a second, Cy. I want to 
                         speak to- a friend." 
                     
                     
                         She stepped out into the hall, 
                         ahead of Cy. Bob, hat in hand,  
                 
             
             
                 
                  Orchid Girl 69 
                 
                     He moved away a few steps, then wheeled and said furiously: "Please, Eve, stay out of my life. I'm a workingman. You're
                        an orchid girl. Besides, I'm not the marrying sort." 
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         was still chatting with Colonel 
                         Grayson near the front door. If 
                         only Bob would look at her, she d  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         ask him to give her a mere fvie min- 
                         utes alone in the music room.  
                     
                         But, eyes averted, he bowed 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 70 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         gravely as she let Cy hurry her past 
                         him out the front door and into his 
                         glittering sports roadster. As Cy's 
                         car sped into the drive, Eve 
                         glimpsed Bob settle himself behind 
                         the wheel of his little flivver with 
                         its top folded back and wished 
                         achingly she were beside him in- 
                         stead of at Cy's elbow. 
                     
                     
                         Eve sank deep, into her sad mus- 
                         ing and answered Cy's excited chat- 
                         ter only with monosyllables. She 
                         rarely smoked, but to-night, in her 
                         keyed-up state, she accepted a ciga- 
                         rette from Cy, and was glad she 
                         was smoking when he begged for a 
                         kiss. 
                     
                     
                         They were racing over a long, 
                         narrow bridge when, glancing about 
                         nervously, she asked: "Cy, haven't 
                         you missed the turn in the road? 
                         This isn t the way to your home." 
                         He laughed excitedly and 
                         squeezed her arm. 
                     
                     
                         "I thought you d be too sleepy 
                         to notice, angel. We're heading 
                         across the county border. I know 
                         a J. P. who'll marry us to-night."  
                     
                         Eve swallowed. Her mouth felt 
                         dry. But she wondered at her com- 
                         posure. "Don't be silly, Cy. I 
                         can't marry you to-night. Bob-" 
                     
                     
                         "Shut up," he said roughly. "If 
                         you want to live, you'll marry me 
                         to-night, or I ll shoot this bus 
                         straight into the nearest pole. 
                         You've fooled around with me long, 
                         enough. I ve decided to-night's the 
                         night. Choose. Either a marriage 
                         or a funeral." 
                     
                     
                         Eve was silent. She realized it 
                         wouldn't help to plead or coax with 
                         Cy in his present mood. But she 
                         felt numbly bewildered. She had 
                         known him since childhood. Good- 
                         tempered, easy-going, the butt of 
                         every sharper in town. But never 
                         rough, masterful, desperate like this. 
                     
                     
                         Wild thoughts shot through her 
                         mind. She could scream for help.  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         But the road was frighteningly 
                         lonely. Patches of black woods 
                         open stretches of stubble. Not a car 
                         had passed them. 
                     
                     
                         She could pull the emergency 
                         brake and leap out of the car. But, 
                         likely enough, this strange, reckless 
                         Cy would jump out and drag her 
                         back. Perhaps he had a gun and 
                         might kill them both. She had read 
                         of desperate men committing just 
                         such unthinkable crimes. Her 
                         safest bet was to appear cool and 
                         pleasant, and not cross Cy in any 
                         way. Maybe she could escape 
                         somehow at the J. P.'s. 
                     
                     
                         "Was that all make-believe about 
                         your father, Cy?" she asked, nicely 
                         casual. 
                     
                     
                         He chuckled. "Sure; dad starts 
                         to-night in the yacht for Florida. 
                     
                     
                         Fury seethed within her. So he 
                         had trapped her through her love 
                         for her father. She had always 
                         liked Cy in a sisterly fashion, felt 
                         pity for the spoiled, self-indulgent 
                         only child of a self-absorbed father. 
                         Now she hated Cy wildly. Deftly, 
                         unnoticed, she dropped the ruby 
                         ring into his coat pocket. 
                     
                     
                         Aloud she said with a mirthless 
                         laugh: "So you're kidnaping me. 
                         Some headlines for the newspapers!" 
                     
                     
                         To herself she vowed savagely, 
                         "I'll never marry you, Cy Clarke, 
                         to-night or any night. I'd kill my- 
                         self first." 
                     
                     
                         Cy laughed triumphantly. "That 
                         won't bother us any. We'll meet 
                         father and the yacht in New York 
                         and have months of honeymoon, my 
                         sweet." 
                     
                     
                         He slowed the car down and, with 
                         the air of a conquering hero, 
                         reached over and swept her fiercely 
                         close, kissing her savagely, insult- 
                         ingly, as she never had been kissed 
                         before. 
                     
                     
                         Outraged, ashamed, she pushed  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Orchid Girl 71 
                 
                     
                     
                         him away and beat upon him with 
                         her fists. 
                     
                     
                         She panted, "Don't touch me 
                         again, or I'll jump out." 
                     
                     
                         "Sorry, Eve," he apologized, peni- 
                         tent. "I'll behave. Just lost my 
                         head thinking that in a few hours 
                         now you'll belong all to me, for- 
                         ever and keeps. You're so beauti- 
                         ful. You've always had me eating 
                         out of your hand." 
                     
                     
                         They rode the next few miles in 
                         tense silence. Eve relived that 
                         snatched moment of bliss on the 
                         moonlit bluff. Bob's kisses! Her 
                         first kiss of real love! Then, her lips, 
                         her heart, her entire body had awak- 
                         ened in the dizzying ecstasy of those 
                         kisses. Now she scrubbed franti- 
                         cally with her handkerchief to wipe 
                         off Cy's shameful kisses, until her 
                         lips felt like a slash of burning red. 
                     
                     
                         "Cy," she begged, please turn 
                         back. "I can't marry you. There's 
                         some one else." 
                     
                     
                         But Cy wasn't listening. His eyes 
                         were riveted on the car reflector. 
                     
                     
                         "My Heaven," he gasped sud- 
                         denly, "we are being followed, 
                         chased! I thought back there I 
                         heard a car. Sure's anything; 
                         they're after me. What'll I do?" 
                         he moaned. 
                     
                     
                         Eve jerked upright in shuddering 
                         terror. "Who's after you? What 
                         do you mean?" 
                     
                     
                         Then, when he didn't answer, but 
                         continued to mutter incoherently, 
                         she shook his arm desperately, try- 
                         ing not to scream. "Tell me, Cy!"  
                     
                         He mumbled: "The Dennison 
                         gang- Baby-face Morton. I got in 
                         wrong with him at a hand bookie's. 
                         He said he'd get me. 
                     
                     
                         Eve flashed a glance through the 
                         rear window. A car was tearing 
                         around a turn in the road. 
                     
                     
                         "What'll they do, Cy? To us? 
                         To me?" she demanded, amazed at 
                         her controlled voice. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "Kidnap us," he babbled. "Hold 
                         us for ransom, perhaps torture us, 
                         burn out our eyes as they did to 
                         the Redmond brothers, kill us." 
                     
                     
                         Eve sat motionless. She fought 
                         panic-terror down. She felt incased 
                         in the ice of fear. Too numb to 
                         move or think or speak. She was 
                         still so young. Life was sweet. So 
                         much ahead of her. Success, per- 
                         haps even love. But death, if she 
                         couldn't have Bob, wouldn't be so 
                         bad. Anyhow, she'd never ask 
                         mercy of those gangsters. She'd die 
                         game, with her boots on, as her dar- 
                         ling good sport of a father often said. 
                     
                     
                         A half sob burst from Cy's lips. 
                         "They're gaining on me! Egad, 
                         why didn't I pack my rod to-night? 
                         I could shoot it out." The next in- 
                         stant he burst into a string of oaths. 
                     
                     
                         "So help me, out of gas! I told Rob- 
                         inson to fill the tank when I ran the 
                         car into our garage this afternoon. 
                         He ll get his if-" The car slith- 
                         ered to a standstill. 
                     
                     
                         The pursuing auto shot around 
                         another turn in the road and slid to 
                         a stop a few feet ahead of Cy's 
                         roadster. 
                     
                     
                         Cy dropped his head on his 
                         hands, which still gripped the wheel, 
                         and sobbed hysterically. "Oh, Eve, 
                         if only I hadn't dragged you into 
                         this!" 
                     
                     
                         Eve glanced at him contemptu- 
                         ously. He was yellow through and 
                         through. Chicken-hearted! Though 
                         terror froze her and her imagination 
                         tortured her, she said: "Brace up. 
                         The worst hasn't happened yet." 
                     
                     
                         Tormented by horrid visions of 
                         being bound and gagged, she glued 
                         her eyes to the door of that other 
                         car. In another breath, now, out 
                         would leap a gang of masked ban- 
                         dits with machine guns, and she and 
                         Cy-- 
                     
                     
                         To her gasped amazement, only a 
                         single figure emerged and ran fleetly   
                 
             
             
                 
                 72 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     Bob raced to Eve's side of the car, ripped open the door, and had her fiercely tight in his arms before he exploded:
                        "What do you mean, running off like this with my wife, Clarke?" 
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         toward Cy s car. But not before 
                         her eyes, startled wide open with 
                         surprise, her thudding heart, her 
                         hurrying pulses told her who it was.  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Bob! Hateless, his face in the moon- 
                         light stern and grim as death. He 
                         raced to Eve's side of the car, ripped 
                         open the door, and had her fiercely  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Orchid Girl 73 
                 
                     
                     
                         tight in his arms before he exploded: 
                     
                     
                         "What do you mean, running off 
                         like this with my wife, Clarke?" 
                     
                     
                         Cy gaped. "Your wife? I 
                         didn t know- She only said 
                         -" Then relief made him blub- 
                         ber: "I thought gangsters kid- 
                         napers- out of gas." 
                     
                     
                         Bob, with Eve close in his hard 
                         but tender clasp, hurried toward his 
                         roadster. Over his shoulder he 
                         flung back: "Your car's safely off 
                         the road. Sleep off your nerve jag. 
                         I'll send you gas from the- first sta- 
                         tion we pass." 
                     
                     
                         Bob laid Eve gently back against 
                         the seat cushions and covered, her 
                         with a robe before he slid under the 
                         wheel. 
                     
                     
                         "All set?" he asked matter-ol- 
                         factly, but the concern in his man- 
                         ner made happiness pour through 
                         her veins like golden fire. 
                     
                     
                         She sighed contentedly. To have 
                         Bob save her like this was more 
                         thrilling than the most exciting 
                         movie rescue she'd ever seen. 
                     
                     
                         "You're not to talk," he ordered 
                         with a quick assumption of his pro- 
                         fessional manner. "I'll do that for 
                         both of us. Close your eyes and 
                         try to untie your nerves." 
                     
                     
                         She tried to obey. But it was 
                         too magically wonderful to be speed- 
                         ing under a deep-blue sky pricked 
                         with yellow stars, beside Bob, so 
                         magically near that her hand could, 
                         and did, touch the edge of his coat. 
                         She sighed again like a happy child 
                         and nestled her head in the cushions. 
                     
                     
                         A lilt of sheer joy warmed her 
                         voice when she broke the silence. 
                         "How did you happen to come for 
                         me, Bob?" 
                     
                     
                         He looked down at her wind- 
                         blown golden head, frowning. 
                         "Spoiled girl. Must have your own 
                         way. I told you not to talk. Well, 
                         if you must know, I didn't like the 
                         looks of your boy friend when he  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         was hurrying you out to his car. I 
                         know something of playboy Clarke's 
                         habits. He was all doped up to- 
                         night, so when I saw him start off 
                         at that breakneck speed, I had to 
                          put an interne on an urgent case of 
                         mine and waste some perfectly good 
                         time on a wild-goose chase after 
                         you." His eyes twinkling down at 
                         her softened the harshness of his 
                         words and manner. 
                     
                     
                         Silence. A wild elation thrilled 
                         through her. Bob must care or he 
                         wouldn't have taken the trouble to 
                         save her from Cy. 
                     
                     
                         She leaned forward suddenly to 
                         stare at him. "But, Bob," she be- 
                         gan, her heart a singing bird, "you 
                         told Cy I was your wife." 
                     
                     
                         He lighted a cigarette, and in the 
                         flare she saw his mouth thin into 
                         a hard line. "Don't let that upset 
                         you. I had to give that poor sap 
                         a jolt or he'd have tried to put up 
                         a fight for you. But I told you 
                         before you'd make havoc in the life 
                         of a man who's devoting, himself to 
                         service." He took a furious puff at 
                         his cigarette, inhaled deeply, then 
                         said in the tone of a person trying 
                         to convince himself: "I wouldn't 
                         want you for a wife if you were the 
                         last girl on earth. Not that I'm con- 
                         ceited enough," he added quickly, 
                         "to think you'd have me. 
                     
                     
                         "Stranger things than that have 
                         happened," she said meekly, and 
                         wished this ride through the per- 
                         fect summer night would last for- 
                         ever. 
                     
                     
                         Neither spoke again until a few 
                         yards ahead of them loomed up a 
                         gas station. 
                     
                     
                         "It'd do that fellow good to stay 
                         there all night and sleep it off," Bob 
                         muttered, then gave the attendant 
                         explicit directions about the location 
                         of Cy's car. 
                     
                     
                         Bob said, as if to himself, sud- 
                         denly: "A girl like you should al- 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 74 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         ways wear orchids and ride in lim- 
                         ousines." He shot the car ahead in 
                         a sudden burst of speed and lighted 
                         another cigarette, with unsteady fin- 
                         gers, Eve noticed. 
                     
                     
                         She laughed, and the silver sound 
                         of her laugh seemed to irritate Bob. 
                         He glanced at her sharply. "You 
                         find me quite a joke, don't you? 
                         Mistaking porcelain for crockery."  
                     
                         With a shy, sweet abandon she 
                         caressed his hand on the wheel and 
                         had the satisfaction of seeing his 
                         face quiver. 
                     
                     
                         "A very pleasant joke, Bob, and 
                         we need jokes and fun to help us 
                         in this tough, old world, don't we?" 
                         she asked in her most serious, little- 
                         girl manner. 
                     
                     
                         "Well, you don't need to draw a 
                         diagram of me making a fool of 
                         myself again over you," he said 
                         haltingly, as if he didn't believe his 
                         own words. "I'll do nicely without 
                         you in my life." Expertly he 
                         avoided a deep rut in the road. 
                         "You're a golden girl, and I'd burn 
                         my fingers if I touched you." 
                     
                     
                         She drew her fingers swiftly, pro- 
                         vocatively across his lips. "There, 
                         did that burn you?" she demanded, 
                         then sighed and asked in a low, 
                         shaken voice, "Why do we have to 
                         hurt each other every time we're to- 
                         gether?" 
                     
                     
                         Bob lighted another cigarette, in-, 
                         haled deeply, then flung it into the 
                         darkness. His voice was hard, 
                         clipped. "I've put up a tough fight 
                         with myself since I met you. That 
                         night on the bluff I thought you 
                         and I- But now I've got all that 
                         licked. I have no time for girls, 
                         no time for anything but my work." 
                         He flashed her a glance, and his 
                         eyes told her something that his lips 
                         denied, something that made a wild 
                         surge of joy beat through her. 
                     
                     
                         Both sat very quiet, his shoul- 
                         ders brushing hers, until the roadster  
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         "Some trick you two played on me," cried Clarke. "Your wife, eh? Well, that's a dirty lie. She's my girl. If I don't
                            get her, you won't. He swung about, a small automatic pointed at Bob. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 Orchid Girl 75 
                 
                     
                     
                         swerved into her driveway. Step- 
                         ping from the car, she suddenly 
                         stumbled. Everything went black 
                         before her. She would have fallen  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         but for Bob's outstretched arms. He 
                         caught her and carried her, soft, 
                         yielding, fragrant, to the bronze- 
                         grilled door. He made a move to  
                 
             
             
                 
                 76 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         set her down, but she clung to him 
                         like a frightened child. 
                     
                     
                         "Please, Bob, don't leave me. I'm 
                         all alone, and I feel so- funny." 
                     
                     
                         "Where are the servants?" 
                     
                     
                         "Dismissed." 
                     
                     
                         He placed her like something 
                         fragile on a couch in the mellow- 
                         lighted library, and drew up a chair 
                         beside her. 
                     
                     
                         Through the gray veil of his ciga- 
                         rette smoke he said: "Take it easy, 
                         Eve. This has been quite an eve- 
                         ning for you." He mused, "Some 
                         palace, this." 
                     
                     
                         "I was born here. It hurts to 
                         leave it." 
                     
                     
                         "Read that in the papers. Bunk, 
                         of course." 
                     
                     
                         She felt his eyes probe hers when 
                         she answered steadily: "Nothing 
                         left. But no debts. I'm on my own. 
                         A professional dancer from now on." 
                         She smiled bitterly.  
                     
                         He stared incredulous. "A so- 
                         ciety girl's whim, a dancing career." 
                     
                     
                         "Earn my way with these." She 
                         thrust out small feet in silver slip- 
                         pers. 
                     
                     
                         Grudgingly he said; "You have 
                         bewitching feet, Eve." 
                     
                     
                         She laughed, a bit wearily. "My 
                         face isn't so bad, either, when you 
                         get used to it." Then added indif- 
                         ferently, "I've had an offer to dance 
                         in a Broadway revue." 
                     
                     
                         "Eve Hilton in a Broadway re- 
                         vue," he scoffed. 
                     
                     
                         His mockery filled her with fury. 
                         How dared he laugh at her? 
                     
                     
                         Their glances crossed, and his face 
                         sharpened with pain, his handsome 
                         mouth set stubbornly, told her that 
                         which made her heart throb to an 
                         ecstatic tempo. 
                     
                     
                         She jumped up. "Must phone, 
                         before my New Yorker leaves for 
                         the train. Excuse me. Won't be 
                         long."  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         But she was. Bob had smoked 
                         an unbroken chain of cigarettes be- 
                         fore she trailed back, white-faced, 
                         eyes dark-ringed. 
                     
                     
                         Neither spoke for a moment. 
                     
                     
                         Out of that quiet, like a hoarse 
                         horn out of a fog, a voice from a 
                         French window in the sun room be- 
                         hind them startled them both to 
                         their feet. 
                     
                     
                         "Some trick you two played on 
                         me." One hand behind him, the 
                         other clutching the window frame, 
                         Cyril Clarke stood, wavering. His 
                         eyes were glazed; his mouth worked 
                         convulsively. He slurred his words. 
                     
                     
                         "Your wife, eh? Well, that's a 
                         dirty lie. She's my girl. If I don't, 
                         get her, you won't." 
                     
                     
                         He swung about, a small, auto- 
                         matic pointed at Bob. 
                     
                     
                         There was a terrible panic- 
                         stricken moment, then Eve leaped 
                         forward. "No, no, Cy! I love him!" 
                         A second of hesitation, then: "I 
                         told, you I couldn't marry you. 
                         There was some one else- Bob. 
                         He's my husband!" She flung her- 
                         self between the two men. 
                     
                     
                         With a jerk Bob thrust Eve 
                         aside, caught Cy's wavering arm, 
                         slipped the gun into his own pocket, 
                         and knocked the dope-filled youth 
                         flat. When, moaning and cursing, 
                         Cyril rose, Bob, with a few swift 
                         blows, rushed him through the win- 
                         dow and out into the clump of 
                         bushes below. 
                     
                     
                         "I hate to beat up a poor sap like 
                         that. He's ready for a sanitarium. 
                         Yet it had to be done," he remarked 
                         evenly, but his mouth was steel- 
                         hard. 
                     
                     
                         With a sobbing breath, Eve crum- 
                         pled into a chair, her face in her 
                         hands, 
                     
                     
                         "I was so afraid- he'd kill you," 
                         she quavered. 
                     
                     
                         Bob laughed. "Not with those  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Orchid Girl 77 
                 
                     
                     
                         shaking hands. I was afraid you 
                         would-" 
                     
                     
                         The mantel clock filled the room 
                         with its tickling. 
                     
                     
                         "Eve," Bob said, his hands 
                         clenched, as though words locked 
                         behind his lips were being forced 
                         from him. "I can't- I won't love 
                         you. You'd be a most exciting ex- 
                         travagance for an ambitious young 
                         doctor. But, oh, my darling"- his 
                         voice broke suddenly- "I can't live 
                         without you." 
                     
                     
                         He swept her close to him, and 
                         his lips pressed hers, satiny, berry- 
                         red, yielding. In the glorious magic 
                         of that kiss she was thrilled with 
                         an ecstasy that she thought be- 
                         longed only to the gods. 
                     
                     
                         Her arms crept up around his 
                         neck. She kissed him and gave her 
                         heart into his trust. 
                     
                     
                         "You won't always be a strug- 
                         gling doctor, dear," she said softly. 
                         "He bent his head and rained kisses 
                         on her spun-gold hair, on the Cu- 
                         pid's hollow in her throat, her hands, 
                         her mouth, exquisite, adorable, fra- 
                         grant as a rose leaf. "I'll earn with 
                         my dancing." 
                     
                     
                         "Not when you're my wife, be- 
                         loved." Gently he pushed her to-  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         ward the door. "Phone your New 
                         York man it's all off." 
                     
                     
                         "But, Bob-" she pleaded. 
                     
                     
                         He drew her into his arms and 
                         kissed her until rapture infolded her 
                         like a cloak. "I may never have 
                         much money, my love, but I can't 
                         let my wife dance for money." 
                     
                     
                         "For love, then. I'll dance my 
                         love for you, free," Eve said be- 
                         tween a laugh and a sob. "I phoned 
                         him 'no' already. Said I intended 
                         to marry." 
                     
                     
                         "Cy?" 
                     
                     
                         She shook her head. 
                     
                     
                         "You." Her eyes were adoring 
                         him. "I read somewhere, when 
                         something you want is passing you 
                         by, run after it. So I ran after you, 
                         with my love." 
                     
                     
                         Bob laughed joyously. "I did 
                         some pretty tall running after you 
                         to-night, my darling." 
                     
                     
                         She clung to him. She was where 
                         she had longed to be. Closely held 
                         in his arms, lips upon lips. 
                     
                     
                         A small, quivering sigh escaped 
                         her as he released her for a mo- 
                         ment. Then he crushed her to him 
                         again, and set his lips on hers in a 
                         kiss that lifted her to dizzying 
                         heights of ecstasy.  
                 
                 
                     When colds threaten. Vicks Va-Tro-Nol. Just a few drops up each nostril. 
                     If a cold strikes. Vicks Vaporub. Just rub on throat and chest. 
                     Follow Vicks Plan for a better Control of Colds 
                     Full details in each Vicks package 
                 
             
             
                 
                 
                 
                     Heartless Flirt 
                 
                  By  Ives Tudor   
                 
                     
                     
                         REINE, haven't you anything to 
                         tell me?" Carl Trueman asked 
                         in a strained voice. 
                     
                     
                         "Only that I had a grand week 
                         in town and bought scads of 
                         clothes," Reine laughed impishly up 
                         at him. 
                     
                     
                         "Why didn't you answer my let- 
                         ters and telegrams?" 
                     
                     
                         "Heavens!" The black lashes flew 
                         wide over dark eyes in genuine 
                         astonishment. "It took every spare 
                         minute I had to read less than half 
                         of them." She softened the blow. 
                         "It was dear of you to send them- 
                         and the flowers." 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "You promised me an answer 
                         when you got back," he continued 
                         grimly. 
                     
                     
                         "You made that suggestion," she 
                         denied. "I didn't promise anything." 
                     
                     
                         "See here, Reine!" His light-blue 
                         eyes snapped, displaying temper. 
                         "How long do you intend keeping 
                         this up? You've the most notorious 
                         reputation of flirt by now. Every 
                         unattached male in Crest Cove is 
                         mad about you, and a few married 
                         ones as well. I'm mad about you, 
                         but I'm not the kind of a man to 
                         be led around by the nose." 
                     
                     
                         Reine sighed dismally, drawing  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Heartless Flirt 79 
                 
                     
                     
                         down the corners of her lovely red 
                         lips. For the first time in weeks 
                         she felt free to walk where she 
                         pleased, knowing that Paul Cartier 
                         wouldn't leap out at her from the 
                         oddest places, shouting childish 
                         threats to kill himself unless she 
                         married him. And now Carl was 
                         spoiling everything! 
                     
                     
                         "I hoped for a breathing spell now 
                         that Père Cartier has dragged his 
                         neurotic offspring back to France," 
                         she sighed, dropping her small head, 
                         its lovely wealth of hair as black 
                         and sleek as the skin of a wet seal. 
                     
                     
                         "I do wish you'd stop being serious, 
                         Carl. I'm not in love with you or 
                         with any one. And I won't marry 
                         you for your money." 
                     
                     
                         His laugh was harsh enough to 
                         draw her startled gaze. 
                     
                     
                         "You may change your mind 
                         when the new prosecuting attorney 
                         starts in. He threatens to put your 
                         stepdad in the bread line or behind 
                         bars." 
                     
                     
                         Reine stopped and swung squarely 
                         to face him. Her cheeks were scar- 
                         let with anger. Small hands clenched 
                         and thumped the air. 
                     
                     
                         "He's an idiot! Sam Hollis isn't 
                         crooked. He helps put men into 
                         public office because he believes in 
                         them, and not for personal gain." 
                     
                     
                         "The prosecutor doesn't think so. 
                         He says-" 
                     
                     
                         "I know what he says," she inter- 
                         rupted sharply. "I've listened to his 
                         broadcasts. His official investiga- 
                         tions will prove him wrong." 
                     
                     
                         "He's after the machine that Sam 
                         helped- well, the political machine 
                         that it has taken years to build up. 
                         I hope they take the meddling fool 
                         for a ride," he finished viciously. 
                     
                     
                         "You're talking like a dime 
                         thriller, Carl." 
                     
                     
                         She began to hum a gay song 
                         and started across the lawn to join 
                         the laughing group on the terrace. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Suddenly the song died on her 
                         lips; the power to move seemed to 
                         desert her. She was conscious of 
                         nothing but the tall, broad-shoul- 
                         dered man with the slim hips and 
                         trim build of an athlete who stood 
                         talking to Francine Adair. 
                     
                     
                         While she stared at him, he 
                         smiled, his teeth showing dazzling 
                         white in contrast to the deep bronze 
                         of his face. 
                     
                     
                         Life flowed back into her limbs. 
                         She moved forward, into the sun- 
                         patched shade of silver poplars, 
                         looking dainty and lovely in the 
                         coral-colored chiffon frock, a floppy 
                         white garden hat dangling from one 
                         hand. 
                     
                     
                         "Who is that man?" she asked 
                         Carl. 
                     
                     
                         He followed her gaze and laughed 
                         as though at a secret joke. 
                         "That, my sweet, is Bart Anders, 
                         the new prosecuting attorney." 
                     
                     
                         Her breath caught in her throat, 
                         "What is he doing here?" 
                     
                     
                         "I wouldn't know!" He laughed 
                         derisively. "He came here the day 
                         after you left for town, rented the 
                         Miller bungalow and joined the 
                         crowd. His mother and Mrs. Lam- 
                         son were schoolgirl friends." 
                     
                     
                         "Does he know that Sam lives in 
                         Crest Cove?" 
                     
                     
                         "He's after information, if that's 
                         what you mean. Good thing Sam 
                         is staying in town with dad for a 
                         while." 
                     
                     
                         Amy Lamson called out a gay 
                         greeting. 
                     
                     
                         "Reine, darling, so glad you're 
                         back!" She added, "You look just 
                         like a lovely little girl standing 
                         there." 
                     
                     
                         "As if she didn't know it," Fran- 
                         cine Adair flung in tartly, drawing 
                         a few scattered snickers. 
                     
                     
                         Francine had lost Carl Trueman 
                         to Reine and resented it. 
                     
                     
                         Reine scarcely heard her. She  
                 
             
             
                 
                 80 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         was staring into the bluest eyes she 
                         had ever seen, smudged with thick 
                         black lashes. She felt the blood 
                         mounting to her face. 
                     
                     
                         "Darling," Amy Lamson con- 
                         tinued, "I want you to meet our new 
                         prosecuting attorney and the son of 
                         my dearest friend. Bart, come 
                         here." 
                     
                     
                         He was beside her now, meeting 
                         her wide-eyed gaze. Something 
                         flamed between them- something so 
                         thrillingly beautiful that it quivered 
                         through her like a song; his look was 
                         like wings beating in her heart, 
                         brushing against her eyelids, linger- 
                         ing on her lips. 
                     
                     
                         "Now, Bart," Mrs. Lamson 
                         warned half seriously after the intro- 
                         duction, "don't lose your heart to 
                         - her. She's a heartless little flirt." 
                     
                     
                         "Be careful, Bart," Francine ad- 
                         vised, lowering white lids over crafty 
                         gray eyes. "She's the daughter of 
                         King Graft Hollis." 
                     
                     
                         "Francine!" Mrs. Lamson rebuked 
                         sternly. 
                     
                     
                         But Francine ignored the rebuke: 
                     
                     
                         "Paul Cartier, the diamond 
                         baron's son, tried to commit suicide 
                         over her," she continued relentlessly. 
                     
                     
                         "That's not true," Carl defended. 
                         "The darn fool got drunk and fell 
                         out of the canoe. A man intent on 
                         self-destruction doesn't yell bloody 
                         murder to be saved." 
                     
                     
                         "Carl thinks the queen can do no 
                         wrong," Francine smirked slyly. 
                     
                     
                         But the blue eyes watching Reine 
                         had suddenly lost their wrath and 
                         become coldly impersonal. Terror 
                         crept through her a strange, devas- 
                         tating terror that was an icy flood 
                         in her veins, a flaming torment in 
                         her brain. Her hands pressed over 
                         her heart in a protecting gesture, but 
                         his frozen look pierced the barrier 
                         like stabbing knives. 
                     
                     
                         "So you're Reine Hollis," he 
                         stated, unsmiling. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "Sam is my stepfather," she ex- 
                         plained. "My name is Rogers." 
                     
                     
                         His shrug was slightly contemptu- 
                         ous, as though to say: "It's all the 
                         same breed." 
                     
                     
                         Some one tittered. Her dark eyes 
                         lost their velvety softness and swept 
                         the circle, silencing mirth. Red lips 
                         tightened angrily, emphasizing the 
                         determined chin cleft by a dimple 
                         that found its mate in her left cheek. 
                     
                     
                         "Sam is the best father a girl ever 
                         had." Her voice quivered with 
                         anger. 
                     
                     
                         "I admire loyalty in any one," 
                         Bart replied politely. 
                     
                     
                         Their eyes clung, and he took an 
                         involuntary step forward. Francine 
                         saw and hissed spitefully: 
                     
                     
                         "Remember Mrs. Lamson's warn- 
                         ing! She's a heartless flirt!" 
                     
                     
                         For the first time the coined ex- 
                         pression, given Reine shortly after 
                         her return from Europe a year be- 
                         fore, ceased to be amusing. She had 
                         gained the reputation of flirt be- 
                         cause few men could resist the lure 
                         of her vibrant, dusky beauty. And 
                         because she had flung herself with 
                         the innocent abandon of a happy 
                         child into a round of pleasure with 
                         each new, interesting-male, and tir- 
                         ing of their insistence, had sent them 
                         away bewildered and decidedly dis- 
                         appointed, she had been termed 
                         heartless. 
                     
                     
                         Francine bobbed forward and 
                         clutched Bart's arm with working 
                         fingers. Her foxlike face was flushed 
                         a mottled red. Eyes gleamed mali- 
                         ciously through narrowed slits. 
                     
                     
                         "Be careful of her, Bart." 
                     
                     
                         Carl's derisive laughter broke the 
                         tension. 
                     
                     
                         "You sound like a black witch 
                         on a black, black night, Fran." 
                     
                     
                         "She is a flirt. You can't deny 
                         it!" 
                     
                     
                         "Tch-tch!" Carl admonished.  
                 
                 LS-5F 
             
             
                 
                 Heartless Flirt 81 
                 
                     
                     
                         "Your nasty little brain is a gooey 
                         mess of jealousy, my pet." 
                     
                     
                         Reine's smile was tremulous, her 
                         dark eyes wide and serious. 
                     
                     
                         "I'm not as bad as Fran paints 
                         me, Mr. Anders." 
                     
                     
                         He smiled thinly. "Not being 
                         curious, I'll probably never know." 
                     
                     
                         Reine flushed and moved stiffly 
                         away to join the small group near 
                         the lily pond. Carl followed. 
                     
                     
                         "Darling"- Pamela Voight smiled 
                         sympathetically- "you'll never dan- 
                         gle Bart's scalp at 
                         your belt." 
                     
                     
                         "And it's such a 
                         nice dark one," Dodo 
                         Wilson sighed dole- 
                         fully, shaking her 
                         blond head. 
                     
                     
                         Les Whitney grunted 
                         angrily, running nerv- 
                         ous fingers through his 
                         thatch of straw-col- 
                         ored hair. 
                     
                     
                         "You blondes talk 
                         as though Reine were 
                         an aborigine head- 
                         hunter." 
                     
                     
                         Les had been in love 
                         with Reine since their 
                         romper days. His devotion was 
                         laughed at, even by himself. Only 
                         his kind brown eyes carried a hint 
                         of pain when he looked at her. 
                     
                     
                         Reine's dark head lifted in a chal- 
                         lenge. 
                     
                     
                         "I've never lost a man yet." 
                     
                     
                         It was sheer bravado, that re- 
                         mark. She could have added in all 
                         truth that until now, she had never 
                         intended any man to fall in love 
                         with her. They just did, spoiling 
                         everything. 
                     
                     
                         "Don't break a perfect record by 
                         tackling the iron man," Carl advised 
                         sagely. 
                     
                     
                         A warm glow filled her heart. 
                     
                     
                         "You mean he's not interested in 
                         any girl?" 
                     
                 

                 
                     
                     
                         "He's a confirmed woman-hater," 
                         said Carl. 
                     
                     
                         "Nope," Les denied quickly. 
                         "He's only shy of girls with daring 
                         reputations. A flirtatious lady 
                         ruined his brother Dave's political 
                         future some years ago. She forgot 
                         to tell Dave that she was married. 
                         Her husband raised a fuss, sued 
                         Dave and all that. It drove him 
                         out of politics. He died in a plane 
                         crash last year." 
                     
                     
                         "That's why Bart went into poli- 
                         tics," Dodo, added her 
                         bit, cheerfully. "He 
                         swore he'd get the 
                         men who framed 
                         Dave. He blamed 
                         no other than-" 
                     
                     
                         "- Shut up, Dodo!" 
                         Pamela nudged her 
                         tiny companion. 
                     
                     
                         "Blamed Sam, you 
                         mean?" Reine finished 
                         cleverly. "That is 
                         silly!" A dangerous 
                         gleam blazed in her 
                         dark eyes. "I'll make 
                         him eat out of my 
                         hand before I am 
                         through." 
                     
                     
                         "Be careful," Carl warned. "Those 
                         quiet fellows have dispositions like 
                         Indians." 
                     
                     
                         "Not jealous by any chance, 
                         Carl?" she teased. 
                     
                     
                         "Sure I am. You're going to 
                         marry me, my sweet. I always get 
                         what I want." 
                     
                     
                         "So do I," she snapped pertly, 
                         walking away. 
                     
                     
                         Reine had made a habit of taking 
                         her early-morning swim long before 
                         the rest of Crest Cove stirred from 
                         bed. She loved the fresh, dewy 
                         sweetness of the morning, the in- 
                         vigorating cold of the lake water, 
                         rippling into pure gold where the sun 
                         touched it. But most of all she  
                 
                 LS 6F 
             
             
                 
                 82 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         loved the solitude, the feeling of be- 
                         longing wholly to herself. 
                     
                     
                         She stood for a moment on the 
                         bank, a scarlet patch of color against 
                         the rose-gold of the morning. Then 
                         she plunged in and swam for the 
                         raft, climbing over the edge just as 
                         a dark head bobbed up on the op- 
                         posite side. Bart Anders grinned at 
                         her. 
                     
                     
                         "Good morning," he greeted her 
                         easily. 
                     
                     
                         She drew a long breath and 
                         laughed. "You startled me! I never 
                         expected any one else to be swim- 
                         ming at this hour." 
                     
                     
                         He drew his bronzed body, garbed 
                         in black trunks, up beside her. They 
                         sat rocking in rhythm to the raft's 
                         movements, staring at each other 
                         with the frankness of children. 
                     
                     
                         "Aren't you up early?" 
                     
                     
                         She shook her red-capped head. 
                         "I always swim at this time. I love 
                         it. It's so still and beautiful. I 
                         feel as though I'm the only person 
                         in the world." 
                     
                     
                         "I know. It's a grand feeling, 
                         isn t it?" 
                     
                     
                         He stood up quickly. Etched 
                         against the background of brilliant 
                         morning sky and, dark water, head 
                         flung high, he looked like a young 
                         god. Great muscles rippled easily 
                         and gracefully beneath his bronzed 
                         skin. 
                     
                     
                         He stared down at her, and her 
                         heart cried out against the barrier 
                         between them. He would never 
                         trust her because of Sam, and be- 
                         cause some one had been cruel and 
                         jealous enough to brand her a flirt. 
                         She shivered, but not from cold. 
                     
                     
                         "Hadn't you better take your 
                         swim and go in?" he asked matter- 
                         of-factly. 
                     
                     
                         She jumped to her feet. With 
                         quick, graceful movements she 
                         reached the springboard, leaped 
                         high in the air and dived. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         She swam back, laughing, with the 
                         sheer joy of living. Her next at- 
                         tempt was a perfect swan dive. He 
                         applauded heartily as she climbed 
                         back on the float and rested on her 
                         back, arms tucked beneath her head. 
                     
                     
                         "You can dive," he complimented. 
                         "I had hoped to win the Crest Cove 
                         championship this year. Now I 
                         shan't even compete for it." 
                     
                     
                         "You're being nice, Mr. Anders. 
                         I didn't think you could be." 
                     
                     
                         She was sorry the moment she had 
                         said it. The friendly laughter left 
                         his eyes, which became gleaming 
                         disks of blue ice. His strong mouth 
                         stretched to a hard, straight line. 
                     
                     
                         "We can't gain anything by use- 
                         less discussion"- curtly. "You are 
                         privileged to live your life. I live 
                         mine." 
                     
                     
                         "But you're wrong about Sam, 
                         Mr. Anders- wrong about me, too. 
                         Only I don't suppose that's impor- 
                         tant." 
                     
                     
                         She hated the lie. It was impor- 
                         tant, what he thought about her - 
                         the only important thing in the 
                         world. 
                     
                     
                         "You're either very clever or very 
                         stupid, Miss Rogers," he flung in 
                         with spirit. 
                     
                     
                         She bridled. "Sam hasn't earned 
                         the things you've said about him." 
                         She shielded her betraying eyes with 
                         one hand. "Neither have I." 
                     
                     
                         "I'm not aware of having dis- 
                         cussed you with any one." 
                     
                     
                         "No. But you've listened to. silly 
                         gossip. It's the same thing." 
                     
                     
                         "You call a brokenhearted boy's 
                         attempt at suicide silly gossip?"  
                     
                         Reine raised herself on an elbow. 
                         One slender hand reached-out, the 
                         fingers closing over, his strong brown 
                         wrist. There was appeal in her eyes 
                         and voice, and the quaver of tears. 
                         "I'll tell you the truth," she prom- 
                         ised. "I met Paul Cartier in France 
                         just before setting sail for home. He   
                 
             
             
                 
                 Heartless Flirt 83 
                 
                     
                     
                         followed me here. I never pretended 
                         to care for him- for any man. One 
                         night, Paul got drunk at a party and 
                         took a canoe out on the lake. It 
                         overturned; he couldn't swim. For- 
                         tunately, a couple in another canoe 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         heard him cry out. He swore he 
                         tried to kill himself beause of me. 
                         It was his way of striking back."  
                     
                         "Very convincing!"  
                     
                         She straightened, all the lovely 
                         color drained from her face.  
                     
                         "There has been, and 
                         are, too many men in 
                         love with you for you 
                         not to have earned the 
                         reputation of 'heartless 
                         flirt.' Men need encour- 
                         agement before making 
                         fools of themselves." 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 84 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         "You don't believe me?" 
                     
                     
                         "Frankly, no. There have been, 
                         and are, too many men in love with 
                         you for you not to have earned the 
                         reputation of 'heartless flirt.' Men 
                         need encouragement before making 
                         fools of themselves." 
                     
                     
                         "How can you be so cruel?" 
                     
                     
                         She couldn't keep the quiver of 
                         heartbreak out of her voice. Tears 
                         glittered on her lashes. Small hands 
                         pressed against her throat to ease 
                         the pain there. She loved him; she 
                         knew that now. His look, filled with 
                         curious amusement, was like the 
                         prick of thorns in her flesh. He 
                         haunted her consciousness like a 
                         ghost, making her want the feel of 
                         his strong arms about her, the pres- 
                         ence of his lips on her own. 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, you're cruel!" she repeated, 
                         hardly conscious that she had moved 
                         nearer, that her bare white shoulder 
                         brushed against the bronzed flesh 
                         of his arm. 
                     
                     
                         His smile was crooked. "I'm im- 
                         mune to your charms, Miss Rogers. 
                         Tell Sam Hollis that. Tell him 
                         he'll never trick me as he tricked 
                         Dave." 
                     
                     
                         The words reacted on Reine like 
                         a physical blow. She cringed, star- 
                         ing at him with tear-dimmed eyes. 
                         He couldn't have said that horrible 
                         thing! But he had. 
                     
                     
                         Then fury swept her, stinging 
                         through her pain like the lash of a 
                         whip, driving her to hurt him as she 
                         was hurt.  
                     
                         "You dare accuse me of such 
                         despicable cheapness?" she choked. 
                         "Did it ever occur to you that Dave 
                         Anders wasn't framed? That when 
                         he was caught with another man's 
                         wife in his arms, he lied to save him- 
                         self?" 
                     
                     
                         The blow struck home. He winced 
                         as from the touch of scorching irons. 
                         Pain twisted his face into a white,  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         tortured mask, filling Reine with a 
                         gloating, savage joy. 
                     
                     
                         He looked at her. She clenched 
                         white lids over stricken dark eyes 
                         to blot out the misery she saw mir- 
                         rored in those blue depths. She 
                         wanted to take back that awful ac- 
                         cusation, to beg his forgiveness. 
                         Most of all she wanted to put her 
                         young arms around him, to steady 
                         his shaking lips with her own. 
                     
                     
                         "You wouldn't have said that if 
                         you'd known Dave." 
                     
                     
                         "You gave me no benefit of the 
                         doubt." 
                     
                     
                         "I'm sorry. Let's call quits."  
                     
                         That meant he didn't want to see 
                         her again. She clenched white lips 
                         to strangle back a cry. Her next 
                         words came out involuntarily: 
                     
                     
                         "Of course if you re, afraid-" 
                     
                     
                         He interrupted sharply, "Afraid 
                         of what?" 
                     
                     
                         "Of me. But that's silly! Only 
                         men with red blood in their veins 
                         need be afraid of women." 
                     
                     
                         They stood up, and for a long 
                         moment gaze met gaze. He reached 
                         out and caught her wrist, pulling 
                         her close to him. Their young 
                         bodies touched and flames coursed 
                         through her own, leaping to life in 
                         her eyes. 
                     
                     
                         With an abrupt gesture, he moved 
                         away to the edge of the raft. She 
                         whirled and made for the other side, 
                         hitting the water in a clean dive. 
                         She swam, still under water, until 
                         her lungs threatened to burst, and 
                         bright-colored spots danced before 
                         her eyes. She never wanted to 
                         come up. If only she could go on 
                         like this forever, losing herself in 
                         the cool green depths of the water, 
                         becoming a part of it. 
                     
                     
                         But the instinct of youth and 
                         health sent her gasping to the sur- 
                         face and found her almost in the 
                         circle of Bart's arms. He gripped 
                         her shoulder, towed her shoreward  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Heartless Flirt 85 
                 
                     
                     
                         until his feet rested on the bottom. 
                     
                     
                         "Dear Heaven!" he breathed in 
                         quick relief. "When you didn't 
                         come up I thought- well, all kinds 
                         of horrible things." 
                     
                     
                         The tone of his voice made her 
                         heart sing, arid her quick laughter 
                         rippled upward on a note of exulta- 
                         tion. 
                     
                     
                         "You adorable thing!" 
                     
                     
                         His strong arms swept her close. 
                         His lips crushed her own in a kiss 
                         that lasted through thrilling eterni- 
                         ties, and rocked the world about her. 
                         She clung to him, afraid to believe 
                         that this beautiful thing had hap- 
                         pened to them. But it had. There 
                         was reality in his arms straining her 
                         close, and in the hot pressure of his 
                         lips on her own.  
                     
                         The day was far too long for 
                         Reine. Bart was closeted with his 
                         campaign manager, and she 
                         wouldn't see him until later, at 
                         Pamela Voight's party. She had 
                         promised to go with Carl and re- 
                         luctantly kept the promise. 
                     
                     
                         The dance was in full swing by 
                         the time Carl and Reine arrived. 
                         Mrs. Voight had hired an expen- 
                         sive orchestra for the occasion. 
                         They paused on the porch. 
                     
                     
                         "Um, lovely!" Reine enthused, 
                         tossing slim arms high, slender body 
                         swaying gracefully before Carl. 
                     
                     
                         In the beam of moonlight edged 
                         by the deep shadows of a vine- 
                         covered porch, she looked like a slim 
                         young goddess, the gown of white 
                         satin with silver threads through the 
                         weave, swirling about her silver- 
                         slippered feet. 
                     
                     
                         Carl watched her, red head thrust 
                         forward, eager eyes engulfing her.  
                     
                         "You're beautiful!" he breathed 
                         hoarsely. 
                     
                     
                         She stopped before him, sweet face 
                         lifted, only the image of Bart alive 
                         in her heart. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "Am I, Carl? Am I truly beauti- 
                         ful?" 
                     
                     
                         It was a wistful cry. She wasn't 
                         thinking of the effect of her loveli- 
                         ness on Carl. She only wanted his 
                         assurance that in Bart's eyes she 
                         would be everything desirable. 
                     
                     
                         Carl reached out and swept her 
                         into his arms, crushing the lovely 
                         gown carelessly, his lips closing 
                         down hard on her soft ones. 
                     
                     
                         Stunned by surprise, she went 
                         limp for a moment. And in that 
                         moment, some one close by in the 
                         shadows struck a match and held it 
                         to a cigarette. In the flare, Reine 
                         caught Bart's searching glance, filled 
                         with a hint of mockery. The next 
                         instant the light faded out, and he 
                         was gone. 
                     
                     
                         She fought like a wild thing in 
                         Carl's embrace. One small hand 
                         lashed out in a short arc and landed 
                         against his cheek before he would 
                         release her. Winged feet carried her 
                         into the house. Frantic eyes 
                         searched the room for Bart and 
                         couldn't find him. 
                     
                     
                         An eager partner claimed her. She 
                         went from one to the other in rapid 
                         succession, answering questions she 
                         scarcely heard, laughing when they 
                         laughed. And all the time her heart 
                         was breaking, her eyes were search- 
                         ing despairingly. 
                     
                     
                         The dance ended and Carl hur- 
                         ried up, one cheek suspiciously red- 
                         der than the other. 
                     
                     
                         "Reine, forgive me," he begged 
                         contritely. "You were so lovely 
                         so tempting." 
                     
                     
                         She stared at him as though he 
                         were a stranger. What he said didn't 
                         matter. Nothing mattered but 
                         Bart. 
                     
                     
                         She swung about to leave him and 
                         came face to face with Bart, Fran- 
                         cine clinging to his arm. Gowned 
                         in scarlet satin, her brown-haired, 
                         gray-eyed prettiness dimmed to  
                 
             
             
                 
                 86 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         nothing beside Reine's dusky loveli- 
                         ness. 
                     
                     
                         "We can row up to Pirate's Rock 
                         for a picnic," Francine was saying. 
                         "I know the dearest spot, Bart, and 
                         we-" 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, here you are," Reine said. 
                         deliberately, dark eyes fastened on 
                         Bart's white, drawn face. "This is 
                         our dance, isn t it, Bart?" 
                     
                     
                         The music began a slow, waltz. 
                         Reine slipped into Bart's arms and 
                         caught the malignant look Francine 
                         bestowed upon her. Out of earshot, 
                         she whispered: 
                     
                     
                         "I had to talk to you, Bart. I 
                         -I was afraid you wouldn't ask me 
                         to dance." 
                     
                     
                         "I have good manners, even 
                         though my judgment is poor," he re- 
                         plied coldly, not looking at her. 
                     
                     
                         They reached the open French 
                         doors leading; to the veranda. 
                     
                     
                         "Let's go outside. Please!" she 
                         coaxed when she read curt refusal 
                         in his eyes. 
                     
                     
                         There was a full pale moon riding 
                         high in the star-studded sky, its 
                         image weaving and trembling in the 
                         smooth mirror of the lake that 
                         stretched away from the foot of the 
                         garden. It sifted through the screen 
                         of scarlet ramblers that trellised the 
                         far end of the porch. She maneu- 
                         vered Bart to this spot, where shad- 
                         ows gave it mystery and a hint of 
                         romance. 
                     
                     
                         He laughed bitterly. "You choose 
                         an ideal setting, Miss Rogers- 
                         moonlight, music, and a beautiful 
                         girl." 
                     
                     
                         She pressed back against the ram- 
                         blers, a blur of white against scar- 
                         let. One hand clutched the trellis' 
                         for support, the other reached to- 
                         ward him in childish appeal. 
                     
                     
                         "Bart, you must believe that Carl 
                         had no right to- to kiss me." 
                     
                     
                         He stiffened. His voice quavered 
                         with something deeper than anger. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "You 
                         gave him 
                         that right. I 
                         saw you tempt 
                         him. I heard what 
                         said before-" 
                     
                     
                         "You're horribly wrong," 
                         she broke in. She swung close 
                         to him, a vibrant spark of loveliness. 
                         One hand caught his shoulder, and 
                         she raised her face to his. 
                     
                     
                         "I've never given any man but 
                         you the right to kiss me, Bart." 
                     
                     
                         He caught her wrists and held her 
                         away from him. 
                     
                     
                         "You'll not trick me again," he 
                         lashed out. "Francine warned me 
                         you'd try it. Well, I'm onto your 
                         scheme yours and Sam Hollis's and 
                         the man who hires him to do his 
                         dirty work. I'll have them where I 
                         want them in a few hours. Then 
                         I'll crush the whole filthy machine, 
                         and you with it"  
                 
                 
                     
                      Heartless Flirt 87 
                     
                         Carl reached out and swept Reine into his arms. Stunned by surprise, 
                         she went limp for a moment. And in that moment, she caught Bart's 
                         glance, filled with a hint of mockery. The next instant he was gone. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         He was talking wildly, but his ac- 
                         cusations didn't make sense in her 
                         consciousness. All she knew was 
                         that there was hate in his eyes. 
                     
                     
                         She brushed limp fingers across 
                         her eyes. Suddenly her heart leaped. 
                         That wasn't hate she saw. It was 
                         pain, hunger, desire! 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         She swayed dizzily; his arm stiff- 
                         ened to give her support. She re- 
                         laxed against him, and his arms 
                         tightened about her, crushing her 
                         close against him. The tumultuous 
                         throb of their hearts caused them to 
                         tremble. 
                     
                     
                         He caressed the smooth dark  
                 
             
             
                 
                 88 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         beauty of her hair with a shaking 
                         hand, touched her cheek and the 
                         white loveliness of her bare shoulder 
                         reverently. 
                     
                     
                         "Beautiful- beautiful," he mur- 
                         mured, his cheek resting against her 
                         tear-wet one. "Reine" - it was a 
                         far-away whisper of sound- "you're 
                         not teasing me? This isn t a trick?" 
                     
                     
                         "Darling darling! Oh, Bart, kiss 
                         me! I can't bear it if you don't!" 
                     
                     
                         The kiss caught her up, lifted her 
                         into a world that held nothing but 
                         his arms, his lips and his strong, 
                         trembling body melting against her 
                         own. 
                     
                     
                         Then a laughing, chattering group 
                         barged onto the porch with a sud- 
                         denness that, left Bart and Reine 
                         frozen in each other's embrace. 
                     
                     
                         "Here they are!" Dodo Wilson 
                         shrieked to some one behind her. 
                     
                     
                         Francine Adair thrust herself for- 
                         ward, hands akimbo. "You cer- 
                         tainly did it, Reine." She tossed 
                         back over her shoulder to the others: 
                         "She said she'd make Bart fall in 
                         ten minutes, didn't she? And she 
                         did it in eight. You win, Reine! 
                         We'll pay up." 
                     
                     
                         There was a stunned silence. The 
                         enormity of Francine's trickery left 
                         Reine speechless. Icy fingers of fear 
                         trailed over her flesh; icy fingers, beat 
                         against her lips to liberate frozen 
                         speech. The moon, stars, and earth 
                         whirled crazily about her and 
                         through it, beating against her ear- 
                         drums, rose wild laughter Fran- 
                         cine's. 
                     
                     
                         Bart's look washed over her like 
                         a baptism of fire. He whirled and 
                         disappeared into the night. With his 
                         going, life flowed back into her 
                         limbs, lent wings to her feet. She 
                         raced after him, moaning, sobbing 
                         his name over and over until it be- 
                         came a litany of terror and heart- 
                         break. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         She caught up with him. Frantic 
                         hands clung to him, nor could he 
                         shake them off. 
                     
                     
                         "Bart, you've got to listen. Fran- 
                         cine lied! She lied, Bart!" 
                     
                     
                         He strode on, almost carrying her 
                         weight as she clung to him. It was 
                         only when she stumbled and fell that 
                         he stopped. He lifted her easily, 
                         holding her at arm's length. 
                     
                     
                         "Aren't you satisfied with what 
                         you've done to me?" he gritted 
                         through clenched teeth. 
                     
                     
                         She struggled to get near to him. 
                         Suddenly he caught her close. His 
                         kisses weren't tender now. They 
                         burned and bruised her soft lips, 
                         sending waves of fear through her. 
                         She beat tiny fists against his shoul- 
                         ders, fighting to be free. 
                     
                     
                         He shoved her away, fumbling in 
                         his pocket. 
                     
                     
                         "You made me pay in humilia- 
                         tion for the kisses you gave me. Now 
                         I'll pay for the ones I stole."  
                     
                         He thrust something into her 
                         hand and walked quickly away. 
                         Dumbly, she stared at the thing in 
                         her hand. It was a new- one- 
                         hundred-dollar bill. Bart had paid 
                         for those kisses. Paid her as though 
                         she were- 
                     
                     
                         She screamed. It lanced the air 
                         like the eerie wail of some dying 
                         thing. The next instant she crum- 
                         pled to the grass in a small, pa- 
                         thetic heap, beating the ground with 
                         bruised fists, sobbing brokenly. 
                     
                     
                         Les found her. He picked her up, 
                         held her tenderly close while she 
                         gasped out in anguish. After the 
                         fierce paroxysm had passed, he sug- 
                         gested sensibly: 
                     
                     
                         "Come back now, dear, and act as 
                         though nothing had happened." 
                     
                     
                         "I can't- I can't!" 
                     
                     
                         "You must. The others under- 
                         stand, and Francine has gone. Pa- 
                         mela saw to that the moment she 
                         heard. I ll tell Bart-"  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Heartless Flirt 89 
                 
                     
                     
                         "No!" She beat his arm, shaking 
                         . her head, the lovely hair tumbling 
                         about her face. "Promise me you 
                         won't tell him. I hate him! Oh, 
                         Les, I wish you didn't love me. 
                         Then I- I could marry you, and 
                         we d-" 
                     
                     
                         "Poor comfort in that thought for 
                         either of us, dear," he said unstead- 
                         ily, while his mouth stretched in a 
                         grimace of pain. 
                     
                     
                         They reached the porch. She 
                         shivered and drew back at the sound 
                         of music and laughter from within. 
                     
                     
                         "Let me be alone for just a min- 
                         ute," she pleaded. 
                     
                     
                         Like a small hurt ghost, she crept 
                         to the corner of the porch near the 
                         ramblers. The place where- could 
                         it be only moments ago?- Bart had 
                         held her in his arms. 
                     
                     
                         "Reine!" 
                     
                     
                         She jerked rigid and whirled. 
                         From the shadows, a dark figure 
                         emerged. It was Carl. 
                     
                     
                         "Listen, Reine" -his voice was 
                         clipped, strained- "you're in a spot. 
                         Some of the girls are spreading a 
                         disgusting story, saying you've gone 
                         pretty far with Bart to save Sam. 
                         To save his pride, Bart will bolster 
                         it." 
                     
                     
                         It was insane reasoning. But 
                         Reine wasn't capable of judging 
                         that, now. She was conscious only 
                         that the money Bart had thrust 
                         upon her burned her hand, that she 
                         must do something- anything- to 
                         prove to him that she had really in- 
                         tended to trick him. She wanted to 
                         wound him now, as he had wounded 
                         her. 
                     
                     
                         "If we got married to-night, 
                         Reine, every one would think you 
                         didn't give a darn about him? It 
                         would hurt him, too. Don't you see 
                         that it would?" 
                     
                     
                         It was a tempting argument. Al- 
                         most before she knew it, she had 
                         given consent and they were speed-  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         ing along the, highway in Carl's 
                         shiny roadster, headed for the near- 
                         est justice of the peace. 
                     
                     
                         Thoughts tumbled about in her 
                         brain strange, queer thoughts that 
                         made-no sense. Then, like the first 
                         low throb of a far-off drum, realiza- 
                         tion stirred through her. She was 
                         going to marry Carl! Suddenly she 
                         knew, she couldn't go through with 
                         it. 
                     
                     
                         "Carl, stop the car!" she cried. 
                     
                     
                         It came to a skidding stop at the 
                         side of the road. He twisted about 
                         in his seat to face her, lips curved 
                         in a mocking smile. 
                     
                     
                         "Changed your mind?" 
                     
                     
                         "I can't do it, Carl. It wouldn't 
                         be fair to you." 
                     
                     
                         He leaned back with folded arms. 
                         "You'll either consent to marry me, 
                         Reine, or we'll spend the night here. 
                         And what a reputation you'll have 
                         by to-morrow!" 
                     
                     
                         "You can't mean that!" 
                     
                     
                         "Try me and see. I told you I 
                         wouldn't be led around by the nose." 
                     
                     
                         "But I don't love you, Carl." 
                     
                     
                         His look was bold, sly, and filled 
                         with something that made her flesh 
                         crawl. 
                     
                     
                         "Maybe I'll find I don't love you 
                         after a month or two. Then I'll be 
                         reasonable about a divorce." 
                     
                     
                         "Bart will kill you for this!" she 
                         moaned, covering scarlet cheeks 
                         with cold hands. 
                     
                     
                         She hadn't meant to say any such 
                         thing. Carl accepted it as a good 
                         joke and rocked with laughter. Her 
                         own clashed against it, harsh, dis- 
                         cordant. What did it matter to 
                         Bart what Carl did, now or ever? 
                     
                     
                         "After to-night," Carl gurgled be- 
                         tween spells of laughter, "Bart will 
                         play ball with the big boys, or else 
                         he'll-" 
                     
                     
                         Reine jerked very straight, hands 
                         clenched in her lap, quivering with 
                         an unknown dread. Intuition sent 
                     
                     
                         \  
                 
             
             
                 
                 90 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     She raced after him, moaning, sobbing his name. She caught up with him. 
                     "Bart," she cried, you've got to listen. Francine lied! She lied, Bart!"  
                 
                     
                     
                         her blindly forward in search of 
                         truth on the thin ice of Carl's care- 
                         less statement. 
                     
                     
                         "You mean they've picked to- 
                         night to frame Bart?" she asked, 
                         controlling the tremor in her voice.  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "You know, then?" he demanded.  
                     
                         "Sam told me they were out to 
                         frame him," she lied in desperation.  
                     
                         "Yes, it's to-night. When Bart 
                         reaches his cabin, he'll find a recep- 
                         tion committee waiting for him- 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 Heartless Flirt 91 
                 
                     
                     
                         cameras all around, and a lovely 
                         lady for his arms." 
                     
                     
                         She remembered now Bart's ac- 
                         cusation against an unknown man 
                         he bad said Sam worked for. She 
                         took another blind, step. 
                     
                     
                         "Then you know that your father 
                         is the man Sam works for, Carl?" 
                     
                     
                         He sobered instantly. "Who men- 
                         tioned my father?" 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, Carl! Don t look so sur- 
                         prised," she laughed. Another lie, 
                         she felt, wouldn't matter. "I knew 
                         it long ago." 
                     
                     
                         "Why didn't you tell me you 
                         knew?" 
                     
                     
                         She shrugged convincingly. "Sam 
                         didn't want me to." 
                     
                     
                         He accepted the explanation and 
                         changed the subject. 
                     
                     
                         "What about us? Don't go old- 
                         fashioned on me, darling." 
                     
                     
                         "Well"- giving him a provocative 
                         sidelong glance- "you drive to the 
                         nearest justice, and I'll think it 
                         over." 
                     
                     
                         "Good girl!" he enthused, reading 
                         consent into her reply. 
                     
                     
                         They reached Medville. Carl 
                         drew the car up before a tiny, ivy- 
                         covered cottage set far back from 
                         the road in a grove of maple trees. 
                         The justice, cadaverous and half 
                         asleep, sensing a large fee, let them 
                         in. He smiled affably when Reine 
                         asked permission to comb her hair 
                         and powder her nose before the cere- 
                         mony. 
                     
                     
                         She followed his sleepy-eyed, 
                         wrinkled old wife up the stairs. Once 
                         inside the clean bedroom, she 
                         whirled and gripped the older 
                         woman's arm. 
                     
                     
                         "Please, can I get out of here with- 
                         out the men seeing me? I'm in ter- 
                         rible trouble. Won't you help me?" 
                     
                     
                         "There's the back stairs," the 
                         woman managed to gasp. 
                     
                     
                         Reine pulled Bart's one-hundred- 
                         dollar bill from her bosom and  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         thrust it into the gnarled old hand. 
                         Three minutes later she was in Carl's 
                         car, driving like mad toward Crest 
                         Cove.  
                     
                         It was a badly frightened, di- 
                         sheveled Reine who pounded on the 
                         door of Bart's bungalow. The place 
                         was dark, the door locked, and no 
                         one answered her frantic summons.  
                     
                         A horrible thought left her weak 
                         and shaken, leaning against the door 
                         for support. Maybe Bart had re- 
                         sisted his enemies; maybe something 
                         had happened to him. 
                     
                     
                         "Bart- Bart!" 
                     
                     
                         A quick thud of running feet up 
                         the path whirled her about. Could 
                         it be Carl coming after her, to force 
                         her into marriage? She caught a 
                         glimpse of the figure in the moon- 
                         light and stumbled toward it with a 
                         glad cry. 
                     
                     
                         Bart's arms were about her, hold- 
                         ing her close. 
                     
                     
                         "Dear, merciful Heaven!" his 
                         breath jarred sobbingly through 
                         white lips. "You gave us an awful 
                         scare. Les and I have been hunt- 
                         ing you for hours." 
                     
                     
                         "Bart, you haven't been in the 
                         house?" 
                     
                     
                         "No. I got nearly home, then 
                         turned and went back to Pamela's. 
                         I had to beg your forgiveness for 
                         the awful thing I had done. Les 
                         told me Francine had lied. I'm so 
                         ashamed, my darling." 
                     
                     
                         Wild words tumbled from her lips 
                         as she repeated Carl's story. When 
                         she had finished, he said: "Don't 
                         you know this may mean prison for 
                         Sam?" 
                     
                     
                         She clung to him, crying: "You're 
                         all that matters to me, Bart. I'll 
                         swear I was here with you all night. 
                         Sam won't let them hurt you, then. 
                         He can't without hurting me." 
                     
                     
                         "Darling- darling! You'd sacri- 
                         fice so much for me?"  
                 
             
             
                 
                 92 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         "I love you," she whispered 
                         simply and looked at him 
                         steady, fearless eyes.  
                     
                         He threw back his head in a chal- 
                         lenge to the world. "Nothing can 
                         hurt me now, sweetheart. And 
                         there's nothing for us to fear. I 
                         came up here to give my enemies a 
                         chance at me; I wanted to trap the 
                         man responsible for the political- 
                         graft racket. I knew he'd try to 
                         frame me as he framed Dave. But 
                         the girl they picked to do the trick 
                         this time was one of my own assist- 
                         ants. I matched their trickery and 
                         succeeded in placing her in their 
                         gang to get information. She got it. 
                         Plenty! That's what my campaign 
                         manager came to tell me to-day. 
                         We've enough evidence on Lathrop 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Trueman to put him behind bar for 
                         twenty years."  
                     
                         "And Sam?"  
                     
                         "The evidence proves him a blind 
                         dupe, not a crook. But he's defi- 
                         nitely out of politics."  
                     
                         She relaxed against him, blissfully 
                         content. His arms tightened about 
                         her; his lips found her own waiting 
                         ones. 
                     
                     
                         "We must find Les and tell him 
                         you're safe," he murmered making 
                         no move to do anything of the kind.  
                     
                         "Darling," she breathed raptur- 
                         ously, lifting tempting lips again, 
                         "Les can wait until-" 
                     
                     
                         His warm lips smothed the 
                         words. they forgot Les- forgot 
                         everything. Their heaven was only 
                         big enough for two. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         LOVE 
                     
                     A CLOUD drifted by,  And as I watched, I  Whispered half aloud,  "Love is a cloud."  
                     When, full of awe,  A new moon I saw,  I hummed a tune-  "Love is a new moon."  
                     I heard a bird sing,  Just a simple thing,  But my heart it fed;  "Love's a song. I said."  
                     Love is a cloud, a  Moon; love is a song-  Come, let us find it now,  Come, come along!  
                      Elfrida Norden . 
                 
             
             
                 
                 
                 
                     Violet Eyes 
                 
                  By  Ethel Le Compte   
                 
                     
                     
                         MABRUE perched the hat- 
                         "Advance Models for Spring, 
                         Only Two Ninety-eight"- 
                         atop her shining brown hair. Squeez- 
                         ing in between two other bargain 
                         hunters, she peeped into the mirror. 
                     
                     
                         The nice things the right hat can 
                         do for a girl! But dare she spend 
                         the money? She took off the hat  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         and gazed at it covetously. In the 
                         bag she held between her slim body 
                         and her elbow was less than five dol- 
                         lars. On, Saturday, she would get 
                         the ten dollars Aunt Bessie sent 
                         each week, but that would have to 
                         go for room rent and food.  
                     
                         Perhaps she had been reckless to 
                         buy this suit from Marge, but it did   
                 
             
             
                 
                 94 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         fit so well, was just the right shade 
                         of blue, and Marge had worn it only 
                         a few times. And where could you 
                         get a suit for five dollars? 
                     
                     
                         She could not wear the outmoded 
                         black satin hat that had been Aunt 
                         Bessie's pride last winter and her 
                         own abomination this, with her new 
                         suit, and hope to get a job. She 
                         scowled at the atrocity lying there 
                         with her newspaper turned to the 
                         "Help Wanted- Female" page. 
                     
                     
                         Her scowl changed to a look of 
                         astonishment as a man's hand 
                         reached between two shoppers and 
                         grabbed up the hat as if it were a 
                         prize. Actually, there was delight 
                         written all over the handsome face 
                         Mabrue saw over the women's 
                         heads. 
                     
                     
                         Then he was in front of her, 
                         thrusting her own hat at her and 
                         saying crisply: "I'll take this. Put 
                         it in a bag and make it snappy, 
                         please." From his bill fold he took 
                         ten dollars and gave her that, too. 
                     
                     
                         Marbue blinked. Then she 
                         grinned. He thought he was buy- 
                         ing a new hat! What luck! Now 
                         she could buy the new one. 
                     
                     
                         "Yes, sir," she said primly. She 
                         hurried away, only to turn and come 
                         back. Drawing him away from the 
                         mob, she confessed: "I'm not 
                         working here. The hat you want is 
                         my old one. I was trying on this 
                         blue one, you see, wondering if I 
                         could afford it." She gulped and 
                         held out his money. Tears stung 
                         her eyes. 
                     
                     
                         "And I," exploded the young 
                         man, "have spent the morning 
                         searching for just this lid for Aunt 
                         Ellen to wear to a funeral." Sud- 
                         denly, he brightened. "Say, Violet 
                         Eyes, how about a swap?" he de- 
                         manded. 
                     
                     
                         "Mister, you're an angel straight 
                         from the pearly gates!" 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "You're the angel!" he returned. 
                         "You'll be an archangel if you'll 
                         meet me at the glove counter with 
                         the hat and change. I've got to 
                         buy a veil and black gloves, and 
                         get all the way down to Deal, New 
                         Jersey." 
                     
                     
                         "I'll be only too glad to help you 
                         out," Mabrue answered promptly. 
                     
                     
                         "Heck! I've lost the list with her 
                         glove size on it. Lemme look at 
                         your hands, young hoss-trader. 
                         Yep, about the same size." 
                     
                     
                         "Six will do; then. How do you 
                         know I'll show up with the change?" 
                     
                     
                         "You're so all-fired, honest you 
                         couldn't even let me buy the old 
                         hat without a scenario of the plot. 
                         Lady, Norman Norris trusts thee."  
                     
                         On the way to the glove counter, 
                         Mabrue went to the rest room to 
                         freshen her complexion and change 
                         hats. She smiled at her reflection. 
                     
                     
                         As she approached the glove 
                         counter, she thought how tall and 
                         well-built, and how very well dressed 
                         Norman Norris was. He smiled at 
                         her as he would at his nearest and 
                         dearest, and spoke in a voice, just 
                         as intimate. 
                     
                     
                         "Auntie's veil and gloves," he 
                         said, as he dropped the small bags 
                         into the large one she gave him. 
                         "Here are the blue gloves you 
                         wanted, dear." To the clerk he 
                         said: "Not many wives trust their 
                         husbands to pick out their mittens, 
                         do they?" 
                     
                     
                         "Perhaps madame would like to 
                         try them on," smiled the girl. 
                     
                     
                         Once more this strange young 
                         man was making Mabrue blink. Her 
                         winsome face grew rosy. Then she 
                         laughed delightedly. 
                     
                     
                         "Why not?" she said airily, favor- 
                         ing her husband with a mocking 
                         smile. "Did you get the rompers 
                         for Susie? And union suits for 
                         Danny?" 
                     
                     
                         She perched on the stool, and  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Violet Eyes 95 
                 
                     
                     
                         rested her elbow on the little cush- 
                         ion, while the clerk cased on the 
                         exquisite blue glace gloves. 
                     
                     
                         "What size does Aunt Ellen 
                         wear?" Mabrue asked with a twin- 
                         kle. 
                     
                     
                         "Seven." Norman matched her 
                         twinkle. "Told you I'd lost the list, 
                         so how do I know about Susie's 
                         rompers and Danny's undies?" 
                     
                     
                         "You lose everything, my prob- 
                         lem child," sighed Mabrue. 
                     
                     
                         W"ell, who lost her wedding 
                         ring?" flung back Norman Norris. 
                     
                     
                         "I suppose to-day is as good as any 
                         to buy you a new one." 
                         "No. Rings are so frightfully 
                         Victorian," Mabrue drawled. 
                     
                     
                         "You were proud enough of 
                         yours," he murmured close to her 
                         ear, "when I put it on your digit 
                         last June- er- I mean several Junes 
                         ago, considering we have Susie and 
                         Danny. On the lost list, my pet, 
                         were shoes, sheers, and peach-col- 
                         ored do-dads for you. Remember?" 
                     
                     
                         "Of all the zanies!" chuckled 
                         Mabrue. 
                     
                     
                         "Hose for madame," put in the 
                         clerk, signaling to a clerk at the op- 
                         posite counter. 
                     
                     
                         Mabrue said hastily: "We'd best 
                         buy the children's things first." 
                     
                     
                         Norman grinned wickedly. "Socks 
                         for mamma first," he decreed. 
                     
                     
                         Then I'll cure you, smarty," Ma- 
                         brue told him, low. 
                     
                     
                         But when she bought six pairs of 
                         the sheerest, he only laughed. 
                     
                     
                         "Black for auntie, size ten," he 
                         ordered. "No cobwebs, however." 
                     
                     
                         The hosiery went into the hat 
                         bag. "Ladies shoes?" he inquired. 
                     
                     
                         "I shall be pleased to escort you 
                         there, sir," spoke up an elegant 
                         young man. "I'm Smithers of la- 
                         dies shoes. Been matching hose for 
                         a customer." He smiled ingratiat- 
                         ingly at the handsome pair. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Mabrue clutched Norman's 
                         sleeve. "Are they all in conspiracy 
                         with you to push me from one de- 
                         partment to another? Seriously, 
                         Mr. Norris, the joke has gone far 
                         enough already." 
                     
                     
                         "I," said Norman, taking her arm 
                         and following their guide, "haven't 
                         had so much fun since the mice 
                         made a nest in aunty's best wig." 
                     
                     
                         "I feel as if I were living in a 
                         comic strip," laughed Mabrue. 
                     
                     
                         "I live by one, my lamb. I do 
                         the 'Let's Be Gay!' strip." 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, I adore that series!" cried 
                         Mabrue. 
                     
                     
                         "Could you adore its papa? 
                         Nice fellow. Sober. Reliable. 
                         Amusing, though slightly mad. He 
                         dotes on sleek brown hair with red 
                         glints in it, violet eyes with imps in 
                         em, devastating dimples, and lus- 
                         cious lips." 
                     
                     
                         "Why, there's my uncle!" Mabrue 
                         was away like a shot. 
                     
                     
                         Norman was after her like an- 
                         other and more speedy shot. When 
                         she admitted it was a ruse to get 
                         away, he grew grave. He asked so- 
                         berly:" You want to get away? 
                         End this? And it was off to such a 
                         good start!" 
                     
                     
                         They returned to the guide, and 
                         Norman explained: "Thought we 
                         saw Uncle Eben, but it was two 
                         other people. Lead on, Mr. Smith- 
                         ers." 
                     
                     
                         "We can save time if you don't 
                         mind climbing a short stairway, sir." 
                     
                     
                         "We spent our honeymoon climb- 
                         ing the Alps," Norman assured him. 
                     
                     
                         At the turn in the stairs, he drew 
                         Mabrue to him. "I was so happy 
                         over finding such a delightful play- 
                         mate", he chided. "Why did you 
                         scram?" 
                     
                     
                         "Because I can't let you see the 
                         darns in my stockings," Mabrue 
                         confessed, close to tears. "This 
                         foolery has been the only fun I've  
                 
             
             
                 
                 96 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         had since I came to the city. It was 
                         worse back home." 
                     
                     
                         "Why, you poor, sweet bunny!" 
                         His free arm went around her, and 
                         his concerned eyes looked into hers. 
                     
                     
                         "Dewy violets," he breathed, and 
                         kissed her soft, tremulous mouth 
                         with infinite tenderness. 
                     
                     
                         For a second, Mabrue clung to 
                         him, then freed-herself. 
                     
                     
                         "You will play with Norman, 
                         sweet. Vi Eye?" he pleaded softly. 
                     
                     
                         "But the d-darns," she wailed. 
                     
                     
                         "I love em because you did 'em 
                         with your own fair hands." 
                     
                     
                         When Mr. Smithers slipped off 
                         Mabrue's scuffed brown oxford, and 
                         the darns were revealed in all their 
                         neatness, Mabrue flushed rosily. 
                     
                     
                          While the salesman was seeking 
                         the blue kid pumps and brown ox- 
                         fords asked for, Norman said: "I 
                         crave to see those enchanting ankles 
                         in sheers." 
                     
                     
                         "How you do run on, Mr. Nor- 
                         ris," laughed Mabrue, her color 
                         deepening. 
                     
                     
                         "Does my running get me to the 
                         goal I hope for?" he demanded. 
                     
                     
                         "Does it usually? You must have 
                         had plenty of experience."  
                     
                         "I have, but I've never been so 
                         darn keen about a girl before," he 
                         told her with earnestness in his gay 
                         voice and eyes.  
                     
                         Mabrue had nothing to say to 
                         that. She wanted terribly to be- 
                         lieve him, but it was all so impos- 
                         sible.  
                     
                         After Mr. Smithers had fitted her, 
                         she whispered to Norman: "Just 
                         the oxfords. The blues are ador- 
                         able, but not practical." 
                     
                     
                         "We'll, take both," Norman said 
                         crisply. "Now for lunch." 
                     
                     
                         "I'm in your debt too much al- 
                         ready," Mabrue demurred. 
                     
                     
                         "I'm in yours, you mean. Be- 
                         cause of your hat, Aunt Ellen will 
                         probably leave me an extra million." 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "Is there really an Aunt Ellen?" 
                     
                     
                         "Two hundred pounds of her. 
                         Nearly sixty, a tartar, but I love 
                         her. We live together in an old- 
                         fashioned apartment in the Murray 
                         Hill section, but she spends a lot of 
                         her time visiting old friends in the 
                         hinterland. She's been with a sick 
                         friend in Deal. The friend died yes- 
                         terday, hence the shopping. I've got 
                         to drive down there to-day with the 
                         stuff." 
                     
                     
                         "I thought you were buying the 
                         hat for a joke or something. It's a 
                         hand-me-down from my aunt. 
                         We've both cherished it, but it does 
                         need a new lining. I'll buy one. 
                         You wanted to see the sheers on, 
                         so I'll go to the rest room and put 
                         them and the new pumps on, and 
                         meet you at the restaurant on the 
                         eighth floor. Order something light 
                         for me." 
                     
                     
                         "Is it Emily Post to lunch with 
                         a lady whose name you do not 
                         know?" 
                     
                     
                         "Mabrue Milburn accepts Mr. 
                         Norris s kind invitation to lunch- 
                         eon." 
                     
                     
                         "Mabrue Milburn isn't taking a 
                         run-out powder, is she?" 
                     
                     
                         When Mabrue, fairly dancing in 
                         the new pumps, entered the restau- 
                         rant, she saw Norman's sleek black 
                         head at once. She thrilled at the ob- 
                         vious relief on his face. 
                     
                     
                         "We should have gone where there 
                         was dancing," he said, seating her. 
                     
                     
                         "You've got to drive to Deal," 
                         she reminded him. 
                     
                     
                         "Worse luck- but I mustn't say 
                         that when I've just had the luck to 
                         meet you, the most wonderful thing 
                         that ever happened to me. There 
                         will be other days- heady spring 
                         days and glorious summer nights, 
                         too." 
                     
                     
                         Mabrue's heart was beating with 
                         a new wild beat. Her lovely face 
                     
                 
                 LS 6F 
             
             
                 
                 Violet Eyes 97 
                 
                     
                     
                         was radiant. She fairly sparkled. 
                         She looked and felt another girl 
                         from the one Norman had mistaken 
                         for a clerk. 
                     
                     
                         "Meeting you has been the nicest 
                         thing in my life," she said. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Eying the mixed grill being placed 
                         before them, she asked: "Do you 
                         call this light?" 
                     
                     
                         "Nope. Just sensible. Go to it, 
                         kid. I'm starved, myself." 
                     
                     
                         Presently, Mabrue was telling him 
                         of her life in the up-State town, of 
                         Aunt Bessie's kindness to her or- 
                         phaned niece. "She let me come to 
                         New York to look for a job," she 
                         went on, "and she's been sending me 
                         money, when she can't afford it. 
                         I'd about given up trying to find 
                         work, when Marge- she rooms next  
                     
                         "I've never been so darn keen about a girl before," he told her with 
                         earnestness in his voice and eyes. Mabrue wanted terribly to believe 
                         him, but it was all so impossible.  
                 
                 LS 7F 
             
             
                 
                 98 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         to me- told me it was my clothes. 
                         She sold me this suit yesterday, and 
                         told me to buy a hat." 
                     
                     
                         After luncheon, they bought the 
                         lining for the hat, but the trimmer 
                         wouldn't sew it in because the hat 
                         hadn't been bought there. 
                     
                     
                         "There are needle and thread at 
                         home," Norman said tentatively. 
                     
                     
                         "Then you can sew it in," Mabrue 
                         told him with an impish grin. 
                     
                     
                         "And lose my amateur standing. 
                         Let's go buy the peach do-dads." 
                     
                     
                         "I veto further splurging, dear ex- 
                         husband." 
                     
                     
                         "Whadda ya mean 'ex'? The 
                         word is 'future' husband." 
                     
                     
                         When they climbed into Norman's 
                         car, they had the peach do-dads. 
                         During the short drive, Mabrue 
                         was telling herself that, Aunt Bes- 
                         sie to the contrary, it was all right 
                         to accept these things from a young 
                         man for whom you had done an 
                         inestimable favor. It was all right 
                         to go to his apartment when he was 
                         as nice as Norman, to do him an- 
                         other favor. 
                     
                     
                         It was a walk-up brownstone, 
                         quietly elegant. The vestibule 
                         boasted brass letter boxes complete 
                         with speaking tubes and push but- 
                         tons. The floors were black-and- 
                         white marble. The stair carpet, tur- 
                         key-red. 
                     
                     
                         "I'd like to slide down the ban- 
                         isters," laughed Mabrue. 
                     
                     
                         A second later all their purchases 
                         were on the stairs, and she was fly- 
                         ing downward on the shining rail. 
                         She hit the nearest post hard. 
                     
                     
                         "Saves me spanking you," grinned 
                         Norman. 
                     
                     
                         "I do not intend to do anything 
                         to warrant a spanking, sir." 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, no?" Norman's straight 
                         black-brows shot up comically. 
                     
                     
                         The telephone was ringing as they 
                         entered the apartment. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "Look around while I answer it," 
                         Norman suggested. 
                     
                     
                         Mabrue wandered from the spa- 
                         cious drawing-room with its massive 
                         furniture, rich silk hangings, and 
                         deep-piled carpet, into a small room. 
                         She caught her breath at the sheer 
                         beauty that met her eyes. Cabi- 
                         nets filled with exquisite Chinese 
                         porcelains lined three of the walls. 
                     
                     
                         When Norman joined her, she 
                         said: "I didn't know there was any- 
                         thing so exquisitely beautiful in all 
                         the world." 
                     
                     
                          "Exquisitely beautiful, yes, but 
                         dashed valuable and by way of being 
                         a nuisance. The apartment is never 
                         left alone nights because of this stuff. 
                         Aunt Ellen gathered it when she 
                         lived in the Orient. That was the 
                         old girl on the wire. I've got to stay 
                         in Deal for the funeral. Norah, our 
                         cook, is ill at her daughter's. Belle 
                         the day cleaner, won't stay here 
                         nights alone. I'll have to phone 
                         some of my friends and see if I can 
                         get any of them to stay." 
                     
                     
                         "I'll sew the lining in while you 
                         do it," offered Mabrue. "You know, 
                         I could look at that lovely china 
                         forever." 
                     
                     
                         "That's all it's good for- to be 
                         gazed at. Too easily broken to be 
                         used or even touched. Like friend- 
                         ship when you ask a favor." 
                     
                     
                         "Or hearts." 
                     
                     
                         "Hearts don't break. I ought to 
                         know," he said savagely, but did 
                         not explain. He led her into a bed- 
                         sitting room, with ivory-colored 
                         walls and furniture, gay chintzes 
                         and rugs. Through the sunny win- 
                         dow, Mabrue saw with surprise a 
                         small, square lawn, hedged in, and 
                         a little maple tree. 
                     
                     
                         "The only young room we boast," 
                         Norman commented. "Aunt Ellen 
                         fixed it up for her grandniece, Faith, 
                         but the poor kid was so scared of 
                         /  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Violet Eyes 99 
                 
                     
                     
                         the old tartar, she scrammed. 
                         Here's the sewing box." 
                     
                     
                         When he returned, the hat looked 
                         almost new and quite perky. Ma- 
                         brue pulled it over her ears and 
                         made a face. "Why the gloom?" 
                         she asked. 
                     
                     
                         Norman laughed. "I thought all 
                         the ad putter-inners must be blind; 
                         but, if you wore that lid, no won- 
                         der you didn't get a job." 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, I had this tissue paper in- 
                         side to pad it." 
                     
                     
                         "Good. It's sure to fit over 
                         auntie's wig. The gloom is because 
                         I can't get any one to stay here for 
                         several days and nights. Just what 
                         I expected. As I said, friendships 
                         are easily broken when you ask a 
                         favor. I don't know what to do- 
                         Say, Mabrue, could you stay?" 
                     
                     
                         "I could, but- well, how do you 
                         know I'm to be trusted?" 
                     
                     
                         "I've proved that you are, Miss 
                         Hoss Trader. Look, there's a ra- 
                         dio, scads of books, magazines, and 
                         even a new toothbrush. He pulled 
                         out a dresser drawer. Nighties and 
                         everything for auntie's guests, or 
                         you. You can phone the stores for 
                         food and charge it. How about it, 
                         Vi Eye?" 
                     
                     
                         "How long do you want me to 
                         stay?" 
                     
                     
                         "Until Monday- no, forever!" He 
                         caught her hands in his and drew 
                         her to him. "Mabrue, you lovely 
                         witch, what have you done to me? 
                         I do want you here forever, close to 
                         my heart." 
                     
                     
                         She felt his lips on her shining 
                         hair, his breath warm on her fore- 
                         head. Straining back, she searched 
                         his eyes. What she saw there sent 
                         quivers of ecstasy from her heart 
                         to her smiling lips. 
                     
                     
                         "Are we dreaming this, Norman?" 
                         she asked. 
                     
                     
                         It was his kiss on her lips that 
                         told her she was not dreaming. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         That kiss, fiercely tender, passion- 
                         ately demanding, awakened her to 
                         the full meaning of life. 
                     
                     
                         "I love you, love you," he was 
                         saying as he rained kisses on her 
                         face and soft white throat. He lifted 
                         her in his arms and carried her to 
                         the armchair near the window. "I 
                         hate to leave you, sweetest," he la- 
                         mented. "I shall think of you sleep- 
                         ing in that little bed and dreaming 
                         of me. Each day, look out this win- 
                         dow and watch the tiny leaves of the 
                         maple opening under the warm kiss 
                         of the sun, just as your dear heart 
                         opened when I kissed your sweet 
                         lips." 
                     
                     
                         Presently, there was a good-by 
                         kiss- a whole series of good-by 
                         kisses- then Mabrue was alone with 
                         her rapture and her bewilderment. 
                         Things just did not happen like this 
                         in real life. She would wake up and 
                         find herself in that ugly room up- 
                         town. 
                     
                     
                         She spent the greater part of her 
                         time admiring the exquisite loveli- 
                         ness of the china, behind glass where 
                         no rude hand could break it. Be- 
                         cause of that rare collection she was 
                         here. 
                     
                     
                         She recalled Norman's savagely 
                         bitter denial that hearts break. 
                         Why had he said that he ought to 
                         know?- she wondered. 
                     
                     
                         Saturday afternoon she found out 
                         the answer. 
                     
                     
                         Belle had cleaned the already im- 
                         maculate place, and had left with a 
                         friendly smile to this new grand- 
                         niece of Miss Ellen's, when the bell 
                         rang. Thinking it was the superin- 
                         tendent, whom Norman had in- 
                         structed to call several times a day, 
                         to see if all were well, Mabrue 
                         opened the door. 
                     
                     
                         Past her, through the foyer and 
                         into the drawing-room, swept a tall, 
                         beautiful young woman in smart, ex- 
                         pensive clothes.  
                 
             
             
                 
                 100 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         "The taxi driver is bringing up 
                         my baggage," she called out. 
                     
                     
                         "But who are you?" Mabrue de- 
                         manded, rushing after her. 
                     
                     
                         The intruder turned and stared 
                         haughtily. "I am Mrs. Norman 
                         Norris. To think of Aunt Ellen 
                         actually getting a new maid! Did 
                         Norah die, or-- Say, you're not a 
                         maid. Another grandniece or one 
                         of Norman's friends?" 
                         Mabrue, fighting off recurring 
                         faintness, was unable to answer. She 
                         sank into a chair, feeling as if the 
                         whole world was rocking on its foun- 
                         dations. 
                     
                     
                         "So my last guess was right!" 
                         flared the other girl, her face a mask 
                         of fury. "The old dragon must be 
                         away, or he wouldn't dare. High 
                         time I came back from Florida! You 
                         little pirate, I've a mind to tear your 
                         eyes out and" - She checked her- 
                         self as the taxi man appeared with 
                         her baggage. "This way, please. 
                         She led him to Norman's room." 
                     
                     
                         Mabrue bolted for the kitchen. 
                         She held the ammonia bottle under 
                         her nose, gulped down cold water. 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, it can't be true," she wailed 
                         aloud burying her face in a dish 
                         towel. 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, it can't, eh?" The girl who 
                         claimed to be Norman's wife burst 
                         into the room. "If you don't be- 
                         lieve me, call the superintendent. 
                         Norman always was unfaithful to 
                         me, but this is the most audacious 
                         thing he ever did. Wait until I tell 
                         Aunt Ellen-" 
                     
                     
                         "You'll have to prove to me that 
                         you are Mrs. Norris," Mabrue cut 
                         in, white as death, but suddenly mis- 
                         tress of herself. 
                     
                     
                         "Look inside this ring then!" said 
                         the other coldly. 
                         Mibrue took the wedding ring 
                         she pulled off. Engraved inside it 
                         was:  
                     
                         From N. N. to D. S. 6-6-30 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Mabrue laid the ring back on the 
                         table. 
                     
                     
                         "If that isn't enough, look at 
                         this," the girl said, taking up the 
                         ring and throwing down a small 
                         snapshot taken from her bag. 
                     
                     
                         Mabrue bent to look at the pic- 
                         ture. There was no mistaking that 
                         it was of Norman and this girl. Fur- 
                         thermore, there was the signature 
                         she had often seen on the "Let's Be 
                         Gay!" cartoons:  
                     
                         Nor-man ris  
                     
                         and underneath it:  
                     
                         and my-wife, Diane, 6-10-30. 
                     
                     
                         It was Sunday evening. For 
                         twenty-four hours, Mabrue had lain 
                         on her bed in the ugly room she had 
                         thought never to use again. There 
                         had been a few blessed hours when 
                         she had slept. Awake, she had been 
                         on the rack of torturing thoughts. 
                     
                     
                         Things had blurred since she had 
                         looked at the smiling pictured faces 
                         that had proved that Norman had 
                         lied to her and deceived her. The 
                         stab that had killed her faith in him 
                         had done something terrible to her. 
                         She had heard Diane Norris say: "If 
                         you weren't such a sweet, innocent- 
                         looking little thing, I'd have had the 
                         police here instead of bothering with 
                         proofs. Clear out, before I change 
                         my mind." 
                     
                     
                         The only thing Mabrue took out 
                         of all Norman had bought was a 
                         pair of stockings. She had put her 
                         darned ones on the dumb-waiter 
                         with the rubbish. She had hesitated 
                         about the hat, but had left it, and 
                         departed bare-headed. 
                     
                     
                         Thinking of the hat which had 
                         started it all, she wept anew. 
                     
                     
                         "Awake, Mabrue?" asked a girl's 
                         anxious voice from the doorway. 
                     
                     
                         "Please leave me alone, Marge," 
                         Mabrue sobbed.  
                     
                         Marge came in and shut the door. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 Violet Eyes 101 
                 
                     Mrs. Norris stared at Mabrue haughtily. "So my guess was right! 
                     You're one of Norman's friends. You little pirate, I ve a mind to tear 
                     your eyes out." 
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "I risked her smelling the toast," she 
                         said cheerfully, "so you'll have to 
                         eat it and drink the tea."  
                     
                         She came over to the bed and 
                         switched on the light. 
                     
                     
                         Mabrue sat up and blinked. 
                         "You're sweet, Marge," she said.  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         She drank the hot tea thirstily, and 
                         nibbled at the toast. 
                     
                     
                         "Won't you tell me all about it, 
                         honey?" coaxed the visitor. Then, 
                         harshly: "There are laws in this 
                         land, you know. If some guy-" 
                     
                     
                         "Marge, I've told you all there  
                 
             
             
                 
                  102 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         is to tell. It's not what you think." 
                         She gave back the plate and cup. 
                     
                     
                         "May I have your newspaper to 
                         look for a job, please?" 
                     
                     
                         "I'll get it; but, honestly, honey, 
                         you've got me scared." 
                     
                     
                         While Mabrue looked through the 
                         want ads, Marge read. 
                     
                     
                         Suddenly, Marge giggled. "Well, 
                         if this dame isn't wearing the twin 
                         to your hand-me-down lid, I'll eat 
                         the paper!" she cried out. 
                     
                     
                         It was the name that Mabrue saw 
                         first- Norman Norris! Then his 
                         picture. He was with a handsome 
                         elderly woman who was wearing the 
                         old hat she had given him. Mabrue, 
                         with a little cry, seized the news 
                         sheet. 
                     
                     
                         Her heart pounding madly, she 
                         read the account of the funeral of 
                         a wealthy Jerseyite, which Norman 
                         Norris, famous cartoonist, and Miss 
                         Ellen Bradburst Norris, daughter of- 
                         the late Senator Wade Norris, had 
                         attended. 
                     
                     
                         Monday evening found Mabrue 
                         and Marge in the latter's room. 
                         They had just eaten a sketchy meal 
                         cooked over the forbidden electric 
                         grill. 
                     
                     
                         "Monday in the housewares is no 
                         picnic," yawned Marge, "but I bet 
                         you feel worse than I after tramp- 
                         ing all day and not finding a job. 
                         You should have bought a smart 
                         hat as I told you," she chided, never 
                         guessing how she was hurting Ma- 
                         brue. "My béret looks cute on you, 
                         but it's not the right lid to go job 
                         hunting in. That reminds me. The 
                         dame with the twin of your hand- 
                         me-down is hogging the headlines. 
                         In again to-night." 
                     
                     
                         Mabrue turned cold with terror. 
                         "He-she isn't- hurt or anything?" 
                     
                     
                         "Robbed. Take the paper along 
                         with you. I'm going to lie down." 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Mabrue hurried to her own room 
                         with the newspaper. 
                     
                     
                         Under the picture which had 
                         appeared the day before was the 
                         headline:  
                     
                         NEW RACKET PRICELESS CHINA 
                         STOLEN; RANSOM DEMANDED.  
                     
                         When Miss Norris and her nephew, Nor- 
                         man Norris, creator of the popular syndi- 
                         cated cartoon "Let's Be Gay!", returned 
                         to their Murray Hill apartment this morn- 
                         ing, they discovered that the choicest pieces 
                         of Miss Norris's famous collection of Ori- 
                         ental china had been stolen. 
                     
                     
                         The thief had left a note which read: 
                         "You can have your stuff back for five 
                         thousand dollars. I shall phone instruc- 
                         tions Monday." 
                     
                     
                         A girl named Mary Brown, hired by 
                         Mr. Norris to guard the china, is being 
                         sought in-- 
                     
                     
                         Mabrue read no more. 
                     
                     
                         Her mind in chaos, she slipped 
                         downstairs to the telephone in the 
                         hallway." She found Norman's num- 
                         ber, in the directory and dialed it. 
                         Her heart was thumping so it shook 
                         her body. He had said "Hello" 
                         three times before she could answer. 
                         She said: 
                     
                     
                         "Norman? This is Mabrue. I 
                         didn't take the china, nor-" 
                     
                     
                         "Mabrue!" his voice shouted. "I 
                         know you didn't. Say, they didn't 
                         kidnap you, too, did they?" he cried 
                         in alarm. 
                     
                     
                         "No. They may have kidnaped 
                         -your wife." 
                     
                     
                         "Diane! How did you know 
                         about, her?" he asked harshly. 
                     
                     
                         Mabrue replaced the receiver and 
                         stumbled blindly upstairs. 
                     
                     
                         In her room, she collapsed on the 
                         bed.  
                     
                         Norman had lied to her, deceived 
                         her! His own words had confirmed 
                         that. Sobs shook her, great, tear- 
                         ing sobs, but her eyes were dry. 
                     
                     
                         She became aware of loud voices, 
                         heavy footsteps, then a pounding on 
                         her door, and a demand that she  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Violet Eyes 103 
                 
                     
                     
                         open in the name of the law. The 
                         door swung open, and two police- 
                         men came into the room. 
                     
                     
                         "Your landlady says you just, 
                         used the phone," said one. "What 
                         number did you call, miss?" 
                     
                     
                         Mabrue simply stood and stared. 
                     
                     
                         "You called Mr. Norris and you, 
                         didn't know all calls to him were 
                         being traced, did you? Better come 
                         clean." 
                     
                     
                         Mabrue was fighting off faintness 
                         when Marge pushed aside the two 
                         men and rushed to her. Mabrue 
                         stopped fighting. 
                     
                     
                         Marge was giving her water when 
                         she struggled back to consciousness. 
                     
                     
                         "You two, scaring the poor kid," 
                         raged Marge. "What's-" 
                     
                     
                         "Sorry, but she's gotta come along 
                         with us." 
                     
                     
                         Mabrue went. So did Marge. In 
                         the station house Mabrue clung to 
                         Marge, shaken with terror, as she 
                         faced the officer in charge. 
                     
                     
                         Suddenly, terror left her. She 
                         drew herself up and looked at the 
                         man behind the desk. In a low, 
                         steady voice she said: "I have done 
                         nothing wrong. Why should I be 
                         afraid? What do you want with 
                         me?" 
                     
                     
                         "You'll know all about that when 
                         Mr. Norris gets here," she was told. 
                     
                     
                         "He is coming here? Oh, I can't 
                         stay! Let me go!" 
                     
                     
                         "Afraid you'll have to stay, miss," 
                         said the sergeant kindly. 
                     
                     
                         "I- oh, here he comes." She 
                         clung to Marge, quivering and 
                         shaken. 
                     
                     
                         "The young woman who phoned 
                         you is here, Mr. Norris," some one 
                         said. 
                     
                     
                         Then he was standing before her, 
                         his face white and haggard, his 
                         hands reaching out, taking hers. 
                     
                     
                         "Why, Mabrue," he said, with a 
                         laugh obviously forced. "I am sorry 
                         this happened." He turned from her  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         bewilderment to the sergeant and 
                         said: "This young lady is my 
                         fiancée, officer. I-er-well, I 
                         tought she was out of town and 
                         did not expect her to phone. Of 
                         course, you didn't know this, and, 
                         with your orders to trace every call, 
                         you did only your duty. May I 
                         take her away now, sir?"  
                     
                         "Why, of course, Mr. Norris," the 
                         sergeant said readily. 
                     
                     
                         Norman thanked him. He said 
                         softly to Mabrue: "I'll explain 
                         outside." 
                     
                     
                         "I', Marge, her best friend," put 
                         in a voice. "I'm tagging along to 
                         see that she gets a square deal. 
                         She's been crying her eyes out since 
                         Saturday, and I'm after the guilty 
                         one." 
                     
                     
                         "I'm the guilty one, Marge," Nor- 
                         man confessed gravely. "But-"  
                     
                         "They've got a young woman at 
                         the Thirtieth Street station house, 
                         Mr. Norris," interrupted the ser- 
                         geant. "This is the right one. She 
                         talked ransom to Miss Norris, all 
                         right. I'll give you escort down 
                         there." 
                     
                     
                         Outside, Mabrue drew away from 
                         Norman, but he held her and said: 
                         "Diane didn't tell you that I was 
                         able to have our marriage anulled 
                         a month after it took place, did she? 
                         Well, I did. Mabrue, how could 
                         you doubt me? Darling, I love you. 
                         Will you marry me?"  
                     
                         "Norman!" She raised a radiant 
                         face for his kiss. 
                     
                     
                         Norman's care followed the squad 
                         car as it raced downtown.  
                     
                         "Don't mind me," said Marge 
                         "I'm the perfect chaperon-blind, 
                         deaf, and dumb."  
                     
                         "also the perfect friend," added 
                         Norman. "I'll never forget that." 
                     
                     
                         "O.K.," said Marge, "but I'll call 
                         it square if you find out whether 
                         that red-headed cop who's leading 
                         us is married or not, and if not, fix  
                 
             
             
                 
                 104 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 

                 
                     "Why, Mabrue!" Norman said when he arrived at the station house. 
                     He turned to the sergeant: "This young lady is my fiancee, officer. Of 
                     course, you did only your duty, but you've made a mistake." 
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         it so's he drives me home alone." 
                     
                     
                         "Agreed!" laughed Norman. He 
                         tucked Mabrue's hand under his 
                         elbow. "Even that helps," he said 
                         softly. "Gosh, Vi Eye, when I got 
                         home and you weren't there, I 
                         nearly went crazy. I'd told Aunt 
                         Ellen everything, and had sold her  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         on the idea of a new niece, chiefly 
                         because of the hat and-"  
                     
                         "Then it was Mabrue's hat!" put 
                         in Marge, chortling.  
                     
                         "Some day, we'll tell you the 
                         whole story," offered Mabrue.  
                     
                         "And you left everything, even 
                         the new hat," chided Norman. "I  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Violet Eyes 105 
                 
                     
                     
                         knew you hadn't stolen the stuff, 
                         and I was afraid to let myself think 
                         you'd been kidnaped." His arm 
                         crushed her hand. "The thought of 
                         any one hurting you-" 
                     
                     
                         "Some one did," Mabrue inter- 
                         posed. "That girl Diane. She had 
                         your ring and a picture of you both 
                         with your signature on it." 
                     
                     
                         "Egad, why did she show up after 
                         all these years? How did she know 
                         we were away? Do you suppose it 
                         was she who took the stuff?" 
                     
                     
                         It was Diane they had at the 
                         Thirtieth Street station. Once more 
                         Mabrue faced her, but this time 
                         Norman was at her side. Even so, 
                         Mabrue turned away from the un-  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         masked hatred in the other 
                         girl's eyes. 
                     
                     
                         "You stole the stuff?" Nor- 
                         man asked incredulously. 
                     
                     
                         It was the desk sergeant 
                         who answered: "She did, Mr. 
                         Norris. We found it all at 
                         her apartment, after she had 
                         spoken to your aunt. She 
                         had implicated the superin- 
                         tendent of your apartment 
                         house. They seem to be 
                         friends, and he tipped her off 
                         that, there was only a young 
                         lady in your apartment and 
                         she must be very important 
                         to you, seeing the way he was 
                         ordered to look out for her." 
                     
                     
                         "This is the young lady, 
                         sergeant. Miss Milburn and 
                         I are engaged." 
                     
                     
                         Diane spoke for the first 
                         time. In a voice that dripped 
                         venom, she said: "I pity you, 
                         youngster, and I hope he gives 
                         you a better deal than he gave 
                         me, the snob." 
                     
                     
                         "I had no intention of 
                         broadcasting the facts of our 
                         unhappy union," Norman said 
                         sharply, "but you've asked for 
                         it by that remark. I was able 
                         to have our marriage annulled be- 
                         cause it was proved that you had 
                         gone through the wedding ceremony 
                         several times before you met me, 
                         without bothering about divorces. 
                         Also, you had served time for black- 
                         mail." 
                     
                     
                         Mabrue didn't look at the other 
                         girl as the officer silenced the angry 
                         tirade that followed Norman's de- 
                         nunciation of her. 
                     
                     
                         Norman asked: "May Miss Mil- 
                         burn and I go, sergeant?" 
                     
                     
                         "Miss Milburn may. You've got 
                         to stay and make the charge."  
                     
                         Mabrue joined Marge, waiting in 
                         another room. Marge had evidently 
                         not waited for Norman to find out  
                 
             
             
                 
                 106 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         about the marital status of the red- 
                         headed cop, for they were laughing 
                         together like old friends. 
                     
                     
                         "Mr. Casey is seeing me home, 
                         Mabrue," she said. "Shall I wait 
                         until Mr. Norris is finished?" 
                     
                     
                         "No; run along. Telephone me at 
                         his apartment." She grew rosy. "I'll 
                         need a bridesmaid very soon, 
                         Marge." 
                     
                     
                         Presently Mabrue and Norman 
                         were driving through the busy 
                         streets to the quieter Murray Hill 
                         section. Outside the door, he took 
                         her in his arms. "You do love me?" 
                         he asked tenderly. 
                     
                     
                         "Yes, but I can't seem to think 
                         that-" 
                     
                     
                         "When one is in love one doesn't 
                         think, sweetest. One only feels. 
                         Tell me what you feel, darling one."   
                     
                         She whispered tenderly: 
                     
                     
                         "I feel that all the love I am capa- 
                         ble of is going out to you." 
                     
                     
                         "My own sweetheart," he mur- 
                         mured. He laid his lips on hers in 
                         a kiss that sent the blood racing 
                         hotly through her. She clung to 
                         him in the dimness, every fiber of 
                         her being vibrant, throbbing, as she 
                         gave him back kiss for kiss. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "To-morrow," he said huskily, 
                     
                     
                         "will be our wedding day. Let's go 
                         tell Aunt Ellen that all's well. You 
                         must not be afraid of her, sweet- 
                         heart. She's really a kindly soul." 
                     
                     
                         "I fear nothing when you are with 
                         me, to-morrow's husband," she mur- 
                         mured. 
                     
                     
                         As he carried her upstairs, he 
                         asked: "Want to slide down again? 
                         Or shall I spank you?"  
                     
                         She laughed and nestled closer in 
                         his embrace. 
                     
                     
                         After Norman had told Aunt 
                         Ellen that it was Diane who had 
                         stolen the china, which, he assured 
                         her, was quite safe and would be 
                         returned, he brought Mabrue to her. 
                         It took the elderly lady a full three 
                         minutes to inspect the younger one. 
                     
                     
                         Then she exclaimed, "You'll do, 
                         child!" and kissed Mabrue heartily. 
                     
                     
                         Presently, she resumed her doze, 
                         only to start awake and glance at 
                         the lovers on the divan, talking ear- 
                         nestly. "Where does your aunt buy 
                         her hats, Mabrue?" she demanded. 
                         But Mabrue and Norman were lost 
                         to everything save their own happy 
                         plans, so, with a resigned shrug, 
                         Aunt Ellen turned away. 
                     
                 
                 
                     "Anything might happen to the maid of honor!" said Avis Kent to herself as she sped along the deserted moun- tain road where
                        danger seemed to lurk at every turn. She was on her way to be the only attendant at her best friend's wedding, and she said
                        the words blithely, carelessly, lit- tie knowing what adventure lay in store for her. 
                     Follow her gripping ex- periences to a dramatic climax in 
                     "Captive Wife" 
                     a new story 
                     By PEGGY RUTHERFORD 
                     appearing in next week's issue of this magazine.  
                 
             
             
                 
                 
                 
                     Primitive Love 
                 
                  By  Cordelia Snow   
                 
                     A SERIAL - Part III .  
                 
                     
                     
                         CHAPTER VIII.  
                     
                         A SICKENING sensation swept 
                         Bobbie, Hulda and Red, arm 
                         in arm, were entering the 
                         store, hesitating a minute at the 
                         door, with the rays of the setting 
                         sun a shaft of gold before them. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Hulda's braids caught its gleam 
                         and shone, yellow as wheat at har- 
                         vest time, against Red's towering 
                         shoulder; he was saying something 
                         to her, smiling, down at her, his 
                         white teeth shining.  
                     
                         They took a table not three feet 
                         from Bobbie. Her back was toward 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 108 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         them, but she watched in a little 
                         mirror that faced her on the wall, 
                         as they settled themselves and as 
                         Red gave their order. By reaching 
                         over her shoulder and back a little, 
                         she could have touched Red's arm, 
                         but Hulda was hidden behind his 
                         broad-shouldered form. It was 
                         Hulda's low, sweetly heavy voice, 
                         however, that held Bobbie frozen. 
                     
                     
                         "I won't be able to see you 
                         again," she was saying. "I don't 
                         dare, Red. Coming in here like this 
                         is crazy. Bill is terribly jealous. 
                         He's blaming me for everything. 
                         He swears I'm double-crossing him, 
                         and if he ever finds out that I'm 
                         meeting you like this, he'll do some- 
                         thing dreadful to both of us!" 
                     
                     
                         Bobbie gasped. 
                     
                     
                         Then Red's low rumble sounded, 
                         comforting, cautioning, soothing, 
                         and his brown hand covered the 
                         girl's strong white one. Her eyes 
                         glued on the mirror before her, Bob- 
                         bie watched his bent head. In a 
                         turmoil of bitter rebellion, she 
                         thought: 
                     
                     
                         "What has she to give Red that I 
                         couldn't? Why must he go to a girl 
                         like that for love?" 
                     
                     
                         It seemed an eternity to Bobbie, 
                         waiting there in the soft dusk, be- 
                         fore they moved. But when they 
                         had gone out to the street at last, 
                         and following, she had stood for an 
                         instant in the shadow of the awning, 
                         watching them go their different 
                         ways, she had seen what they 
                         hadn't: Some one else watching, 
                         too- Bill Nolan. She knew by the 
                         great blacky anger of his lowering 
                         face, that he had seen what she had, 
                         arid her heart was a twist of fear, 
                         and shame- fear for Red's safety, 
                         and shame that she could fear. 
                     
                     
                         It was long after sundown when 
                         she reached home. The cottage was 
                         unlit, deserted. Even her father  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         was gone from his chair on the 
                         porch. 
                     
                     
                         Leaning against the rail, she 
                         stared down into the valley below. 
                     
                     
                         With a strange, tired listlessness, 
                         she thought: "I suppose I ought to 
                         warn Red about Nolan, but I can't. 
                         And anyway, he couldn't do any- 
                         thing to-night. He's probably down 
                         on the bridge now, and he'll be there 
                         till he goes off duty to-morrow 
                         morning. I could go down and tell 
                         him, but I'd probably run into Pitt 
                         and Honey making love to each 
                         other, somewhere, in the moon- 
                         light." 
                     
                     
                         Her lip curled. Love! What was 
                         it anyway- this thing they called 
                         love- this thing that could tear 
                         one's heart into little pieces? 
                     
                     
                         When she could stand the loneli- 
                         ness and silence no longer, she went 
                         down to the office. "Where's every- 
                         body?" she asked, and a draftsman, 
                         bending over a blue print, looked up 
                         at her from visor-shaded eyes. 
                     
                     
                         "Chief's gone to the city," he told 
                         her. "A wire came late this after- 
                         noon. Carson drove him to the train. 
                         Said to tell you he'd be back day 
                         after to-morrow, sure. Miss Ash- 
                         ton was round here a little while 
                         ago, but she's disappeared. Isn't 
                         she up at the cottage?" 
                     
                     
                         "Honey?" There was a startled 
                         catch in Bobbie's throat. "Didn't 
                         she drive in with them?" Then, 
                         prompted by a fear she wouldn't 
                         acknowledge even to herself, she 
                         added: 
                     
                     
                         "Where's Tim? Do you know 
                         where I can find him?" 
                     
                     
                         The man laughed. "Say! You'd 
                         better stay away from that old boy! 
                         He's on a rampage. There's dyna- 
                         mite missing from the storehouse, 
                         and he's got blood in his eye!" 
                     
                     
                         But his last words were lost on 
                         an empty doorway, on the swish of  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Primitive Love 109 
                 
                     
                     
                         a swiftly vanishing figure, and the 
                         cry of a hoot owl, from a withered 
                         stump that once had been a tree. 
                     
                     
                         Bobbie found Tim down where 
                         the forms for the last almost-com- 
                         pleted arch rose, ghostly against a 
                         star-dotted sky. 
                     
                     
                         "Tim!" she gasped. "Is it true? 
                         Is there dynamite missing from the 
                         storehouse? They told me at the 
                         office. Is it true?" 
                     
                     
                         "True?" A firefly split the dusk. 
                         : Tim slapped at it angrily. "Ain't 
                         you been raised round camps like 
                         this, gal? Don't you know we 
                         check every stick of dynamite that's 
                         used- every cap and inch of fuse? 
                         Sure it's missing! And believe me, 
                         I've got ten men pacing this bridge 
                         to-night. I'm going to keep them 
                         pacing it every night from now on, 
                         until we're through. One try at 
                         blowing us up is enough. There 
                         ain't going to be another- not while 
                         your dad's gone, anyway." 
                     
                     
                         Bobbie grabbed his arm and 
                         shook it. Her voice was shrill with 
                         terror. 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, Tim, you fool!" she cried. 
                         "It's not your bridge that's going to 
                         be blown up to-night! Don't you 
                         see? It's Honey! She's stolen your 
                         dynamite. She's going to do that 
                         fool thing you told her to do, the 
                         other night up at the cottage. She's 
                         going to blow a hole in Bear Creek 
                         and flood Red out! Where is she? 
                         Have, you seen her anywhere? 
                         Think, Tim! Think!" 
                     
                     
                         "No, I ain't seen her. What's the 
                         matter? Heat got you?" Tim was 
                         irritated. "Why, that kid couldn't 
                         blow a hole in a tin can! She's 
                         scared to touch the stuff. Squealed 
                         like a mouse if I poked it at her. 
                         Get out now and leave me alone. 
                         Swear if I blame Red for spanking 
                         you. I'd do it myself, goldarn it, 
                         if you was a year or so younger". 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         He yanked his arm loose and 
                         made his way into the maze of giant 
                         footings. His lantern, swinging 
                         carefully ahead of him, sent tiny 
                         light beams among the towering 
                         timbers- beams that grew fainter 
                         and fainter, to lose themselves at 
                         last in the shadowy gloom. 
                     
                     
                         As Bobbie watched him disap- 
                         pear, utter despair swept her. No 
                         one would believe her- Tim, her 
                         father, laughing, thinking her crazy! 
                         But she knew. She knew what love 
                         could do to a girl, to what heights 
                         or what depths it could drag her. 
                     
                     
                         Honey had stolen that dynamite! 
                         Bobbie was as certain of it as 
                         though her own eyes had witnessed 
                         the theft. For days Honey had 
                         been brooding over what Tim, in his 
                         blind fooling, had suggested- been 
                         planning for it. And she had taken 
                         this opportunity when she was left 
                         alone, to go over to Red's camp and 
                         blow that hole in the bank of Bear 
                         Creek. 
                     
                     
                         What motive but that could have 
                         kept Honey hanging around Tim's 
                         heels that hot morning, learning 
                         how to set a blast, watching how 
                         dynamite was laid? 
                     
                     
                         Oh, what an idiot she had been! 
                         What a blind, self-centered idiot 
                         so wrapped up in her own troubles, 
                         she couldn't see what lay right be- 
                         fore her eyes! 
                     
                     
                         That white-iron look in Honey's 
                         face should have told her, if nothing 
                         else had. She remembered those 
                         eager questions Honey had thrown 
                         at her father and Tim: "If- if 
                         some one let the water down on 
                         Red's camp, would that mean you'd 
                         win the bonus? Would that mean 
                         you'd win the hundred thousand 
                         dollars?" 
                     
                     
                         . And above all else, the love in her 
                         eyes when they had rested on Pitt! 
                         That awful, avid hunger of love! 
                     
                     
                         And before Bobbie knew what she  
                 
             
             
                 
                 110 Street &amp; Smiths Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         was going to do, before she could 
                         reason or plan, her feet were carry- 
                         ing her up the river path which led 
                         to Red's camp. She was running as 
                         she never before had run in all her 
                         motherless, tomboy life- like a wild 
                         thing, through the weedy, knee-high 
                         grass. 
                     
                     
                         Honey knew that path. Red had 
                         taken them all over it to show them 
                         the dam. They had stopped at the 
                         bank of the diverted river overlook- 
                         ing the camp, while Red explained 
                         how, once the dam was finished, it 
                         was to be swung back into its old 
                         channel once more. 
                     
                     
                         That's where Honey would head 
                         for- that place above the camp. 
                         Something inside Bobbie told her 
                         so. It seemed to Bobbie that she 
                         could see Honey running too, terror- 
                         stricken, lugging her awful burden. 
                         Poor, foolish, love-crazed Honey! 
                     
                     
                         There were clouds in the sky- 
                         smoke clouds from those far-away 
                         fires- that covered the moon. 
                         Through them the stars peeped fit- 
                         fully, as though they, too, were 
                         afraid, and the night breathed itself 
                         into the croak of the frogs and the 
                         cricket's never-ending chirp. 
                     
                     
                         Stumbling over briers, stones and 
                         weeds, Bobbie had reached the rise 
                         of ground that led up to the newly 
                         made river bank, when she came on 
                         Honey, at last. 
                     
                     
                         She was lying face down in the 
                         dirt. The twist of dynamite sticks 
                         was beside her. A tangled line of 
                         fuse, soaked with dew, trailed like a 
                         white worm in the weeds. Her 
                         pretty white dress was a torn rag 
                         about her. She was crying, her 
                         shoulders shaking with the sobs that 
                         became words, to lose themselves 
                         with the medley of night sounds 
                         that filled the air. 
                     
                     
                         She heard Bobbie, and sitting up, 
                         turned to her a swollen face, that 
                         was beyond fear: 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "I can't do it! I can't! I thought 
                         I could blow up the old creek, and 
                         -and I can't! I don't know how to 
                         set it off! And I'm so scared!" 
                     
                     
                         She struck a match, and in its 
                         light, Bobbie saw that the ground 
                         was a litter of matches all about 
                         her. She made an effort to set the 
                         fuse to burning. It sizzled, splut- 
                         tered, and Bobbie ground it out be- 
                         neath, her boot. Snatching at 
                         Honey's shoulders, she yanked her 
                         upright, and shook her until reason 
                         came back into her blankly staring 
                         eyes. 
                     
                     
                         But with reason, there came to 
                         Honey something else- terror. It 
                         was a terror that swept her as the 
                         flood she had been trying so vainly 
                         to release, would have swept Red 
                         and his sleeping camp below. 
                     
                     
                         Watching her, Bobbie saw her try 
                         to scream. There was something un- 
                         speakably dreadful about the 
                         scream that died against dry, 
                         parched lips- something horrible, 
                         about the white-rimmed; wide- 
                         opened eyes, and the white, outflung 
                         hands that shielded her as she 
                         backed away down the path into 
                         the meadow below. 
                     
                     
                         Bobbie watched, her as she ran, 
                         her white dress billowing about her, 
                         like a straying moonbeam lost in the 
                         smother of the night. 
                     
                     
                         Standing where Honey had left 
                         her, Bobbie poked gingerly at the 
                         smudging fuse, touched with the 
                         tips of her boots the dynamite 
                         sticks in their- yellow wrappings. 
                         Dull anger gripped her. 
                     
                     
                         I'll have to gather this stuff all 
                         up and sneak it back into Tim's 
                         storehouse, she told herself. I'll 
                         have to shield Honey as I've 
                         shielded Red; I'll have to go on 
                         lying, pretending- Oh, I'm sick 
                         of it. I'm sick of everything!" 
                     
                     
                         She was still standing there, the 
                         dynamite sticks under one arm, a  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Primitive Love 111 
                 
                     
                     
                         length of white fuse trailing for- 
                         lornly from a listless hand, when 
                         Red found her. 
                         Coming up from the 
                         camp below, his foot- 
                         steps softened by the 
                         matted grass, he was 
                         standing almost beside 
                         her before she heard 
                         him. It was that 
                         strange, sweet haunting 
                         of his nearness, that 
                         brought her swinging 
                         breathlessly toward 
                         him. For he said noth- 
                         ing at all.  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         He simply stared down at her 
                         with eyes too sad for anger.  
                     
                         Suddenly Bobbie came upon Honey. She was lying face down in the 
                         dirt and crying, her shoulders shaking with sobs. "I can't do it! I thought 
                         I could blow up the old creek, but I don't know how to set it off!"  
                 
             
             
                 
                 112 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         A seed pod from a locust tree 
                         dropped with a dry rattle to the 
                         ground at Bobbie's feet. The lights 
                         from the sprawling camp below 
                         made a crazy-quilt pattern against 
                         the night. Her heart, pounding high 
                         in her throat, choked her. 
                     
                     
                         Wearily, Red leaned over, his tall 
                         body bending awkwardly from the 
                         hips. Wearily, he gathered up the 
                         length of trailing fuse and tore it 
                         loose from its cap. 
                     
                     
                         "For a girl who's been raised in a 
                         construction camp," he said, "that's 
                         a pretty bum job, Bobbie. Thought 
                         I'd taught you how to handle pow- 
                         der better than that. And besides" 
                         -his eyes swept the bank, and 
                         turned with careful judging to the 
                         black-shadowed valley with its 
                         glimmering lights- "you're not far 
                         enough up the slope to do much 
                         good. It's a shame, but I guess 
                         there isn't anything for you to do 
                         but to take your stuff; and trot back 
                         home." 
                     
                     
                         And Bobbie answered him, too 
                         tired to fight,too hopeless to try an 
                         explanation: "Yes, I guess there 
                         isn't, Red," and stumbling a little, 
                         her feet found the river path. 
                     
                     
                         She slept that night, in her 
                         father's room. Through the crude 
                         partition, she could hear Honey's 
                         sobs. 
                     
                     
                         "She can't be any more miserable 
                         than I am," Bobbie thought dully, 
                         and turned her face to the wall, 
                         grateful for the utter and over- 
                         whelming weariness, that, like a 
                         sedative, brought her blessed for- 
                         getting.  
                     
                         The light was streaking through 
                         her window when she awakened at 
                         last to a strangely familiar voice- 
                         Sandy McMaster's. Its high- 
                         pitched, thin tones cut through the 
                         walls to her ears: 
                     
                     
                         "All right, Pitt Carson, if Bob 
                         Brent ain't here, he ain't. But 
                         where's that tomboy kid of his? 
                         Get her out here where I can talk 
                         to her. 
                     
                     
                         "Red's gone, I tell you! He's 
                         been kidnaped- maybe murdered! 
                         If she knows anything about it, I'm 
                         going to find out. Anything that's 
                         ever happened to Red to hurt him, 
                         came through her! 
                     
                     
                         "She was hanging round our 
                         camp last night. I saw Red and 
                         her talking together up on the bluff, 
                         and when he come back down some- 
                         thing ailed him. He got in his car 
                         and drove off toward town, and 
                         never came home. The car's stand- 
                         ing empty up at the top of the hill. 
                         There's blood marks in it, and a 
                         piece of his shirt, all torn and bloody 
                         caught on the fender. 
                     
                     
                         "Don't think I haven't heard 
                         what you've been saying over here- 
                         spreading stories that we're double- 
                         crossing you, Red and me. Lies! 
                         Dirty lies! If it hadn't been for 
                         Red holding me back, I'd been over 
                         here long ago and cleaned up on 
                         the pack of you! But if you've done 
                         anvthing to Red! If you ve dared 
                         to-" 
                     
                     
                         Bobbie's feet struck the floor with, 
                         a bang. She thrust her arms into 
                         an old bath robe of her father's. It 
                         trailed the floor, sweeping fantasti- 
                         cally about her. 
                     
                     
                         It had been four years and more 
                         since she had heard Sandy McMas- 
                         ter's voice, but listening, the room 
                         seemed to fade away, the years for- 
                         gotten, and she was standing, a 
                         child-wife with her boy-husband 
                         beside her, shivering before this 
                         same thin pipe of anger. Uncon- 
                         sciously, she looked down at her 
                         hand, expecting Red's fingers to be 
                         clasping it protectingly. 
                     
                     
                         And suddenly, all her hatred and 
                         suspicion were gone. All the shame 
                         that these awful last days had  
                 
                 LS 7F 
             
             
                 
                 Primitive Love 113 
                 
                     
                     
                         added to four years of heartbreak 
                         and hunger were swept away in one 
                         wild panic of terror. 
                     
                     
                         What was this awful thing Sandy 
                         was saying about Red's being kid- 
                         naped about his empty, blood- 
                         stained car? 
                     
                     
                         A small, white-faced figure with 
                         huge gray eyes beneath tousled 
                         brown hair, an oddly pathetic fig- 
                         ure, lost in the great bath robe that 
                         enveloped her, Bobbie threw her- 
                         self from her room. 
                     
                     
                         "Uncle Sandy!" she cried, snatch- 
                         ing at his arm, and her eyes through 
                         their unbelievable lashes were white- 
                         rimmed with the fear that widened 
                         them. "Oh, Uncle Sandy! I do 
                         know what's happened to Red! I 
                         do! It's Bill Nolan! He's jealous of 
                         Red and a girl up at the junction! 
                         "He- he saw Red with her yester- 
                         day. Oh, I should have warned 
                         him! I did see Red last night, but 
                         I- I there were other things and 
                         then-" 
                     
                     
                         The old man looked at her. 
                         "Other things?" he grunted. "Sure! 
                         Fighting, I suppose, like you always 
                         did- you two. Can't live together 
                         and can't live apart! And if you 
                         say my Red's got himself mixed up 
                         with any junction trash, you lie. 
                         He ain't! I'm his father and I know! 
                         Even this new girl he's got himself 
                         engaged to, can't keep him from 
                         breaking his heart over you! 
                     
                     
                         Pitt thrust himself forward. His 
                         face was gray, but his eyes were 
                         black and hot; fright fought with 
                         the anger that filled them a fright 
                         that Bobbie saw, and that multi- 
                         plied itself to her own wild terror. 
                     
                     
                         Fastening his fingers on Bobbie's 
                         sleeve, he swung her behind him. 
                         He said to Sandy: "I don't know 
                         anything about Bobbie's being over 
                         at your place last night, and I don't 
                         know anything about what she's 
                         just been telling you, but if your 
                     
                     
                         LS 8F  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         precious Red has been playing 
                         round with Bill Nolan's girl, and 
                         Nolan caught him at it, he's prob- 
                         ably got what's coming to him. 
                         For Nolan's disappeared. He didn't 
                         show up for work last night, and he 
                         hasn't been near so far this morn- 
                         ing. Find him if you can. I can't. 
                         And I want him worse than you 
                         do!" 
                     
                     
                         The old man was stamping down 
                         the steps, when Bobbie found her 
                         voice: 
                     
                     
                         "Uncle Sandy," she sobbed hys- 
                         terically, "oh, Uncle Sandy, take me 
                         with you! Let me hunt Red with 
                         you! I love him! I'll do anything 
                         to find him!" But against that 
                         stubborn, disappearing back, Bob- 
                         bie's voice trailed off into a futile 
                         wail, and Pitt was talking to her, his 
                         voice knife-edged: 
                     
                     
                         "If you're through making a fool 
                         of yourself and of me, I'd like your 
                         story. And I'd like it straight! 
                         What do you know about Red and 
                         Hulda and Bill Nolan? I want to 
                         know what's being going on round 
                         here behind my back." 
                     
                     
                         "There has been too much going 
                         on behind every one's backs," Bob- 
                         bie cried, and told him of Red and 
                         Hulda in the drug store the day be- 
                         fore, of what Hulda had said, of 
                         Nolan who had watched them and 
                         of the hate in his eyes. 
                     
                     
                         When she had finished, she said, 
                         calm with the calmness of utter de- 
                         spair: 
                     
                     
                         "And now he's killed Red! And 
                         it's my fault for not warning him!" 
                         Then with rising passion: "Last 
                         night- Oh, I could kill myself! 
                         Talking with him- having him right 
                         there before me and not telling 
                         him!" 
                     
                     
                         "There's another little thing I'd 
                         like to know about," Pitt broke in 
                         thickly, his face a twist of fury. 
                     
                     
                         "What were you doing over at the  
                 
             
             
                 
                 114 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         McMaster camp last night?" With- 
                         out waiting for an answer, he con- 
                         tinued furiously: "What is this--- 
                         a race between you and Hulda? 
                         You've got to a pretty level, when 
                         you play yourself against a girl like 
                         her for that double-crosser's favors! 
                         The minute your father's out of 
                         sight, running after him-" 
                     
                     
                         "She- she didn't run after Red! 
                         She ran after me!" 
                     
                     
                         The words came from Honey's 
                         opened door, and hearing them, 
                         Pitt's voice dribbled off into a half- 
                         muttered sneer; swinging to follow 
                         his startled eyes, Bobbie found her 
                         own angry denial, stilled on, her 
                         tongue. 
                     
                     
                         Honey was standing there, a wan 
                         white-faced Honey with mussed 
                         golden hair, and swollen, tear- 
                         dimmed eyes; Her negligee trailed 
                         its froth of silk and lace about her; 
                         her shoulders rose from it; white as 
                         milk, and her mouth was curled into 
                         a pitiful crimson droop, like a 
                         baby's mouth, soft with pleading. 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, Pitt!" she wailed, "Pitt! I 
                         can't stand it any more. Take me 
                         away! Please, Pitt, take me away 
                         from this awful place! It does things 
                         to people- terrible things! Last 
                         night I tried to bomb the river bank 
                         the way old Tim said up here at the 
                         cottage! Bobbie doesn't love you; 
                         she told me so. She said, she 
                         wouldn't marry you ever, and I 
                         thought- I thought, maybe if I 
                         could give you the bonus money, if 
                         I could bring you something big, 
                         you'd love me so much you'd want 
                         to marry me instead. Then you 
                         wouldn't mind the old company 
                         you're so crazy after. But I 
                         couldn't! I didn't know how. And 
                         then Bobbie found me, and I ran 
                         away--" Her voice broke. 
                     
                     
                         Pitt laughed- a strange laugh, 
                         that died against thin, drawn lips. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "You tried to blow a hole in that 
                         river bed because you loved me? 
                         You thought you'd be doing a big 
                         tiling, for me if we won the bonus? 
                         You little fool! Didn't I tell you to 
                         be patient, that I had a scheme to 
                         leave things to me? Doing a fool 
                         thing like that and now Nolan! 
                         Who knows what's happened there! 
                         Murder, maybe!" He swung on 
                         Bobbie, his face contorted, his lips 
                         twitching: 
                     
                     
                         "You've got this much, you might 
                         as well have the rest," he snarled. 
                         "I've been gambling for a big stake, 
                         and I've lost. It's got away from 
                         me the whole thing! Money, am- 
                         bition, the girl a fellow loves 
                         those were the things I was fighting 
                         for, and I didn't care much how I 
                         fought, either! But when it comes 
                         to murder-" He broke off, his 
                         expression horrified. Then: 
                     
                     
                         "Why in Heaven's name did Red 
                         have to go sticking his nose into 
                         things that didn t concern him? 
                         Why didn't he do as any sane man 
                         would have done- let the bonus 
                         come his way and been glad? In- 
                         stead of that; he's been spying, 
                         sneaking, using Nolan's girl to 
                         checkmate every move I've made! 
                         Watching everything I did-" 
                     
                     
                         All her life, Bobbie was to remem- 
                         ber the sudden white flood of under- 
                         standing that swept her. One-minute 
                         Pitt was there before her, his words 
                         a meaningless jumble in her terror- 
                         stricken brain, and the next, he had 
                         vanished, wiped out in the flame 
                         that had burst within her a clean 
                         white flame, that pierced the dark 
                         muddle that for so long had been 
                         her mind. 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, I know, I know!" she was 
                         crying. "I've been so blind! It's 
                         true, what Red told me! He's been 
                         fighting for us- for dad and me- 
                         all this time, just as he said he was! 
                     
                     
                         "You've never wanted to win  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Primitive Love 115 
                 
                     "Oh, Pitt!" Honey wailed. "Take me away from this awful place! 
                     Bobbie doesn't love you; she told me so. She said she wouldn't marry 
                     you ever. You love me; marry me instead."   
                 
                     
                     
                         that bonus, Pitt! You and Nolan 
                         have been behind all these terrible 
                         things that have happened! Hiding 
                         those crates that Red found and 
                         brought back to Tim. Trying to  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         bomb the form sheds with the fuse 
                         that Red found and stamped out! 
                         You thought dad would turn the 
                         company over to you, as he said he 
                         would and you could marry Honey  
                 
             
             
                 
                 116 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         and have the company, too. You 
                         thought you could blame it all on 
                         Red! And you could have, if it 
                         hadn't been for Hulda, and the fact 
                         that Red loved me! He loved me!"  
                     
                         Her voice, swinging like a bell 
                         against the silence, rose to a cre- 
                         scendo of triumph. She flung her 
                         arms above her head, and the sun, 
                         sweeping through the open door, 
                         flooded her face. 
                     
                     
                         "Red, darling! You've loved me 
                         all the time! Oh, why haven't I 
                         seen before? How could have I 
                         been so blind?" 
                     
                     
                         She caught at Pitt's arm: "Don't 
                         you see?" she sobbed. "Hulda loved 
                         Bill Nolan. She knew what he was 
                         doing, and she was scared. She 
                         wanted to to save him. She told 
                         Red the things Bill told her, so Red 
                         could keep them from happening. 
                         She knew they could have sent No- 
                         lan to the penitentiary if they'd 
                         caught him. And Nolan thought 
                         she was in love with Red! And so 
                         he- he-" 
                     
                     
                         A sob broke in Bobbie s throat- 
                         a terrified ghost of a sob. The 
                         glory in her face faded to a pale 
                         horror of realization, and her words 
                         died to a whisper, that lost itself 
                         against bloodless lips: 
                     
                     
                         "And now he's got Red. He's 
                         killed him, maybe! Oh, help me, 
                         dear God! Please help me!" 
                     
                     
                         Unconsciously, her fingers were 
                         still clutching,Pitt s arm. He shook 
                         them free. 
                     
                     
                         "I'm after Nolan!" he cried, and 
                         his-voice trailed back over his shoul- 
                         der, while his feet sent the gravel 
                         and sticks to flying on the downhill 
                         path. 
                     
                     
                         "Wait!" Bobbie wailed. "Wait, 
                         Pitt!" And then she was tearing on 
                         her clothes, smoothing her tumbled 
                         hair with mad hands, lacing boots 
                         with racing fingers. She ran down 
                         the path toward the bridge, banging  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         through the office door, scattering 
                         papers. 
                     
                     
                         "Where's Pitt?" she threw at the 
                         startled faces that looked up at her 
                         wild entrance. But even as she 
                         asked, she knew what the answer 
                         would be. 
                     
                     
                         He had taken the car and gone, 
                         making no explanation. 
                     
                     
                         She found Tim. He was seventy 
                         feet up in the air, walking the 
                         scaffolding of the new arch, direct- 
                         ing the pour. The place was fever- 
                         ish with hurry, filled with turmoil. 
                     
                     
                         "Tim!" she shrieked. "I've got 
                         to see you, Tim!" He saw her and 
                         waved her away. She started to go 
                         to him, climbing, monkeylike, by 
                         the framework, but a man's hands' 
                         clutched at her and pulled her back. 
                     
                     
                         Leaning down from his dizzy 
                         height, Tim bellowed through 
                         cupped hands: "Get that crazy kid 
                         out o' here, if you have to chloro- 
                         form her! Want the old man to 
                         come back and find her killed?" 
                     
                     
                         In a frenzy of desperation, Bobbie 
                         fought and struggled. She bit, hit 
                         and kicked, then suddenly she, 
                         quieted, and the man s arms 
                         dropped from her. 
                     
                     
                         Her attempt to reach Tim, and 
                         the utter abandon of terror that had 
                         swept her at its failure, had cleaned 
                         her mind of the fog that had held it. 
                         She tried to plan as calmly as her 
                         pounding heart would let her. 
                     
                     
                         Every minute, every second 
                         counted. She mustn't lose a single 
                         one. With her father gone, with 
                         Tim refusing to see her, there was 
                         only one place left to turn. That 
                         was- Hulda. 
                     
                     
                         "If I go to her," Bobbie thought, 
                         "and ask her to help me find Nolan, 
                         she'll help me. If I show her my 
                         heart and what's in it, she can't re- 
                         fuse me! She'll help me save Red, 
                         because she knows what it is to love,   
                 
             
             
                 
                 Primitive Love 117 
                 
                     
                     
                         because in saving my man she ll 
                         save hers!" 
                     
                     
                         Even as her thoughts took shape, 
                         forming themselves into words that 
                         cried against her lips, she was run- 
                         ning toward a battered old car that 
                         stood parked by the office door. It 
                         was an errand car, left in gear, its 
                         engine running, while its driver 
                         stood with hands full of packages, 
                         half in, half out the opened door. 
                     
                     
                         She pushed him aside, the impact 
                         of her flying body sending him 
                         gasping, stumbling. She climbed to 
                         the seat. Her foot hard on the gas, 
                         she swung into a one-wheeled turn. 
                         Then she was racing away. 
                     
                     
                         She heard some one yelling at 
                         her: "Hey! Hey! Where you go- 
                         ing? Where you taking that car? 
                         Stop!" And she laughed, her laugh 
                         trailing crazily back above the en- 
                         gine s roar.  
                     
                         CHAPTER IX. 
                     
                     
                         Bobbie found Hulda in the 
                         kitchen of the huge, dingy old hotel. 
                         She was alone. The noon rush was 
                         over, and she was washing the floor. 
                         Her capable hands were wet and 
                         soapy, her gingham dress clung 
                         wetly to her, and damp wisps of 
                         hair, escaping from the golden 
                         braids that wound her head, clung 
                         to her cheeks. Her eyes were swol- 
                         len with crying, and marring the 
                         flushed beauty of her peasant face, 
                         a livid bruise darkened cheek, lip 
                         and broad, low brow. It was a hor- 
                         rible bruise, that made Bobbie 
                         wince and cringe. 
                     
                     
                         "Nolan?" Hulda said sullenly, in 
                         answer to Bobbie's stammered ques- 
                         tioning. "How should I know where 
                         Bill Nolan is? That man Carson 
                         came over here a minute ago, too, 
                         asking me the same thing. I'm tell- 
                         ing you nothing. I've done too 
                         much telling already for my own  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         good," and she touched her cheek, 
                         her eyes hard. 
                     
                     
                         "Nolan gave me that," she, said, 
                         "for trying to keep him out of the 
                         pen." Then with sudden passion: 
                         "I hate men. They're all alike- 
                         beasts! 
                     
                     
                         It wasn't until Bobbie had 
                         blurted out her story from dry, 
                         parched lips of what she had seen 
                         at the drug store the night before 
                         of Nolan's watching, hate-filled face, 
                         of Red's disappearance and the 
                         blood-stained, empty car- that 
                         Hulda broke down. 
                     
                     
                         Flinging herself in a chair, she 
                         buried her braided head in her 
                         arms. "Bill's done it!" she sobbed. 
                         "He threatened to do it! He's 
                         killed Red McMaster! He came in 
                         here last night drunk, and swore he 
                         was going to get him. And he has! 
                         He's taken him to that shack of his 
                         up in the hills, and he's- he's killed 
                         him! And it's all my fault! Be- 
                         cause I tried to save him! Because 
                         I mixed in when I had no business 
                         to! Because-" 
                     
                     
                         Bobbie cried: "Shack! What 
                         shack? Where?" She shook the 
                         heaving shoulders. She threw her 
                         questions down at the half-crazed 
                         girl, repeating them over and over, 
                         until, hearing at last, Hulda raised 
                         her bruised, tear-swollen face. 
                     
                     
                         "It won't do no good," she said 
                         heavily. "It won't do no good to go 
                         there, I know it won't. It's- it's 
                         over with, by this time. Whatever 
                         he was going to do to Red, he's 
                         done, and if he's still there and 
                         drunk he'll kill us both as well." 
                     
                     
                         Bobbie laughed mirthlessly. "A 
                         lot I'd care what he did to me if he's 
                         killed Red," she said. 
                     
                     
                         Looking at Bobbie silently for a 
                         moment, the girl answered, her rich, 
                         soft voice heavy with the tears be- 
                         hind it. 
                     
                     
                         "A girl doesn't care much about  
                 
             
             
                 
                 118 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 

                 
                     "How should I know where Bill Nolan is? said Hulda. I'm telling 
                     you nothing. I've done too much telling already for my own good." 
                     Then with sudden passion: "I hate men. They're all alike beasts." 
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         anything; when she loves a man, 
                         does she? Not even things like 
                         this! touching her cheek again.  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "You love Red. I love Bill. He 
                         hurts me, but he's probably needing 
                         me. Come, I'll show you the  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Primitive Love 119 
                 
                     
                     
                         shack." And jumping up, dressed 
                         as she was, she followed Bobbie out 
                         to the car. 
                     
                     
                         Bobbie never forgot that ride on 
                         the logging road up the mountain 
                         side, axle deep in ruts; the acrid 
                         tang of burning forests that hedged 
                         them in; the silence, broken only by 
                         the scrape of the low-hung branches, 
                         and the throb-throb of the car. 
                     
                     
                         With Hulda's soft gutturals to 
                         guide her, Bobbie followed the twist- 
                         ing way. Where the road wound 
                         round an outspreading cliff, a path 
                         shot off a footpath, which ordi- 
                         narily would have been hidden by 
                         bunches of sumac, laurel and wild 
                         grapevines. But now the vines 
                         were torn loose, the ground was lit- 
                         tered with leaves and broken 
                         branches, and, caught on a twig and 
                         fluttering there, was the torn sleeve 
                         of a man's khaki shirt, like a sign, 
                         pointing the way. 
                     
                     
                         There was no need of words. Bob- 
                         bie stopped the car. She climbed 
                         out and Hulda followed her. They 
                         put stones beneath the wheels. 
                     
                     
                         Bobbie said: "You'd better go 
                         first, Hulda. You know the way. 
                         I'll follow." Haste seemed to have 
                         left her. An awful quiet held her 
                         in its grip, paralyzing her fear. 
                         The noise of her pounding heart and 
                         her labored breathing, worried her 
                         in a strange, detached way. 
                     
                     
                         Even with the tumbled-down, 
                         weed-grown shack ahead of them at 
                         last, standing with Hulda beside its 
                         open door, looking inside, she still 
                         clung to that dreadful stillness. 
                     
                     
                         It wasn't until she saw Red- un- 
                         til she met his wide-open eyes and 
                         heard his voice calling her name, 
                         that it broke that she found her 
                         voice, and answered her name with 
                         his. 
                     
                     
                         He was lying bound on a rude cot 
                         in a corner of the tiny cabin. There 
                         was a bandage about his flaming  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         head. His face was white and hol- 
                         low-eyed, and caked with blood and 
                         dust. His clothes were torn, but he 
                         was smiling at her with the tender - 
                         est, the sweetest smile it seemed to 
                         Bobbie she ever had seen. 
                     
                     
                         But before she could move, before 
                         she could reach him to sob out her 
                         pleas for love and forgiveness, he 
                         was crying at her: 
                     
                     
                         "Bobs! Quick, find a knife and 
                         cut me loose! Pitt's over there 
                         somewhere, and Heaven knows, 
                         what condition he's in! And that 
                         maniac of a Nolan's on his way back 
                         to the valley to burn the bridge and 
                         the dam- make a clean sweep of the 
                         works, before he comes back here 
                         to finish up on us! There isn't a 
                         minute to lose!"  
                     
                         Then she was on her knees beside 
                         him, hacking with an old kitchen 
                         knife at the ropes that held him; let- 
                         ting her lips lie for an instant against 
                         his chafed and bleeding wrists;, free- 
                         ing his ankles and holding him, his 
                         long frame towering above her, as 
                         he swayed stiffly and stamped the 
                         blood back into his numbed and 
                         aching feet. 
                     
                     
                         Over in a dark corner, they saw 
                         Hulda and went to her. She was 
                         shivering and touching a sprawling 
                         body with fearing hands. 
                     
                     
                         Red pushed her aside, and took 
                         her place. For a long minute, he 
                         listened; then raising himself upon 
                         feet still unsteady, he laughed: 
                     
                     
                         "That's Pitt, Hulda, but don't 
                         worry. He isn't dead. He's only 
                         out. That Bill of yours- he sure 
                         packs an awful wallop." As Hulda 
                         and Bobbie looked at him, startled, 
                         he explained: 
                     
                     
                         "He came up here about an hour 
                         ago and tried to make Nolan let me 
                         loose. They had a scrap- about the 
                         prettiest scrap I've ever seen. But 
                         there's no time to gas about it now. 
                         We've got to bring Pitt to and get  
                 
             
             
                 
                 120 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         going, if we're going to save the 
                         bridge and the dam, and keep that 
                         darned crazy fool Bill of yours from 
                         running himself into the pen in spite 
                         of everything we can do. Let's get 
                         busy!" 
                     
                     
                         They brought water and doused 
                         Pitt with it. They shook, pounded 
                         and thumped. They got him at 
                         last, groggy and only half-conscious, 
                         down the narrow path to the parked 
                         car, and pulled him in. The blow 
                         that had felled him had been a ter- 
                         rible one. His 
                         lips were green- 
                         edged, his skin 
                         yellow paste. 
                     
                     
                         In spite of his 
                         sickness, he tried 
                         to talk: "Drive 
                         like the devil! 
                         He will try - the 
                         bridge first. We'd 
                         planned one more 
                         go for to-night. 
                         I've been crook 
                         long enough. I'm 
                         coming clean."  
                     
                         He stopped, ex- 
                         hausted. Then 
                         after a while: 
                     
                     
                         "We'll save those jobs yours and 
                         Brent's, if I die for it. And what- 
                         ever they hand me, I'm taking. 
                         Afterwards, if Honey still loves me, 
                         we're beating it back to the East, 
                         where we belong, Honey and I. 
                         This is your world, McMaster, 
                         yours and Bobbie's, not Honey's and 
                         mine." 
                     
                     
                         But Red said nothing at all. He 
                         was too busy, his lips grim, his eyes 
                         on the road before him, his knuckles 
                         showing taut and white on the 
                         wheel. 
                     
                     
                         It had been a long, slow drive up. 
                         It was a long drive back, but not a 
                         slow one. They teetered and 
                         tipped and swayed. Branches 
                         cracked above them, the gravel flew  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         beneath their flying wheels. There 
                         was the roar of the exhaust, the 
                         splutter and throb of the pounding 
                         engine, the junction with its lights 
                         whizzing by like fireflies in the dark- 
                         ness, and then the valley road, un- 
                         rolling its dusty white ribbon before 
                         them. 
                     
                     
                         It was on the ridge, where, 
                         through the break in the trees, Bob- 
                         bie had had her first view of the 
                         bridge, that Red slowed, then 
                         brought the car to a sudden stop. 
                     
                     
                         "Look!" he 
                         said. "Good 
                         Heaven! Look!" 
                         And following 
                         his pointing fin- 
                         ger, Bobbie saw 
                         what she had 
                         seen on that first 
                         and never-to-be- 
                         forgotten evening 
                         -the bridge- 
                         but not as she 
                         had seen it then, 
                         a fairy thing 
                         against a moonlit 
                         sky. 
                     
                     
                         There was 
                         ~ nothing fairylike 
                         about it now. It was frightening, 
                         terrible! There were smoke clouds 
                         rolling up from it, and long tongues 
                         of fire licking greedily at the black 
                         night sky. Even where they stood, 
                         the smell of fresh burning wood 
                         came up to them, to mix with the 
                         stale smoke scent of the heavy air. 
                     
                     
                         For a moment they stared. 
                     
                     
                         "We're too late," Bobbie cried 
                         miserably, while Pitt groaned, and 
                         Hulda covered up her face with her 
                         hands. But Red was out of the car, 
                         running down the hill and shouting 
                         back to Bobbie: 
                     
                     
                         "Take the car on down to the 
                         bridge. I'm getting help. Tell Tim 
                         I'll bring them along the river path 
                         every man we've got, all the  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Primitive Love 121 
                 
                     
                     
                         pumps and hose. Step on it, Bob- 
                         bie! Tell him to keep fighting."  
                     
                         What happened after that was al- 
                         ways a dream to Bobbie- a feverish 
                         nightmare of incidents crowding one 
                         upon another, across the turbid 
                         background of a weary, confused 
                         brain. 
                     
                     
                         As they swung wildly into the 
                         circle of light that was their camp, 
                         dark, sweaty, soot-streaked figures 
                         flocked about them. Hands grabbed 
                         at Pitt and helped him to the 
                         ground, then at Bobbie. They were 
                         Tim's hands. He was naked to the 
                         waist. His thin, ribbed body heaved 
                         as he talked. Dried tobacco juice 
                         dripped with the sweat down the 
                         crevices of his chin. 
                     
                     
                         At Pitt, he croaked: "Great 
                         supe you are! Where you been? 
                         Nolan fired the gasoline tanks. If 
                         the blaze catches the false work; 
                         we're gone! He's crazy drunk. We 
                         got him tied up, down at the office." 
                         And to Bobbie, his tiny eyes gim- 
                         let holes in his nutcracker face: "Get 
                         up to the cottage an fix bandages 
                         and liniment and get a bed ready! 
                         That darned fool, yellow-haired 
                         friend of yourn- that gal from the 
                         city- she's hurt. She found Nolan 
                         and give the alarm, just as he set 
                         off the pump, and the flames got 
                         her. She's hurt bad. She-" 
                     
                     
                         And then the old man was crying, 
                         his face twisting, the tears streak- 
                         ing his dirty cheeks: "The kid and 
                         the bridge the whole business!" he 
                         blubbered. "It's going to kill your 
                         pap, Bobbie! If Sandy was here, 
                         now, or Red! If they was fighting 
                         with me! If-" 
                     
                     
                         Bobbie caught his arm. "Look!" 
                         she cried. "Down by the river 
                         path, Tim! Look! They re coming 
                         -Red and Uncle Sandy and the 
                         whole McMaster crew!" 
                     
                     
                         They did come- trucks and 
                         chemicals, men and water pumps,  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         hose and buckets. They swarmed 
                         over the place, flooding it. 
                     
                     
                         Red, sweat-streaked, his hair 
                         flaming crimson as the flames he 
                         fought, his bandages bloodstained 
                         and horrible, was everywhere, 
                         snatching single-handed at burning 
                         timbers, directing and giving cour- 
                         age to Tim's tired-out men, as well 
                         as to Tim, himself. 
                     
                     
                         And Sandy McMaster became 
                         "old Sandy himself" once more, 
                         swearing at the blazes as he fought 
                         against them. 
                     
                     
                         But Bobbie, back in the cottage 
                         where they had carried Honey- the 
                         doctor from the junction, Pitt and 
                         herself- neither saw nor heard. She 
                         was too busy. There was water to 
                         boil, oil-soaked clothes to hand to 
                         the doctor's motioning hand, instru- 
                         ments to sterilize. Pitt tried to 
                         help. He was useless. His hands 
                         shook like a baby's, his eyes were 
                         dimmed with tears. He found a 
                         chair beside Honey's bed and 
                         slumped there, his head in his 
                         hands, his eyes never leaving her 
                         small, pain-racked face. 
                     
                     
                         Daylight was breaking, when 
                         Bobbie, finding time to breathe at 
                         last, leaned against the balcony rail 
                         and stared down into the smoke- 
                         filled mists below. 
                     
                     
                         Behind her, Honey was still at 
                         last. Swathed in bandages, she lay, 
                         white as the pillows that held her. 
                         Pitt, on his knees beside her, had 
                         his dark head buried against her 
                         hand. 
                     
                     
                         The doctor was leaving. His 
                         voice was tired, but cheery. His 
                         eyes smiled. 
                     
                     
                         "She'll be fine," he said, "and she 
                         won't bear a scar. They taught us 
                         how to treat burns right, out at 
                         the front. She'll be as pretty as 
                         ever, once those bandages are off. 
                         Never fear."  
                 
             
             
                 
                 122 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     Pitt lifted a ravaged face, and turned it toward them. "Pretty!" he 
                     croaked. "Man alive! What do I care about her beauty beside her life!" 
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         That was when Pitt had spoken 
                         for the first time. Lifting a ravaged 
                         face, he had turned it toward them: 
                         "Pretty!" he had croaked. "Man  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         alive! What do I care about her 
                         beauty beside her life!" And turn- 
                         ing back to Honey, he had put his 
                         lips to Honey's fingers, and kissed 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 Primitive Love 123 
                 
                     
                     
                         them one by one with swift, tender 
                         little kisses. 
                     
                     
                         Bobbie was thinking of that now, 
                         of the love in his eyes, that had 
                         washed from them all the cruelty, 
                         selfishness and greed. 
                     
                     
                         She was thinking of Hulda and 
                         Nolan, a sobered, chastened, fright- 
                         ened Nolan- a Nolan with the 
                         money she had given him in his 
                         pocket, and Hulda by his side. She 
                         was thinking of the ranch her father 
                         owned out West, where Hulda was 
                         to take him, and where her love 
                         would guide him. 
                     
                     
                         And because she was afraid to 
                         think of Red- afraid for the very 
                         agony of joy that filled her- she 
                         thought, of her father instead, not of 
                         the bonus he had lost, but of the 
                         friendship he had won. She  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         thought of old Sandy, fighting shoul- 
                         der to shoulder with Tim, sweating, 
                         chewing, swearing. And, turning at 
                         the sound of footsteps on the path, 
                         she saw them coming toward her, 
                         dimly at first, as though out of a 
                         dream, with the mist swaying and 
                         swirling about them. 
                     
                     
                         There was Sandy and her father, 
                         arm in arm. There was old Tim, 
                         limping a little, but grinning up at 
                         her, his bleary old eyes squinting 
                         with the burn of smoke and dust. 
                         And there was Red, tall and straight 
                         against the gray of the morning sky, 
                         his blue eyes shining, his bandages 
                         dragging crazily. He was holding 
                         out his arms and smiling to her, and 
                         suddenly the walls were reeling, the 
                         floor was swaying, and she was 
                         clutching wildly at nothing at all. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 124 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         From an immense distance, from 
                         some place millions of miles away, 
                         she heard her father's: "Catch her, 
                         Red. The poor kid! It's seeing me 
                         back like this, on top of everything 
                         else, that's got her. Hold her while 
                         Sandy and I go in to Honey. Tim, 
                         you old ape! What you staring at? 
                         Come along with us. Where's your 
                         sense? Don't you know when 
                         three's a crowd?"  
                     
                         Tim grinned and then followed 
                         Robert Brent and Sandy.  
                     
                         And then Red's arms were about 
                         her; his cheek was pressing smoke 
                         and grime on hers, and his lips, with 
                         the tang of smoke on them, were 
                         holding hers, drawing at her heart, 
                         drinking her in with breathless hun- 
                         ger.  
                     
                         And Red's voice was whispering 
                         in her ears; foolish, senseless whis- 
                         perings. They were not. the things 
                         he should have told her- of the 
                         hunch that had sent Robert Brent 
                         from one train to another homeward 
                         bound, before his journey was half 
                         over, that had brought him back to 
                         camp to take a hand in the final 
                         conquering of the fire.  
                     
                         Not of the reconciliation between 
                         his father and hers the long hand- 
                         clasp and the straight, level meet- 
                         ing of eyes.  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Not of the crew of McMaster men 
                         who were already working down be- 
                         low to repair the damage the fire 
                         had wrought, nor of the reace for the 
                         bonus, which was a race no more, 
                         as there was only one company to 
                         win it -Brent &amp; McMaster- Brent 
                         &amp; McMaster this time, to stay.  
                     
                         Not of these things at all! What 
                         did they care for such things as 
                         those, this red-haired boy and this 
                         brown-haired girl, locked tightly in 
                         each other's arms?  
                     
                         What Red really told Bobbie was: 
                         "I love you. There hasn't been a 
                         day, a minute, or a second, in all the 
                         four and a half years we've been 
                         apart that I haven't loved you. I'll 
                         love you till the world stops turning, 
                         and the sun stops shining." 
                     
                     
                         And Bobbie was saying- whipser- 
                         ing the words up against Red's ear! 
                         "And I'll be your tomboy wife, 
                         red, because I can't help myself. 
                         But sometimes I'll wear skirts, dar- 
                         ling- grand skirts that fluff about 
                         me, and I'll wind a ribbon in my 
                         hair, and we'll close the door on all 
                         the world, and there'll be no one, but 
                         just us two together!" 
                     
                     
                         And the sun, peeping up over the 
                         sky's rim, found them there- a 
                         single outline- to shine upon and 
                         bless. 
                     
                     
                         THE END  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         COQUETTE  
                     
                     A ROSY petal fluttered down  Where roses never grew.  I looked up to the window ledge  And then I saw 'twas you.  
                     I felt the nearness of your lips  And pressed them close to mine.  Their dewy sweetness left with me  The flush of
                        rosy wine.  
                     
                         Doris I. Bateman. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 
                 
                     Musical Proposal 
                 
                 
                     By  Leslie Gordon Barnard   
                 
                     
                     
                         DIANE came in. like something 
                         windblown from the garden.  
                     
                         The sunshine seemed to be 
                         imprisoned in her hair with gay 
                         tenacity. 
                     
                     
                         "Mother, isn't it marvelous?" 
                     
                     
                         "A lovely day certainly, Diane." 
                     
                     
                         "But I mean- about Robert. 
                         Imagine his turning up like this 
                         after years and years, with just this 
                         week in town, and then off to the  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         East as soon as he gets orders from 
                         his office." Diane swiftly crossed 
                         the floor with a dancing step, slipped 
                         onto the piano stool, and accom- 
                         panied a snatch of song: 
                     
                     
                         "On the road to Mandalay 
                         Where the flying fishes play- 
                     
                     
                         "Mother"- she sprang up again- 
                         "if he should ask me, you'd let me 
                         go, wouldn't you? I mean, if he  
                 
             
             
                 
                 126 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         wanted me to join him out there!" 
                     
                     
                         "Diane. How ridiculous!" Mrs. 
                         Trench moved quickly to her daugh- 
                         ter's side. She held a duster in her 
                         hand, following up the inequalities 
                         of the maid's work, and she seemed 
                         prepared to brush aside Diane's 
                         ambitions, which were quite as pre- 
                         posterous as dust on the Trench 
                         furniture. "You've been seeing too 
                         much of him, gadding about with 
                         him every morning, noon and night 
                         this week. He- he hasn t said any- 
                         thing?" she inquired anxiously. 
                     
                     
                         "Not quite!" 
                     
                     
                         "Oh. Not quite!"- cynically. 
                         "Diane, you're imagining things. 
                         You're reading into the affair what 
                         isn't there. Of course, it seems very 
                         romantic, his coming here like this, 
                         after you and he played together as 
                         children. As for the East- ridic- 
                         ulous!" 
                     
                     
                         Mrs. Trench moved further on in 
                         her vigorous attack of the furniture. 
                         She was a large woman, and handled 
                         everything with a sort of repressed 
                         fury. It was easy to see how she 
                         had brought her campaign with 
                         Stephen Trench to a victorious con- 
                         clusion, only two years after the 
                         death of his first wife, the mother of 
                         Diane. She was a good woman, 
                         efficient, in the main tolerant, but 
                         without imagination. She resented 
                         nothing in Stephen's first wife ex- 
                         cept a strain of romance, which she 
                         could neither equal nor understand. 
                         As for the East- it was in the East 
                         that Stephen had met Eleanor. 
                         Agnes Trench had resolutely set 
                         herself to crush a silly romanticism 
                         that threatened to crop up in Diane. 
                         Besides, how could any one see any- 
                         thing romantic in the East? It was 
                         a place not of romance, Mrs. 
                         Trench assured herself, but of fleas 
                         and privations, and heathen gods 
                         and snakes that got under one's bed 
                         a most uncomfortable place. Per-  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         mit Diane to go East? Ridiculous! 
                     
                     
                         The telephone rang. 
                     
                     
                         "For you, Miss Diane." 
                     
                     
                         Mrs. Trench watched her daugh- 
                         ter go, listened but could hear noth- 
                         ing. Then Diane came back, her 
                         eyes large and troubled. 
                     
                     
                         "It was Robert. He's got word to 
                         go. He has to take the eleven-thirty 
                         train to-night. And he'll be busy 
                         until this evening. Oh, it's horrid- 
                         horrid." 
                     
                     
                         Mrs. Trench felt herself safe in 
                         offering motherly sympathy; in- 
                         wardly, she was highly relieved. 
                     
                     
                         "He'll be over this evening?" 
                     
                     
                         "Yes, mother. We'll go for a 
                         drive"- and sudden color stained 
                         her satinlike cheeks, her eyes be- 
                         came distant and her voice dreamy 
                         -"he'll tell me to-night." 
                     
                     
                         Mrs. Trench's voice sharpened. 
                     
                     
                         "To-night?" she said crisply. 
                         "Yes, of course. Now, let me see. 
                         How appropriate. A little farewell 
                         party for Robert. Ice cream, cake, 
                         flowers, and candles." 
                     
                     
                         "But, mother, we'd rather-" 
                     
                     
                         "There's Mrs. Prosser and Lu," 
                         counted Mrs. Trench quickly, "and 
                         Grandma Prosser, if her rheuma- 
                         tism's better. They all knew 
                         Robert as a boy, of course. And 
                         George Milson is sure to be there, 
                         so attentive to Lu, and such a nice 
                         young man." She sighed, then con- 
                         tinued hastily as Diane opened her 
                         mouth to speak. "And do look up 
                         Aunt Emily's number. I never can 
                         remember it. She and Uncle Albert, 
                         of course, must be asked." 
                     
                     
                         "But, mother-" 
                     
                     
                         "Diane, you're not going to be un- 
                         gracious when I'm only trying to do 
                         something nice and appropriate for 
                         Robert before he goes?" 
                     
                     
                         "N-no, mother." 
                     
                     
                         Mrs. Trench nodded approvingly 
                         and swept out of the room. Next 
                         to diplomacy, arrangements were  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Musical Proposal 127 
                 
                     
                     
                         the breath of life to her. She had, 
                         she thought, managed this rather 
                         well. Robert would have a chance 
                         for serious conversation with Diane 
                         to-night, only over her dead body. 
                         Why, a thing like this would upset 
                         all her own plans for Diane! 
                     
                     
                         Stephen Trench, coming home at 
                         five, from the office, found his house 
                         embowered in flowers from the gar- 
                         den, his wife in her best gown, and 
                         Diane wandering about like a lost 
                         soul. To look at Stephen Trench 
                         was to see a typical suburbanite, set- 
                         tled down to middle-aged routine, a 
                         bit lined about the face, a bit dull 
                         about the eyes, with a contentment 
                         that was built on successive resigna- 
                         tions. Only now and then Stephen 
                         was different. Touch one certain 
                         chord in him and the man became 
                         alive, embers of a lost youth flaring 
                         up in him. 
                     
                     
                         He stood in the hallway survey- 
                         ing the proceedings. 
                     
                     
                         "Have I forgotten a birthday, or 
                         something?" 
                     
                     
                         Mrs. Trench came forward 
                         briskly, and, with a half glance to- 
                         ward the drawing room and Diane, 
                         drew him aside, explaining briefly. 
                         Stephen Trench took off his straw 
                         hat and stroked the one wisp of hair 
                         on his head that still grew under 
                         careful cultivation with vaseline and 
                         brush. 
                     
                     
                         "But is it quite fair to them?" 
                     
                     
                         "Stephen, you don't suggest that 
                         I am not doing the right thing!" 
                     
                     
                         "No, no, my dear, only-" 
                     
                     
                         "Why, they've only just met- at 
                         least for the first time since child- 
                         hood, which doesn't count- and 
                         with him going away at once, why 
                         should everything be upset? I 
                         know young girls. She'll fret and 
                         pine for weeks, maybe, but in the 
                         end wonder why she'd been such a 
                         fool. And as for Robert, he'll find 
                         plenty of distractions out there." 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "You say he's going where?" 
                     
                     
                         Mrs. Trench looked away. 
                     
                     
                         "The- oh, out East, in some out- 
                         landish place." She hurried on: 
                         "It might be all right under other 
                         circumstances. But with two such 
                         youngsters, it's just a passing fancy, 
                         and Stephen, I must ask you to back 
                         me up. We must get them through 
                         until after eleven, safely. Then he'll 
                         go away and with lots to think 
                         about, he'll forget her. But if they 
                         have time to talk, he may propose 
                         something ridiculous, and that we 
                         mustn't allow. You understand, 
                         Stephen?" 
                     
                     
                         "Quite!" he said dryly. 
                     
                     
                         She gave him a quick glance, but 
                         her lips said: 
                     
                     
                         "I know I could count on you."  
                     
                         He tossed his hat on the rack and 
                         went out into the garden. For all 
                         the filled bowls inside, the paths 
                         rioted with nasturtiums on both 
                         sides; hollyhocks waved in the 
                         breeze from the picket fence, and 
                         leaves fluttered down from the trees 
                         at the end of the garden. The wind 
                         was soft but restless, so that he 
                         closed his eyes and remained still, 
                         letting it sweep over him, feeling old 
                         and despairing of his own courage. 
                         She could count on him! Yes, of 
                         course! He was a fixture, cemented 
                         in by a thousand acceptances and 
                         resignations. He envied his wife her 
                         sureness, her victories, her energy. 
                         Feeling tired, he sat on a garden 
                         bench; his hands touching the wood, 
                         felt a roughness. His eyes went to 
                         it. In a silly moment, of course, 
                         they had put it there, carving it in 
                         the newly bought bench- "S-E." 
                         People thought it had to do with 
                         compass directions, and took wrong 
                         bearings by it. It stood for 
                         "Stephen-Eleanor." Good heavens, 
                         how long ago it seemed! 
                     
                     
                         "Hello, daddy." 
                     
                     
                         "Hello, dear." He looked up.  
                 
             
             
                 
                 128 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         thinking: "She's more like her 
                         mother every day." 
                     
                     
                         She sat down beside him. 
                     
                     
                         "Has mother told you about 
                         Robert?" 
                     
                     
                         "Yes. Too bad he has to go like 
                         this, just when you've renewed 
                         acquaintance. It's the way of the 
                         world, young lady." He tried to 
                         speak lightly. He knew he was be- 
                         ing a coward, caught in the usual 
                         diplomacy and insincerity of pre- 
                         tending. She said, after a pause: 
                     
                     
                         "Is it the- the way of the world 
                         to step on people deliberately?" 
                     
                     
                         "My dear!" 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, you know, daddy. You 
                         know why mother's doing all this, 
                         having people in, pretending to be 
                         nice to Robert. She's afraid- afraid 
                         to let us be alone. So she robs us 
                         of the few hours we have. I won't 
                         stand for it!" Her chin was re- 
                         bellious. 
                     
                     
                         He patted her hand. 
                     
                     
                         "Your mother means well, dear."  
                     
                         Diane flung at him: "She thinks 
                         the East is all horrid. Is it?"  
                     
                         Stephen Trench spoke only after 
                         consideration. . 
                     
                     
                         "The East is like the West, Diane 
                         -not all good, not all bad. We 
                         make, whatever place we are in, our- 
                         selves. We create it with our own 
                         eyes, our minds, and hearts." He 
                         paused, then put a hand on her knee. 
                         "The East, for me, was a place of 
                         miracle. But so was this garden." 
                     
                     
                         A voice called from the house: 
                         "Stephen! Diane! Could you help 
                         me, please? There are some things 
                         to be done." They faced each other. 
                         He patted her hand.  
                     
                         "Try to remember, Diane dear. 
                         Your mother means well. She's 
                         done a lot for both of us." How 
                         often had he said things like that, 
                         extending to Diane the bonds of his 
                         own subjugation? 
                     
                     
                         "Yes, daddy. I'll try." 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Mrs. Trench, with smiling mouth 
                         and unsmiling eyes, welcomed them 
                         as helpers in the rearrangement, of 
                         furniture. Everywhere one looked 
                         were the earmarks of an occasion. 
                         She was determined to give Robert 
                         a good farewell. 
                     
                     
                         Aunt Emily and Uncle Albert 
                         came to share a hasty supper, and 
                         Aunt Emily was taken aside right 
                         after and told the news. Uncle 
                         Albert was not permitted to enjoy 
                         this confidence. He had a frank 
                         manner that was disconcerting He 
                         never beat about the bush,, or said 
                         things obliquely, or fluttered ex- 
                         pressive eybrows, like Aunt Emily. 
                         He was, declared the sisters, "en- 
                         tirely lacking in subtlety," though 
                         there were strange, disconcerting 
                         moments when he spoke with his 
                         tongue very much in his cheek. 
                         Aunt Emily, unlike Mrs. Trench, 
                         was pale, and painted pictures not 
                         unlike herself. It was whispered 
                         that her genius was burning her out, 
                         but the family doctor rudely said: 
                         her consumptive look, was likely to 
                         last out threescore and ten. 
                     
                     
                         "You did quite right, Agnes!" 
                         agreed Emily. "Of course, I knew 
                         the Pennels, and Robert once broke 
                         one of my frames with stones when 
                         he was quite a child. But really, his 
                         mother was- well, you remember 
                         her- she was just a Brunton. As 
                         for this Eastern business, it is quite 
                         absurd." 
                     
                     
                         Agnes Trench felt strenghtened. 
                         She was most gracious to Robert 
                         Pennel when he arrived, ushering 
                         him immediately into the drawing 
                         room, calling sweetly to Diane who 
                         had been sent upstairs for something 
                         unnecessary: "Robert is here, 
                         Diane, dear!" Aunt Emily engaged 
                         Robert instantly in conversation. 
                         She spoke in vague, broken sen- 
                         tences, full of incomplete signifi- 
                         cances, the trend of which Robert  
                 
                 LS 8F 
             
             
                 
                 Musical Proposal 129 
                 
                     For an instant Diane and Robert were together. As he towered over 
                     her, she smiled up at him. Her eyes spoke volumes though her lips 
                     merely said: "It's horrid, isn't it? All these people." 
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         had not time to get before other 
                         guests arrived. Then conversation 
                         became general.  
                     
                         Diane, marooned across the room, 
                         could only exchange glances with 
                         Robert. An adult and garrulous 
                         world had swallowed them both. 
                         Mrs. Trench, in a strategic position, 
                         kept a silent but impressive guard 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                          on Diane's every speech or act. As 
                         soon as George Milson arrived, she 
                         said, they would play bridge.  
                     
                         "Do you think Robert's changed 
                         much?" she asked brightly. "He 
                         seems just a boy to me still." She 
                         turned to the guest. "Of course, I 
                          didn't live here then, Robert, just 
                         visited with the Prossers."  
                 
                 LS 9F 
             
             
                 
                 130 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         Everybody looked at Robert, 
                         assessing him. 
                     
                     
                         "Your mother used to keep you 
                         very neat," mused Grandma Pros- 
                         ser. "I declare, she had your little 
                         pants out on the line every blessed 
                         day." 
                     
                     
                         "Mother!" exclaimed Mrs. Pros- 
                         ser. 
                     
                     
                         "And Diane's were, too," asserted 
                         grandma vigorously. She was al- 
                         ways goaded on by tactful inter- 
                         ference. "That was before your 
                         time, Agnes. Eleanor did her own 
                         washing then. For myself I don't 
                         trust these laundries. I-" 
                     
                     
                         Aunt Emily interposed hastily: 
                         "Have you seen the Loan Exhibit in 
                         town? It's not- that is to say- the 
                         modern, you know, in conflict. Dar- 
                         ing, but a little cold. 
                     
                     
                         The doorbell rang at this point.  
                     
                         "There's George," said Mrs. 
                         Trench with relief. "George, how 
                         good of you. We're just dying for 
                         some bridge. I think you know 
                         every one. Oh, Robert, this is 
                         George Milson. George, Robert 
                         Pennel." 
                     
                     
                         The young men shook hands. 
                         From an obscure corner where he 
                         had hidden himself, Stephen Trench 
                         sized them up. George was a 
                         mouse-colored man, eminently cor- 
                         rect in an artificial way; against him, 
                         Robert's natural, half-boyish ease 
                         warmed Stephen's heart. George 
                         Milson was perfectly suited to Lu, 
                         he thought. They would be cere- 
                         moniously married, furnish their 
                         house with scrupulous regard to con- 
                         servative standards, obey every 
                         precept of matrimony implicity, and 
                         die respected and unknown outside 
                         their own street. Stephen Trench 
                         sighed. He had pretty nearly got 
                         there himself. And it was all right. 
                         These people were the backbone of 
                         the social order, he had no doubt. 
                         They hadn't enough imagination to 
                     
                     
                         go wrong. You couldn't expect 
                         backbones to get out of shape sud- 
                         denly. Stephen laughed to himself, 
                         but Diane shot him a glance- hurt, 
                         dismayed, in the next instant, al- 
                         most hopeful- and his humor died. 
                     
                     
                         They were moving to the tables 
                         now. For an instant Diane and 
                         Robert were together. As he 
                         towered over her, his eyes fixed on 
                         her, she smiled up at him. Her eyes 
                         spoke volumes though her lips 
                         merely said: 
                     
                     
                         "I'm sorry. It's horrid, isn t it? 
                         All these people." 
                     
                     
                         Stephen saw their young misery 
                         through these mutual smiles, and he 
                         experienced a fierce pang, a desire 
                         to jump up and cry out that this 
                         room, these people, this bridge, was 
                         a sacrilege against youth, romance, 
                         and a summer night. 
                     
                     
                         "Stephen," Mrs. Trench's voice 
                         brought him to earth. "Will you 
                         fetch the punch, dear? You don't 
                         mind not playing, do you? And 
                         then you can chat a bit with Grand- 
                         ma Prosser." 
                     
                     
                         The four younger people played 
                         at one table. Robert and Diane 
                         were allowed to partner each other, 
                         because, after all, they were across 
                         the table and George Milson settled 
                         himself down comfortably opposite 
                         Lu. Grandma Prosser pulled up a 
                         chair and made remarks about the 
                         hands she could see. Tiring of that, 
                         she returned to the subject of the 
                         guest of honor. 
                     
                     
                         "Many's the time, young man," 
                         she told Robert, "I've blessed your 
                         mother for trying to make a pianist 
                         out of you. And Diane's mother, 
                         too. Many an afternoon's sleep 
                         you've destroyed, fumbling up and 
                         down the scales." 
                     
                     
                         Robert brightened. 
                     
                     
                         "I've nothing much to show for 
                         it," he said. "But I remember well 
                         enough. Diane used to sit at hers  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Musical, Proposal 131 
                 
                     
                     
                         across the lot with our windows 
                         open, and we' see who could play 
                         the loudest. Remember, Diane?"  
                     
                         Her eyes flicked up from the cards 
                         to nod to him. 
                     
                     
                         "Well, now," said Grandma Pros- 
                         ser, "we'll have to hear from you 
                         both by and by. You'll have to 
                         have them play for us, Agnes."  
                     
                         Robert and Diane exchanged 
                         quick glances of dismay. After 
                         bridge one might escape, but if the 
                         evening was to drag on in the bosom 
                         of the family, it would be intoler- 
                         able. Stephen Trench from the door- 
                         way saw that glance, and writhed 
                         inwardly. He felt a sense of suf- 
                         focation, as if life had him down and 
                         by the throat, and went out into the 
                         garden for a sniff of air. The eve- 
                         ning had grown cool, and as he 
                         looked, a faint glow in the north be- 
                         gan to grow and shift and change. 
                         Green spears of light moved across 
                         the sky, changing, extending, con- 
                         tracting. Stephen returned to the 
                         drawing room. 
                     
                     
                         "Drop your cards a minute," he 
                         said urgently. "I want to show you 
                         something. Hurry!" He thought: 
                         "It's working. They're coming!"  
                     
                         Mrs. Trench's voice was distinctly 
                         cool. 
                     
                     
                         "What is it, Stephen? A fire? 
                         Oh, just northern lights!" 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, lovely," sighed Emily, in the 
                         voice she kept for occasions. 
                     
                     
                         "That last bid, Lu," said George. 
                         "Why didn't you raise me? I could 
                         have taken two more tricks easy as 
                         you please." 
                     
                     
                         Grandma Prosser was staring with 
                         dim eyes at the heavenly phenom- 
                         enon. "Once when I was a girl," she 
                         began, but nobody was listening. 
                     
                     
                         Uncle Albert was taking the op- 
                         portunity to get a few puffs at a 
                         cigar he'd been aching for, since 
                         supper. Agnes allowed cigarettes, 
                         but not the heavier smoke. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "Well," Mrs. Trench spoke hur- 
                         riedly. "I'm sure, Stephen, you 
                         meant well, but our game- shall 
                         we," she suggested brightly," get 
                         back to it? Diamonds were trumps, 
                         weren't they, Albert?" 
                     
                     
                         They began to troop in. On the 
                         terrace outside Stephen saw, with a 
                         leaping heart, two young people 
                         moving not toward, but away from 
                         the door. They were on the grass, 
                         barely distinguishable now, still 
                         gazing up at the mysterious lights 
                         of the North. Stephen's own gaze 
                         traveled up to them again. They 
                         stirred in him an excitement, as if 
                         he, like Grandma Prosser, were see- 
                         ing them again with young eyes. 
                         He remembered lying in a canoe for 
                         a long summer night, facing upward, 
                         with Eleanor silently watching. 
                         Now he watched the two figures on 
                         the grass, their heads almost touch- 
                         ing, their profiles, clear, and eloquent 
                         in the lovely glow from the sky. 
                     
                     
                         "Stephen!" 
                     
                     
                         "Yes, dear." 
                     
                     
                         "Where are they?" 
                     
                     
                         Who? 
                     
                     
                         "Don't be stupid. Robert and 
                         Diane, of course!" 
                     
                     
                         He summoned his wits to tem- 
                         porize. Only seconds had passed. 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, there they are!" said Mrs. 
                         Trench. He saw her go heavily, de- 
                         cisively across the grass. 
                         "My dear Diane, have you for- 
                         gotten our guests. Robert, I'm 
                         sorry, but do you mind? It's quite 
                         chilly, and Diane is so susceptible."   
                     
                         Stephen, withdrawing a little so 
                         that his face should not be seen, 
                         watched them return. Nothing had 
                         happened. Nothing could have 
                         been said in those short instants. 
                         Diane's delicately tinted face was 
                         pale, and her luminous eyes showed 
                         distress. Robert looked politely im- 
                         passive as he followed his hostess in- 
                         doors. For a brief moment, his  
                 
             
             
                 
                 132 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         hand brushed against Diane's; 
                         their fingers interlocked behind 
                         Mrs. Trench's back, and then 
                         swiftly untangled themselves. 
                     
                     
                         Mrs. Trench summoned re- 
                         freshments early. Robert must 
                         take the eleven-thirty train, 
                         and there was the music to 
                         come. 
                     
                     
                         "Robert and I will serve, 
                         mother!" 
                     
                     
                         "No, dear. I've asked Ethel 
                         to wait up. Robert may pass 
                         the napkins. If you will, 
                         Robert. They're right behind 
                         you." 
                     
                     
                         Stephen Trench returned to his 
                         guests moodily, helpless revolt 
                         within him, a vast scorn for himself 
                         raging. He glanced at his watch. 
                         It was nearly eleven. In a short 
                         time now Robert must go. If the 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         On the terrace outside Stephen saw, with a 
                         leaping hearty two young people together. 
                         They were Robert said Diane.  
                     
                         youngsters could only escape after 
                         the ice cream. 
                     
                     
                         But Mrs. Trench was watching 
                         that. 
                     
                     
                         "Our time is so short," she said, 
                         taking Robert's empty plate, "we  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Musical Proposal 133 
                 
                     
                     
                         must have the music we've promised 
                         Grandma Prosser. Do oblige us, 
                         Robert." 
                     
                     
                         Chopin, Mozart, Liszt stole into 
                         the room, enticed by Robert's 
                         fingers. Diane sat near by, her face 
                         pale, her eyes misty. 
                     
                     
                         "The boy can play," thought 
                         Stephen. "It's not making it any 
                         easier for her. 
                     
                     
                         Then Robert turned. "Grandma 
                         Prosser will hardly remember my 
                         playing like that," he smiled. 
                         "Wasn't it more like this, grand- 
                         ma?" 
                     
                     
                         he swung into a curious, rambling 
                         improvisation, one motif only re- 
                         peated with a fierce monotony, then 
                         ended with a thumping chord. 
                         Then he looked at Diane. 
                     
                     
                         "Your turn," he said. 
                     
                     
                         A flush ran deep and red in 
                         Diane's face; her eyes seemed sud- 
                         denly bright and alive, as if the 
                         music had awakened her. She 
                         sprang up lightly, seated herself, and 
                         a crystal cascade of notes moved 
                         under her fingers. She hadn't 
                         Robert Pennel's technique and 
                         power, but this was fairy music, 
                         abandoned, gay, irrepressible. It 
                         moved and shifted, bright and ex- 
                         citing, thought Stephen Trench, as 
                         the dawn. Then the music ceased. 
                         Diane turned to Grandma Prosser. 
                     
                     
                         "And this," she said, "is more the 
                         kind of thing you had to put up 
                         with from me, grandma." 
                     
                     
                         With childlike, thumping notes, 
                         she gave her imitation, con- 
                         scientiously fingering; then, with a 
                         glance at Robert, swung into a song: 
                     
                     
                         "On the road to Mandalay 
                         Where the flying fishes play-"  
                     
                         Uncle Albert then stood beside 
                         the piano, singing it in a surprising 
                         tenor, and Stephen Trench at first 
                         with diffidence, then more con- 
                         fidently, stepped up and supplied  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         the bass. The fingers of the girl 
                         seemed bewitched. 
                     
                     
                         Mrs. Trench caught her husband's 
                         arm: 
                     
                     
                         "Stephen, the car. Get it out. 
                         Robert will be late." She was a 
                         little pale and distraught, as if an 
                         atmosphere, alien and frightening, 
                         had caught her unawares. He 
                         obeyed. The scent of flowers and 
                         of gasoline mingled, and the night 
                         seemed full of unanalyzed things. 
                         He drove the car around to the front 
                         door, seeing them all on the porch: 
                         Grandma Prosser, a little bent with 
                         her rheumatism, George with his 
                         arm linked companionably in Lu's, 
                         Uncle Albert puffing a cigar, Emily 
                         contributing a languid smile and 
                         Mrs. Prosser an eager one, Agnes 
                         Trench dominating and repulsing 
                         one more ambition for Diane. 
                     
                     
                         "No, darling, you can't go to the 
                         station. Uncle Albert will go with 
                         father, won't you, Albert? We'll 
                         play some anagrams until you get 
                         back, and then everybody can take 
                         a hand. Good-by, Robert, Good 
                         luck." 
                     
                     
                         Robert was shaking hands all 
                         around. Then he was facing Diane. 
                     
                     
                         "Good-by, Diane." His eyes were 
                         intense, his voice husky. 
                     
                     
                         "Robert- oh, Robert!" 
                     
                     
                         She filing herself into his arms, 
                         kissing him: 
                     
                     
                         Oblivious of the audience, he 
                         strained her to him, and kissed her 
                         lips tenderly. 
                     
                     
                         "My darling," he murmured in a 
                         voice as poignantly melodious as his 
                         music. 
                     
                     
                         "Diane!" Mrs. Trench's gasp 
                         penetrated the air. 
                     
                     
                         The night seemed to hold its 
                         breath at this shocking abandon. 
                         Certainly, the group on the porch 
                         did. Diane drew herself from this 
                         public embrace, and swung around 
                         to her mother. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 134 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         "But, mother, we're engaged. 
                         I've promised to marry Robert. I've 
                         promised to go out when he sends 
                         for me!" 
                     
                     
                         "Come, Robert," said Uncle Al- 
                         bert, suddenly practical. "Or you'll 
                         miss the train." 
                     
                     
                         Robert Pennel did not move. 
                     
                     
                         "It's true," he told Mrs. Trench 
                         soberly. "I'm sorry if it seems so 
                         so sudden." 
                     
                     
                         Then he kissed Diane again a 
                         long, clinging kiss and was in the 
                         car. Stephen Trench drove as if 
                         possessed; the train was caught by 
                         inches, but he squeezed Robert's 
                         hand in a final message. 
                     
                     
                         "Could you drive a bit slower," 
                         asked Uncle Albert, on the way 
                         back. "I'd like to finish this cigar." 
                         He chuckled suddenly. "Bless 
                         youth!" he ejaculated. "Love will 
                         find a way, old top." 
                     
                     
                         Stephen Trench said nothing. His 
                         sharp satisfaction was tempered by 
                         the knowledge that he had yet his 
                         wife to face. The guests, as he had 
                         supposed, were gone, the anagrams 
                         forgotten, good nights said with 
                         false gayety. Stephen, hearing 
                         raised voices, quickened his steps. 
                         Diane was facing her mother and 
                         aunt in the room, littered with rem- 
                         nants of a dead party. 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, mother, how could you! 
                         You tried, you schemed, just to keep 
                         us from those last, few hours. 
                         Weren't you ever young? Don't 
                         you understand?" Diane's young 
                         tones were ringing out passionately. 
                     
                     
                         She broke off at sight of her 
                         father in the doorway. Stephen put 
                         his arm about her waist silently. 
                         Mrs. Trench saw father and daugh- 
                         ter clinging together, facing her de- 
                         fiantly, but it remained for Aunt 
                         Emily to make the capitulation for  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         her sister. "It's probably all for the 
                         best, Agnes." 
                     
                     
                         "For the best," repeated Mrs. 
                         Trench, slowly. She looked baffled, 
                         beaten, then a faint gleam appeared 
                         in her eyes. 
                     
                     
                         "Well," she said decisively, rising, 
                         "there is one thing I should like to 
                         know, Diane. When, please, did this 
                         mad proposal take place?" 
                     
                     
                         Diane went swiftly to her mother s 
                         side. 
                     
                     
                         "Mother, you're going to be nice 
                         about it, aren't you? I'm so happy 
                         and I do want you to see it's for the 
                         best, like Aunt Emily says." 
                     
                     
                         "But when, Diane? How-" 
                     
                     
                         Diane looked suddenly radiant. 
                     
                     
                         "It was Grandma Prosser's 
                         music," she laughed joyously. 
                         "When Robert and I were kids, we 
                         used to play to each other across 
                         the lot with the windows open. We 
                         made up a code so that we could 
                         talk to each other." 
                     
                     
                         From the open window came the 
                         unmistakable smell of Uncle Albert's 
                         cigar, and an equally unmistakable 
                         chuckle. 
                     
                     
                         "Proposal by music," said Uncle 
                         Albert. "In the bosom of the 
                         family. Well, well!" 
                     
                     
                         Mrs. Trench sat down suddenly 
                         in the nearest chair. 
                     
                     
                         "Stephen, dear," she said shakily, 
                         "will you please fetch me a glass of 
                         water?" 
                     
                     
                         Beaten as she was, she looked 
                         once more at Diane's radiant face, 
                         her sparkling eyes, and her defeat 
                         was complete. She held out a hand 
                         to the girl. 
                     
                     
                         "I've heard some people say that 
                         the East is a romantic place," she 
                         was admitting reluctantly, as 
                         Stephen returned with the glass of 
                         water.  
                 
             
             
                 
                 
                 
                     Your Stars and You 
                 
                 
                     by  Kai   
                 
                     
                     
                         YOUR WEEK 
                     
                     
                         Most of us will like the current seven 
                         days. It is a temperamental week, but 
                         there will be many things which hold prom- 
                         ise and a general feeling of optimism can 
                         be expected. The serious periods should be 
                         devoted to practical thinking. Each of us 
                         has the full cooperation of the planets at 
                         this time and results are of our own mak- 
                         ing. This is the best week generally we 
                         have had in some time. There is a New 
                         Moon Wednesday, April 3rd, at 7:06 a. m.   
                     
                         DAY BY DAY 
                     
                     
                         Hours mentioned are Eastern standard 
                         time  
                     
                         Saturday, 
                         March 
                         30th  
                     
                         The day begins harmoniously, 
                         and the mind will be in good 
                         working order. Expect an ac- 
                         tive morning when the writ- 
                         ten and spoken word is im- 
                         portant. The early-afternoon 
                         hours are active, and there 
                         will be minor irritations of no 
                         consequence. The later aft- 
                         ernoon hours are emotional 
                         and pleasure is in order. Do 
                         not tolerate foolish fears at 
                         any period of the day or eve- 
                         ning. Pleasure, recreation and 
                         sentiment will identify the 
                         evening period. 
                     
                     
                         Sunday, 
                         March 
                         31 
                     
                     
                         The morning hours will be 
                         more active than usual for a 
                         Sunday morning. The period 
                         around noon is lethargic, and  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         spiritual and inspirational 
                         ideas are in order. The after- 
                         noon hours bring the mind 
                         into play and the trend will 
                         be active. Between 5:00 and 
                         7:00 p. m. there is an inter- 
                         lude which is serious, and 
                         quiet and deep thought is in 
                         order. Your mind will be 
                         able to take care of details, 
                         and it would be well to make 
                         plans. The later evening 
                         hours are entertaining, ener- 
                         getic, and the undercurrent is 
                         favorable. 
                     
                     
                         Monday, 
                         April 
                         1st  
                     
                         A new business week and a 
                         new month and again we find 
                         the mind and judgment of 
                         major importance. It is an 
                         excellent morning for the 
                         folks engaged in creative, ad- 
                         vertising, and literary work. 
                         It is a very good day, even 
                         though it is divided into 
                         periods which demand practi- 
                         cality and energy in spite of 
                         the feelings. The evening is 
                         favorable, and it would be 
                         well to give serious thought to 
                         financial matters.  
                     
                         Tuesday, 
                         April 
                         2nd 
                     
                     
                         Domestic inharmony will pre- 
                         vail this morning until 8:00 
                         a. m. unless you are careful. 
                         After that you will be active, 
                         and there will be many mat- 
                         ters which will require atten- 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 136 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         tion. With any degree of 
                         thought it should be a satis- 
                         factory business and personal 
                         day and you can expect to 
                         have a light and enjoyable 
                         evening. The main idea about 
                         to-day is that it brings mat- 
                         ters to a climax. Do not 
                         waste your hours, because to- 
                         morrow inaugurates a new cy- 
                         clc and you must be ready 
                         for it. 
                     
                     
                         Wednesday, 
                         April 
                         3rd  
                     
                         There is a New Moon at 7:06 
                         a. m., which begins the new 
                         cycle mentioned yesterday. 
                         The morning hours are har- 
                         monious and pleasant, but 
                         business is in order until noon. 
                         It is a most efficient day and 
                         evening, and you will be able 
                         to accomplish much. Even 
                         though the slight emotional 
                         problems and the pressure of 
                         circumstances are upsetting 
                         and disturbing to your poise, 
                         keep going. Be busy and 
                         utilize all your talents.  
                     
                         Thursday, 
                         April 
                         4th 
                     
                     
                         The waking hours are emo- 
                         tional and there will be do- 
                         mestic problems to handle. 
                         Exciting circumstances can be 
                         expected until noon. Stay on 
                         the job and avoid rashness 
                         and impulsiveness. Consider 
                         no idea which is not in keep- 
                         ing with your program and 
                         treat the superficial happen- 
                         ings this morning as tem- 
                         porary, factors in your life. 
                         The afternoon hours are pleas- 
                         ant and good for social rela- 
                         tions. The evening hours 
                         bring the inclination toward 
                         recreation and enjoyment and 
                         the general trend is favorable.  
                     
                         Friday, 
                         April 
                         5th  
                     
                         Affairs which were started 
                         earlier in the week will en- 
                         gage your attention to-day, 
                         but you will not be able to do 
                         justice to your efficient ideas. 
                         There is too much emotion 
                         and feeling indicated in the 
                         planetary conditions and you 
                         will have to postpone vital 
                         matters until later.  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         IF YOU WERE BORN BETWEEN  
                     
                         March 21st and April 20th 
                         (Aries) 
                     
                     
                         -Aries people born between March 21st 
                         and 27th will have changeable conditions 
                         in connection with finances at this time, but 
                         a readjustment is in order and you should 
                         force issues at this time so that you can 
                         prepare for the future, when conditions be- 
                         come better. If born between April 1st 
                         and 8th, you will have turbulent conditions 
                         in connection with partners and associates, 
                         but there is very little that you can do 
                         about it. Try to maintain your poise and 
                         remember that haste and impulsiveness will 
                         defeat your purpose. This is a favorable 
                         week socially, but you will probably spend 
                         more money than you can afford. If born 
                         between April 12th and 20th, you will be 
                         relieved of some of the turbulent conditions 
                         which have existed in the past and there 
                         will be a chance for you to advance your 
                         interests. This is a good mental week for 
                         the latter group.  
                     
                         April 20th and May 21st 
                         (Taurus) 
                     
                     
                         -Taureans born between April 20th and 
                         25th can expect some of the changes they 
                         have been anticipating. Deal with older 
                         people, reconstruct your lives and see that 
                         there is no debris on hand which will pre- 
                         vent you from accomplishing your goal. It 
                         is a time for forceful action and a deter- 
                         mined program. If born between May 1st 
                         and 10th, you will find your intuition help- 
                         ful at this time, and the week is a pleas- 
                         ant one socially and emotionally. Take 
                         care of your health and avoid excesses, 
                         remembering to be cautious about minor ac- 
                         cidents. If born between May 14th and 
                         21st, you will find discussions and relations 
                         with friends beneficial at this time. Make 
                         decisions and look to the future. You are 
                         relieved of some of the pressure you have 
                         experienced the past few months and even 
                         though your finances are a problem, you 
                         can now proceed with more confidence than 
                         you have been able to exhibit in the past.   
                     
                         May 21st and June 21st 
                         (Gemini) 
                     
                     
                         -Geminians born between May 21st and 
                         26th will have responsibility in business 
                         and will not be able to exert their person- 
                         alities to full extent. Expect changes, hec- 
                         tic circumstances and hard work under lim- 
                         iting conditions. If born between June 1st 
                         and 9th, there will be confusion in the 
                         home and such a pressure of circumstances   
                 
             
             
                 
                 Your Stars And You 137 
                 
                     
                     
                         and events that it will be upsetting. The 
                         current week holds several upsetting in- 
                         terludes. If born between June 15th and 
                         21st, you will have petty annoyances in 
                         business and will be subject to criticism 
                         from the public. Execute your work and 
                         expand your working conditions, but be 
                         careful of the things you say and write, 
                         especially to the boss.  
                     
                         June 21st and July 21st 
                         (Cancer) 
                     
                     
                         -Cancerians born between June 31st and 
                         27th will experience changes in connection 
                         with friends, and there is the necessity to 
                         be serious and do everything which comes 
                         under the heading of duty. Expand your 
                         interests and build new foundations for ef- 
                         ficiency. If born between July 1st and 9th, 
                         you will find your intuition active and there 
                         will be opportunities for enjoyment and 
                         pleasant relations with friends. However, 
                         home conditions will be hectic and some 
                         of the domestic pressure may prevent you 
                         from being as efficient as you desire. If 
                         born between July 14th and 21st, you will 
                         have new opportunities. It is time for ex- 
                         panding your interests and adopting a new 
                         viewpoint. Relations with associates should 
                         be harmonious.  
                     
                         July 21st and August 22nd 
                         (Leo) 
                     
                     
                         -Leo people born between July 21st and 
                         27th will begin to feel the pressure of the 
                         planets; will be restless and will make 
                         minor changes. Conditions connected with 
                         the finances of associates will be restricted 
                         and no immediate solution to the problem 
                         will be reached satisfactorily. If born be- 
                         tween August 2nd and 9th, you will have 
                         a busy emotional life this week, and there 
                         will be moments of personal pleasure. The 
                         undercurrent is energetic and alive, and 
                         vital matters will require attention. If born 
                         between August 14th and 22nd, you will 
                         have your emotions and sentiments stimu- 
                         lated, but concentrated thought will have 
                         to be given to financial affairs. You might 
                         be able to adjust some of the matters which 
                         were delayed, in the past concerning money 
                         which dealt with partners. Much of the 
                         pressure in the lives of the latter group 
                         has been relieved. 
                     
                     
                         August 22nd and September 23rd 
                         (Virgo) 
                     
                     
                         -Virgo people born between August 22nd 
                         and 28th will have changes and some of 
                         their affairs will be satisfactory and some   
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         of them pressing. Matters connected with 
                         partnerships will become a responsibility 
                         and serious thought will be given to asso- 
                         ciations. Desire for readjustment will be 
                         paramount and a feeling of restlessness will 
                         prompt you to make necessary changes. 
                         If born between September 2nd and 9th, 
                         you will be busy and there will be unex- 
                         pected demands on your income. The cur- 
                         rent week is pleasant in many spots and 
                         social affairs will be enjoyable. If born 
                         between September 15th and 23rd, you will 
                         be able to capitalize upon present and past 
                         efforts and any form of creative work will 
                         be satisfying to you. The current week 
                         brings the necessity to make decisions and 
                         there will be petty worries, but you will 
                         find your mind responsive and you will 
                         feel better than you have in the immedi- 
                         ate past.  
                     
                         September 23rd and October 22nd 
                         (Libra) 
                     
                     
                         -Librans born between September 23rd 
                         and 30th will find work and their jobs irk- 
                         some and confining at this time and will 
                         have to undertake added responsibility. It 
                         is no time to change positions and there 
                         may be changes in connection with the 
                         finances of partners and associates. If born 
                         between October 3rd and 10th, you will 
                         feel upset personally and will have to 
                         watch your temper. Give serious thought 
                         to spiritual matters and inward growth and 
                         expect the current week to bring more har- 
                         monious relations with associates. If born 
                         between October 14th and 22nd, you will 
                         have to use your head this week-in con- 
                         nection with work and your job and de- 
                         cisions will have to be made. Petty an- 
                         noyances are only temporary. It is a time 
                         to capitalize upon your talents, expand 
                         your interests, and make every effort to 
                         increase your income.  
                     
                         October 22nd and November 21st 
                         (Scorpio) 
                     
                     
                         -Scorpio people born between October 
                         22nd and 29th will have upheaval and 
                         changes in connection with partners and 
                         associates, but these adjustments will be 
                         favorable to you later in the year. Accept 
                         responsibility, stand on your own feet, do 
                         not be too opinionated, but see that your 
                         own judgment and authority are recognized. 
                         If born between November 3rd and 19th 
                         you will find your intuition increasing, will 
                         recognize opportunities as being at hand 
                         and should use your talents constructively 
                         and diligently. This is a week when pleas-   
                 
             
             
                 
                 138 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         ure and entertainment will be important 
                         to you. If born between November 14th 
                         and 21st, you will find pressure relieved in 
                         comparison to past months and this week 
                         will bring many activities, the need to make 
                         financial decisions, and fresh opportunities. 
                         Everything you do at this time will re- 
                         flect upon your judgment and progress in 
                         the immediate future. Be confident.  
                     
                         November 21st and December 20th 
                         (Sagittarius) 
                     
                     
                         -Sagittarians born between November 
                         21st and 28th will have changes in con- 
                         nection with jobs and duties and adjust- 
                         ments in relation to employees and serv- 
                         ants. Home conditions will be annoying 
                         and there will be domestic pressure. If 
                         born between December 2nd and 9th, you 
                         should be careful about quarreling with 
                         friends. Take your social duties lightly. 
                         Employment conditions should be harmoni- 
                         ous, throughout the current seven days. If 
                         born between December 13th and 20th, 
                         you will have annoyances and petty wor- 
                         ries in the home and with domestic asso- 
                         ciates at this time, but personal reactions 
                         will be pleasant and more satisfactory than 
                         usual. Relations with those on the out- 
                         side will please you more than those im- 
                         mediately connected with your life.  
                     
                         December 20th and January 19th 
                         (Capricorn) 
                     
                     
                         -Capricornians born between December 
                         20th and 27th will find stability entering 
                         their lives and changes are in order. Ad- 
                         justments are advisable. Conditions can 
                         be made better for you than they have 
                         in the immediate past. Most of the favor- 
                         able results depend upon your own efforts. 
                         If born between January 1st and 8th, you 
                         will have a satisfactory social week, will 
                         find your intuition helpful, should not in- 
                         dulge yourself emotionally, but will have 
                         many pleasant experiences with those close 
                         to your heart. Upsetting conditions and 
                         the pressure of circumstances will invade 
                         the serenity of your business relations and 
                         care should be exerted in all dealings with 
                         those in superior positions. If born between 
                         January 12th and 19th, you will find your 
                         judgment good this week and decisions 
                         should be made. Relations with friends 
                         will be pleasing and contacts should be- 
                         made which are valuable to your interests.   
                     
                         January 19th and February 19th 
                         (Aquarius) 
                     
                     
                         -Aquarians born between January 19th 
                         and 26th will experience changes and re-   
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         movals in connection with home, property 
                         and possessions. It is advisable to under- 
                         take a new regime and accept responsibility. 
                         There is pressure and a different kind of 
                         recognition of duty expected of you than 
                         you had the past two years. You will not 
                         be able to adjust matters to your com- 
                         plete satisfaction and you will have to work 
                         hard at all times. If born between Feb- 
                         ruary 1st and 9th, you will be busy and 
                         will have to stay close to your job and 
                         duties, but there will be opportunities for 
                         pleasure during the current week. If born 
                         between February 12th and 19th, some of 
                         the pressure will be relieved at this time 
                         and you can plan to expand in business 
                         and reestablish yourself in the public eye. 
                         You will have to make decisions this week 
                         in regard to your income and will find your 
                         mind responsive.  
                     
                         February 19th and March 21st 
                         (Pisces) 
                     
                     
                         -Pisceans born between February 19th 
                         and 27th will be more serious and deliber- 
                         ate at this time, but will be restless and 
                         will see the advisability of reorganizing 
                         their lives. Do not procrastinate and do not 
                         be morbid. Work and recognize new op- 
                         portunities and make this a constructive 
                         period in your life. If born between March 
                         2nd and 9th, you will have to be careful in 
                         dealing with partners and associates and 
                         must be patient with the uncertain and 
                         confusing factors in this direction. Your 
                         personal reactions will be pleasant this 
                         week and many phases of your life will be 
                         enjoyable. If born between March 14th 
                         and 21st, you will feel in an expansive 
                         mood this week and will be able to enjoy 
                         yourself and handle affairs efficiently. Do 
                         not devote too much time to recreation if 
                         it interferes with your program. and your 
                         advancement. 
                     
                     
                         THE STAR QUESTION BOX 
                     
                     
                         Miss E. M. P., born July 10, 1913, Con- 
                         necticut, 7:00 a. m.: Astrology can tell, 
                         you only the planetary conditions, and how 
                         you will be inclined. The will to do and 
                         how you take advantage of opportunities is 
                         up to you. I can see from your chart that 
                         it is difficult for you to make definite de- 
                         cisions and act upon your ideas. You have 
                         the capacity to do great things with your- 
                         self, but I believe your uncertain tempera-  
                 
             
             
                 
                 Your Stars And You 139 
                 
                     
                     
                         ment, vacillation, and sensitivity are handi- 
                         caps. You are intelligent, energetic, and 
                         have good basic judgment. Now, you have 
                         the cooperation of the planets for the next 
                         two years. You should make changes and 
                         accept opportunities, the first of which will 
                         probably come your way in the early 
                         spring. Act with more confidence. Seek 
                         opportunities. Expand your personality 
                         and make new contacts. Conditions in 
                         your home will not be entirely satisfactory, 
                         but that should be a separate part of your 
                         existence which has nothing to do with 
                         your material advancement. Be wise and 
                         progressive. 
                     
                     
                         "Star Dust," born February 4, 1916, 
                         Maine, 10:50 p. m. Sorry, but I do not 
                         omit birth dates, except in unusual cases. 
                         Your chart does not correspond with that 
                         of the man you mention and I advise a 
                         permanent break. There is a lack of sym- 
                         pathy between you and there is no doubt 
                         but that you will find some one who will 
                         appeal to you more than the current heart 
                         interest. There is a definite break coming 
                         shortly, anyway, and changes in many 
                         directions. I do not advise you to become 
                         serious with any one of the opposite sex 
                         for about three years- meaning marriage, 
                         of course. Do not forget there is a time 
                         and place for everything under the sun. 
                         Write to me again. 
                     
                     
                         Miss M. L. L., born March 8, 1917, In- 
                         diana, 3:45 a. m.: It appears very likely 
                         to me that marriage is in store for you 
                         folks late this summer. The two charts 
                         harmonize and you have much in common. 
                         Affairs in general will improve for both of 
                         you and even though the economic problem 
                         injects itself and you think there should 
                         be a postponement, I advise you to pro- 
                         ceed with your plans, if possible. 
                     
                     
                         Mr. C. F. W., born January 18, 1912, 
                         Ohio, about 4:00 a. m.: There is no doubt 
                         about your having artistic talent but I am 
                         sorry that you spent your money on a 
                         correspondence course. I feel as if you 
                         should have had the benefit of class work 
                         and a personal teacher. It so happens that 
                         I recall the marvelous art institution in 
                         your town and I advise you to consult an 
                         expert. Make no change in your plans be- 
                         cause I feel you have a future in the com- 
                         mercial field. Also, you have just finished 
                         a bad planetary period and I am sure you 
                         will find more encouragement in future 
                         conditions. It will be necessary for you 
                         to stay where you are for the present but   
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         you will have a change the latter part of 
                         the year. 
                     
                     
                         Mrs. A. B., born February 6, 1885, 
                         Arkansas, 2:00 a. m.: It was kind of you 
                         to write me again and I am sorry your 
                         reply has been delayed. Before I answer 
                         your question I wish to urge you to con- 
                         tinue your astrological studies. You will 
                         find it helpful in many ways and your 
                         chart is well adapted to it. There is no 
                         question in my mind about your instinctive 
                         healing ability and inherent knowledge of 
                         medicine. It is too bad you were not able 
                         to study this in your early life and I am 
                         wondering if it would be possible for you 
                         to obtain work of an apprenticeship or 
                         assisting nature in a clinic or institution. 
                         Your intuition is remarkable and you can- 
                         not help from pouring forth your strength 
                         and giving yourself to each and every case. 
                         I would like to see you do something with 
                         this unusual talent. You have been re- 
                         lieved of great pressure in your life which 
                         has continued in one form or another for 
                         about eight years and now is the time for 
                         you to make a concentrated effort to im- 
                         prove your circumstances. Any changes in 
                         the immediate future will be beneficial. 
                         Do not hesitate to associate yourself with 
                         some one else who is established. I believe 
                         this is your best way of becoming better 
                         known. 
                     
                     
                         Mrs. E. B., son born January 31, 1928, 
                         Pennsylvania, 9:00 p. m.: I answered you 
                         previously about your daughter but have 
                         just discovered your second letter about 
                         your son. The answer to your inquiry 
                         about his talent is in the affirmative. You 
                         are fortunate in having such capable, 
                         talented children. Proceed with your plans 
                         for them. 
                     
                     
                         Mr. W. K., born January 16, 1907, Wis- 
                         consin, 11:40 p. m.: It has been impossible 
                         for me to answer your letter before now 
                         and I am sorry for the delay. Due to the 
                         improved planetary conditions you have 
                         had since last fall, I am inclined to think 
                         you have obtained tangible results. It is 
                         difficult for me to tell you specifically 
                         about this examination, because even 
                         though your chart indicates improvement 
                         and fresh opportunities, I do not know just 
                         how your own willingness to benefit by 
                         them has been demonstrated. However, I 
                         want to say that I like your chart. You 
                         have balance, a good mind that likes to 
                         go to the root of matters and your per- 
                         sistent qualities are very strong. You have   
                 
             
             
                 
                 140 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         been operating under limiting influences 
                         since 1928 which became critical in 1930 
                         and 1931. Most of that restriction and 
                         pressure from the planetary rays has been 
                         lifted and you can expect steady improve- 
                         ment in the future. It is a question of 
                         building a new foundation for yourself, so 
                         allow no opportunity to escape and make 
                         every effort to place yourself solidly. You 
                         will have to work hard and assume respon- 
                         sibility, but I believe you will be satisfied, 
                         with results. Best wishes. 
                     
                     
                         Mrs. J.B., born May 25, 1889, place not 
                         stated, 1:00 p. m.: The circumstances be- 
                         tween yourself, and the man you mention 
                         in your letter are clearly indicated in the 
                         two charts. There is an attraction but I 
                         cannot see you feeling anything for him 
                         which is deep and permanent. Neverthe- 
                         less, there is another marriage in your life. 
                         I think you will marry some one later 
                         whom you will like very much probably 
                         in 1937. Do not be hasty about under- 
                         taking the responsibility of his family com- 
                         bined with your own. I believe you would 
                         regret it. 
                     
                     
                         "Noel," born December 25, 1891, 
                         Michigan, 5:00 a. m.: It was kind of you 
                         to write me such a pleasant and frank 
                         letter. I can see from your chart that you 
                         have not had an easy time of it but whom 
                         do you know who has not had his troubles 
                         in the past few years? I can promise you 
                         improved conditions this year and in 1936 
                         even though they will not live up entirely 
                         to your expectations. I hardly know how 
                         to answer you about this man you men- 
                         tion. There is a strong bond between you 
                         and yet your natures are very opposite in 
                         many ways. You have your impulsive 
                         moments, but fundamentally you like 
                         security, quiet and stability and I see noth- 
                         ing in this man's chart which would guar- 
                         antee security. He is clever and intelligent 
                          but does not have the constancy that you 
                         do. Frankly, I do not advise anything of 
                         a permanent nature but feel you would 
                         make fine friends.  
                     
                         MRS. E.B., daughter born July 4, 1927, 
                         Pennsylvania, 8:30 p.m.: Your daughter 
                         is a very emotional type of girl but her 
                         chart indicates exceptional talent for danc-  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         ing. It is fine that you have started her 
                         education along these lines so early in life. 
                         In mentioning her emotional equipment 
                         and her bursts of temperament, I would 
                         say these will increase as she becomes older. 
                         Her chart also shows the ability to imitate 
                         and an inherent sense of showmanship. All 
                         of these qualities will assist her in the 
                         entertainment world later, of course. The 
                         young lady is at a critical stage in her life 
                         as to health (this is true of all children her 
                         age), so I would not push her too much 
                         just at this time. She will have oppor- 
                         tunities during the next three years to ex- 
                         ploit her talents and conditions will im- 
                         prove steadily. I think she should continue 
                         with her piano lessons but suggest that you 
                         concentrate upon her dancing. Her chart 
                         indicates success in connection with motion 
                         pictures, too. 
                     
                     
                         M. W., born April 3, 1914, Iowa, 11:50 
                         a. m.: Proceed with your plans to be an 
                         entertainer. I think you would do well in 
                         that line of endeavor. There is very little 
                         chance that you will marry before 1937. 
                     
                     
                         O. D. M., born June 3, 1900: It was nice 
                         of you to write me and express your appre- 
                         ciation of my reply. I shall be glad to 
                         hear from you again at any time. 
                     
                     
                         WHY QUESTIONS ARE NOT 
                         ANSWERED  
                     
                         Kai does not send answers by mail. 
                     
                     
                         L. E.E. J., March 21, 1890: Your letter 
                         was very vague. What conditions do 
                         you refer to? What did you wish to know 
                         about the man born in October? 
                     
                     
                         "Baby-face," March 20, 1918: I must 
                         have the man's birth data before I can 
                         help you. 
                     
                     
                         Miss F. H. G., October 26, 1906: Your 
                         letter was very vague. What changes do 
                         you refer to?  
                     
                         Miss L. M. B., February 21, 1889: I do 
                         not give complete horoscope readings. If 
                         you will write again, asking one specific 
                         question I will try to help you. 
                     
                 
                 
                     Editor's Note: Questions for this department are answered only through Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine. Each reader
                        is allowed to ask one question. Be sure to give the following data in your letter: date, month, year, and place of birth, the
                        hour of the day or night, if possible, and sex. Address your letters to KAI, care of this magazine, 79 Seventh Avenue, New
                        York, N. Y. 
                 
             
             
                 
                 
                 
                     The Friendliest Corner  
                 
                 
                     By  MARY MORRIS   
                 
                     Miss Morris will help you to 
                     make friends 
                 
                 
                     Miss Mary Morris, who conducts this department, will see to it that you will be able to make friends with other readers,
                        though thousands of miles may separate you. It must be understood that Miss Morris will undertake to exchange letters only
                        between men and men, boys and boys, women and women, girls and girls. All reason- able care will be exercised in the
                        introduction of correspondents. If any unsatisfac- tory letters are received by our readers, the publishers would appreciate
                        their being sent to them. Please sign your name and address when writing. Be sure to inclose forwarding postage when sending
                        letters through The Friendliest Corner, so that mail can be-forwarded. 
                     Address Miss Mary Morris, Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine, 79 Seventh Avenue, New York, N. Y. 
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         THOSE of you who would like 
                         to hear about a country 
                         around which center fascinat- 
                         ing legends that date back to ancient 
                         Aztec Indian days, will surely find 
                         Coah Pal a most interesting cor- 
                         respondent. This twenty-year-old, 
                         happily married American Pal lives 
                         in Mexico. Life never stands still 
                         for her; she makes it go! Write to 
                         her, girls! 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: For a long time I 
                         have wanted to join your Friendliest Cor- 
                         ner. I am a young married woman of 
                         twenty, have no children, and as I am now 
                         living in Mexico, I get very lonesome for 
                         American friends. I have lots of time to 
                         write letters, and much to write about. 
                         Won't some of you girls please answer my 
                         plea and let me hear from you? I can tell 
                         you lots about this country and its legends. 
                         I promise to answer all letters promptly, 
                         Coah Pal. 
                     
                     
                         San Toy is married to a sailor. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I am a young mar- 
                         ried woman of twenty-three. My husband   
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         is a sailor, and I would love to correspond 
                         with other sailors wives and sweethearts. 
                         I'm fond of reading, writing letters, have 
                         traveled in the United States, Mexico, and 
                         Canada, and will be more than glad to ex- 
                         change snapshots and answer all letters re- 
                         ceived. Let's go, Pals! San Toy. 
                     
                     
                         Boys, cheer up Lonely Ben. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: Please let me join 
                         your Friendliest Corner. I'm a boy of 
                         seventeen, have recently lost my father, 
                         and as I have few friends I am very lone- 
                         some. I was born in North Carolina, but 
                         am living in New York City. I'm inter- 
                         tested in fishing, dancing, music, and avia- 
                         tion. I intend to become an aviator one 
                         of these days. I'll appreciate all letters, 
                         and promise prompt replies. 
                         Lonely Ben. 
                     
                     
                         Help her collect pictures of movie 
                         stars. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I'm just another 
                         girl of eighteen looking for Pen Pals. I 
                         have black hair, brown eyes, and love fun 
                         and excitement. I hail from Philadelphia, 
                         but just now I am living in Maryland. I 
                         would like to correspond with girls every-   
                 
             
             
                 
                 142 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         where, and especially those who live in 
                         this State. My favorite hobby is collect- 
                         ing pictures of movie stars. 
                         Marylander. 
                     
                     
                         Ula can talk on almost any sub- 
                         ject. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: Will you please 
                         help me find some Pen Pals? I'm a girl 
                         twenty years of age, live in California, and 
                         would like to hear from girls far and near. 
                         I'm interested in dancing, sewing, reading, 
                         and can talk on almost any subject. I'll 
                         be a sincere friend. Girls, please write to 
                         me. Ula. 
                     
                     
                         She spends her summers in Maine. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I am a girl of 
                         nineteen, and a recent high-school gradu- 
                         ate. I have traveled some, and spend my 
                         summers in Maine. I like to read, dance, 
                         sew, collect souvenirs and photographs of 
                         all kinds, and I also enjoy sports. Girls, 
                         let's get acquainted! Truly Yours. 
                     
                     
                         This'Pal enjoys gay pleasures. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: Please help me find 
                         some Pen Pals. I'm a young man of 
                         twenty-four, very broad-minded, interested 
                         in everything and every one. My main 
                         hobbies are dancing and singing, and I al- 
                         ways enjoy a good show, or a lively radio 
                         program. I would like to hear from Pals 
                         who live on Long Island or in New York. 
                         I promise to answer all letters. Web. 
                     
                     
                         Don't fail to write to Greenfield 
                         Mrs. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I like to write let- 
                         ters and make new friends; and hope that 
                         many who read my plea will not hesitate 
                         to drop me a line. I'm a young married 
                         woman of twenty-six, live in Massachu- 
                         setts, although I was born in New Jersey. 
                         I have two children, and my husband is a 
                         salesman. When he is away, and the chil- 
                         dren are in bed, I have lots of spare time 
                         to write letters. Here's hoping some of 
                         you will not fail to write. 
                         Greenfield Mrs. 
                     
                     
                         A Pen Pal from British Guiana. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: Do you think any 
                         one would care to correspond with a fifteen- 
                         year-old girl living in British Guiana? I 
                         have very few friends and get terribly 
                         lonely. I have black hair, brown eyes, love 
                         to swim, and am considered a good sport.   
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         I'm always jolly and have a good time 
                         wherever I go. I will be glad to exchange 
                         snapshots, and promise prompt replies to 
                         all letters received. Theresia. 
                     
                     
                         Accept Jolly Toots's offer of 
                         friendship. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: May I join your 
                         Corner? I would love to hear from girls 
                         nineteen years of age or older. I am a 
                         girl of nineteen, with brown hair and gray 
                         eyes. I promise to answer all letters, and 
                         will be very glad to tell all about myself 
                         in my first letter. I enjoy dancing, sports, 
                         and making friends. Well, girls, who's go- 
                         ing to write? Jolly Toots. 
                     
                     
                         He's good-natured and congenial. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: May I enter your 
                         Corner with an earnest request for Pen 
                         Pals? I'm a young man in my twenties, 
                         good-natured, congenial, fond of music, art, 
                         and books. I also enjoy sports. I will ex- 
                         change snapshots, and promise faithfully to 
                         answer all letters received. Rayton. 
                     
                     
                         Maris is at home in the kitchen 
                         and garden. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I am a brown-eyed 
                         country girl of twenty-two, enjoy sports, 
                         cooking, baking, and gardening. I am anx- 
                         ious to hear from Pen Pals everywhere, and 
                         especially those living in Wyoming and Ari- 
                         zona. I have my own camera, and prom- 
                         ise to exchange snapshots with any one. I 
                         will answer all letters promptly. 
                         Maris. 
                     
                     
                         Here's a Pal who's interested in 
                         England. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I am a girl almost 
                         twenty years of age, interested in books, 
                         pets, dancing, and traveling. I would love 
                         to visit England, but since that is not pos- 
                         sible, perhaps some English girl who reads 
                         this will drop me a line. However, that 
                         does not mean I will not enjoys hearing 
                         from girls everywhere. I will gladly ex- 
                         change snapshots. So come on, Pals, and 
                         let's get acquainted. Evlynn. 
                     
                     
                         Find out more about this friendly 
                         Pal. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I would like to 
                         correspond with Pen Pals far and near. 
                         I'm a young married woman of twenty- 
                         three, will exchange snapshots and promise   
                 
             
             
                 
                 The Friendliest Corner 143 
                 
                     
                     
                         to answer all letters received. I'll tell you 
                         all about myself in my first letter, Pals, 
                         so don't hesitate to write. Tinky. 
                     
                     
                         Fennimore is an advanced student 
                         in music and art. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I'm a boy of not 
                         quite sixteen, have brown hair, hazel eyes, 
                         and am five feet six inches tall. My chief 
                         interests are swimming, diving, football, 
                         tennis, riding, and life-saving. I am also 
                         an advanced student in music and art. 
                         Write to me, fellows. I will exchange snap- 
                         shots and promise prompt replies. 
                         Fennimore. 
                     
                     
                         This Nova Scotia Pal loves to 
                         make friends. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: May I hope to 
                         hear from Pals everywhere? I am a girl 
                         of twenty-two, live in Nova Scotia, and 
                         love to make friends. I am interested in 
                         skating, dancing, movies, and reading. I 
                         have had a few rather interesting adven- 
                         tures, and can tell you all about Nova 
                         Scotia. I'll exchange snapshots and poems. 
                         Pals, please don't disappoint me! 
                         Ruoda E. 
                     
                     
                         Keystone Lois has musical ability. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: Please print my 
                         plea for Pen Pals. I'm a girl of eighteen, 
                         a high-school graduate, and as I have a 
                         position which takes me away from my 
                         home town I get very lonesome. I would 
                         like to hear from girls everywhere. I en- 
                         joy reading, French, athletics, collect 
                         stamps, and can play several musical in- 
                         struments. Girls, write to a true friend. 
                          Keystone Lois. 
                     
                     
                         A call for good, sensible Pals. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I would like to 
                         correspond with married Pals and single 
                         girls between thirty and forty years of age, 
                         and especially those who are not man- 
                         crazy. Although I'm not a man hater, and 
                         am married myself; I don't like to hear 
                         girls, raving about every man they meet. 
                         I am thirty-one, good-natured, friendly, and 
                         my hobby is reading. I'll be waiting to 
                         hear from you, girls. Roxy. 
                     
                     
                         Boys, you'll find Miami Q, con- 
                         genial and understanding. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I'm a young man 
                         of twenty-three, five feet ten inches tall, 
                         with blue eyes and light-brown hair. I am   
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         considered very understanding and con- 
                         genial. I would like to hear from Pals 
                         from Texas, Arizona, New Mexico, and 
                         California. Of course, every one is wel- 
                         come, and I promise to answer all letters 
                         Miami Q. 
                     
                     
                         Her chief hobby is writing letters. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I am an auburn- 
                         haired, blue-eyed girl of twenty, a junior 
                         at college, and my pet hobby is writing long 
                         letters. I would love to correspond with 
                         girls far and near, and will send a snap- 
                         shot to the first five Pals who write to me. 
                         Jeanshirley.  
                     
                         Girls, get together with Bingee. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: Please print my 
                         plea in your Corner. I am a young Italian 
                         girl of nineteen, enjoy reading, hiking, and 
                         writing long, newsy letters. My hobby 
                         is collecting poems. I live in New York 
                         State, and can write lots of interesting 
                         things. Won't you Pals try me? 
                         Bingee. 
                     
                     
                         Cantonette will appreciate your 
                         letters. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I am a tall, slim 
                         blonde, eighteen years of age, enjoy danc- 
                         ing, reading, swimming, and drawing. I 
                         will be very glad to exchange snapshots 
                         with girls everywhere. My mother is dead, 
                         and I am the oldest girl at home. I keep 
                         house for the rest of the family, but have 
                         lots of time for writing letters. Won't some 
                         of you Pen Pals please write to me? I'll 
                         appreciate your letters. Cantonette. 
                     
                     
                         Bern is a good sport. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I'm another lone- 
                         some young fellow looking for Pen Pals. 
                         I am nineteen years of age, considered a 
                         good sport, and enjoy receiving and writing 
                         letters. Come on, fellows, let's see what 
                         we have in common. I have plenty of 
                         time to answer every one of you. Bern.   
                     
                         A peppy young Minnesota Pal. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: Does any one want 
                         a peppy Pal who will answer all letters 
                         promptly, and who has lots of interesting 
                         things to talk about? I am a girl of eight- 
                         een, with brown hair and blue eyes. I like 
                         to read, am interested in music, sports, and 
                         especially swimming. I'm hoping to hear 
                         from true-blue Pals everywhere. Come on, 
                         girls, tell me all about yourselves. I live in 
                         Minneapolis. Owatonna.  
                 
             
             
                 
                 144 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         An invitation for every one.  
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I'm a Chicago girl 
                         of nineteen, love to write letters, and prom- 
                         ise prompt replies. I have golden-brown 
                         hair, brown eyes, and am crazy about 
                         dancing and swimming. Won't some one 
                         have pity on a lonely girl and drop her a 
                         line? Girls, please consider this as an invi- 
                         tation for every one of you. 
                         Chi Annie. 
                     
                     
                         Here's a Pal for you younger girls. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I am a young 
                         Filipina girl of sixteen looking for Pen Pals. 
                         I am a senior at high school, crazy about 
                         movies, reading, painting, writing letters, 
                         swimming, dancing, and riding a bicycle. 
                         I want to hear from girls everywhere, re- 
                         gardless of age or nationality. Girls, won't 
                         you get busy and write to me? 
                         Tropical Star.  
                     
                         Six feet of friendship. 
                     
                     
                         DEAR Miss Morris: I hope you will 
                         help me find a few Pen Pals. I am a 
                         young man twenty-two years of age, six 
                         feet tall, with brown, wavy hair and gray 
                         eyes. I enjoy, all kinds of sports, and es- 
                         pecially swimming. I want to hear from 
                         fellows everywhere, and promise to answer 
                         all letters promptly. Won't you fellows 
                         give me a break? I'm sure you won't 
                         regret writing to me. Zang. 
                     
                     
                         Who'll write to this lonely 
                         farmerette? 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I am a girl of 
                         twenty, and feel very friendless at this 
                         time because I have recently lost my best 
                         pal. I am living on a farm many miles 
                         from the city, but I manage to keep up 
                         with current events, as I am interested in 
                         every one and everything. Won't all you 
                         Pals, young and old, married and single, 
                         please let me be your friend? Avella. 
                     
                     
                         She has a weakness for Western 
                         Pals. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: . Please, won't you 
                         make room for me? I am a girl of twenty, 
                         with a. weakness for Western Pen' Pals. 
                         Of course, I would like to receive, letters 
                         - from'all over the world, so I hope the rest 
                         of you girls will not be discouraged. I m 
                         fond of cooking, reading, and writing let- 
                         ters. , I am also'an enthusiastic movie fan, 
                         and collect pictures of screen stars.. I will 
                         exchange, snapshots. Sarie. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Let this Canadian Pal tell you 
                         about her travels. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I am sending an 
                         S 0 S to Pals all over the world. I am a 
                         Jewish girl of twenty-eight, considered 
                         good-looking, enjoy all sports, and have 
                         traveled in the United States. At present 
                         my home is in Canada. Come on, all you 
                         Pals, and don't disappoint me. I am look- 
                         ing forward to receiving loads of letters. 
                         My friends call me Annie Rooney. 
                     
                     
                         Who'll write to this student of 
                         drama? 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I am a young man 
                         in my late twenties, a university graduate, 
                         interested in all worth-while things, and 
                         friendship in particular. I have studied 
                         drama at a famous school, traveled exten- 
                         sively, am broad-minded, congenial, and 
                         letter writing is my pet hobby. I would 
                         enjoy corresponding with Pals who are not 
                         girl-crazy. Come on, fellows, and drop me 
                         a line. Brian. 
                     
                     
                         Two lonesome girls. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: We are two girls 
                         fifteen and sixteen years of age. Because 
                         of poor health we both had to quit school, 
                         and now we get very lonesome. We would 
                         love to hear from girls who live in the 
                         good old West, but will answer all letters 
                         received, and hope girls from far and near 
                         will not hesitate to answer our plea: 
                         Lorry and Ellen. 
                     
                     
                         He's all alone in a big city 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I am a young man 
                         of twenty-eight, and all alone in a big 
                         city. Needless to say, I am lonely, and 
                         would like to hear from young men of any 
                         age who appreciate real friendship. I en- 
                         joy the theater, literature, music, and 
                         sports. Won't some of you fellows take a 
                         chance and drop me a line? I'm sure you 
                         won't be disappointed. Cinti Jack. 
                     
                     
                         Pals, help cheer up this lonely 
                         Maine Pal. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: Here's an S O S 
                         for Pen Pals everywhere. I am a girl of 
                         twenty-two, five feet five inches tall, enjoy 
                         sports, and love to dance. At present I am 
                         not working, and time hangs heavy on 
                         my hands. I will exchange snapshots, and 
                         hope to hear from girls all over the world. 
                         I promise to answer all letters received. 
                         I live in Maine. Twin.  
                 
                 LS 9F 
             
             
                 
                 The Friendliest Corner 145 
                 
                     
                     
                         She's a prompt correspondent. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I would very much 
                         like to hear from Pen Pals everywhere. I 
                         am a girl of twenty-two, with black hair 
                         and eyes. I like to dance, swim, and play 
                         tennis. I promise to answer all letters on 
                         time, so won't some of you please write? 
                         Jester. 
                     
                     
                         Let her tell you about her wed- 
                         ding plans. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I am a blue-eyed 
                         stenographer of twenty-two, interested in 
                         baseball, basket ball, hockey, polo, and all 
                         other outdoor sports. I also enjoy read- 
                         ing, movies, and music. I am engaged and 
                         expect to be married in the fall. I prom- 
                         ise to answer all letters as interestingly as 
                         I can. Patsyruth. 
                     
                     
                         A peppy high-school senior. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morhis: I am a girl of sev- 
                         enteen, considered good-looking, and easy 
                         to get along with. My favorite sports are   
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         hiking, horseback riding, swimming, danc- 
                         ing, and I like plenty of fun. I'm a peppy, 
                         lively high-school senior. Come on, girls, 
                         and let me hear from you. I will exchange 
                         snapshots. Dimples of Tennessee. 
                     
                     
                         All you older readers, write to 
                         Kingsville Pal. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I am sure there 
                         are many older readers who are looking 
                         for Pen Pals. I am a woman of forty- 
                         three, fond of pets, trees, flowers, and 
                         camping, and would very much enjoy cor- 
                         responding with Pals around my age or 
                         older. Won't some of you please write? 
                         Prompt replies are guaranteed. 
                         Kingsville Pal. 
                     
                     
                         Let him tell you about his stage 
                         experiences. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I would appreci- 
                         ate it if you would help me find a few con- 
                         genial Pen Pals. I'm a young man twenty 
                         years of age, interested in dancing, skating, 
                         and am not very fond of girls. I have had   
                 
                 
                     The most imitated of ALL! 
                     Street &amp; Smith's Detective Story Magazine 
                     twice a month at all news stands 15c 
                 
             
             
                 
                 146 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         considerable stage experience, as I am a tap 
                         dancer. Fellows, please drop me a line. 
                         I'll answer all letters received. Perry. 
                     
                     
                         Ethyl lives near a large Canadian 
                         city. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I have never had 
                         a Pen Pal, so won't some of you girls please 
                         write to this Canadian girl, of nineteen? 
                         The town I live in is located on Lake On- 
                         tario, and isn't far from Toronto. I am in- 
                         terested in dancing, skating, swimming, and 
                         crazy about reading. I would be delighted 
                         to hear from girls far and near. Ethyl. 
                     
                     
                         Life doesn't bore this Pal. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: May another 
                         lonely girl of twenty-one enter your Cor- 
                         ner? I enjoy all sports, and get a real 
                         thrill out of just being alive. I have black 
                         hair, blue eyes, and a happy disposition. 
                         I like to make friends, go to parties, and 
                         always manage to enjoy myself. I'll answer 
                         all letters, and hope to hear from every 
                         Pal who reads my plea. Ola Mae. 
                     
                     
                         A radio, opera, and movie fan. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: Won't some one 
                         please take notice of my plea for Pen 
                         Pals and write to me? I am a peppy 
                         girl of seventeen, and the fact that I live 
                         in the city does not prevent me from be- 
                         ing lonesome. I am crazy about receiving 
                         and writing letters, and my other hobbies 
                         are reading, radio, movies, and the opera. 
                         I promise faithfully to answer all letters 
                         received. Anxious Alyce. 
                     
                     
                         Boys, here's a real Pal for you. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I am a young man 
                         of twenty-four, and greatly interested in 
                         music and literature. I am all alone in a 
                         strange city, and completely without, 
                         friends. I'll gladly exchange snapshots, as 
                         photography is one of the hobbies I really 
                         enjoy. Won't some of you fellows please 
                         write? I'll surely answer. N. C. L. 
                     
                     
                         This Pal enjoys mystery stories. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I am a lonely girl 
                         of twenty-two, enjoy movies, mystery 
                         stories, and love to write long letters. I 
                         would especially like to correspond with 
                         girls who live in the West, but every one 
                         is welcome, and I'll answer all letters re- 
                         ceived. I will also exchange snapshots and 
                         picture post cards. Girls, please don't pass 
                         me by. Etten. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Three Pals at a throw. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: We are three 
                         happy-go-lucky girls between seventeen 
                         and twenty years of age, interested in 
                         sports, especially dancing and swimming. 
                         We would love to correspond with Pals 
                         who live in the South, and those who hail 
                         from California, although we promise to 
                         answer all letters, and will exchange snap- 
                         shots. Come on, girls; let's get acquainted! 
                         Jerrie, Tonie, and Terrie. 
                     
                     
                         Write to her about your beauty 
                         problems. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: Please publish my 
                         plea for Pen Pals. I am a lively girl of 
                         twenty-two, live in Canada, and own a 
                         beauty shop. I have traveled quite a bit, 
                         and can promise some very interesting let- 
                         ters. I would like to hear from Pals every- 
                         where, and especially from California. Girls, 
                         won't you try me? Doctor Ann. 
                     
                     
                         This Pal is musically inclined. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I'm a young man 
                         in my early twenties, enjoy books, shows, 
                         dancing, and music. I would appreciate 
                         hearing from Pals between twenty and 
                         thirty years' of age. I am living in South 
                         Carolina, and hope to visit New York this 
                         summer. Won't some of you fellows every- 
                         where drop me a few lines? Prompt replies 
                         are guaranteed. Nate 
                     
                     
                         Dobby is good-natured and 
                         friendly. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Misa Morris: Here's another 
                         good-natured and friendly Pen Pal of eight- 
                         een with lots of time on her hands. Won't 
                         some of you girls please write to me? I 
                         like sports, dancing, and although I do not 
                         attend college, most of my friends do. I 
                         would like to hear from Pals between eight- 
                         een and twenty-five. No matter where you 
                         live, girls, I promise speedy replies. 
                          Dobby  
                     
                         Hoping is ambitious for a movie 
                         career. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I'm a lonely girl 
                         of seventeen, enjoy sports, dancing, movies, 
                         and making friends. I'm a junior at high 
                         school, and greatly interested in the pro- 
                         duction of moving pictures. In fact, I 
                         have high hopes of becoming a movie 
                         actress some day. I will be glad to ex- 
                         change snapshots, and guarantee an answer 
                         to every letter received. Hoping.  
                 
             
             
                 
                 The Friendliest Corner 147 
                 
                     
                     
                         Girls, Blue-eyed Mary will appre- 
                         ciate your letters. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I am a lonely girl 
                         of twenty-two, five feet two inches tall, 
                         have blue eyes, and a jolly disposition. I 
                         like outdoor sports, making friends, and 
                         promise faithfully to answer all letters re- 
                         ceived. I will gladly exchange snapshots, 
                         and hope to hear from girls far and near, 
                         and of any age. I live in Philadelphia. 
                         Blue-eyed Mary.  
                     
                         No matter what your interests, 
                         boys, you'll find Vick a congenial 
                         Pal. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I'm a young fel- 
                         low of almost twenty, interested in many 
                         things, but specialize in aviation, amateur 
                         photography, and movies. I like writing 
                         letters, and hope to hear from boys far 
                         and near, regardless of their hobbies. I'll 
                         exchange snapshots, and promise to answer 
                         all letters received. Boys, here's hoping 
                         I'll hear from all of you soon. Vick.   
                     
                         She gets a lot of fun out of life. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I am looking for 
                         single Pen Pals between seventeen and 
                         twenty-one years of age. I am a girl of 
                         eighteen, have recently graduated from 
                         high school, like to read, write, dance, sing, 
                         and usually manage to get a lot of fun out 
                         of life. I have a few hobbies, but my fa- 
                         vorite one is to write and receive long, 
                         chummy letters. So come on, all you gals 
                         everywhere, and send me a letter. I live in 
                         the old Bay State, Massachusetts. 
                         Manya. 
                     
                     
                         A brother and sister. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: We would like to 
                         join your Corner and get many Pen Pals 
                         from everywhere. We are a brother and 
                         sister, age seventeen and nineteen, live in 
                         New Jersey, and like to write letters. We 
                         enjoy dancing, outdoor sports, and will 
                         gladly exchange photographs and snapshots. 
                         Come on, boys and girls, and let's get to- 
                         gether. We'll be waiting to hear from you. 
                         Marge and Martin. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         From the land of bagpipes and 
                         kilts. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I can't tell you 
                         how wonderful it would be for me if I 
                         could correspond with Pen Pals everywhere. 
                         I'm a girl of almost sixteen, live in Scot- 
                         land, am fond of sports, dancing, music, 
                         and like fun and gayety. I am especially 
                         keen about swimming and skating. I have 
                         blue eyes, light hair, and am considered a 
                         good sport. I will answer all letters. 
                         Nan of Greenock. 
                     
                     
                         He wants to tell you about his 
                         travels. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: It has always been 
                         my ambition to write to Pals far and near. 
                         I have traveled some, and intend to travel 
                         some more, so perhaps I would be an in- 
                         teresting correspondent. I'm a young man 
                         of twenty-three, and easy to get along with. 
                         I have lots of time for writing letters, and 
                         hope many of you Pals will not hesitate to 
                         let me hear from you. Stevens. 
                     
                     
                         She's looking for something to fill 
                         her time. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: I am a very lone- 
                         some girl of sixteen. I hardly know what 
                         to do with my time, now that I no longer 
                         go to school. I would certainly appreciate 
                         hearing from girls everywhere, and promise 
                         to answer all letters. I am a tall blonde, 
                         love music, horseback riding, ball games, 
                         and reading. I am also fond of pets, and 
                         especially cats. Please write to me, some 
                         one. Bella. 
                     
                     
                         Ohio Floyd is not a ladies man. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Miss Morris: Could you find 
                         space in your Corner for my letter? I 
                         would like to hear from young men every- 
                         where, regardless of age. I'm a young fel- 
                         low of twenty-one, not exactly a ladies 
                         man, can play the piano, and my favorite 
                         hobby is composing music. I guarantee an 
                         answer to every letter, so won't some of you 
                         fellows write to me? I'm sure you won't 
                         find your time wasted. Ohio Floyd.  
                 
             
             
                 
                 
                 
                     THE FRIEND IN NEED 
                 
                 Department Conducted  by  Laura Alston Brown  
                 
                 
                     Well-known Authority on Love and Marriage 
                     Mrs.Brown will be glad to solve in these pages problems, on which you desire advice. Your letters will be regarded
                        confidentially and signatures will be withheld. 
                     Although Mrs. Brown receives more letters than she can possibly print in the department, she answers all the others by mail.
                        So, lay your problem before her with the knowledge that it will have her full attention. 
                     Address Mrs. Laura Alston Brown, Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine, 79 Seventh Avenue, New York, N. Y. 
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         THERE are many likable young 
                         young men with adequate 
                         incomes who could take 
                         romance seriously and make the 
                         girl they marry happy. But it 
                         would seem that these light-hearted 
                         young men prefer the flashy type of 
                         girl, and apparently ignore the 
                         home-loving, quiet girl who would 
                         make an ideal wife. 
                     
                     
                         A girl would have to have plenty 
                         of courage to marry a man who con- 
                         siders existence a giddy round of 
                         good times, and who does not realize 
                         that life and love have a finer, 
                         deeper meaning, far more important 
                         than any light-hearted gayeties of 
                         the moment. 
                     
                     
                         Roberta is in love with one of 
                         these flighty young men, and won- 
                         ders whether any girl has a chance 
                         to be happy with a playboy.  
                     
                         Dear Mrs. Brown: I am a girl of 
                         twenty-one, well educated, and although 
                         my father has a good business, I have a 
                         job as assistant to an interior decorator. 
                         I like to be busy and feel a little useful.  
                     
                     
                         I am considered fairly good-looking, en- 
                         joy good times, sports, and have many 
                         friends. I suppose I ought to be quite 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         happy, but the truth is that I am miser- 
                         able. 
                     
                     
                         You see, I'm in love with a young man 
                         of twenty-five who is of the irresponsible, 
                         playboy type. He comes from a good 
                         family, has always had enough money to 
                         do as he liked, and is quite handsome. 
                     
                     
                         Like many young men of his type, he is 
                         never serious. The more girl friends he 
                         dates, the merrier. Most of them are giddy 
                         flappers who should know better than to 
                         fritter their time away on a young fellow 
                         who will never offer them marriage. 
                     
                     
                         About five months ago he went on a wild 
                         ride in his car. There were three fellows 
                         and four girls in the party. Evidently they 
                         had had too much liquid cheer, and they 
                         had a smashed car before they knew it. 
                         Fortunately, no one was seriously hurt. 
                         Since then Phil has quieted down some- 
                         what, and promised to really behave. 
                     
                     
                         We have been dating steady twice a 
                         week for about two months. My parents 
                         like him a lot, and as for me, I'm des- 
                         perately in love with him. But how can a 
                         girl trust a boy like that? And if mar- 
                         riage does come along, would he stay put? 
                         It's hard for me to believe that an easy- 
                         going, lively young man like Phil is likely 
                         to really settle down. 
                     
                     
                         I have often entertained the thought that 
                         as soon as this last escapade of his is for- 
                         gotten, he will start chasing other girls 
                         again. Do you think I could trust him 
                         to be true to me? 
                     
                     
                         I wonder if other readers have had a 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 The Friend In Need 149 
                 
                     
                     
                         problem like mine? And if so, I would 
                         more than appreciate it if they would 
                         write in and tell me what they would do 
                         if they were in my place. 
                     
                     
                         Phil has asked me to marry him at the 
                         end of the year, but as yet I have not 
                         promised because I think it will do him 
                         good to be kept guessing. We are wonder- 
                         ful friends, and get along fine. My par- 
                         ents say it's up to me. Roberta. 
                     
                     
                         When it comes to marriage, my 
                         dear, one can never actually predict 
                         what the future will bring. How- 
                         ever, a girl can tell fairly well what 
                         stuff the young man is made of from 
                         close association with him and his 
                         family. 
                     
                     
                         Many a young man with plenty 
                         of spending money and very little 
                         restraint is apt to go in for more 
                         freedom than is good for him. But 
                         it is not proof that he can never 
                         settle down and make a dependable 
                         husband. On the other hand, there 
                         are young men who are apparently 
                         unable to take life and love seri- 
                         ously. They are always in a rush 
                         and think they are having a wonder- 
                         ful time, although the fact is that 
                         they seldom find real happiness. 
                     
                     
                         If you and Phil really love each 
                         other, you might give him the bene- 
                         fit of the doubt, and a year or so in 
                         which to prove that he means to 
                         keep his word about settling down. 
                         By the end of that time you should 
                         be reasonably sure whether Phil has 
                         a wabbly backbone, or if he can be 
                         relied upon. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Mrs. Brown: I am a girl of 
                         eighteen, and have been going with a young 
                         man for almost two years. He tells me 
                         that he cares for me deeply, and always in- 
                         sists on talking about the things we will do 
                         after we are married. 
                     
                     
                         However, I cannot say that I care for 
                         him in any other way except as a friend. 
                         I have thought of married life with him, 
                         and find that I would not be at all happy. 
                         I know I can never learn to love him. 
                     
                     
                         I have tried many times to break with 
                         him, but he always puts me off, saying, 
                         that a girl of eighteen is too young to   
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         know what she wants, and that I would be 
                         sorry if I ever broke with him. 
                     
                     
                         But I don't think he is right. I know 
                         that if I were in love with him I would 
                         be happy when we are together. 
                     
                     
                         Perhaps you will think I am young and 
                         silly, but this boy and I are so different 
                         from each other. He has lived in the city 
                         only about five years, and doesn't like it 
                         much. He sees absolutely no sense in 
                         dancing, parties, and other ways of enjoy- 
                         ing oneself. It seems I like all the things 
                         he doesn't care for. 
                     
                     
                         Please advise me what to do. Don't you 
                         think I should drop him and have a chance 
                         to meet other young men, and find a boy 
                         I could love? Alicia. 
                     
                     
                         You may be young, dear, but 
                         hardly silly. It is easy to under- 
                         stand that, any young man in love 
                         would not like the idea of giving up 
                         the girl in question. But surely he 
                         cannot be so blind as to refuse to 
                         realize that one-sided loves bring 
                         only unhappiness, and that sooner 
                         or later a break is inevitable? 
                     
                     
                         I'm sure we, sympathize with 
                         him; but at the same time, it seems 
                         pointless on his part to try to force 
                         himself upon you, when the whole 
                         thing causes you so much distress. 
                         Try again, and this time be more 
                         firm. Tell him kindly but definitely 
                         that you are sure you cannot return 
                         his affection, and that it would be 
                         for his own good for you to part. If 
                         he should wish to see you sometimes 
                         as a friend, it will be up to him. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Mrs. Brown: I am twenty years 
                         old. I married a little over two years ago. 
                         My husband is not quite three years older 
                         than I. During the time we were going 
                         together we never went many places. Since 
                         we have been married it is more or less 
                         the same way. 
                     
                     
                         Sometimes one would think my husband 
                         was forty, the way he wants to stay home 
                         nights. Sunday is about the only day we 
                         go anywhere.  
                     
                         My husband doesn't care for shows, danc- 
                         ing, or any kind of sports, except hunting. 
                         I never go with him then because he al- 
                         ways takes a group of men along. 
                     
                     
                         I enjoy shows, dancing, and all kinds of 
                         sports, especially swimming and horseback   
                 
             
             
                 
                 150 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         riding. My husband seems to think these 
                         things are rather foolish, though I don't 
                         see why. I knew before we were married 
                         that he cared very little for the things I 
                         like, but hardly thought about it. 
                     
                     
                         Then there is another problem which I 
                         have tried to combat. If we are out riding 
                         with another couple, and, are having a good 
                         time, it generally ends up with my hus- 
                         band's getting drunk, and spoiling what lit- 
                         tle fun I manage to have. I have tried 
                         drinking with him, thinking maybe he 
                         wouldn't drink so much, but it only made 
                         matters worse. 
                     
                     
                         He makes a good salary, and we have a 
                         car. We could afford to have a good time 
                         together and be fine companions if he would 
                         only be more agreeable. I love him dearly, 
                         and he is as good to me as any husband 
                         can be in other ways than those I men- 
                         tioned. 
                         Mrs. Brown, is there any way I could 
                         get him to take me out more and enjoy, 
                         the things I do? I have tried everything 
                         I know, even to talking it over with him, 
                         but it doesn't seem to do any good. I 
                         know he loves me, but I don't understand 
                         why he can't quit drinking and be a real 
                         companion. 
                     
                     
                         I will appreciate any suggestion you 
                         make. Unhappy Wife. 
                     
                     
                         Being married to a man who does 
                         not care for any of the simple 
                         pleasures his wife enjoys would be 
                         hard on any woman. It would seem 
                         only logical to suppose that if your 
                         husband loves you, and knows his 
                         drinking makes you so unhappy, an 
                         appeal to the affectionate side of his 
                         nature would encourage him to be 
                         more moderate. 
                     
                     
                         To be fair, of course, you must 
                         consider the fact that he is good to 
                         you in other ways, as you say. 
                         Wouldn't it be possible for you to 
                         enjoy with a girl friend some of the 
                         sports you like? And although your 
                         husband dislikes dancing, it ought 
                         not to be difficult for you to arrange 
                         informal parties at your home every 
                         now and then, and dance to your 
                         heart's content. 
                     
                     
                         Every husband should make an 
                         effort to join in at least some of the 
                         social activities his wife enjoys, if  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         the marriage is to be a happy one. 
                         Husbands should avoid making it 
                         necessary for their wives to coax and 
                         flatter them into doing things! 
                     
                     
                         Dear Mrs. Brown: When I was fifteen 
                         years old, I was obliged to plan my wed- 
                         ding rather hurriedly. My husband was 
                         five years older than I, but we were very 
                         much in love with each other. 
                     
                     
                         My mother, was dead, and until I got 
                         married I kept house for my father. How- 
                         ever, my husband's parents wanted us to 
                         live with them, and although I didn't want 
                         to, I gave in. At that time my mother-in- 
                         law was running a rooming house. 
                     
                     
                         Before I was married, my husband's 
                         mother seemed to like me, and wanted me 
                         to go with her son against my father's 
                         wishes. Like a foolish child I didn't listen 
                         to him. 
                     
                     
                         After I was married, my mother-in-law 
                         treated me very well. But when my baby 
                         was two months old she changed; she 
                         couldn't be mean enough. She wanted to 
                         show me what to do and what not to do 
                         about the baby, saying I was too young 
                         to know anything. 
                     
                     
                         Then she started nagging me constantly, 
                         insulted me in front of friends, and even 
                         told the girls who helped her with the 
                         housework to flirt with my husband to 
                         make me jealous. Every time she got my 
                         husband alone she'd tell him all sorts of 
                         lies about me. 
                     
                     
                         We lived with her for three years, and 
                         then my husband and I moved away. 
                         Sometime afterward a friend of mine told 
                         me that before I married, my husband got 
                         one of his mother's hired girls into trouble, 
                         and that there was a child. 
                     
                     
                         I knew this girl, because she was still 
                         with my mother-in-law when I got mar- 
                         ried. I asked my husband about this, and 
                         he said it was all a lie, and that he knew 
                         nothing about it. My mother-in-law just 
                         laughed and said somebody was trying to 
                         make trouble by telling lies. 
                     
                     
                         Last Christmas, however, I found a letter 
                         belonging to my mother-in-law. It was 
                         from that girl, and she talked about her 
                         child in such a way that I knew my hus- 
                         band was the father. 
                     
                     
                         When my husband came home I showed 
                         him the letter and he owned up and said 
                         it was true. But he said he never loved 
                         this girl, and didn't want me to find out 
                         the truth. He also said he couldn't pre- 
                         vent his folks going to see this girl and 
                         the baby. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 The Friend In Need 151 
                 
                     
                     
                         The next time my mother-in-law came 
                         to see me I told her just what I thought of 
                         her. I forbade my two children to go near 
                         her, as she used to take them to her house 
                         and talk to them about me. I told her 
                         never to step inside my door again. 
                     
                     
                         I tried to be her friend, but she didn't 
                         want me. So I made up my mind not to 
                         care for her company; she doesn't seem to 
                         know what friendship is, anyway. She has 
                         caused me only heartache ever since I've 
                         known her. 
                     
                     
                         As for my husband, he does not drink 
                         or smoke, and is trying to be a man. He 
                         tells me that he loves me, and that he had 
                         never really loved any other girl before, but 
                         I don't feel the same toward him. 
                     
                     
                         I used to think there was no other man 
                         like him, until I found this out. I am only 
                         twenty-four now, and I hate to think that 
                         my marriage is spoiled. 
                     
                     
                         Do you think I did right to refuse my 
                         mother-in-law to see my children? Every 
                         time she came she was looking for an argu- 
                         ment, and meddling in my affairs. 
                         Miserable Bertha. 
                     
                     
                         Whenever anything happens to 
                         disillusion us about some one we 
                         love, life and love never seem quite 
                         the same. But it does not mean 
                         that we must give up hope of ever 
                         finding a measure of happiness. 
                     
                     
                         It is indeed regrettable when in- 
                         laws do not give two young people 
                         a free hand in working out their own 
                         marriage problems. Sometimes in- 
                         laws try to be helpful, but their de- 
                         sire to help seems to turn into 
                         defeat. And sooner or later other 
                         elements creep into a relationship 
                         that might otherwise have remained 
                         tolerable. 
                     
                     
                         While it was not commendable on 
                         your husband's part to have evaded 
                         the responsibility of his former 
                         romance, the fact that it all hap- 
                         pened before you met and married 
                         him should enable you to stay and 
                         give him another chance for your 
                         children's sakes. 
                     
                     
                         No matter what the past may 
                         have been, if a man tries to play 
                         fair, he deserves an opportunity to 
                         prove that he is sincere. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Dear Mrs. Brown: I am desperately 
                         in need of a friend's advice, and as I have 
                         no mother to turn to, I hope you will help 
                         me. 
                     
                     
                         I can't remember any real happiness in 
                         life until a short while ago. I am twenty. 
                         At sixteen I married, not for love, but to 
                         be independent. But my marriage lasted 
                         only three months, and then I was a 
                         divorcee. 
                     
                     
                         A year later I married again, but I only 
                         spent seven dreadfully unhappy months 
                         with a man any woman could have. It 
                         ended up by his beating me to the extent 
                         of putting me in the hospital, where I 
                         stayed for almost four months. Of course, 
                         I sued for divorce when I got out. 
                     
                     
                         By this time I was heartsick, disap- 
                         pointed, and life seemed a failure. How- 
                         ever, three months after my second divorce 
                         I met an old school chum of mine, and a 
                         week later we were married. 
                     
                     
                         For six weeks we were divinely happy. 
                         Then I was rushed to the hospital for an 
                         emergency operation. While I was ill, my 
                         husband met a woman, let her drive my 
                         car, and gave her a valuable diamond ring 
                         that belonged to me. 
                     
                     
                         Several weeks after I came home I caught 
                         them in my car. However, I wanted to 
                         make a success of the marriage and did 
                         not try to cause trouble. A month later 
                         my husband took the money I had to pay 
                         the hospital bill. My grandfather had 
                         given me this money, as my husband was 
                         out of work. I later found out he'd lost 
                         his job because he had stolen money where 
                         he worked. Once more I was granted a 
                         divorce. 
                     
                     
                         For the past eight months I have lived 
                         alone without faith in the future. Have I 
                         been the cause of all my failures? I hardly 
                         think so. 
                     
                     
                         Here is my present problem. Just be- 
                         fore Christmas I met a very charming chap. 
                         He's only a year older than I. We were 
                         constantly together for ten days, then he 
                         returned to his job in another city. I 
                         visited him for five days and have just re- 
                         turned. However, my mind is in a turmoil.  
                     
                     
                         I am deeply in love for the first time, 
                         and have dropped all other friends since I 
                         first met this man. But he has heard con- 
                         siderable talk about my past. There's al- 
                         ways some one to make my story a bigger 
                         one than it really is. Now he is very sus- 
                         picious and jealous of me. 
                     
                     
                         He has told me he could really love me, 
                         if he dared. But he doesn't want to be 
                         hurt, and he doesn't completely trust me.  
                     
                     
                         If he only knew the heartaches and un-  
                 
             
             
                 
                 152 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         happiness I have been through since I was 
                         sixteen, he'd know I'd never hurt any one, 
                         regardless of how little they meant to me. 
                         Least of all the man who has made me 
                         want to make something of myself. 
                     
                     
                         He has given me a new hope, yet he 
                         breaks it down at times with an outburst 
                         of uncontrollable temper. Although he 
                         hurts me very deeply, I love him so ter- 
                         ribly much I forgive him immediately. 
                     
                     
                         How can I explain my unhappy past to 
                         him in such a way that he will be con- 
                         vinced I am really in love with him, and 
                         that I am willing to live on what he can 
                         offer me?  
                     
                         We have decided to wait, but I can't 
                         stand this separation and his doubts when 
                         we are apart. I am true to him, and have 
                         no thought for any other man. 
                     
                     
                         Won't you please try to help a girl who 
                         thinks she has had more than her share of 
                         hard knocks? Ermine. 
                     
                     
                         It is hard to understand why it 
                         should, take any effort at all to con- 
                         vince your friend that you are really 
                         in love with him. Surely, having, 
                         been married and divorced more 
                         than once in search of happiness 
                         should not be held against you. 
                     
                     
                         I would suggest that you resume 
                         your former friendships, or make 
                         new friends, and do not cut your- 
                         self off from the companionship of 
                         other people. It is always a mis- 
                         take for any woman to drop every 
                         one simply because she has at last 
                         met the one man. 
                     
                     
                         Perhaps if your friend could not 
                         feel so sure of you, he would be less 
                         indifferent. There is no necessity 
                         for you to apologize to him for your 
                         previous marriages. If he really 
                         loves you, the past shouldn't matter. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Mrs. Brown: This is an answer 
                         to Socrates, who has such a biased opinion 
                         of girls. I hope you will find room to 
                         print it, as it is meant for Blue Barney, 
                         too. 
                     
                     
                         The things I'd like to say to you, Soc- 
                         rates, wouldn't look at all well on paper. 
                         But of all the conceited, boneheads you 
                         take the prize. Who do you think you are, 
                         giving out an opinion like that of all girls, 
                         just because you have met a couple who are 
                         out for a good time and nothing else? 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         There are plenty of girls who don't go 
                         in for petting and drinking at all, and 
                         those who go in for excessive drinking and 
                         smoking are very much in the minority. If 
                         you had sense enough to look in the right 
                         places, you'd find your ideal. Of course 
                         you won't find her at the wild parties you 
                         speak of, cheap taverns, and places of 
                         questionable reputation. How could you? 
                         Certainly no girl who has any self-respect 
                         is going to be found in such places. 
                     
                     
                         And there are very few girls whom you 
                         will find sitting at home by the fire knitting 
                         socks for grandpa. All girls want to have 
                         a good time, naturally, but not the way 
                         you seem to think they do. There is much 
                         enjoyment in taking long walks through the 
                         country, going to movies and dances, and 
                         even sitting at home nights with a fellow 
                         who enjoys a friendly conversation. 
                     
                     
                         Personally, I think boys are to be blamed 
                         for what some girls are. Boys don't care 
                         a hang about a girl as long as they have a 
                         good time. If a boy takes a girl out and 
                         she doesn't consent to go to some dark spot 
                         to park and submit to his kissing and maul- 
                         ing, she is considered a flat tire. Frankly, 
                         I prefer being called a flat tire. 
                     
                     
                         With ideas like yours, you're nothing less 
                         than a simpleton. I could write a lot more 
                         in this letter, but I want it to be published.  
                     
                     
                         A Connecticut Stenographer. 
                     
                     
                         After reading a letter like the 
                         above, there seems to be little doubt 
                         that some young men get off on the 
                         wrong foot because of their egotism. 
                         Necking and petting may have been- 
                         yesterday's fun. But girls of to-day 
                         possess a goodly amount of common 
                         sense and the determination to stick 
                         to high ideals, in spite of the fact 
                         that they are going places and do- 
                         ing things. 
                     
                     
                         And here's another: 
                     
                     
                         Dear Mrs. Brown: If I were as narrow- 
                         minded as Socrates and Blue Barney, I 
                         might make an equally vicious statement 
                         about the conduct of most men. However, 
                         living in a big city has made me broad- 
                         minded enough to know that there are as 
                         decent men and women to-day as in our 
                         mothers days. I say that sincerely, al- 
                         though I've seen some very poor examples.  
                     
                     
                         I am a girl of twenty, and live in Chi- 
                         cago. I am considered verv good-looking 
                         and have a pleasing personality. I am also 
                         sensible and practical. But I must com-   
                 
             
             
                 
                 The Friend In Need 153 
                 
                     
                     
                         fess that I have had my share of unwelcome 
                         attentions from men who should have 
                         known better. 
                     
                     
                         I'm a high-school graduate, and because 
                         of poor business conditions I lost my job 
                         as secretary and had to take the first job 
                         that came along. That was as waitress 
                         beyond city limits in a so-called respectable 
                         tavern. 
                     
                     
                         In comparison to my previous knowledge 
                         of life, I learned the cruder facts of human 
                         nature. The people I met were of the 
                         wrong kind, and I soon became disillu- 
                         sioned. I distrusted all men.  
                     
                         I lost faith so completely that when 
                         friends called to take me out, I preferred 
                         to stay home and read. 
                     
                     
                         Fortunately, I told my troubles to an old 
                         friend. He said I had no reason to feel 
                         that way, because I was merely an on- 
                         looker, while those fools openly petted in 
                         smoke-filled rooms and drank bad whisky. 
                     
                     
                         He advised me to get a job in a different 
                         place, pick my friends more carefully, and 
                         especially stop being alone so much and 
                         avoiding all men friends. 
                     
                     
                         I followed his advice. At first, I found 
                         that all boys expected you to smoke, drink 
                         and neck until all hours. 
                     
                     
                         However, I discarded those friends and 
                         tried to find others. 
                     
                     
                         Right now my ideals are normal again. 
                         I have met many decent young men and 
                         have many good times without cause for 
                         complaint. 
                     
                     
                         My advice to Socrates is to stop being a 
                         crab and look for friends elsewhere. If he 
                         is really as nice a young man as he says, 
                         it shouldn't be hard for him to meet nice 
                         people, and interest himself in some equally 
                         nice girl. 
                     
                     
                         I know that from now on I will continue 
                         to look for a man who comes up to my 
                         standards, and I hope I have the patience, 
                         because I've met many poor examples. 
                         When I have no place to go, I sew or 
                         knit and try my hand at the things that 
                         make a girl a successful housekeeper. 
                     
                     
                         Girls, do you think it's foolish of me to 
                         wait and hope that some day I will find the 
                         right man? I'd like to hear from any one 
                         who reads this letter. I really think there 
                         are many good men left. Am I wrong? 
                          Babs. 
                     
                     
                         I am sure you are not wrong in 
                         your belief that there are many good 
                         men left. And I agree with you 
                         that it isn't fair to judge every one 
                         by the shortcomings of a few. Per- 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         haps after reading these two letters, 
                         Socrates and Blue Barney will take 
                         time to think things over. 
                     
                     
                         However, here is a young man 
                         who agrees with Socrates that nice 
                         girls are almost nonexistent. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Mrs. Brown: I don't know 
                         whether this letter will ever find its way 
                         into print. But after reading Socrates's 
                         letter I would certainly like to shake hands 
                         with a real man. 
                     
                     
                         I agree with him that girls these days are 
                         "nothing but playthings who revel in pet- 
                         ting and kisses; drink, paint, and smoke like 
                         a chimney." None of them have any com- 
                         mon sense. Every girl I have ever dated 
                         drank, smoked, and having a good time was 
                         her special interest. If she met a fellow 
                         who could spend more on her than her cur- 
                         rent boy friend, all the better, and the old 
                         friend was given the well-known air with- 
                         out so much as a "thank you." 
                     
                     
                         Socrates said, that if a fellow isn't what 
                         the girls call a good sport, and if he doesn't 
                         join in drinking like the others, he is seldom 
                         asked anywhere. His deductions are cer- 
                         tainly correct. 
                     
                     
                         I don't care for liquor. I could never see 
                         what fun people could have when they 
                         were tight and couldn't see straight. As for 
                         easy kisses, there's no glamour when a girl 
                         kisses every fellow who takes her out. But 
                         that seems to be what the girls want. 
                     
                     
                         Girls also complain that boys get "fresh" 
                         and forget to behave like gentlemen. Girls 
                         may complain, but they fall for a fellow 
                         just the same, if only to add another "scalp" 
                         to their list. 
                     
                     
                         Maybe you'll say I feel this way because 
                         I haven't met the "only girl." I've met lots 
                         of girls, but couldn't fall in love with any of 
                         them, because I saw nothing to fall in love 
                         with. I really don't believe there are any 
                         honest-to-goodness girls, and the boys I 
                         know think the same. 
                     
                     
                         I'm twenty-three, have had two years of 
                         college, and am now working in a con- 
                         tractor's office. I'm considered good-look- 
                         ing, and have been told I have a likable 
                         personality. So I don't think that the rea- 
                         son I haven't found the right girl is be- 
                         cause I'm not presentable. 
                     
                     
                         Another thing that jars me is that girls 
                         lack loyalty. They are pals when a fellow 
                         can take them places, but when he's broke 
                         -well, that's his hard luck, and they openly 
                         admit there are plenty of other fellows who 
                         don't have to economize. 
                     
                     
                         I have heard of only one ease where the  
                 
             
             
                 
                 154 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         girl remained engaged to the fellow after 
                         he'd lost his job and had to get on his feet 
                         again. Call that loyalty, when a girl can't 
                         stick to a man because he's down? 
                     
                     
                         So there you are, girls. You're always 
                         complaining about the boys. But I'm at a 
                         loss as to how a fellow can find a decent 
                         girl; a girl who has one or two old-fashioned 
                         ideas left, and who would really be inter- 
                         ested in home-making rather than all-night 
                         parties. Busbee. 
                     
                     
                         I believe I'll just sit back and let 
                         you girls tell Busbee how he may 
                         find his heart's desire. How about 
                         it, family? 
                     
                     
                         Dear Mrs. Brown: Perhaps my prob- 
                         lem may seem trivial to you, but I would 
                         like to have your advice. Our home was 
                         broken up by divorce, and I went to live 
                         with my father, until two years ago when 
                         I went to stay with my mother. 
                     
                     
                         Since the divorce, mother has been very 
                         bitter, and now she doesn't want me to go 
                         out with any boy who is at all serious about 
                         me. There is one boy four years my senior. 
                         I am twenty. He says he loves me, and I 
                         am sure I love him; but mother thinks I 
                         couldn't be happy with him because he is 
                         too quiet. He doesn't care for dances, 
                         parties, or even card games. But I don't 
                         really mind. 
                     
                     
                         I was in love once before, but the boy 
                         disappointed me terribly, and now I can't 
                         seem to trust this young man as I probably 
                         should when he tells me how much he cares.  
                     
                     
                         Sometimes I imagine that it won't last, 
                         or that he will get tired of me. However, 
                         at other times I think he is old enough to 
                         know his own mind. He had had other girl 
                         friends before I started going with him. 
                     
                     
                         He wants me to marry him at the end 
                         of the year. But I really don't see how 
                         I can marry him, feeling as I do. Besides, 
                         my mother wants me to go out with other 
                         boys and forget him. She thinks we are 
                         not well enough suited to each other. 
                     
                     
                         Of course, I don't want to break with 
                         him. Do you think we could be happy to- 
                         gether? If we couldn't, then I might as 
                         well give him up now instead of letting him 
                         think that I'll marry him. 
                         Uncertain Marion. 
                     
                     
                         There is only one thing to do if 
                         you are not certain of your feelings 
                         for this boy, and that is not to think 
                         of anything as serious as marriage. 
                         At least, not now. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         No doubt your mother means 
                         well, and, understanding life so 
                         much better than you do, dear, she 
                         is probably right in saying that if 
                         you and this boy have such dif- 
                         ferent likes and dislikes there would 
                         be friction. However, just because 
                         your mother's marriage ended so un- 
                         happily, it does not mean that yours 
                         will not work out. 
                     
                     
                         Give yourself more time to think 
                         it over, and don't hesitate to have 
                         other friends. If you can make your 
                         friend understand that you want to 
                         be fair, and have his happiness at 
                         heart as much as your own, he may 
                         not resent the fact that you are so 
                         undecided.  
                     
                         Dear Mrs. Brown: For the past six 
                         months I have been in love with a girl 
                         who lives in the same house. I have been 
                         out with her quite a lot, and have told her 
                         I am in love with her. However, although 
                         she likes me, and likes to go out with me, 
                         she tells me frankly that she is not in love 
                         with me. 
                     
                     
                         I'm quite heartbroken about the whole 
                         thing. Although she says she doesn't love 
                         me, she leads me to think that she does. 
                         Her father doesn't like me because I have 
                         a quick temper, and I can't go to this 
                         girl's home. As we live in the same house, 
                         however, it's easy for us to see each other. 
                     
                     
                         I am twenty-one, and she is sixteen. 
                         She's a fine, sensible girl, and always the 
                         life of the party when we are out to- 
                         gether. I know I can never love another 
                         girl as I love her, and I doubt whether 
                         I can be happy without her. She seems 
                         to be quite grown up. 
                     
                     
                         She admits she is fond of me; but that 
                         it isn't love, and has suggested that we 
                         wait two or three years to see how things 
                         turn out. Do you think that would be a 
                         good idea? I'm afraid that if we wait 
                         she may fall for some other fellow later on 
                         Should I ask her not to go with other 
                         boys? 
                     
                     
                         Won't you please advise me and tell me 
                         what you think would be best for us to 
                         do? I know I will never be really happy 
                         unless she marries me. Willy of Ohio. 
                     
                     
                         I can well understand how dis- 
                         couraged you feel, but where love 
                         and marriage are concerned, it is  
                 
             
             
                 
                 The Friend In Need 155 
                 
                     
                     
                         only natural for a girl to hesitate 
                         when she is in doubt about her own 
                         feelings. 
                     
                     
                         However, you need not lose all 
                         hope that this girl will ever consider 
                         you seriously. And waiting two or 
                         three years is as sound and sensible 
                         a suggestion as any one could offer 
                         in a problem of this kind. By the 
                         end of that time you will both know 
                         how you stand in each other's re- 
                         gard. 
                     
                     
                         But holding a girl back from other 
                         friendships would show selfishness 
                         on your part, my boy, and it would 
                         not prevent her from falling in love 
                         with some one else. If you two de- 
                         cide to wait, I'm sure you will find 
                         that a girl seldom turns down a 
                         young man who proves himself a 
                         generous, sympathetic, and devoted 
                         friend. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Dear Mrs. Brown: A year ago I met 
                         a boy who was a night-club entertainer. I 
                         can't say it was love at first sight, because 
                         he seemed too much of a flirt. He knew 
                         my sister and her husband, and he came 
                         to our table for a drink. 
                     
                     
                         Ronny and I had a friendly chat, and 
                         before we left he said he would like to 
                         know me better. I told him I lived in an- 
                         other town, and that I was going home in a 
                         couple of days. And although he coaxed 
                         me, I refused to give him my address, in 
                         spite of the fact that I knew he could 
                         easily get it from either my sister or 
                         brother-in-law. 
                     
                     
                         Two weeks later my sister and her hus- 
                         band came to see us, and I had the sur- 
                         prise of my life when I saw Ronny with 
                         them. He stayed more than a week, and 
                         before he left we announced our engage- 
                         ment. 
                     
                     
                         He wrote to me every day, and I was 
                         the happiest girl in the world until I dis- 
                         covered that I was to become a mother. 
                         All my castles tumbled. I wrote to Ronny 
                         and said we ought to be married at once, 
                         but he didn't even answer my letter. I 
                     
                 
                 
                     HOT HOLLYWOOD NEWS 
                     Monthly Street &amp; Smith's Picture Play All News Stands 15c 
                 
             
             
                 
                 156 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         almost lost my mind when I realized that 
                         all my love was just a passing fancy to 
                         him. 
                     
                     
                         Of course, I couldn't let my folks know 
                         what had happened, so I went to stay with 
                         my sister. She lived in the same town as 
                         Ronny's mother and his older brother, 
                         Murray. My sister said I ought to tell 
                         Ronny's mother how he had treated me, 
                         but I couldn't do it, especially as I really 
                         liked her. She is a fine woman. 
                     
                     
                         Ronny's mother and I talked about the 
                         engagement, but I didn't have the heart 
                         to tell her that I no longer heard from 
                         Ronny, or that he was responsible for mak- 
                         ing my life so miserable. She wanted me 
                         to come to see her often. 
                     
                     
                         The next time I went to see her, I met 
                         Ronny's brother, Murray. We talked 
                         about different things, including my com- 
                         ing marriage to Ronny. On the way home 
                         Murray told me that he knew why I was 
                         so blue, because the last time he saw 
                         Ronny he heard the whole miserable story. 
                         He said that Ronny didn't want to marry 
                         me or any girl because it would spoil his 
                         career. 
                     
                     
                         I can't tell you how that hurt me. I 
                         sent back Ronny's ring and said he could 
                         go right ahead with his career and that 
                         we were through for good. 
                     
                     
                         I met Murray again and he was very 
                         sweet. He wanted to come to see me and 
                         take me out, and I was glad to have a 
                         friend. We became good friends. 
                     
                     
                         One day I was cleaning house, and fell, 
                         from a ladder. I had to go to the hospital. 
                         My baby was born dead. When I realized 
                         what had happened, all my feeling for 
                         Ronny died, too. 
                     
                     
                         When I was well again Murray, began 
                         coming to see me regularly. But I 
                         couldn't stay with my sister forever; and 
                         when I told him that I was going home 
                         soon, he took me ia his arms and asked 
                         me to marry him. 
                     
                     
                         I began to feel alive again. Murray was 
                         very good to me, and what girl doesn't 
                         appreciate kindness when she is in trouble?  
                     
                     
                         However, although I love Murray more 
                         than I ever loved Ronny, he said that he 
                         probably didn't have the right to ask me 
                         to marry him since I was in love his 
                         brother. 
                     
                     
                         Of course, when I told him how I felt, 
                         it was different. But do you think that I 
                         should marry him, knowing about Ronny 
                         and me? Do you think he would throw 
                         it up to me later on? 
                     
                     
                         I'm only nineteen and Murray is twenty- 
                         five. I want to marry him and live hap-   
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         pily, but under the circumstances I'm 
                         afraid to take such a serious step. Your 
                         opinion will be greatly appreciated. 
                     
                     
                         Downhearted. 
                     
                     
                         There is no reason in the world 
                         why you and Murray couldn't be 
                         happy together, unless, of course, 
                         you believe that he is the type of 
                         man who might indulge in the un- 
                         pleasant habit of bringing up the 
                         past whenever something happened 
                         to upset domestic peace. Knowing 
                         him as well as you do, you should 
                         be able to determine this fact better 
                         than any one else. 
                     
                     
                         A man must be indeed generous 
                         and understanding to really dis- 
                         regard the past and be interested 
                         only in the future. Many men ap- 
                         pear to be unable to reach this point 
                         of forgetfulness, while there are 
                         some who never stir the dead ashes 
                         of the past. 
                     
                     
                         Why not give yourself a little 
                         more time to study Murray? It is 
                         better to take your time, my dear, 
                         than to rush into a situation which 
                         may bring you more grief. If your 
                         friend can close the door to the past, 
                         you two could probably be very 
                         happy together. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Mrs. Brown: About five years 
                         ago I met a young man and, have been 
                         in love with him ever since. He has often 
                         told me that he loves me better than any 
                         one in the world. 
                     
                     
                         My parents, however, wouldn't allow me 
                         to go with him. But I slipped out to 
                         meet him whenever I could, and they never 
                         knew. He is now twenty-five, and I am 
                         eighteen. My parents say I am not old 
                         enough to be sure He's the right man for 
                         me to marry, and they are sure he isn't. 
                     
                     
                         In order to please them, I tried to be- 
                         come interested in other boys, but every 
                         time I met Jack, I'd forget the others. 
                         He seemed to feel the same way about 
                         me, and would beg me to stop going with- 
                         other boys and go out with him only. 
                     
                     
                         I usually did, though we continued to see 
                         each other secretly: Then some one, told 
                         my father, that I was meeting Jack, and 
                         he made me promise not to see him again. 
                     
                     
                         I began keeping, company with a cer-  
                 
             
             
                 
                 The Friend In Need 157 
                 
                     
                     
                         tain boy in the neighborhood whom Jack 
                         asked me not to go with, but I thought 
                         that it would be a good way to forget him.  
                     
                     
                         Jack began going with another girl and 
                         drank more than ever. He was in the habit 
                         of drinking, though not to excess. That is 
                         one reason why my father objects to Jack. 
                     
                     
                         I continued going with this other boy, 
                         Bill, for a few months. Then I met Jack 
                         again, and he begged me to drop Bill. 
                         Loving Jack as I did, I agreed. I tried to 
                         get my father to let me go with Jack, 
                         but he refused. So again I had to give 
                         Jack up. 
                     
                     
                         Time passed, and though I still loved 
                         Jack, I was lonesome and blue. I had to 
                         have some fun, so dad let me go with Bill. 
                         But whenever I happened to meet Jack, 
                         he always begged me not to go out with 
                         any one else. 
                     
                     
                         During all this time Jack had only a 
                         few dates with other girls, but he didn't 
                         stop drinking. When I begged him to do 
                         so, he said he'd stop "some day." 
                     
                     
                         Then I found a job away from home. It 
                         gave me a chance to see Jack often, and 
                         we could go out without being watched. 
                         We were very happy, but some one tat- 
                         tled, and my father told me that if I didn't 
                         quit seeing Jack he would make me give 
                         up my job and come home. 
                     
                     
                         Jack was working at that time, so we 
                         decided to get married, then no one could 
                         separate us. We even decided on the 
                         wedding date. But as it drew nearer, 
                         Jack heard that he was going to be laid 
                         off. And as my job was not going to last 
                         much longer we thought that it would be 
                         better to wait until we were financially 
                         prepared for marriage. 
                     
                     
                         He didn't stop drinking, but kept prom- 
                         ising me that he would after we were mar- 
                         ried. Dad wouldn't agree for us to go 
                         together, so Jack said, "What good will it 
                         do me to quit drinking? I love you so 
                         much that life isn't worth living without 
                         you."  
                     
                         Then I was laid off and went home. 
                         One night Jack was drunk and did some- 
                         thing that humiliated me terribly. I de- 
                         cided that he would never stop drinking 
                         and that I might just as well give him up.  
                     
                     
                         We have not had a date for more than 
                         two months, but I can't forget him. I 
                         love him, and I know I'll never stop lov- 
                         ing him. I have been out with Bill again, 
                         but there seems to be no solution to my 
                         problem. 
                     
                     
                         The other day I saw Jack again, and he 
                         promised to stop drinking. He said he 
                         hadn't had a drink for a week, and tells  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         every one that he has stopped drinking. 
                         He wants me to make up, and plan for us 
                         to be together always. 
                     
                     
                         What should I do? If I marry him I 
                         will break my parents hearts. If I don't, 
                         my own heart will break. I can't live 
                         without him. Annette of Michigan. 
                     
                     
                         No problem is so hopeless that it 
                         cannot be worked out one way or 
                         another. But time and a strong de- 
                         sire to iron out difficulties are neces- 
                         sary in order to make the remedy 
                         effective. 
                     
                     
                         In the first place, my dear, if your 
                         parents object to your going with 
                         Jack only because of his drinking, 
                         then it would seem reasonable to 
                         suppose that, if he loves you, he 
                         would be eager to give up liquor 
                         and make every effort to convince 
                         them he is worthy of your love. 
                     
                     
                         Why not tell your parents that you 
                         would like to give Jack a year or so 
                         to make good, and that in the mean- 
                         time you will have other friends, 
                         too? That solution, it seems to me, 
                         would be fair to every one con- 
                         cerned. It would give Jack an 
                         opportunity to turn over a new leaf, 
                         and show you he can be depended 
                         upon. 
                     
                     
                         A man who is really in love will 
                         do everything within his power in 
                         order to overcome obstacles that 
                         prevent him from marrying the girl 
                         who has captured his heart. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Mrs.-Brown: I am a young sailor 
                         of twenty-one, and if you can give me some 
                         advice, I will certainly appreciate it. 
                     
                     
                         Ever since I was sixteen I have found 
                         a great deal of satisfaction in traveling and 
                         being on the go. I went to England 
                         on a tramp steamer at that age, and quit 
                         when I was seventeen. Then I joined the 
                         national guard for three years. After that 
                         I joined the navy, and I enjoy it as long 
                         as I can keep going. 
                     
                     
                         Here's my problem: I am in love with 
                         a very sweet, girl, and would like to de- 
                         vote the rest of my life to making her 
                         happy. However, how can I settle down 
                         to married life when I have no trade? 
                     
                     
                         I am really and truly in love with this  
                 
             
             
                 
                 158 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         girl, but it seems rather hard to make peo- 
                         ple believe that a sailor can be a one-girl 
                         man. I still have a year and a half to 
                         serve. In the meantime, we are both plan- 
                         ning for our future: 
                     
                     
                         Another thing that worries me is this: 
                         Although I am in love and would like to 
                         settle down, at times I think I couldn't 
                         be happy because I would no longer be 
                         going places. I suppose you will under- 
                         stand and not be "thumbs down" on me. 
                     
                     
                         I met this girl three years ago, and 
                         haven't thought of any one else since. She 
                         says that when my time is up we'll be 
                         married. Do you think we should, even if 
                         I have no job, although, we could fall back 
                         on the little I have saved? 
                     
                     
                         Maybe this doesn't sound like a prob- 
                         lem. But I really have no one to ask for 
                         advice, and I feel sure you will offer some 
                         suggestion I can follow. 
                         Smiling Sailor. 
                     
                     
                         Judging from your letter, it seems 
                         you have not shaken off the fascina- 
                         tion of wanderlust enough to be 
                         completely happy if you settled 
                         down. On the other hand, if you 
                         really love this girl as you say, you 
                         may be so happy that you will lose 
                         all desire to be on the go. 
                     
                     
                         The sensible and practical thing 
                         to do after you leave service would 
                         be to find what work you are best 
                         adapted to, and stick it out. While 
                         you are working you might be able 
                         to take a night course in some trade 
                         in which you are interested, so that 
                         you would be assured of a steady in- 
                         come when you married. 
                     
                     
                         Give yourself more time, my boy, 
                         and be frank with your girl friend. 
                         Talk things over with her; she will 
                         not resent your taking her into your 
                         full confidence. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Mrs. Brown: I met my husband 
                         when I was eighteen, and we were mar- 
                         ried shortly afterward. For a little over a 
                         year we were very happy. Then my hus- 
                         band was transferred to another town. But 
                         instead of taking me with him he left me 
                         at his mother's, telling me he would send 
                         for me as soon as he had found rooms. 
                     
                     
                         But that very night he stopped at a 
                         hotel, and took a strange girl to a wild 
                         party. The next day he went to the town   
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         where he was going to work, and became 
                         friendly with a woman he met. They trav- 
                         eled around together for two weeks. He 
                         never sent me a cent. 
                     
                     
                         Then he came to see me, and stayed 
                         three days. I was an expectant mother at 
                         the time. He said he couldn't find rooms, 
                         and that was why he didn't send for me. 
                         Although later I found out about this other 
                         woman; and that he had lied to me. 
                     
                     
                         After he left I went to work, and when 
                         I had saved enough money to pay the 
                         fare I went to him. The minute I saw 
                         him I knew that something was wrong. 
                         He said that as long as we couldn't have 
                         a home of our own, we might as well stop 
                         at a hotel. But I didn't like that. 
                     
                     
                         I found work, rented a furnished room, 
                         and tried to take care of myself. He still 
                         lived with me as my husband. One night I 
                         happened to find a letter he had evidently 
                         dropped. It was from this second woman, 
                         and since I've read it I have been miser- 
                         able. 
                     
                     
                         Then my husband told me the whole 
                         story, said that he loved her, and that the 
                         sooner he could get his freedom the better.  
                     
                     
                         My husband lost his job on her account. 
                         She went back to her own home State, but 
                         corresponded with my husband. I have 
                         some of her letters. I thought I would 
                         keep them, as they might prove good evi- 
                         dence when I sued for divorce. But I 
                         couldn't make up my mind what to do. I 
                         wanted my baby to have a father. 
                     
                     
                         However, my husband became friendly 
                         with another woman and went away with 
                         her. By this time I knew I couldn't keep 
                         my job very long, so the law brought him 
                         back and put him in jail. 
                     
                     
                         He promised to look after me, and begged 
                         me to drop the charges against him; I 
                         finally gave in. He said he still loved me, 
                         and was sorry about the past. He seemed 
                         so heartbroken over the whole thing, that 
                         I thought he was sincere. We left town 
                         and lived on some of the money I had 
                         saved up for my hospital bills. 
                     
                     
                         We now have two children, but I feel 
                         as if I'd rather do anything than stay with 
                         my husband. Life is so hard, and mar- 
                         riage doesn't seem at all worth while. My 
                         husband is good to me, and as far as I 
                         know he hasn't tried to go with other 
                         women. He swears that what happened 
                         will never happen again. But I just can't 
                         believe him. Can I do anything to make 
                         my life happier? Mrs. V. C. B. 
                     
                     
                         It is a tragedy that marriage, 
                         which begins with every promise of  
                 
             
             
                 
                 The Friend In Need 159 
                 
                     
                     
                         success and happiness, should so 
                         often become a sorry mix-up. But 
                         although ife is hard, and marriage 
                         may sometimes seem not at all 
                         worth while, it is our job to show 
                         at least a little courage. And where 
                         there are children, a special effort 
                         is required. 
                     
                     
                         Hard as it is, and sometimes im- 
                         possible, to rebuild broken trust, no 
                         marriage can last without patience, 
                         common sense, and self-sacrifice. 
                         Sacrifices made for those we love are 
                         never in vain, and sooner or later, 
                         in one way or another, loyalty and 
                         devotion begin to pay dividends. 
                     
                     
                         So keep your chin up, my dear. 
                         Evidently your husband means to 
                         make good his promises. A little 
                         encouragement on your part will 
                         perhaps make the relationship still 
                         more agreeable. Try to forget the 
                         past. It will not be easy, I know; 
                         but you can make the future so 
                         much brighter not only for the chil- 
                         dren and your husband, but for 
                         yourself, too. Good luck! 
                     
                     
                         Dear Mrs. Brown: "Four years ago I 
                         met a man fifteen years my senior. I was 
                         eighteen then. He is very good-looking, 
                         and his folks are well-educated people. Bob 
                         makes a fine salary, but money seems to 
                         mean little to him, because he is the type 
                         of man who would give his last cent away 
                         to friends, if they needed his help. 
                     
                     
                         Bob drinks and gambles, but I don't 
                         really object to this, because he never 
                         drinks to excess. 
                     
                     
                         When we first met I didn't know much 
                         about him. But after going with him for 
                         three or four months, I found out that he 
                         also dated another girl. But it was too 
                         late for me. I was already deeply in love 
                         with him. 
                     
                     
                         Bob and I have been everything to each 
                         other. He tells me that he could never 
                         forget me. I know he thinks a lot of me 
                         and would do anything I asked him. 
                     
                     
                         When my father died a short time ago, 
                         Bob attended to most of the details, and 
                         he is always around whenever I need him. 
                         However, he cannot seem to forget this 
                         other girl. 
                     
                     
                         I know she doesn't love him, because the  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         only time she dates him is when she knows 
                         he can spend a lot of money. He takes 
                         her anywhere she wants to go. This girl 
                         is teaching school and is supporting her 
                         parents and a brother. Another thing is 
                         that if she ever marries she can never be 
                         a mother. And Bob loves children. 
                     
                     
                         Bob knows I love him so much I would 
                         do anything in the world for him. The 
                         difference in our ages does not matter, be- 
                         cause whenever I have been out with boys 
                         near my own age they seemed silly. 
                     
                     
                         Bob is very proud that I love him as 
                         much as I do, even though others may say 
                         I love him not wisely but too well. He 
                         isn't the type that would talk about a 
                         girl. He is very popular, but doesn't seem 
                         to care whether he ever gets married or not.  
                     
                     
                         I wish I knew what to do to make him 
                         think of marriage. Won't you please ad- 
                         vise me? Dotty. 
                     
                     
                         To use an old axiom, "You can 
                         lead a horse to water, but you can't 
                         make him drink." I'm afraid, dear, 
                         that if your friend has felt no re- 
                         sponsibility to marry you so far, it 
                         is very doubtful if he ever will. It is 
                         sad but true that in most cases of 
                         this kind, the girl is left-holding the 
                         bag, while the man transfers his 
                         interest to some one else. 
                     
                     
                         My most sincere advice to you, 
                         Dotty, is to drop this man at once 
                         and give yourself time to forget the 
                         entire incident. It will not be easy 
                         at first, but later on when you meet 
                         a man who will really deserve your 
                         love, you will be glad that you made 
                         a break. 
                     
                     
                         Real love never thrives on things 
                         that must be hidden from the rest 
                         of the world. Real love is open and 
                         aboveboard, and is always altar- 
                         bound. 
                     
                     
                         Dear Mrs. Brown: I married at the 
                         age of sixteen, after going steady for three 
                         years. For four years we were very happy, 
                         but my husband was in the habit of go- 
                         ing out about twice a week. He said he 
                         had to go to club meetings, or out with 
                         the boys, and I didn't object. 
                     
                     
                         Then my mother died, and about four 
                         weeks later a girl friend told me that she 
                         saw my husband at a dance with another 
                         girl. I asked him, and he denied it.   
                 
             
             
                 
                 160 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine 
                 
                     
                     
                         I told my friend about it, and she said 
                         she had known for a long time that my 
                         husband was dating different women, but 
                         she just couldn't tell me because I was so 
                         wrapped up in him! As it often happens, 
                         by the time the wife finds out anything, 
                         every one else knows all about it. 
                     
                     
                         He was always good to me, and never 
                         objected to getting me anything I wanted. 
                         One-nigh I caught him talking to a girl on 
                         the street. He had told me earlier in the 
                         evening that he had to work that night. 
                     
                     
                         Then my husband left town, and didn't 
                         tell me where he, was going. This girl left 
                         the same day, although she came back in a 
                         week. My husband stayed away for al- 
                         most three weeks. Then I received a let- 
                         ter from him in which he said that he 
                         still loved me, and would send for me, as 
                         he was thinking of staying in that town. 
                         I didn't answer his letter, and when he 
                         came, back, I made up with him for the 
                         baby's sake, and because I still loved him 
                         with all my heart. I think it's too bad 
                         that some of us can't help loving a man- 
                          when we know he isn't worthy of our love. 
                     
                     
                         My husband still goes out on the aver- 
                         age, of two nights a week, but I don't be- 
                         lieve the excuses he offers. I can't seem 
                         to trust him any more. Girls sometimes 
                         call him up right here at home, and when 
                         he happens to be home, the minute he hears 
                         the girl's voice he hangs up and tells me 
                         there was no one on the line. 
                     
                     
                         Do you think I should break with my 
                         husband? We have lived with my father 
                         ever since I was married, and I really would 
                         have no place to go. I have no brothers or 
                         sisters, and have never worked. 
                     
                     
                         Although my father and my husband get 
                         along fairly well, my father wants me to 
                         leave my husband. He says he will take 
                         care of me and the baby. He is grieving 
                         over mother's death, and I won't have any 
                         one if he ever goes. He tries to comfort 
                         me by saying that if anything ever hap-  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         pens to him there will be enough left to 
                         take care of the baby and me. 
                     
                     
                         Maybe all this sounds foolish, Mrs. 
                         Brown. But I just had to write and ask 
                         your opinion, and tell me what you think 
                         would be best for me to do. I'm really un- 
                         decided about leaving my husband. I sup- 
                         pose I feel this way because I still care. 
                         Mary de L. 
                     
                     
                         But don't you think, my dear, 
                         that it wouldn't be quite fair to 
                         saddle your father with the problem 
                         of taking care of you and the baby, 
                         when that is your husband's job? 
                     
                     
                         It is heartbreaking, of course, 
                         when a husband disregards his wife's 
                         love and devotion. But it would 
                         not ease your heartache if you were 
                         to break with your husband, if you 
                         love him as you say you do. 
                     
                     
                         It might help if you tried to reach 
                         a better understanding with him. 
                         His actions in the past were not at 
                         all commendable, of course. How- 
                         ever, if you appeared to trust him, 
                         it might have a favorable effect and, 
                         in time, you two could again find a 
                         satisfactory degree of happiness to- 
                         gether. 
                     
                     
                         You know, Mary, there is some- 
                         thing in the old saying, "Nothing 
                         ventured, nothing gained." Try to 
                         make yourself more attractive and 
                         interesting, and a little mysterious. 
                         It will be more effective than show- 
                         ing openly how hurt you are, and 
                         how hard it is for you to believe in 
                         him.  
                 
                 LS-10F 
             
             
                 
                 
                     HEY! YOU FELLOWS WITH NATURALLY SKINNY BUILDS! 
                     Comparison of Minerals in KELPAMALT vs. VEGETABLES 
                     3 KELPAMALT TABLETS contain: 
                     1. More Iron and Copper than 1 lb. of spinach, 7 1/2 lbs. fresh tomatoes, 3 lbs. of asparagus. 
                     2. More Calcium than 1 lb. of cabbage. 
                     3. More Phosphorus than l 1/2 lbs. of carrots. 
                     4. More Sulphur than 2 lbs. of tomatoes. 
                     5. More Sodium than 3 lbs. of turnips. 
                     6. More Potassium than 6 lbs. of beans. 
                     7. More Magnesium than 1 lb. of celery. 
                     Manufacturer's Note:- As the result of Kelpa- Malts termendous popularity, many inferior initations- sold as kelp and malt
                        preparations- are being advertised. Don't be fooled. Ask for thhe original, genuine Kelpamalt Tablets. They are easily
                        assimilated, do not upset the stomach nor injure the teeth. Absolutely guaranteed to produce results or money back.  
                     Here's a Quick Way to Put On 10 to 15 lbs. of Good Solid Flesh and Feel Like a Million Dollars! 
                     KELPAMALT, the New Mineral Concentrate from the Sea- Rich in Newer Form of NATURAL IODINE- Guarantees 5 Lbs. in 1 Week or No
                        Cost 
                     MEN AND WOMEN EVERYWHERE AMAZED AT RESULTS 
                     Thousands of thin, pale, rundown folks- and even "Naturally Skinny" men and women are amazed at this new easy way to put on
                        healthy needed pounds quickly. Gains of 15 to 20 lbs. in one month, 5 lbs. in 1 week, are reported regularly. 
                     Kelpamalt, the new mineral concentrate from the sea, gels right down to the cause of thin, underweight conditions and adds
                        weight through a 2 ways in 1 natural process. 
                     First, its rich supply of easily assimilable minerals stimulates the diges-tive glands which produce the juices that alone
                        enable you to digest fats and starches, the weight-making elements in your daily diet. And these minerals are needed by
                        virtually every organ and for every function of the body. Second, Kelpamalt is rich in NATURAL IODINE- a mineral needed by the
                        vital organ which regulates metabo-lism- the process through which the body is constantly building firm, solid flesh, new
                        strength and energy 6 Kelpamalt tablets contain more NATURAL IODINE than 486 lbs. of spinach or 1660 lbs. of beef. More iron
                        and copper than 2 lbs. of spinach or 15 lbs. of fresh toma- toes. More calcium than 1 doz. eggs. More phosphorus than 3 lbs.
                        of carrots. 
                     Try Kelpamalt for a single week and notice the difference- how much better you sleep, how ordinary stomach distress vanishes,
                        how firm flesh appears in place of scrawny hollows and the new energy and strength it brings you. Kelpamalt is prescribed and
                        used by physicians. Fine for children, too. Remember the name, Kelpamalt, the original kelp and malt tablets. Nothing like
                        them, so don't accept imitations. Start Kelpamalt today. If you don't gain at least 5 lbs. in I week the trial is free. 
                     100 jumbo size Kelpamalt tablets four to five times the size of ordinary tablets cost but little and may be had at all good
                        drug stores. If your dealer has not yet received his supply, send $1 for special introductory size bottle of 65 tablets to the
                        address below. 
                     SPECIAL FREE OFFER 
                     Write today for fascinating instructive 50-page book on How to Add Weight Quickly. Mineral Contents of Food and their effects
                        on the humun body. New facts about NATURAL IODINE. Standard weight and measurement charts. Daily menus for weight building.
                        Absolutely free. No obligation. Kelpamalt Co., Dept. 414, 27-33 West 20th Street. New York City. 
                     Kelpamalt Tablets 
                     Known In England as Vikelp 
                 
             
             
                 
                 
                     STOP your RUPTURE WORRIES! 
                     Learn about My Perfected, Unique RUPTURE INVENTION 
                     WHY worry and suffer with that rupture any longer? Learn now about my perfected rupture invention. It has brought ease,
                        comfort, and happiness to thousands by assist-ing Nature in relieving and curing many cases of reducible hernia! You can
                        imagine how happy these thousands of rupture sufferers were when they wrote me to report relief, comfort and cures! How would
                        YOU like to be able to feel that same happiness, to sit down and write me such a message- a few months from today? Hurry- send
                        coupon quick for Free Rupture Book, PROOF of results and invention revelation! 
                     Marvelous-Acting Device Binds and Draws the Broken Parts Together As You Would a Broken Limb! 
                     Surprisingly- continually- my perfected Automatic Air Cushions draw the Broken parts together allowing Nature, the Great
                        Healer, to swing into action! All the while,you should experience the most heavenly comfort and security. Look! No obnoxious
                        springs or pads or metal girdles! No salves or plasters! My com- plete Appliance is feather-lite, durable, invisible, sanitary
                        and CHEAP IN PRICE! Wouldn't YOU like to say "goodbye" to rupture worries and "hello" to NEW freedom ... NEW glory in living .
                        . . NEW happiness with the help of Mother Nature and my marvelous-acting Air Cushion Appliance? 
                     C.E. Brooks Inventor 
                     BROOKS RUPTURE APPLIANCE NOW SENT ON TRIAL! 
                     RUPTURE BOOK Also Sent FREE! My new book, fully illustrated with photographs and drawings tells all about Rupture- how it is
                        caused, how it is treated, shows all different kinds of Rupture and best type of support for each kind. Also includes latest
                        scientific self- measuring fitting chart that measures perfect fit. I'll send all this Free in plain wrapper along with my
                        Trial Offer of a Brooks Appli-ance. Just send coupon. No obli- gation. No charge. Brooks Appliance Co., 188 State St,
                        Marshall, Mich. 
                     My invention is never sold in stores nor by agents. Beware of imitations. You can get it only from my U. S. factories or from
                        my 33 foreign offices! And I'll send it to you on trial. If you don't like it- if it doesn't "work"- it costs you NOTHING. But
                        don't buy now, Get the facts about it FIRST! Write me today. I'll answer in plain, sealed envelope with amazing information
                        Free. Stop Your Rupture Worries- send coupon now! 
                     
                         
                             CONFIDENTIAL COUPON for RUPTURE SUFFERERS 
                             H. C. BROOKS, 188 State Street, Marshall, Mich.  
                             Rush me your new Free Book, amazing rupture method revelation, proof of results, all without obligation, and in plain,
                                sealed envelope. 
                             Name .....  
                             Street .....  
                             City ..... State .....  
                             State whether for Man □, Woman □, or Child □ 
                         
                     
                 
             
         
     
 