
*^OVE IN 7 DA Vs

':that I can make

  CHARLES ATLAS

Holder of the title of
"The World’. Moit Per-
fectly Developed Mon,"
awarded in internqlional
contfit, with ALL strong
men willing to compete
with him. His own mod-
ern method of Dynamic-
Ten sion developed him
from a 97-pound weakling
to the physical ideal of
health and strength shown
in this new photo.

YOU

a NEW MAN!

By CHARLES ATLAS

“The World’s Most Perfectly Developed Man”

   All I want is one week to prove that I can give
   you a powerful body of might and muscle like mine
   —with my quick Dynamic-Tension method.
   Here’s all you do:

   Just jot down your name and address on the coupon be-
   low, mail it to me—and I’ll send you. absolutely free, a copy
   of my new book, “Everlasting Health and Strength."
   It reveals the secrets that turned me from a 97 pound, flat-
   chested weakling into a husky fellow who won the title of
   “The World’s Most Perfectly Developed Man" against all
   comers! And it shows how I can build you into an "Atlas
   Champion” the same easy way.

   It tells the fascinating story of how I've taken under-
   developed, flabby, no-muscle men of all ages and given them
   big powerful muscles, increased-measurements all over,
   amazing strength, endurance, vitality and pep—all in a few
   minutes of spare time daily at home.

   Thousands of fellows all over the world have used my
   methods—and now you can too. Like them, you can put
   on firm layers of muscle where you need it most, tone up your
   whole system, banish constipation, poor digestion, bad
   breath, pimples and other ailments that rob you of the good
   things and good times of life, and get the •‘drive” that'll
   take you to the top of the ladder.

Easy My Way

    I haven’t any use for apparatus; I don’t dose you or doc-
    tor you. Dynamic-Tension is all I need. It’s the natural,
    tested method for developing real men inside and out. It
    distributes added pounds of powerful muscles over your
    body, gets rid of ailments and surplus fat, and gives you the
    vitality, strength and pep that win you the admiration of
    every woman and the respect of any man.

Accept My FREE BOOK

   Why be only 50% of the man you can be? Send NOW for
   a free copy of my new large illustrated book loaded with
   pictures of myself and others who have used my secret
   methods. Read what I did for them. And find out what I
   can do for YOU. Don't put off becoming the husky, big-
   muscled NEW MAN you can be I Mail the coupon TODAY.

   Address me personally, CHARLES ATLAS (Dept. .J4D)
   133 East 23rd Street, New York City.

   CHARLES ATLAS. (.Dept. 3tD)

    133 East 23rd Street. New York City.

    I want the proof that your *yitem of Dynamic-Tennon will five |
    me. too. a healthy, huaky body and biz miiacle development. Send .
    me your free book. "Evcrlaatin£ Health and Slrrngth.

(Pieaae print.or write plainly)
WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

289

                             SICK at heart the trembling girl shuddered at the
                             words that delivered her to this terrible fate of the
                             East. How could she escape from this Oriental
                             monster into whose hands she had been given—this
                             mysterious man of mighty power whose face none
                             had yet seen?

                                      Here is an extraordinary situation. What was to be the
                                  fete of this beautiful girl? Who was this strange emissary
                                  whom no one really knew?

                                  To know the answer to this and the most exciting tales of
                                  Oriental adventure and mystery ever told, read on through
                                  the most thrilling, absorbing, entertaining and fascinating
                                  pages ever written.

Masterpieces of Oriental Mystery

11 Superb Volumes by SAX ROHMER
Written with his uncanny knowledge of things Oriental

TTERE you are offered no ordirury mystery stories. In these
books the hidden secrets, mysteries and intrigues of the
Orient fairly leap from the pages. Before tout very eyes
spreads a swiftly moving panorama that takes you breathless from
the high places of society—from homes of refinement and luxury to
sinister underworlds of London and the Far East—from Piccadilly
and Broadway to incredible scenes behind idol temples in far off
China—to the jungles of Malay, along strange paths to the very
seat of Hindu sorcery.

11 Mystery Volumes Packed With Thrills!

Be the first in your community to own these, the most wonderful
Oriental mystery stories ever published—books that have sold by
the hundred thousand at much higher prices—books you will enjoy

reading over and over again. Handsomely bound in substantial
cloth covers, a proud adornment for your table or shelf.

These are the sort of stories that President Wilson, Roosevelt and
other great men read to help them relax—to forget their bur- A
dens. To read these absorbing tales of the mysterious Hast is WA
to cast your worries into oblivion—to increase your efficiency.^ •
Priced for Quick Sale	f I

Printing these volumes by the hundred thousand when paper f	■

was cheap makes this low price possible. Only a limited jT Dept, K
Dumber left. Don't Ion a mmuit!	■

  Complete Sets Free on Approval f

Yon needn’t send a cent. Simply mail the coupon J McKINLAY. |
and this amazing set will go to	_ . ▼ CTONR *

iuB.i6d.sc,N.y. I

                                  Please send me on affroval. I
                                  umr . '» all charges prepaid, yoor spccial ■
                                  »ec of Masterpiece* of Oriental My*- ■

                                  &	toy, in ii handsomely bound cloth ■
                                  S volumes. If after io days free examina- I
                                  cioo I am delighted. I will send you $1.00 ■
                                  promptly and Ji co a month for only i«

 “fuW DOPE !         THE    TALES    
 t* Manchu _ j       YELLOW SECRET   
                     CLAW   EGYPT    
 u svCxvx* Uiftwioi1  VWS   5AJMXXDI 
 •W» VoM 1                  Vote     
McKinlay, Stone & Mackenzie,

ip:0m ul................................tU.ul

Ocst.117. II* E. 16th St

Niv Yert City. N. i.fm m m •wm M m for cash deduct s%
PUBLICATION OFFICE:

404 North Wesley Ave., Mt. Morris, I1L
Published by
STELLAR PUBLISHING CORPORATION

H. GERNSBACK, Pres.

I. S. MANHEIMER, Sec'y S. GERNSBACK, Treas.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

NTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS

  By Stanton H. Coblentz_

 -294

    Beneath the surface of Pluto, outpost of the solar system
    dwelt the strange race . . . and into their midst came two
    men . . •

  THE EMPIRE OF GLASS

 By Frank Miloche_366

    The race lay Rasping under the onslaughts of the hungry
    insects . . . civilization at an end . . .

  THE AVENGING RAY

 By A. Rowley Hilliard_374

    He had hoped to improve on nature . ,
    periment got out of control . . .

  THE INVERTED WORLD

   By J. Rogers Ullrich .

 , but when the ex-

__392

    From the explosion of the meteor fragment, a new world
    opened to his eyes . . .

  WHEN PLANETS CLASHED

  By Manley Wade Wellman_

 -400

 Into the lives and loves of two worlds, came the gigantic
 spectre of war to shed death and destruction . . .

THE

WINGED MENACE

By Packard Dow_

 _416

     They scorned It aa a superstition ... but when the girl and
     man disappeared into the black depths . . .

OUR COVER ILLUSTRATION

 from Stanton Coblentz’ “Into Plutonian Depths” shows the
 space ship on its long journey to Pluto passing close to
 the beautiful ringed Saturn. In the background streams
 across the sky the Milky Way, while to the left, its grand-
 eur reduced by distance, is the sun.

SPRING

  1931

l#

 WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY—Entered at wond-class mat-
 ter September 13. 1926. at the Post Office at Mount Morris. 11-
 under the art of March 3. 1870. Title registered U. S.
 Patent Office. Trademark* and copyright* by permission of
 Gerntback Publication*. Inc.. 98 Park Place, New York City,
 owner of all trademark rights. Copyright. 1931. by Gemsbark
 Publications, Inc. Text and illustrations of this magazine are
 copyrighted and must not be reproduced without permission of

 WONDER*’STORIES QUARTERLY 1* published on the 15th day
 of September. December. March and June^ 4 number* per year.
 8obscrlptloo price I* $1.75 a year In United State* and lta
 pos-c«*lan*. In Canada and foreign countries, $2.00 a year.
 Single copies 50c. Address all editorial communications to Edi-
 tor. WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY. 96 98 Park Place, New
 York. Publishers are not responsible for lost Ms*. Contributions

  cannot be returned unless authors remit full postage.

  WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY 1* for tale at principal news-
  stands In the United 8tat*s and Canada. Printed In U. S. A.
  IP YOU WISH TO SUBSCRIBE TO WONDER STORIES
  QUARTERLY, make out all remittances to the 8tellar Publish-
  ing; Corp. Be sure to mention the name of magazine you wish
  to subscribe for, as wo are also agents for the following maga-
  zines: RADIOCRAFT and WONDER STORIES. Subscriptions
  can be made In combination with the above publications, at a
  reduced club rate. Ask for Information Subscriptions start with
  current Issue. WHEN YOUR SUBSCRIPTION EXPIRES, we
  enclose a renewal blank In the last number. No subscriptions
  continued unless renewal remittance weired.

  Change of address: Always give us old as well at new addrett
  and notify ua at far In adTance at possible.

STELLAR PUBLISHING	CORPORATION

 Publication OfllM. 404 N. Wtll«y Ave.. Mt. Morrll. IlllaoU. HItirM and	General Offltu, 96-98 Plrt Plaie. N«w York City

 London: Haehette & Cle.,

 3 La Belle Sauvage. Ludgste Hill.	E. C. 4

                                     Paris: Hachette 4 Cle.. Ill Rue	Reaumur
                                     Australian Agent: McGill's Agency
                                     179 Elizabeth St.. Mellx
             WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY	291

<NEW SCIENCE FICTION «

              WE present to the readers of WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY, the most complete selection
              of recent important science fiction. We have selected these books because they are the fore-
              most of their kind today. There is such a great variety, that it will satisfy any taste that any
              student of science fiction might have.

                We have no catalog and ask you to be kind enough to order direct from this page. Prompt ship-
                ments will be made. Remit by money order or certified check. If you send cash, be sure to
                register it. No C-O.D.'s. Books sent prepaid in (J. S. A. Add postage for foreign countries.

                    MUKARA                                     THE EARTH TUBE                              QUAYLE'S INVENTION               
   by Muriel Bruce, 276 pages, stiff cloth     by Gawaln Edwards. 300 pages. Stiff cloth          by John Talne: 450 pages. Stiff cloth     
          covers. Size 6% x 8. $2.50           covers. Size 6!4 x 7%. m nn                               ™ Size 5* x 7*. _ $2.00            
                                                                 Price W.UU                                                                 
Explorations into the unknown parts of our     The popular author of "The Rescue" and         “You are a menace to civilization,•' said     
globe are revealing the most astonishing re¬   "The Return from Jupiter” achieves an¬         the bankor to young Quayle, and loft tho      
mains of ancient Civilization. On the          other success in this powerful novel. A        inventor to die upon the sun-scorched Is¬     
basis of the notes of the Fawcett expedi¬      tube through the earth ... an Invincible       land. But with superhuman courage Quayle      
tion, Bruce has constructed a most thrilling   army possessed of strange scientific weapons   struggles against pitiless nature to return   
story of the meeting of our civilization with  capturing South America. Mr. Edwards is        to civilization. There Is also the secret of  
one whose strangeness, mystery ana power       a rising star on the horizon of science        his Invention, that can make the young man    
over nature will astound you.                  fiction, and in this volume he exceeds him¬    master of the planet Science fiction of       
                                               self.                                          the most extraordinary power.                 
            TARRANO THE CONQUEROR                        THE DAY OF THE BROWN HORDE                        THE PURPLE SAPPHIRE              
by Ray Cummings. 350 pages, stiff cloth        by Richard Tooker. 300 pages. Stiff cloth          by John Talne. 325 pages. Stiff cloth     
covers. Size 5 x 7%. S2.00                     covers. Size 5 x 7%. $2.50                     wcTL * x_7*'.................$2.00            
Price .............................. • ■'*' vv                                                                                              
Mr. Cummings Is a master of science fic¬       x'rice ---                                     From the depths of Thibet came the strange    
tion. and In this story he achieves the        The author, with an original conception        purple sapphires. Jewels of startling value   
summit of his power. Interplanetary war¬       goes back into the dim past of our earth       and great beauty. Into tho heart of this      
fare rages through his dynamic pages, over     to re-create what is unknown to us! With       unknown land In search of fabulous wealth     
continents and planets stalks the terrifying   consummate skill he builds up the life of      wont two men and a girl to the most un¬       
figure of Tarrano---the merciless. A story     our primordial ancestor, prehistoric man.      usual adventures that befell human beings.    
              IN THE BEGINNING                
  by Alan Sullivan. 305 pages. Stiff cloth    
               THE WORLD BELOW                                THE PURPLE CLOUD                
by 9. Fowler Wright. 350 pages, stiff cloth    by M. P. ShleL 300 pages. Stiff cloth          
covers. Size 6 x 7%. $2.00                     covers. Size 554 x 7*. S2.50                   
                                                                                              
                                                                                              
                                                                                              
price .-------- -                              The thrill and the danger of a trip to un¬     
What could the man of today really do and      known portions of the globe for an enorm¬      
accomplish if ho wero thrown into the wor d    ous reward . . . madness creeping on deso¬     
           THE GREATEST ADVENTURE             
by John Talne. 250 pages. Stiff cloth         
coyers. Size 5>4 x 7V4. c9                    
Price .............._ ... _ $2.50             
A body of scientists are plunged into tho     
most terrifying of adventures, Into conflict  
with pitiless nature when she deems It time   
for a gigantic display of her power . . .     
                  GREEN FIRE                                    DOCTOR FOGG                   
RALPH 124C 41-|-                              
A Romance of the Tear 2660 by Hugo            
Gernsback. 300 pages. Illustrated. Stiff      
goth covers. Size 5% x 7%. M                  
                                              
                                              
                                              
                                              
                                              
                                              
                                              
          THE MAN WHO MASTERED TIME                           MAZA OF THE MOON                Not since the publication of the stories of   
by Ray Cummings. 350 pages. Stiff cloth        by Otis Adelbert Kline. 340 pages. Stiff       Jules Verne has there appeared such a         
coyers. Size 5 x 7tt. $2.00                    cloth covers. Size 6% x 7%. ff«|               book. Mr. Gernsback. Editor of WONDER         
                                               Price ........ . _________ _____________ $2.00 STORIES, with a keen insight into the         
80,000 years Into the future sped the young    The desire of all of us to find some living    
adventurer, athrill with the possibilities     beings on the moon is answered in this         
for glory and romance! But a world filled      story filled with thrills and startling ad¬    
with turmoil, war, upheaval and strange        ventures. Across the interplanetary spaces     
hates and lusts met him. He went Into          go our heroes to unknown, breathless ex¬       
an age of the unbelievable, almost the im¬     periences ... to take part in interplane¬      
possible.                                      tary warfare . . .                             
                                                                                              
     SCIENCE PUBLICATIONS

245 GREENWICH STREET	NEW YORK, N. Y.
NEW SCIENCE FICTION SERIES

                                               -/ri MIESE small books, illustrated by artUt Paul. are’

                                               7	I printed ?o a good grade of paper. They contain
                                               * brand new stories never published before In any
                                               magazine.

                                                  Each book (size 6x8 In.) contains one or two stories
                                               by a well-known scientific ficUon author.

      I—THE GIRL FROM MARS
      By Jaek Williamson and Miles J. Breucr

      2—THE THOUGHT PROJECTOR
      By David H. Keller. M.O.

                                              3—AN	ADVENTURE IN VENU8
                                                  By R. Michel more

                                             4—WHEN	THE SUN WENT OUT
                                                By Leslie Stone

                                                0—THE BRAIN OF THE PLANET
                                                    By Lilith Lorraine

                                               6—WHEN	THE MOON FELL
                                                  By Charles H. Colladay

                                              7—THE	MECHANICAL MAN
                                                 By Amelia Reynolds Long

                                                  The age of the robot 1* Just dawning and tome of
                                               its infinite possibilities. Miss Long dips into It In
                                               this thrilling story.

       THE THOUGHT 8TEALER (Book 7)

        By Frank Bourne
        That it may be possible. sometime in the future, for
        a brilliant scientist to penetrate the minds of others
        and examine their thoughts, is the theme of this
        engrossing story.

      8—THE TORCH OF RA
      By Jack Bradley
      All about us lies a tremendous amount of untouched
      power; in the sun, in the cosmic rayi, etc. This power,
      if obtained and concentrated, might be put to great use.

      9—THE VALLEY OF THE GREAT RAY
      By Pansey E. Black
      We know very little about the real potentialities of
      matter. There may be great civilizations that have
      found and utilized these potentialities far beyond our
      own conception.

       10—THE ELIXIR
       By H. W. HiQQlnson
       Brain power is often dependent on the influences of
       our glands. By proper stimulation of some kind, it
       may be possible in the futuro to produce great geniuses.
       II—THE THOUGHT TRANSLATOR
       By Merao Eberle
       Mental telepathy Is becoming generally accepted as
       an accomplished fact. Some of It* use*, especially by
       mechanical means, may be very tragic or very amusing.

       THE CREATION (Book II)

                                                            By M. Milton Mitchell
                                               It J»ould be possible In the future to create living
                                               being# synthetically, and when this is done, there
                                               will be tome amazing result*.

      12—THE LIFE VAPOR
      By Clyde Farrar
      Mr. Farrar I* evidently an expert in hi* robject.

                                               He shows bow, by proper control, it may be powlble
                                               to change the entire coune of human life.

       THIRTY MILE8 DOWN (Book 12)

                                                            By D. D. Sharp
                                              What lies far beneath the surface of the earth, *tlll
                                              remains quite a mystery to us* Mr. Sharp has erected
                                              a rather amazing theory.

     MAIL COUPON NOW

                                            STELLAR PUBLISHING CORP..

        W8Q-7. 88 Park Plata. New York. N. Y.

                                                  Gentlemen:

                                                     I am enclosing herewith $-for which

                                                  please send me prepaid books which I have
                                                  marked with an X:

      [ ] 1 U 4 U T I ] 10
      I) i [ ] 5 [ ] 8 11 11
      [ ] 8 [ ] 6 119 [ ] 12

SPECIAL OFFER
ALL 12 BOOKS FOR

 SUM

YOUR CHOICE
OF ANY 5 BOOKS FOR
                       Prefe.sor William J. Loytwi. PH.O.
  Harvard College Observatory.
  A8TR0PHY8IC8
  Donald H. MmmI. Ph.D.

  Lick Observatory. Unlvorsity of California.
  ELECTRICITY
  Prof*»*or F. E. Austin

 Of Natural Oregon Agricultural^

'•rcfewor Gerald Wendt

Dean. School of Chenlitry and Physics.
Pennsylvania College.

MATHEMATICS

Former ly^of "Dartmouth College.

                 ^qy

  William

Dean,

      ENTOMOLOG)

 M. Wheeler

 Busaey Institution for_

 Research In

     Applied Biolory. Harrard University.
 PHYSICS AND RAOIO
 Dr. Lee deForest. Ph.D.. D.Se.

 Professor C. Irwin Palmer

 Dean of StudenU,

 Armour Institute of Technology.
 Pr?f,?*7 ,A- Titoworth. S.M.
 Alfred University.

               MEDICINE
  Dr. David H. Keller

  Pennhurst State SehooL

PHY8IC8

 Profee$er A. L. Flteh

 University of Maine.

            PSYCHOLOGY
Or. Marjorie E. Babcock
Acting Director. Paychologlcsl CUnlc.
University of HawalL

             ZOOLOGY
Dr. Joeeph G. Yoihloka
Yale University.

These nationally-known educators pass upon the scientific principles of all stories.

Prophetic Fiction is the Mother of Scientific Fact

m

INTERPLANETARY “PLOT” CONTEST

H

     ERE is a novel contest such as we have
     never staged before—one we believe all
     readers will be very much interested in.

  There seems to be a tremendous interest at the
present time in interplanetary stories. Further-
more, practically every reader of WONDER
STORIES QUARTERLY, in his letters to the
editor, has expressed ideas of what a good inter-
planetary story should be. In a good many cases,
our authors come in for considerable criticism,
the readers stating that they
themselves could write better
stories! Here, then, is your
chance to prove yourself as a
creator of an interplanetary
story and incidentally win a
large prize.

  We know that it’s impossible
for every reader to be an auth-
or, but we also know that many
of our readers have excellent
ideas for stories that never see
the light of day. The contest
which we propose is nothing
more or less than to have our
readers construct plots for interplanetary stories.
You do not have to be an author to get up an
idea for a good interplanetary story and we will
show you below how you can do it rather easily.

  From the plots we receive, we will select the
best and submit these plots to authors whom we
think best suited to develop the story. The author
will write the story, using the plot submitted by
our reader, and the story will be signed jointly by
the author as well as the reader who supplied the
plot It is a novel idea and we believe you will like

        PRIZES          
First prize _ _  $50.00 
- -   25.00 
Third ”     • •   15.00 
Fourth ”    - .   10.00 
Fifth ”     - -    5.00 
Sixth ”     . -    2.50 
Seventh ”          2.50 
                $110.00 
it. This, then, is a get-together for readers and
authors and we are certain that some interesting
results will come from this contest The “plot”
contest is meant only for our readers and no
author who has previously had any story pub-
lished is eligible for it The author will receive
his compensation for the writing of the story.
In order that you can understand what we mean
by plot, we give you an outline herewith, which
is merely a sample to guide you.
“THE METEOR PEST’r
“A space-flyer explorer, cross-
ing the orbits of the asteroids,
discovers that most of the
smaller asteroids are hollow in-
side and are peopled by an in-
sect race, intelligent to the high-
est degree. These insects, 10
inches in height, are not affect-
ed by extreme cold and do not
require oxygen. They live
strictly on cellulose which they
manufacture in the interior of
their tiny worlds. Shortly after
the space-flyer returns to earth, an unusually
large number of meteors are seen in certain
quarters of the sky. Not much attention is paid
to this phenomenon until several weeks later,
when suddenly the entire population of the earth
becomes paralyzed and falls into a cataleptic
state, which lasts for several weeks. During this
time the asteroid hordes invade the earth and,
while our earth is helpless, they carry off all the
earth’s available radium and platinum supply,
(Continued on page 430)

 The

Next Issue of WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY
    Will Be on Sale July 1,1931
 Into Plutonian Depths

     My finger pressed the trigger. The strangers, one and all, whirled about and
     away along the corridor.

                                         294
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS

AS far back as I can remember, I have been
fascinated by the mystery of the heavens
and by a desire to reach and explore the
other planets. It was as a small boy that I first
learned that the stars are far-off worlds; and it
was as a small boy, with a small boy’s sense of
the adventurous, that I began to wonder how it
would feel to go sailing across the skies and set
foot on the shore of some
other universe.

  Here, to my mind, was a
feat beside which the ex-
ploration of a tropical jun-
gle or of a polar wilderness
was like a mere back-yard
expedition; and here, ac-
cordingly, was the focus of
my life’s attention.

  Encouraged first by the
tales of Jules Verne and H.

G. Wells and other rom-
ancers, and later by a pro-
longed and serious scientific
study, I slowly came to the
conclusion that interplane-
tary travel was not so re-
mote a possibility as men
were inclined to imagine.

All through my college days,
during which I specialized
in mathematics and physics,

I was secretly spec-
ulating and plan-
ning as to the pos-
sible ways and
means of voyaging
to Venus, Mars or
the moon; and af-
ter receiving my
Doctor’s degree,
when I was fortun-
ate enough to se-
cure a position as
Instructor in As-
tronomy, I took
advantage of the
well equipped lib-
rary and observa-
tory of Clayburn
University to fur-
ther my plans and
investigations. For
this reason, it is
not surprising that,
within three or
four years, I began
to come within
sight of my goal.

  From the begin-
ning, however, I must be sure to allow the great-
er part of the credit to my boon companion and
fellow worker, Andrew Lyman Stark. Despite
all my years of study and research, of computa-
tion and experimentation, neither the conception
nor the execution of the scheme would have been
possible had it not been for Stark.

  From childhood he had been my friend; we
had grown up together in the same little country

295

town; he had shared my boyhood enthusiasms
and delights; my dreams had been his dreams,
and his dreams had been mine: he had been
quick to take fire at every imaginative idea, and
I can well remember how, at the ripe age of
twelve, the two of us would sit together of a
summer’s evening on some broken fence beside
a cornfield and gravely plan the heroic deeds to
be performed after our
flight to some neighboring
world.

             I must confess that, in this
           respect, I was the initiator
           and Stark the follower, and
           that all his early astronomi-
           cal ideas were derived
           (doubtless in grossly dis-
           torted form) from my own
           studious lips: while from my
           superior eminence of seven
           months, I would set forth
           with professorial assurance
           the plans and opinions which
           he, my junior, had no choice
           but to accept.

            The strange part of it all
is that our relationship did
not weaken and vanish with
the years. Instead, the pass-
age of time only brought
closer understanding. Dur-
ing our High
School days, we
were always part-
ners in tennis and
baseball no less
than in our studies;
at college we were
nicknamed “Dam-
on and Pythias” by
our jesting com-
panions, and not
only did we share
the same room
but we attended
the same classes,
read the same
books, thought the
same thoughts and
burnt with the
same desires.
Hence, when the
time came for that
experiment which
was to mark the
peak and dread
climax of our lives,
it was but fitting
that Stark should
be a sharer in all that I suffered, dared and
achieved.

  His picture frames itself now before my im-
agination as vividly as his actual presence pre-
sented itself to me on that day when we exulted
together at our first triumph. I see his round,
sun-tanned face, dominated by two blue eyes
that seemed to bubble from inexhaustible wells
of laughter; I see a broad forehead surmounted

STANTON H. COBLENTZ

   THE discovery of the planet Pluto opens up
 to astronomers a new world for scientific
 investigation, and to science fiction authors
 a new outlet for their prophetic imaginations.

   As yet we know little about the sun’s distant
 child, and speculation as to its physical nature
 and conditions have arisen on all sides.

   Certainly Pluto presents a romantic aspect to
 us as the lone outpost of the solar system. At
 its distance from the sun, that proud globe
 would have shrunk to a barely perceptible disc,
 and a day on Pluto would mean no more than
 eternal twilight. Its surface would be intensely
 cold, tho its interior might be warm enough to
 support life such as we know it. But we have
 said enough to indicate that in that lonely sen-
 tinel-planet we have the source of endless adven-
 ture and drama, and our well-known author
 makes the most of his opportunity to give us a
 story that is not only exciting to the highest de-
 gree and filled with strangeness and mystery,
 but also possessed of that keen biting humor of
 which he is a master.
296	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

by a shock of wavy light hair that never was and
never could be in order; I see the thin lips which
habitually took a humorous or satiric slant and
yet did not belie the serious exprtession that
dominated the face; I see the carelessly adjusted
garments, always overlarge, always flung about
the tall frame as loosely as old sacks; and yet,
with it all, I see one of the most lovable figures
it shall ever be given me to set eyes upon in this
life. ..

  But let not friendship lead me into panegyric.
I must return to the sober facts of my narrative,
and report how it was that Stark and I came to
make our great and terrible achievement. Even
after our college days, our lives did not follow
separate channels; it was as if we had a twin
destiny, for no sooner did I become Instructor in
Astronomy than Stark applied for and received
an appointment as Instructor in Physics in the
same University! And so once more we took
rooms together, and were collaborators in our
plans and experiments no less than in the com-
mon details of our lives.

SEVERAL years now went by without bearing
visible fruit; nor must I deny that a period of
depression and discouragement preceded the
eventual discovery. By the time of our gradua-
tion, Stark and I had agreed that the possibility
of ever being able to leave the ecrth and travel
to another planet depended upon one factor, and
one alone—the force of gravity. Gravity at the
earth’s surface, it will be recalled, is so power-
ful that a projectile, unless propelled by some
continuous source of energy, would have to at-
tain a speed of almost seven miles a second in
order to be released into outer space.

  It was not inconceivable, we thought, that an
explosive should yet be produced to give such a
speed to a projectile; but what did seem incon-
ceivable was that any container launched at
such a velocity should carry living men away
from the earth. To begin with, the shock of the
departure would bring instant death even to
creatures much more hardily organized than hu-
man beings; in the next place, the resistance of
the atmosphere, if it did not destroy the projec-
tile entirely, would raise the metallic walls to
such a glaring temperature that the occupants
would perish in a tomb of fire.

  It might be urged, of course, that it would be
possible to accelerate the car gradually so as to
avoid fatal effects; but, unfortunately, we could
devise no way of producing such an acceleration.
No! it was all very well for adventurers in a
Jules Verne romance to go circling about the
moon; but, in actual life, it seemed that they
would have to be built of iron instead of flesh
and blood.

  Does that mean that Stark and I despaired
of achieving our goal ? By no means! it was only
that we did not minimize the difficulties of our
task. Since an initial speed of seven miles a sec-
ond, even if attainable, would be immediately
fatal, we must leave this planet at a much slower
rate; in other words, we much either reach the
required velocity by gradual degrees, or else
must rise in defiance of gravity. And it was the

latter method that seemed to us the more prom-
ising.

  I must here give Stark credit for a brilliant
theory, although one in which he was not alone;
for something like it was announced a little later
by no less an authority than Einstein.

  “I do not look upon gravitation as an isolated
and unparalleled force,” I remember my friend
remarking one evening, as he lounged across
from me among the pillows of a disordered divan.
“Rather, I believe it will be found some day to
be linked to magnetism and electricity. Gravi-
tation, magnetism, and electricity—think care-
fully about those three, Dan, for—who knows?
—they may hold the secret of the universe.

  “Personally, I have a notion that gravity is not
an absolute and unalterable force, which oper-
ates in all circumstances, and always operates
in the same manner, according to the laws of
Newton. No other such force is known in na-
ture; heat, light, electricity, kinetic energy, are
all subject to change and regulation according
to the principles which we create for them; even
radio-activity is to be found only under rare and
restricted circumstances; while magnetism is
limited in its operation to particular metals.

  “Why, therefore, should gravity alone not be
susceptible of control? Why should there not
be conditions under which its power could be re-
duced? Why should there not be substances
over which it has little or no influence? True,
no such substances have ever been discovered;
but that thought should not deter us, for is it
not the place of science to find the undiscovered?
—yes, even to find a thing so strange as a grav-
ity insulator?”

  “Gravity insulator?” I repeated, sitting up in
my armchair with excited interest, and allowing
the latest issue of a scientific journal to drop un-
noticed to the floor. “Gravity insulator, did you
say?”

  “Yes, gravity insulator,” he affirmed. “Af-
ter all, is there anything really surprising in the
idea? Is it not founded on familiar principles?
You are pretty well acquainted with electric in-
sulators, are you not? Does it never strike you
as odd that a lineman, equipped with rubber
gloves, may safely handle a wire charged with
current enough to electrocute him?

  “We can only theorize why it is that electricity
will dart through one solid substance practically
without resistance, while another substance, no
more solid to our eyes, will oppose it like a wall
of adamant. But we do know that such things
happen—and we continually take advantage of
the fact. And so why not take advantage of
similar facts with regard to gravity? If gravity
is related to electricity in essence, we should be
able to build an insulator against both alike.”

  “Heavens, Andrew,” I exclaimed, leaping to
my feet in sudden jubilation, “once we have a
gravity insulator, the highway to the stars will
be open! There will no longer be anything to
keep us on earth!”

  “Exactly! There will no longer be anything
to keep us on earth.” repeated Stark, as he also
leaped to his feet, and, seizing my hands, shook
them as heartily as though our goal were al-
ready reached.
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	297

  A moment later, seated side by side on the
couch, while his great eyes sparkled with a con-
tagious joy, we plunged into an eager discussion
of ways and means of finding the gravity anni-
hilator.

  I have often wondered whether, had we fore-
seen the weirdness and terror and heartache and
agony of the exploits that were to spring from
our discussion, we would have planned and de-
bated with such beaming eyes and enthusiastic
gestures; or whether, with grimaces of repug-
nance and horror, we would not have decided to
confine ourselves henceforward to the sober and
unadventurous duties of college instructors.

CHAPTER II.

The Discovery

NOW that I look back upon our years of blun-
dering experimentation, it seems extraor-
dinary to me that we should ever have found a
gravity insulator. Even though theoretically we
were on the right track, in practice our difficulty
was a little like that of him who would retrieve
a lost pearl from a wilderness of brambles.
Somewhere in the universe, we were convinced,
there existed a substance—possibly many sub-
stances—through which gravity could not oper-
ate ; yet neither Stark nor I had more than the
vaguest idea where to find that substance.

  That it was rare was unquestionable; that it
was beyond our reach was not impossible. Our
only clue in the beginning was to follow the
analogy of electricity: if gravity and electricity
were related, then possibly some material which
was an exceedingly poor conductor of the one
would prove also immune to the other. And so,
for more than two years, we experimented, test-
ing every substance of high electrical resistance,
and even originating numbers of new chemical
compounds; but, for all the progress we made,
we might have sat twiddling our fingers.

  We would have been less than human had we
not been discouraged; and I am not ashamed to
confess that there were moments when we de-
bated abandoning the whole weary quest. Yet
in us both there was some dogged quality that
did not permit us to give up easily; and so, even
when hope had all but left us, we persisted, and
daily performed new computations, and stained
our hands with new chemicals, and formulated
new plans of attack. But doubtless we would
ultimately have surrendered—had not the god-
dess of chance, or what we like to call chance,
smiled upon us unexpectedly. . .

  I remember that one morning Stark was ex-
perimenting with a new asbestos compound, and
had expressed his intention of subjecting it to
the influence of the X-ray in the hope of getting
what he called a “degravitating effect.” Why
he hoped to get such an effect; or why he em-
ployed the X-ray at all, or employed it upon this
particular substance, I have never been able to
determine; nor has he himself ever given any
explanation, other than that he was struck by a
“happy intuition.”

  For my own part, I know that, when he an-
nounced his plans, I merely shrugged indifferent-

ly, convinced that he was but turning up an-
other blind alley. What, therefore, was my sur-
prise when, two or three hours later, I peeped in
at the door of our little laboratory, and found
Stark bent over a table and a pair of scales with
trance-like absorption!

  It was some time before he became aware of
my presence; and as I stood at the door silently
watching, and observed how intently his eyes
were concentrated upon the objects of his re-
search, and how his fingers trembled and his
whole frame quivered with excitement, I too
began to grow excited, as though I already real-
ized that something portentous was in store. ..

  “Andrew!” I at length murmured, no longer
able to endure the suspense.

  He started toward me like a man who has
been struck; or, rather, like one sharply awak-
ened out of a dream. “Dan! Why, I—I didn’t
know you were here!” he muttered apologetical-
ly. “You—you gave me such a shock!”

  Then, after a moment of silence, his eyes were
animated by a flashing light; his whole face was
swept by a wave of exultant joy. “You’re just
in time, Dan!” he exclaimed, seizing my hand
and almost dragging me into the laboratory. “I
was just going to call you! There’s something to
show you here! Come, and see!”

  Reaching toward the table, he thrust into my
hand an iron bar weighing three or four pounds.
“Just feel this!” he ejaculated.

  I did as commanded, and remarked that the
iron bar seemed a most ordinary one.

  “Now lift the rod over here!” he ordered,
pointing to the table, on which lay a grayish-
green sheet of the asbestos compound.

  Wonderingly, I obeyed directions, and lo!
what magic was this! what an eerie sensation
overcame me! I shuddered, and trembled in
every limb; a chill crept down my spine; I had
the feeling of one who has seen a ghost. For, all
at once, it was as if half the iron rod had been
drawn from my hands; I was conscious of only
half its former weight!

  “You see!” cried Stark, pacing rapidly back
and forth, fairly beside himself with delight.
“You see! It works! It works! At last we have
our gravity insulator!”

  And forthwith he began expounding the prin-
ciples of the new invention.

I shall not weary the reader with a detailed
account of the experiments of the next two
or three months. That chance discovery of
Stark’s—that the action of the X-ray would part-
ly degravitize the asbestos compound—provided
us with a working basis that made the consum-
mation of our goal only a matter of weeks.

  It seemed highly unlikely to us that Stark, at
that first lucky stroke had hit upon the ideal de-
gravitizing compound; and further experiments
showed us, indeed, that by varying the propor-
tions, by introducing new ingredients, and by
prolonging the action of the X-ray, it was pos-
sible to increase the resistance to gravity and to
make any tested substance lose not merely one
half, but two thirds, three quarters, or even nine
tenths of its original weight! This, of course,
was encouraging, but it was not sufficient; for
298	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

so long as gravity acts at all, it would be diffi-
cult to surmount it. . .

  However, we already had the necessary key;
it was now only a question of refining our grav-
ity insulator, of removing those impurities
through which the earth’s attraction still oper-
ated. And this task was only one of patient
plodding and testing, of trying the compound
successively without each of the original ele-
ments, and of rejecting those which seemed
favorable to gravity. Thus, in the end, we were
certain to have an insulator which, weightless it-
self, would render any object above it immune
to the earth’s attraction.

  And so at last there came a day when, placing
our hands above the screen of contragrav,—as we
had termed our invention—we were conscious of
no weight whatever. It was as if our flesh and
blood did not exist; we could hold our hands high
in air as easily as we could rest them on the
table; while any small object—whether a feath-
er or a piece of lead—might remain uncannily
floating above the contragrav, as though in defiance
of the laws of Newton!

  Not wishing to leave any avenue of doubt un-
tested, Stark and I now constructed an experi-
mental suit of clothes, which we surrounded com-
pletely with contragrav. Though bulky and pon-
derous-looking as a medieval coat of mail, it
could be lifted as easily as a bit of cheese cloth;
while Stark, who was the first to wear it, per-
formed antics that would have made any pro-
fessional stage “wizard” green with envy.

  I recall that the suit, which was much too large
even for my friend’s well developed frame, gave
him the appearance of some monster out of a
dragon book. To observe the huge, gray-green
breastpiece and helmet, the immense shoulder-
caps, the massive knee-pieces and monstrous
contragrav boots, one would have thought Stark
crushed beneath the weight of his own apparel.

  Hence it was all the more remarkable to ob-
serve the effortless lightness with which he
walked. Literally, he was stepping upon air!
Each time his foot swung forth, it glided upward
gracefully to a height of more than a yard, and;
then, with graceful slowness, descended, so that
his movements resembled those of a prancing
horse, except that they were infinitely less swift.

  But a still more extraordinary performance
was to follow. Taking a sudden leap, he drifted
lightly toward the ceiling, which he reached with
a slow, easy motion. And then, waving his arms
before him as though swimming in the atmos-
phere, he began agilely moving midway between
the ceiling and the floor, traversing the room
from end to end with legs dangling uselessly be-
neath him.

  Even though I had anticipated something of
this nature, the actual sight was enough to take
my breath away. I stood speechless, while Stark
descended and slipped off the suit of contragrav—
and then what excitement and what a hearty
shaking of hands there was!

  “It’s done! Done! Done!” I cried. “Our
invention is a success! A marvelous success!
We can fly to the stars at last!”

  “We can fly to the stars!” he echoed; and,
with my hands clasped in his, he began to do a

wild dance about the room, while scarcely notic-
ing how many books or scientific implements he
upset ....

  It was sheer exhaustion that bade him halt at
last, and, panting and happy, fling himself into
a chair across from me. How flushed was his
face! How dishevelled his long, wild hair!
How brilliant the light in his scintillant blue eyes!
With his tie but half adjusted, with two buttons
torn from his shirt, with his sleeves frayed at the
edge and his whole suit in a state of ruffled dis-
order, one might have thought him a vagabond
or a madman. And yet, sitting across from him
and sharing the passion and jubilation of that
moment, I knew that it was the flame of genius
that shone from his glowing face.

   “There’s no reason for delay now!” his rattling
words came forth, when at length he had recov-
ered his breath. “We will complete our plans at
once! We will make our computations! We
will build a car of contragrav! Within six months,
Dan, if all goes well—within six months, you and
I will set sail for some other planet!”

  “Yes, within six months!” I repeated, enthus-
iastically. “Within six months, Andrew!”

  Why was it that, despite the exultation with
which these words were spoken, a momentary
shudder came across me? Why was it that, now
that the goal of my life was about to be attained,
I trembled, and felt vaguely uneasy? Why did
the phrase “some other planet” not have the
same enchanted ring as of old? Why was it
that, a term of six months having been definite-
ly set, I experienced a frightened revulsion, an
unreasoning repugnance, almost a flash of ter-
ror?

  Yet I knew that I was committed to the ad-
venture, and that nothing short of sudden par-
alysis or death would bar me from the highway
to the stars.

CHAPTER III

Plans and Preparations

WHEN Stark predicted that our great adven-
ture would have begun within six months,
he was letting his enthusiasm run away with his
sense of scientific possibility. Evidently he had
not taken time to consider all the obstacles still
in our path, all the computations to be made, all
the indispensable preparations and precautions.
Not six months but a year was the minimum of
time that we found necessary; in fact, the inter-
val lengthened into something considerably over
a year, while our days were passed in nervous
expectation, delirious planning, and slow plod-
ding labor.

  How much there was to attend to! First, tak-
ing advantage of a not inconsiderable fortune
which I had recently inherited, we contracted
with a leading iron works to construct a spherical
car of reinforced and tempered steel—a car
about seventy feet in diameter and fitted out ac-
cording to specifications that must have struck
the makers as curious indeed.

  The metallic envelope was to be encased in a
thick layer of contragrav; and this substance was
to be provided in one hundred closely fitting al-
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	299

though separable segments, all of which were
to be under control by means of springs and wires,
so that the occupant of the car could cause any
of them to fold out of place or to return to place
merely by pulling the proper switch.

  This, as will presently be seen, was of high im-
portance, for our chief motive power during the
flight was to be the gravitational pull of the
planets and the sun, which could be regulated
by exposing any particular part of the car to the
attraction of any desired heavenly body, or else
by withholding such an attraction at will.

  Second in importance to the screen of contragrav
I rank two powerful gasoline engines (likewise
enclosed in contragrav), which were to send us sky-
ward at an initial velocity of several hundred
miles an hour. Beyond the limits of the earth’s1
atmosphere, they would of course be useless until
we struck the atmosphere of some neighboring
planet; while the huge propeller blades, whose
weight would provide no practical encumbrance
so long as they were in operation, would have
offered a serious obstacle in outer space had not
Stark invented a little device compelling them to
withdraw automatically behind layers of contra-
grav as soon as we reached the upper atmosphere.
As for the engines themselves, they could be con-
trolled from within the car, much as an automo-
bile motor can be controlled from the driver’s
seat. To aid our propulsion in space, rocket mot-
ors using the new and powerful Hygene fuel were
utilized—thus permitting us to use at any mo-
ment the most efficient agent.

  I shall not list the provisions and scientific in-
struments which we held necessary for our flight:
the case upon case of concentrated food, the
barrels of distilled water, the oxygen generators,
the space estimators, the thermometers, barome-
ters, telescopes, and other paraphernalia; the
medical apparatus and surgical implements, the
electric storage batteries for producing light and
heat, the radio apparatus to signal the earth, the
gas-masks to provide us temporarily with oxy-
gen in case that essential were lacking at our
destination, the library of pocket-sized books for
filling the many, many idle hours en route v . . .

  Let me pass over all this, to turn to the thing
upon which all this largely depended. For, be-
fore we could determine the details of our outfit,
we had to decide upon our goal. And this, for
a long time, provided a bone of contention.

  My original suggestion was that we make a
modest beginning, and travel to the moon. Be-
ing less than a quarter of a million miles away,
our satellite would provide the most convenient
destination; a few days at most, and we would
be there! and the prospects of returning would
be far better than if we had sought the wilds of
the outer universe. But Stark would have noth-
ing of this idea.

  “What? Only go to the moon?” he cried, his
big eyes darting indignation, as thought I had
suggested something humiliating. “Why, that
would be only like a trip to the suburbs! Once
we’ve set out, we might as well make a real voy-
age of it! Sirius! Arcturus! the Nebula in An-
dromeda!”

  “Come, come, Andrew, you know you’re rav-
ing!" I shouted; and, indeed, a faint mischievous

twinkle in his eyes showed that he was not wholly
in earnest. “You realize as well as I do that the
nearest fixed star, Alpha Centauri, is more than
three light years away. Traveling at the rate of
one hundred and eighty miles a second—which,
you will admit, is fast enough for our purposes—
it would take us more than three thousand years
to arrive!”

   Stark gave a dry chuckle, and mopped his long
hair thoughtfully. “Well, I suppose I would get
a little impatient, waiting that long!” he mutter-
ed. “Guess, after all, we’d better try Venus,
Mercury, or Mars. Or how about Uranus, Nep-
tune, or the satellites of Jupiter? Any of those
should offer interesting possibilities.”

  “Well, then, how about settling upon Mars,
which is at least occasionally within reaching
distance?”

  Stark grunted, and Mars would undoubtedly
have been our destination—had it not been for
a circumstance beyond our control.

THE reader will recall how, in the spring of
1930, the scientific world was shaken by the
announcement of the discovery of a trans-Nep-
tunian planet, to which the name of Pluto was
given. It was our misfortune that this announce-
ment came at the very time when we were pre-
paring for our flight; at a time, indeed, when
our destination had been only tentatively chosen.
And the effect upon Stark was overwhelming.

  Something in the very name of Pluto; some-
thing in the thought of this forlorn ninth mem-
ber of the Solar System took an irresistible hold
upon his imagination, and for days he seemed
able to talk about little else.

  “Think of this strange, strange world!” he
would exclaim, while slowly he would pace up
and down the room and stroke his chin as though
weighing some momentous problem.

   “Think of it a billion miles or so beyond Nep-
tune, a globe perhaps no larger than the earth,
lost in the blackness of the outer void, its years
longer than our centuries, its seasons longer than
our lives! What stories it would be able to tell!
Are there any living creatures there ? Were any
living beings ever able to endure the terror of
its sunless, frozen plains? Would we find the
imprint of lost races upon its shores?—races that
flourished while the planet was heated from
within, but that have long ago fallen in the
struggle with the cold?

   “Just consider, Dan!—consider the scientific
value of exploring such a world. May not its
geological strata hold the secret of evolution?—
yes, the secret of the evolution of the universe?
May we not, after journeying there, be able to
propound a new nebular hypothesis? May we
not even have won the key to the Ultimate?”

   It seemed to me that Stark, in bursting into
such rhapsodies, was guilty of the wildest, the
most irrational extravagance. None the less, how
could I listen to him and remain unaffected?
Gradually, in spite of myself—in spite of the
protests of my own reason—I was coming to
hear him with a gathering interest, with a height-
ened pleasure; gradually I to began to draw pic-
tures of the joy of descending upon that remote,
shrivelled, sun-forsaken world. And by degrees,
300	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

without exactly realizing it myself, I was capi-
tulating, capitulating not so much before Stark's
arguments as before his emotional fervor . . . .

  Nevertheless, the final concession was not
made until after a long debate. Stemming the
tides of our reckless enthusiasm, I had performed
some sober calculations; and the results were
not of a nature to make me shout with joy. On
the basis of the probable distance of Pluto (its
exact distance was not known at the time), it
would take us nearly a year to arrive even if we
were to travel at an average speed of one hun-
dred and fifty miles a second!

  One hundred and fifty miles a second!—few
of the heavenly bodies were known to attain such
a velocity! And one year of travel!—one year
locked in a tiny flying cage!—even my lifelong
longing for interplanetary travel wavered before
such an appalling prospect.

  And yet my intended fellow voyager, when I
put the problem before him, seemed not at all
disturbed. “Yes, I have considered all that,”
he declared. “Have you entered into any pre-
cise computations as to the possibilities of our
contragrav car? Well, I have. You realize that
speeds of three hundred miles a second or over
have been attributed to certain of the stars and]
nebulae; but the reason that twenty or thirty
miles is seldom exceeded in the Solar System is
that gravity acts by checks and balances; the pull
of one planet counteracts that of another; the
moon is drawn, for example, by the sun as well
as by the earth; while no matter what the gravi-
tational force in one direction, there are certain
to be strong gravitational forces in the opposite
direction. Now, in our contragrav car, all that will
be changed. We will be subject to gravitational
influence in the direction we choose, and in that
direction only; there will be no checks and bal-
ances ; accordingly, we may attain a speed vastly
greater than anything reached by the flying com-
ets and meteorites of the Solar System. With
our ability to manipulate the force? of Solar grav-
itation as we will, and with our rockets working
judiciously, we can attain previously impossible
speeds.

  “But, on the other hand, the stars to our rear
will be as if they did not exist. And thus, Dan,
we may travel as rapidly as three hundred miles
a second, and reach Pluto in a little more than
seven months. It will be possible, as you know,
to exist in our car for that length of time.”

  “Even so,” I objected, “I cannot see how that
solves the problem. Traveling at three hundred
miles a second, how would we be able to halt
our flight? Would we not go flaming like a
meteorite to the shores of our fellow world?”

  Stark stared at me as if wondering whether I
could be serious.

  “Have you forgotten,” he demanded, “our ar-
rangements for the use of contragrav? Suppose
for the sake of argument, that we are within
three hundred million miles of Pluto, which we
are approaching at several hundred miles a sec-
ond? All we will have to do then will be to
close the contragrav windows on the side of Pluto,
which will cut off the attraction of that planet;
and to open the contragrav windows on the side of
the sun, which will let in the sun’s attraction and

reverse our ship to have our rockets retarding
our flight.”

  “True, all that will be possible,” I acknow-
ledged, remembering our previous plans and dis-
cussions. “Possible, that is, if we don’t wait too
long about opening the windows facing toward
the sun.”

  Stark grunted, and the debate came to a close.
But both of us knew that he had triumphed, and
that, when at length the time came to say fare-
well to the earth, we would direct our course tow-
ard the dim, far-lying Pluto.

CHAPTER IV

“The Wanderer of the Skies”

AS the date of our prospective flight approach-
ed, I was conscious of a growing uneasiness.
It was not that I wavered in my intentions, or
thought of withdrawing; it was only that I real-
ized as never before the appalling nature of our
undertaking, the hazards of thrusting ourselves
out into the unknown void, the probability that
we should never again have sight of this green,
familiar earth.

  Plan and calculate as we might, guide ourselves
by the most exact computations, secure the most
delicately balanced instruments that science
could devise—and there was still the chance that
something unforeseen would intervene, that there
would be some vital factor we had overlooked,
that we would cry out when too late, “If only we
had done this! If only we had done that! If
only—if only . . . . ”

  Even though we tried our best to shut out such
dreary reflections, and made our preparations in
as composed a manner as we could, both Stark
and I acted like men under sentence of death.
We made ouf wills; we put our affairs in order;
we secured indefinite leaves of absence from the
University; we left instructions that if, five years
from the date of our departure, we had not been
seen or heard of, our property was to be devoted
to certain institutions for the advancement of
science.

  Luckily, neither of us had any close relatives
dependent upon us; we were both unmarried, our
parents were dead, our brothers and sisters well
able to fend for themselves—therefore it seemed
to us that our lives were our own to risk. True,
at times I noticed a dimming of Stark’s eyes as I
mentioned a certain lively, black-haired girl with
whom I had often see him in conversation; but,
if he was unable to keep a pained expression from
his face, he would at least grit his teeth with
grim-featured resolution.

  It was with mixed emotions that I occasionally
visited the iron works which was building our in-
terplanetary car. As I watched the progress of
the seventy-foot sphere that was to be our home
for many long perilous months; as I saw the
metallic ribs being welded into place, observed
che storage compartments and the living compart-
ment in the process of construction, and wit-
nessed the adjustment of the various scientific
appliances, I was filled with exultation no less
than with foreboding.

It seemed to me that our car was being pro-
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	301

vided with every convenience and safeguard that
science could offer; and though I shuddered as
I contrasted the infinitesimal size of our vehicle
with the cyclopean distances it must traverse, I
imagined how it was to be the first of a fleet of
interplanetary fliers, the pioneer of innumerable
other-worldly expeditions; how cars of ten, fifty,
or a hundred times its size were to be constructed
for regular passenger service to Venus, Jupiter
or Mars; how, outlandishly crude in comparison
with the monster carriers that were to follow, it
would some day be preserved in a museum for
the edification of the curious, as the earliest rail-
road trains are preserved today ....

  But in other moments when more gloomy
thoughts overwhelmed me, I would see it driftr
ing as a derelict through immensity, or crashing
in fire on some rocky Plutonian peak. Then our
friends on earth, knowing nothing of the end,
would uneasily wait and wait, while unspoken
questions would tremble on their lips, and dread
anticipation would gradually give place to dread
realization, and mute memorials would be raised
in our honor—until at last, with the lengthening
of time, all interest would be blotted out, all
comment would die away, and it would scarcely
be remembered that once two scatter-brained ad-
venturers had vanished in an effort to penetrate
the mysteries of space .... Which of my vis-
ions was to be nearer the truth?

  Months in advance, the date of our departure
had been set for the first of May; while the place
of departure was to be a little field about five
miles from the iron works—a field to which our
car, despite its size, could be removed without
difficulty because of its weightless condition.
As for the date, it had been chosen after care-
ful computations, for on the first of May, we
found, the position of the heavenly bodies would
be such as to permit us to set out for Pluto with
a minimum of difficulty.

  Our particular point of departure, of course,
was a matter of little moment; but the field of
our choice had the advantage of being several
miles from town, and hence of being unlikely to
attract a crowd.

  When at length the fateful day arrived, Stark
and I arose early after an almost sleepless night.
We bathed and dressed in silence; we tossed
down a cup or two of coffee that seemed strange-
ly tasteless to our lips; then, leaving our toast and
eggs untouched, we sent for our mail, which was
featured by several warning letters from friends
and acquaintances, who urged us in the name of
the God of Reason to abandon the foolhardy
undertaking while there still was time.

  One letter, I remember, brought a peculiar
grimace into Stark’s face and made him dab at
his eyes savagely; while the small handsome
writing, of which I happened to get just a
glimpse, brought me reminders of a certain ani-
mated, black-haired lady ....

WITH the letter clutched in his hand, Stark
strode over to the window, and stood look-
ing out at the budding groves yellowish green
in the morning light, and whitened here and
there with the first blossoms of the dogwood.
The sun was beaming vividly from a clear blue

sky; the scent of blooming meadows was borne
to our nostrils; our ears were enchanted by the
chirping and carolling of happy birds. “It’s a
wonderful world, Dan,” declared Stark, gloom-
ily, after a long- silence. “A wonderful beautiful
world. I have never noticed before quite how
lovely every tint and shade can be. The air
seems so fragrant! The bird-song seems so
sweet! Do you think we will ever, ever see the
earth again, Dan?”

  And he heaved a long, long sigh, like that of
a man over whose head hovers a sentence of
doom.

   “Surely, surely, we will see it again!” I assert-
ed ; but I too sighed, and felt by no means cer-
tain.

  And I too, gazing out at the flowering woods
and the clear skies and the low, distant blue ridge
of a mountain, felt that this was a glorious, an
enchanting world; and, for the first time, it oc-
curred to me to ask why any one should seek for
a fairer, more interesting planet.

  Probably I would have been plunged into a
profound melancholy, had there not been so
much to be done—and had not the first of our
callers already begun to arrive. While we were
busily at work over our baggage, our visitors
frame in an almost incessant stream. Most of them
merely shook our hands, wished us good luck,
and departed; but we could see how dolefully
some of them drew up their lips, nodding as if to
say, “Poor fellows! this is the last we shall ever
see of them!”; and we heard how others, less
restrained in their emotions, openly pleaded,
“Well, Stark, have you finally made up your
mind? .... Well, Endicott, there’s still time to
reconsider! Better late than never, you know!”

  The morning was almost done when my friend
and I stepped into the automobile summoned by
one of our colleagues. As the car sped across
the fresh green fields and around the bends of
blossoming hills, we thought how soon we were
to make a vastly swifter flight through regions
vastly stranger; and, at that reflection, a great
sadness overcame us.

  It was a simple sight, an everyday sight, but
a sight now seen with new eyes, that stabbed me
with the sharpest and most lasting regret: a
young man and a young woman strolling arm in
arm down a flowered lane while we flashed by
at racing speed. My fleeting glimpse of this
pair made me realize all at once how much I was
throwing away in order to go groping through
the void; how probably no woman’s arms would
ever be entwined in mine, and no voices of chil-
dren and home, no comradeship in love and labor
come to bless me through the long reaches of
time. But I would go forth into the darkness,
and even if I returned it would be after years, a
man perhaps wrecked by hardship and suffer-
ing ... .

  Cursed by such thoughts, I at length caught
my first glimpse of our destination. A spherical
grayish green projection far in the distance in-
formed me that the contragrav car was in readi-
ness; and, as we drew near, I saw that an enor-
mous crowd had gathered (no doubt attracted by
recent newspaper articles); while motor cars
WONDER STOR' iS QUARTERLY

 302

were parked for half a mile on both sides of tho
road.

  So dense was the mob that all that we saw
was a great black mass, reminding us of the
swarms at a football game, and making it diffi-
cult for us to approach. When finally the
throng was aware of our presence, however,
tumultuous cheers burst forth; we were surround-
ed enthusiastically, lifted bodily from our seats
in the automobile, and borne on the shoulders of
the crowd toward the awaiting interplanetary
vehicle.

  We could see how its gigantic frame was
swaying and billowing in the breeze, tied by
ropes like a balloon; we could see its name
streaming from a pennant flung to the breeze,
the Wanderer of the Shies; we could see the small
windows, looking little larger than human eyes,
which here and there served as spy-holes in the
otherwise unbroken contragrav envelope; we could
see the two huge gasoline engines which lay at
the base of the sphere in readiness to supply the
initial motive power. But this was all that we
could see; the mob was so demonstrative that
we could do little more than to return their
greetings and to creep as speedily as possible
through the little door at the base of the Wanderer
of the Skies and close it upon the multitude.

THE time of departure had been set for about
three in the afternoon, but in the interval
there was much to be done: we had to make
our final tests of the apparatus, to determine that
the air-tight compartments were all securely
closed, to examine the oxygen tubes and the
water tanks, and to ascertain that the straps
fastening each cask and article of furniture to
the floor were all properly in place. It was with
a dizzy sensation, a feeling of being but half
present, that I went through all these tasks; but
finally they were all completed, and my watch
showed that it still lacked twenty minutes of the
eventful hour.

   Then it was that Stark and I returned to the
door of our car, flung it open, and took our last
thirsty glimpse of the world we were so soon to
leave. The throng pressed about us with cheers
and cries; Stark lifted wide his arms, and strove
to speak, but I was conscious only of a confused
shouting; while at the same time I saw a little
trickling from one of his eyes, and felt my own
eyes suddenly dimmed ....

  When next I grew aware of my surroundings,

I observed a familiar black-eyed girlish figure
standing across from Stark; I heard a sob, and
knew that the figure had withdrawn among the
many; then excited arms were swung about my
shoulders, and I felt pressed, pushed, pounded,
shoved back through the door of the car, which
closed upon me with a sudden sickening thud . .

  “Time!” I heard Stark mutter, as, watch in
hand, he stood before me, pale but composed.

   So saying, he pressed a little button labelled
“Engines,” and almost instantly the whirring and
thudding of motors came to our ears, and the car
began to quiver and vibrate like a living thing.
Another second, and Stark had pulled a lever
which, I knew, released the ropes holding us to
the earth; then slowly, gradually, and so easily

that at first I did not realize that we were in
motion, we began to rise.

  For a moment we slipped open one of the con-
tragrav windows to its full width of six inches,
giving us a clear view of the throng below. The
thousands of spectators were writhing, and
stamping about tumultuously, waving their arms
and pointing to us in wide-mouthed agitation.
But the sound of their clamoring no longer came
to our ears, and after a minute they began to
grow far-away, strange, like pygmy creatures.
Then, unable to endure the sight of their rapid
dwindling, we slammed the window and went
about the business of celestial navigation. At
last we had severed connection with the earth!

CHAPTER V

A Sudden Danger

HAD any of our friends been able to peer
through the walls of our car some time after
our departure, they would have gasped in un-
believing astonishment. They would have seen
men who seemed equipped with occult or magi-
cal powers, men able to walk in air as easily as
on the earth, men who glided from end to end of
a long compartment without once touching the
floor! They would have gazed at human beings
for whom gravity had ceased to operate, and
whose bodies had come to be of a feathery light-
ness !—no, more than of a feathery lightness! of
the impalpable fineness ascribed to disembodied
spirits!

  Speaking as one of the only two persons who
underwent the experience, I may say that no
conceivable sensation is more eerie or more
frightening; it was as if my physical bulk had
ceased to be, so that I had become a wraith, a
shade, a mere vapor. Not for hours could I over-
come the sense of having been “emptied out”, of
being only half present, or less than half present;
yet when gradually I began to accustom myself
to my new environment, I was conscious of an
unimaginable freedom, a buoyancy and effortless
ease of movement that was delicious as it was
novel. Soon I began to wonder how other men
were able to endure their slow and plodding
frames, weighted by the constant tugging of
gravity.

  It was not, of course, that we in our car were
entirely free from gravity. The attraction of the
earth had indeed been cut off by the contragrav
envelope; but we relied upon other gravitational
forces to draw us upon our way. The time of
departure had been nicely calculated so that the
moon would be almost directly overhead; and
it was upon the lunar power that we relied to
accelerate our speed during the first hours of the
flight, in addition to the use of our rockets.

  Then, when we were so near our satellite that
we would have crashed upon its surface had we
continued, we closed the windows looking out
upon the moon, and opened the windows in the
direction of Mars, by whose attraction we were
to be ruled for many days. The whole process
involved computations that had engaged Stark
and myself for weeks; but, thanks to those com-
putations, we knew to the fraction of a second
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	303

how much margin of safety we had, and how
long to continue in each particular direction.

  Let me now picture the interior of the Wanderer
of the Skies. Every cubic inch of space within its
seventy-foot frame had been utilized: there was,
first of all the main living compartment, which
ran from end to end of the car in its central zone,
and which, with its ten-foot ceiling, its couches,
its dining table, its small case of books, its scien-
tific implements, its gymnastic appliances, was
as varied in content as a museum and yet as com-
modious as any world-to-world travelers could
expect.

  Beneath this room, and above it—“beneath”
and “above”, of course, were now only relative
terms—were the storage rooms and the “oxygen
laboratory”; the first laden with casks of water
and with case upon case of provisions, the second
filled with appliances for keeping the oxygen
supply normal through the electrical decomposi-
tion of various oxides and of water. In addition,
there were compartments containing other con-
trivances, which I need not describe in detail:
enormous airtight containers for waste products,
which we had no safe way of emptying outside;
cylinders of gasoline for driving our motors when
we struck the atmosphere of Pluto; scores upon
scores of electric storage batteries, as well as
quantities of spare wiring and incandescent
globes; charts and maps of the heavens, note-
books, pencils and ink, electric stoves for cook-
ing and heating, fur coats and olher Arctic ap-
parel .... All in all, it seemed to me that
there was nothing which we had overlooked, and
that the thoroughness of our preparations aug-
ured the success of our expedition.

  Propelled by the gasoline motors to the upper
levels of the atmosphere, while above us the air
retreated in a whirlwind, we were only a few
minutes in attaining a velocity of three hundred
and eighty miles an hour. Up, up, up we soared,
at an ever-increasing rate, drawn by the attrac-
tion of the moon; while from time to time, glanc-
ing through one of the tiny slits or windows
which we drew open by the pressure of a little
lever, we could see the earth outflung far be-
neath us, its hills and fields gleaming in patches
of green and blue and brown, its lakes and oceans
shining in silvery, burnished sheets, its eastern
expanses featureless and black beneath the sov-
ereignty of night.

  It was only an hour or two before the whole
great globe stood revealed, a huge mass rolling
amid the blaze of sunlight, with polar caps frosty
and magnificent, with seas and continents streak-
ed and banded with snowy cloud .... Was it
here, on this fast-receding ball, this fantastic-
looking lump in the heavens, that we had made
our home, and that humanity suffered and
fought, and toiled and dreamed and aspired?

SWIFTER and swifter we soared; four hun-
dred, five hundred, six hundred, seven hun-
dred miles an hour was registered by the speed
gauge; yet, had it not been for the instrument,
our acceleration would not have been noticeable.
Once we had reached the limits of the atmosphere
and had shut off the gasoline engines and folded
the propeller blades behind contragrav screens, our

car showed no more vibration than if it had been
chained to the everlasting rock; except for the
changing aspect of the heavenly bodies, it was
not at all apparent that we were moving.

  Yet for hours it was as if we were falling
directly down upon the moon; so that in time it
became a little frightening to see its huge grim
craters drawing near as if to consume us, its pock-
marked face broadening as if with a diabolical
grin. Let me not deny that, while I had all con-
fidence in the accuracy of our computations, I
was a little relieved when the moment came for
changing our course. What if, for some unfore-
seen reason, our contragrav screens had failed at a
crucial time? It would have been a little dis-
heartening, I am afraid, to have had to end our
flight amid the wilderness of a minor world.

  But on and on and on we glided during the
days that followed; on and on through the silence
and emptiness, the earth now a planetary dot be-
hind us, the ruddy orb of Mars looming ahead,
while the sun’s disk was narrowing and its light
and heat were growing visibly less. Then, when
we were within a few million miles of our neigh-
bor world (whose delicate tracery of “canals”
had become apparent even to the naked eye),
we rearranged the openings in the contragrav and
adjusted ourselves to the attraction of Saturn—
for Jupiter was now on the opposite side of the
sun. Our speed by this time was tremendous—
well over a hundred miles a second, and con-
stantly being accelerated—yet, to glance out in-
to the surrounding vastness, one would not have
known that we were in motion at all.

  Rapid as was our progress measured by earth-
ly standards, more than six weeks were to pass
before the ringed planet stared at us from a dis-
tance of twenty or thirty million miles and we
shifted our course so as to be drawn forward by
Uranus. During the interval, we had been oc-
cupied with our computations, with the adjust-
ment of our scientific instruments, with telescop-
ic observations, with our daily notes, and a de-
tailed “log” of the cruise—and with sheer ennui.

  But it was the ennui, I believe, that came out
first, since the problem of passing twenty-four
hours a day in our cramped surroundings was
becoming increasingly difficult to solve. There
were our books, of course, but the earthly life
they depicted seemed so remote from our present
experience and needs! Again, there were the
gymnastic appliances, with which we were wont
to spend an hour or two a day—but our exer-
cises were weird and fantastic affairs now that
we were almost weightless!

  Then there were our attempts to signal the
earth by radio, though we had no receiving ap-
paratus of sufficient power and could not know
whether our signals were heard; and, finally,
there were the long, long talks we held, when
Stark would sit across from me, neither of us
smoking, since we must conserve our oxygen,
but both of us engaging in interminable reminis-
cences, or else in ambitious plans for accomplish-
ment and discovery on Pluto.

  Meanwhile the strain upon our nerves was har-
rowing beyond description. Even though our
flight was progressing as favorably as we could
have hoped, the long, monotonous pilgrimage
304

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

(Illustration by Paul)

Stretching out was a broken plain—fantastic
and irregular as the floor of a glacier.

might have proved fatal to any comradeship less
strongly cemented than ours.

  Despite ourselves, and for no reason that we
could afterwards explain, we would have fits of
querulousness and Irritability; we would sulk,
glower, and be ready to take fire at any chance
action or remark; Stark’s ordinarily good-natured
face would grow red with anger, and the sparks
would flash in his ordinarily kindly blue eyes;
while I would rave like a madman if a stray pin
chanced to prick my fingers or a misplaced pen-

cil did not turn up at the precise instant I de-
sired.

  But it was not only the monotony and the soli-
tude—it was something ominous and depressing
in the very atmosphere about us, something ini-
mical and deadly, as though in the sheer empti-
ness of our surroundings there brooded unseen
demoniac forces.

  As human beings accustomed to a warm, blaz-
ing sun, we could not easily endure the grayness
as of a wintry twilight, which overspread the
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	305

space about us long before we had passed the or-
bit of Saturn; we could not reconcile ourselves
to the sight of the diminishing solar orb, whose
waning size and brightness spoke to us like the
retreating fires of an irrecoverable home.

  Nor could we find comfort in the terrific cold
of outer space, which seeped into our car despite
all efforts to wall it out, so that we had to keep
the electric heaters constantly burning, and yet
had to dress in heavy woolens and be content
with the temperature of a refrigerator. To il-
lustrate the intensity of the cold, I need only say
that the water casks in the remote compartment,
to which the electric heat could reach only im-
perfectly, all simultaneously split open one day
—from the pressure of the ice inside!

  And if such was our condition when our voyage
was not one quarter done, what could we expect
of the long, long remaining months?

BUT let me pass over those months, except for
the terrible culminating events. Somehow
—since there was no choice—Stark and I en-
dured the long-drawn-out ordeal: somehow we
retained our sanity as we went gliding into the
gray void beyond the orbit of Uranus; then as we
swept onward for many, many more weeks, and
beyond the orbit of Neptune, not long ago deem-
ed the outpost of the Solar System; then further,
further still, down into the terrible abyss, in a
flight more dreadful than ever a Dante pictured
for an imaginary Inferno.

  Far ahead, hundreds and hundreds of millions
of miles in the distance, the vague form of Pluto
was visible to our telescopes, though scarcely
larger to the naked eye than a star of the sixth
magnitude—and straight down toward this dim,
elusive goal we went rushing at a speed that
would have circumnavigated the earth in a little
more than a minute.

  In spite of everything—in spite of our grumb-
ling and groaning during those final weeks, in
spite of the snail-like crawling of time, and our
doubts as to whether a return flight would ever
be possible through these unspeakable distances
—Stark and I had every reason to rejoice. Our
expedition was proceeding by schedule; no halt
or impediment had come in our plans; no import-
ant oversight in our preparations had been re-
vealed ; hence nothing seemed more certain than
that we should arrive on Pluto as we had con-
templated.

  Little did we anticipate the hidden horror
which, through no fault of ours, was to thrust
itself upon us from outer space, as though the
jealous heavens wished to announce that victory
was not easily to be bought.

  By the time that we had come within close
range of Pluto—which is to say, within a hundred
million miles or so — our telescopes clearly
showed us its disk, silvery gray and yet forlorn-
looking amid the star-littered blackness. Its ap-
pearance may be compared to that of a second
and paler moon; feebly illuminated by the far-
off sunlight, it showed but indistinctly the dark
markings that we took to be mountain ranges,
and the lighter spaces that were perhaps frozen
plains. All about us was a somberness as of late
twilight; the sun, a brilliant point whole infinities

behind us, seemed of less than the width of a
pea; seemed, in fact, little more than an excep-
tionally bright star shining among the myriads
of stars. Had it not been for the electric lights,
we would have been unable to do more than fum-
ble and grope about the darkness even had the
walls of our car been of glass.

  It was when we were careening through the
gloomy outer void—when we had been seven
months on our way, and when only an eight
days’ flight remained to us—that an event oc-
curred which might easily have precluded the
writing of these memoirs.

  Now that I consider all that happened in the
sober light of reason, I realize that the peril was
one we were constantly exposed to, one which no
amount of planning would have availed against,
one that might have ended our careers so swift-
ly that we would never have known of its exist-
ence. All in all, we were fortunate to have es-
caped even so long as we did.

  One evening—or, rather, what we called “eve-
ning,” for the sake of convenience—Stark and I
were about to retire, when a peculiar sound—
half thudding, and half hissing—attracted our
attention. It was not very loud, but there was a
dull, sickly quality about it that caused us to
stop short in our footsteps, with rapidly pounding
hearts. I can best compare it to the impact of a
bullet, for it had the same startling suddenness
and decisiveness. Yet was it not strange, was it
not incredible that such a sound should reach us
here in the seclusion of space?

  For a moment we stood staring at one another
with apprehensive glances, wondering if the noise
were to be repeated. Then, as instinctively we
glanced in the direction whence it came, Stark
gave a low moan of dismay. “Look! Look,
Dan! Just look!” he cried, as he seized my
shoulder in a faltering clutch.

  From my own lips, as I felt the floor stagger-
ing and reeling beneath me, there came a gasp
of consternation. “Look!” I could only repeat,
stupidly. “Just look! Why, it’s—it’s broken
through!”

  “Broken through!” he groaned, and darted
over to where, on the opposite compartment wall,
a small, crater-like bulge had appeared.

  The steel about the bulge had been heated to
incandescence, and to our ears came a low, suck-
ing sound, as of air escaping.

  Even in that first agitated moment, the truth
was evident. We had been struck—struck at
a sharp angle by a meteorite perhaps smaller
than a tiny bead—but the impact of the collision
had been such as to perforate the thick steel
envelope of our car. Our precious oxygen was
rushing out into vacancy!

CHAPTER VI

At the Dread Border-Line

TWO mariners navigating a small craft in mid-
ocean, who strike a sunken reef and find
the water entering in torrents, could not be in a
more precarious position than were we when the
Wanderer of the Skies sprang its unexpected leak.
Indeed, the plight of two such stricken sailors
306	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

would admit of some hope, since there might
be an island at hand, or another vessel might be
sighted before too late; but our predicament, as
we drifted through the gray-black abysses sev-
eral billion miles from human aid, seemed at first
to exclude every comforting gleam.

  The worst of all possible catastrophes had be-
fallen us; we were losing our oxygen, the main-
stay of our existence, the one prop without which
human life cannot even temporarily endure. Half
an hour, an hour, two hours at the most, and the
greater part of our supply would be emptied into
the hungry void, and we would gasp out our
lives in an unavailing struggle.

  So, in that first moment of horrible realization,
we both imagined; and our heated fancies, over-
wrought at the sight of a small hole through
which the starlight was visible, found only too
generous justification for dismal surmises.

  Second by second, as we stared transfixed with
terror, the low sucking sound about the aperture
seemed to become more pronounced. A faint,
barely perceptible wind was blowing in the di-
rection of the opening, where the air, we knew,
must be whirling in a minature vortex. Stark’s
face had grown ghastly white; his hands were
violently trembling; while my hands, too, shook
like leaves in a gale—but at first we could only
stand rooted to the floor, gaping, and doing
nothing.

  It was Stark who broke the spell. Wheeling
suddenly about, while his teeth chattered, he ad-
dressed me, “Dan! There is only one way!
Rush to the oxygen generators! Work them for
all they are worth! Decompose the last cask of
water if need be! I will get the welding mater-
ials! That hole must be sealed! Quick! Quick!
Quick!”	, ,

  Now what a contrast to our inaction of the
moment before! In an instant, the two of us
were flying about the compartment like mad-
men. I plunged into an adjoining room; I dash-
ed for the plugs of the oxygen generator; I made
adjustments with one, two, three, four casks of
water, turning out oxygen in ten times the quan-
tity we had ever attempted before.

  But it was minutes before the instruments
could operate; and meanwhile, in quaking impa-
tience, I saw how the wild-mannered Stark was
performing his task. He had secured the weld-
ing flame and metals—a flame which, alas! con-
sumed still more of our oxygen; he was trying to
overspread the aperture with a molten mass that
would congeal and shut out all connection with
outer space. But this process also required time
—time, the thing we could least afford!

  When at last the welding metal was almost in
readiness, the oxygen was so depleted that not
enough remained for good combustion. The
welding flame—our chief reliance—burned fee-
bly and low; at' first the metal would not melt
properly; then, when it did melt, it was solidi-
fied too quickly because of the terrific cold of
space, which was gradually penetrating our car.

  Shivering and faint-headed, we knew that we
must not give up.

  Our eyes bulged; our breath came in gasping
spurts; but we still labored frantically, though
our backs were against the wall. It was with

trembling relief that at last we found the fresh
oxygen coming to our rescue; yet, while only too
timely, it barely sufficed to keep us alive. The
condition of the atmosphere did not improve; our
heads ached unbearably, the flame still burned
but poorly, the sucking sound about the aperture
had not diminished; the welding metal, even
when it did melt, still congealed prematurely, or
else, being feather-light, was swept into the outer
void by the rush of escaping air. And at last
Stark, his brow covered with a cold perspiration,
sahk down in exhaustion, blew out the flame, and
muttered, “It’s no use! No use, Dan! Let’s not
burn our oxygen senselessly. We’ve got to try
some other way.”*

  “What other way?” it was on my lips to mut-
ter; but he had already sprung up and darted
toward one of the storage rooms. In a moment
he returned, with a large sheet of tin. “We’ve
got to force this against the opening!” he ex-
claimed. “It won’t block it whoily—but it will
help."

  “Good!” I cried, glad to grasp even at a straw.
Then I realized the value of the suggestion.
Why had we not understood before, that any ob-
ject placed against the wall would remain there
and close the hole effectively until it could be
welded? For the pressure of air in the cabin,
14.7 pounds per square inch in excess of that of
vacuum of space, would create a force to hold
the tin firmly in place.

AT last the hole was covered. Were we
saved or not? At first, panting and ex-
hausted, sprawled on the floor with throbbing
pulses and whirling brains, we could scarcely
put the question. We were almost beyond
knowing, beyond caring; we wer° conscious only
of dizziness, cold, and pain; we were like men
in delirium, and had only a delirious man’s fumb-
ling clutch on reality; we did not even feel great-
ly concerned whether we should reach Pluto, or
drift forever starward in an airless tomb.

  I believe it was Stark who first staggered to his
feet again; at least, I have a recollection that it
was his violent prodding that roused me out of
my lethargy and prepared me once more for the
struggle. “Come, Dan!” he seemed to be mut-
tering. “Come! It’s not quite so bad now!
We’ve got a fighting chance—yes, by heaven,
a fighting chance!”

  Or was it but my imagination that murmured
these words in some crazed dream?

  At all events, I knew that I found myself on my
feet once more, uncertainly staring into the
blanched face of my friend.

  “See, Dan!” he was reminding me. “See!
The oxygen gauge! Have you looked into the
gauge? Just see!”

  “The oxygen gauge! The oxygen gauge!” he
kept repeating, in tones that were weak and sep-
ulchral and yet revealed some hopefulness. “It’s
at the same level as twenty minutes ago!”

  Still I stared at him with imbecilic lack of real-
ization.

   •I can only attribute to the violent mental shock that the
sight of the hole produced in us that did not lead U8 to think
immediately of the sensible solution.
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	307

  "Don’t you understand?” he argued. “Don’t
you understand?—that means we may still pull
through! If we can keep on making oxygen as
fast as it escapes, we may live till we reach
Pluto.”

  A moment of silence ensued, while the fumes
were gradually clearing from my brain.

  “But—but have we time?” I gasped, when
comprehension had come to me at length. “We’re
not to reach Pluto f<?r eight days yet. We may
not have water enough for so long. Or our elect-
ric power may give out.”

  “True, true,” he admitted, hastily. “We will
have to hope for the best.”

  “Besides,” I contended, able to see only the
darker side of things, “even if we do reach Pluto,
we won’t have any water left for the return trip.”
“True again!” acknowledged Stark, with an ill-
concealed groan. “Let’s trust we can get some
on that planet.”

  And then once more, without, waiting for
further comments, he turned to the oxygen gauge
with the eagerness of a drowning man.

  Now followed some of the most harassing,
fear-stricken, torture-ridden hours and days of
our career. The tin had been welded on the
wall and over that same sheet steel. Now we
were waging a life-or-death battle with suffoca-
tion, and seemed never more than a few inches
in the lead; while at times, in our bleaker moods,
we could almost imagine that we felt the stifling
fingers at our throats, felt ourselves making the
last piteous gasp for air. In every way possible,
we were conserving the priceless water; we
drank only so much as was necessary to moisten
our parched lips; we hoarded each thimbleful
like an elixir of the gods; and every stray drop
that was spilled was painstakingly scooped up
again. Even so, our calculations proved that we
would have barely enough; while if our flight
should take a few hours longer than we had an-
ticipated, the probability was that we should
never set foot on Pluto at all.

  Under such circumstances, it is not strange that
we had reached an almost insane pitch of nervous
tension, so that every unexpected movement and
every slight unexpected noise would make us
start or jump from end to end of the room. Night
and day Stark and I remained busy with the oxy-
gen generators; sleeping in relays; eating by
hasty snatches; seeing that the highly charged
electric wires werte in constant contact with the
water to be decomposed—or, rather, with the
ice-cakes that held most of our water supply.

  Thus, as the days went by, we managed bare-
ly to hold our own in the struggle. The oxygen
gauge did not fluctuate greatly; sometimes it
went up a fraction of a degree, and sometimes
down a fraction of a degree; while most of the
time the oxygen stood at less than half normal—
enough to keep us alive, though not enough to
leave us clear-minded or in good health.

  Yet now it was that we had most need of being
clear-minded; for now we were faced with the
necessity of making a safe landing. Guided by
previous computations, we had to shut the con-
tragrav windows on the side of Pluto at a specified
hour and to throw open the windows on the side
of the sun, thus subjecting ourselves to a gravi-

tational brake while still hundreds of millions
of miles from our destination; and we had to be
sure not only that we were descending at a safe
speed, but that we were gliding directly toward
Pluto. At a predetermined moment we had also
to turn our ship about to use retarding rocket
shots.

FROM time to time, as Pluto came within a
few millions of miles, we would draw open
one of the contragrav windows for a peep at its ex-
panding features. But what we saw did not
prove inviting. The broad round surface still
shone with a silvery gray reflection of the sun-
light, and still seemed covered with disordered,
black-streaked mountain ranges and with light-
er-hued plains.

  But it showed no sign of anything beyond deso-
lation and death. Even with the field-glasses
and hand telescopes, there was no mark of life
upon its monotonous, bare expanses; no cloud
moved in its atmosphere; no evidence of city or
forest, river or sea greeted our eager eyes; but
from extreme north to extreme south, from equa-
tor to pole and from pole to equator, the plains
and mountains shone with something suspiciously
white and sun-reflecting.

  Why, in the name of reason, had we two deni-
izens of a warmer planet come to throw away our
lives amid this frozen wilderness? Was it pos-
sible for any creature to live in that utter cold?
Was there an atmosphere capable of supporting
life? Even if we did at last reach the planet,
would not our fate be that of many a lost Polar
explorer—except that, unlike such explorers, we
could not expect our bones ever to be found?

  While oppressed by such thoughts, we had to
face a fresh peril. We were a little more than a
day’s travel from our destination, when we no-
ticed that the oxygen gauge was beginning to
fall, to fall slowly and almost imperceptibly, and
yet with a steadiness that was disquieting. I
well remember with what a gray, worried face
Stark set out to investigate; and how haggard,
how woebegone was his expression when, after
an hour, he hastened to me in the “oxygen labora-
tory” to announce his findings.

  “Dan! Listen, Dan!” he exclaimed, in a voice
that shook though he tried to keep it composed.
“The aperture seems to have opened again. Only
a very little. But our air is escaping.”

  I stared at him speechlessly, with wide-open
mouth, almost upsetting a newly generated tube
of oxygen in my consternation.

  “Yes, the oxygen is escaping,” he continued,
more rapidly. “I don’t know how to stop it.
Haven’t we tried welding till our hearts are sick?
Then what’s the use of burning more oxygen?
Besides, we’ve hardly the time.”

  With the agitation of a madman, he glided
back and forth across the small room. One hand
was convulsively raking his long, flowing hair;
the other hand was clutching distractedly at his
heavy, recently grown beard.

  Meanwhile, I still regarded him in silence, not
knowing what to say. But oh, how I inwardly
cursed my youthful enthusiasm for interplane-
tary travel! Oh, how I wished to be back on
308	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

the safe, sound earth, never even to glance again
toward the skies!

  And now once more I heard a throbbing voice
in my ears, as if in a mocking echo of my own
dread. “Within a few hours, at the present rate,
there won’t be oxygen enough left to breathe!
There won’t be oxygen enough to breathe, do you
hear? What are we going to do about it?
What are we going to do? Come, what are we
going to do?”

  Halting in his rapid preambulations across the
room, Stark paused before me with fists violently
shaking, as though to fling in my lap the respon-
sibility for the whole disaster.

  I do not know how it was, but at that moment,
despite my feverish state of mind, an idea came
to me. And instantly I recognized it as the only
possible saving idea. “How about the gas-
masks?” I exclaimed.

  “The gas-masks!” echoed Stark, in tones of
surprise; and immediately his face was bright-
ened with a look of relief. “The gas-masks?
Why, I hadn’t thought of them! They will help
us for a few hours longer!”

  And impulsively he took both my hands, and
pumped them up and down with joyous agitation.

  There was no need for further explanations.
Both of us knew of the gas-masks, with connect-
ing oxygen tanks, which we had provided lest, on
arriving at Pluto, we should find the atmosphere
unfit to breathe. We understood, also, how
those masks would enable us to live for a while
in the car even should the oxygen disappear;
for could not the gas that we generated be emp-
tied directly into the small storage tanks?

  Accordingly, without a moment’s delay, we
rushed for the masks and hastened to adjust
them. They might be no more than the proverb-
ial straw flung to a drowning man—but even a
straw was welcome. And so the two of us, en-
cased in huge steel helmets and tanks, unable to
eat, to drink, or even to talk, looking ungainly
as dinosaurs afld feeling strange as men locked
in a bottle, were able to stare about us with feel-
ings of thankfulness and even of hope as we pre-
pared for the crucial last twenty-four hours of
our flight.

CHAPTER VII

The Last Lap

THE last twenty-four hours seemed as long as
the preceding twenty-four days. I often
wonder now whether it had been possible for
more concentrated discomfort to enter into any
man’s life: sleepless, hungry, unable to perform
most of the normal functions of life, we passed
our moments in one endless ordeal of waiting.
The steel confinement of the masks become in-
creasingly irksome; the necessarily limited sup-
ply of oxygen made us feel like men stifling in
an airtight room; the need of renewing that sup-
ply kept our hands busy at the same time as it
filled our minds with anxiety.

  All the while, we were frequently glancing at
the fast-approaching Pluto, which did not rotate
visibly, but which seemed, like its brother Mer-
cury, to keep one face always toward the sun.

The dread of arriving too rapidly, of crashing
down to ruins upon its surface, was constantly
with us even though we had checked each step
of our mathematics repeatedly. Hence we were
relieved to notice that, thanks to the retarding
rockets, we seemed to be moving relatively
slowly by the time the planet was spread beneath
us from horizon to horizon in an infinite, curving
sheet.

  We had planned to come almost to a dead stop
fifty or a hundred miles above the surface; after
which, balancing a limited amount of its gravi-
tational force against the gravitation of the sun,
and aided by the full power of the rocket motors
keeping us aloft, we were to descend at a
leisurely rate. I rejoice to record that we actual-
ly did stop as we intended—although not until
after the car had encountered a resisting influ-
ence proving that Pluto did have an atmosphere.
What type of atmosphere we could not say; yet
how we longed to fling off our masks and take
a breath of the life-giving air!—if indeed the air
were life-giving! But well knowing that, in
these upper altitudes, it would be too rarefied to
support life, we had to restrain our impatience.

  We now took but casual peeps at the ap-
proaching planet, which still showed the same
features as before, with its wide silvery white
plains and its broken and enormous mountain
ranges, whose snowy summits were offset by
sheer black escarpments and ravines as hideous
to contemplate as the craters of the moon.

  As we descended, we would clearly have been
able to make out the signs of civilized life had
such existed; no great city, no considerable-sized
settlement could have eluded our eyes, for while
the only illumination was the gray twilight shed
by the far-off sun and stars, still the frosty white
of the surface considerably increased the visibil-
ity.

  Yet was it not possible that some struggling
humans—perhaps just a little like the Eskimos—
existed unseen by us even amid the ice-bitten de-
solation ?

  During the last few hours of the flight, our
problem was to guide ourselves to a favorable
landing-place. We must descend somewhere
near the Equator, where we might expect the
least frigid reception; and we must be careful
to avoid the mountains, with their terrible black
gorges and crevasses.

  Fortunately, the plains were so wide that the
second requirement was not difficult to meet;
but to accomplish the first end was less easy,
since we were headed for a point not far from
the North Pole, and only by the most capable
manipulation of the contragrav screens did we man-
age to avoid one of the coldest spots on Pluto.

  Yet no matter where we arrived, it would be
cold enough. Hence, in spite of the encum-
brance of the gas-masks, we managed to array
ourselves in the heavy fur coats, leggings and
boots we had provided for the purpose, until we
were as thoroughly muffled as any Arctic trav-
eler. Let the temperature be fifty degrees be-
low zero, and we would now be prepared!

  But might the temperature not be even less
than fifty below? Might it not be close to abso-
lute zero? As I stared at the desolate frosty ex-
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	309

panse beneath us, I was stabbed with misgivings;
while, at the same time, it again seemed to my
disordered fancy that unseen sinister forces were
flitting through the gloom about us.

  “At last we have you!” I though I heard them
muttering .... “At last you have ventured out
into our domain, whence you shall not return!
At last! At last! . . . . ” And mingled with
those eerie voices, which surely were the product
of delirium, there came another voice, which
cackled insanely in my ear, “Look now at dark,
icy Pluto, the most forlorn planet in the universe!
Look, and behold a prophecy! Read there the
future of your own earth! A thousand million
years—a mere epoch in the life of the worlds!—
and it will be as Pluto is today!”

  Of course, I struggled as best I could against
such crazed thoughts. Of course, I realized
cloudily that nervous tension and the lack of air
had produced a fever, a raving madness in my
brain. But it was useless to struggle, useless to
resist. My head was in a whirl; I continued to
hear voices, and to see visions; the most inconse-
quential sights and sounds would come to my
mind: scenes from my childhood, scenes from a
laboratory at college, scenes from the iron works
where our contragrav car was being built; while
always a black-wreathed girlish head would nod
and nod before me ... .

THUS, rambling in a dream-like chaos, I grad-
ually lost sight of the real world; of the
white plains of Pluto drawing near beneath us;
of the electrically lighted car, with the grotesque,
mask-laden Stark laboring over the oxygen gen-
erators; of the aching pain within my breast,
where the overstrained heart had been panting
and laboring; of the prod of a furred boot against
my leg as my companion strove time after time
to rouse me back to life.

  It was fortunate that Stark was able to hold)
out longer than I; was able to retain some com-
mand over his dizzy brain, and to perform the
necessities of navigation in the last few miles of
our trip. I personally had lost contact with
outer events by the time we were within fifty
miles of the planet’s surface; I was no longer in
the car, but far, far away on earth.

  All that I know is that, after what seemed a
long interval of aimless wandering, I had found
myself back in my old home, the farm-house
where I was born, and was just looking into the
smiling eyes of my dear, long-lost mother, who,
it appeared, was not dead after all—when all at
once my nerves were jarred by the most terrific
jolt it has even been my fortune to experience . .

  I opened my eyes; the walls about me were
vibrating as though in the arms of an earthquake.
While I gasped and wondered, there came a sec-
ond jolt, not quite so severe as the first; then
horrible grating and crashing sounds dinned in
my ears; and, almost at the same time, the walls
quivered once more, though less convulsively
than before; then instantly there came a third
jolt .... and by degrees all grew still.

  Stupidly I lay on the floor, fear-stricken, not
comprehending what had happened. Before me
was a fantastic mask-bearing figure, whom I
recognized dimly as my companion. Yet when

he made violent gestures in my direction, I gave
no response; when he prodded me more energe-
tically than ever with his boot, I moaned inaud-
ibly but paid no other heed. Not until he had
gone dashing across the room, had flung open
the door, and had disappeared in the outer void,
did it come to my delirious consciousness that we
had reached Pluto!

CHAPTER VIII
Over the Blue-White Waste

FOR a moment I remained prone on the floor,
struggling to recover my wits. Then, with a
tremendous effort, I forced myself once more to
my feet, and, conscious of a great weight about
my shoulders and of a gravitational pull equal to
that of the earth, I stumbled through the open
door and out to the surface of Pluto.

  In that first confused glimpse, my eyes did not
take in the details of the landscape. Stretching
out before me was a broken plain, fantastic and
irregular at the floor of a glacier; huge bluish
white masses, piled and tumbled together in
crazy disorder, were varied by smooth glistening
spaces as flat as a table; twenty-foot mounds and
hummocks stood up here and there, and long
twisted furrows or cracks spread a spidery black
network across the scene; while the prevailing
hue, in the wintry gray light of the far, far glit-
tering point of a sun, was that eerie, spectral
mixture of blue and white, reminding me of the
cloud-filtered moonlight peeping down upon a
lake of ice.

  But all this I was to notice subsequently; in the
first bewildered moment of my escape, there was
only one thought to dominate my mind. I must
free myself from the gas-mask, whose weight
burdened my shoulders, whose confinement had
nearly asphyxiated me! I must unbare my nos-
trils to the open winds, must drink a reviving
draught of actual air! True, this alien atmos-
phere might be poison to my lungs; true, the cold
might freeze the very blood within my veins—
yet I must take the risk; indeed, I was frantic
to take the risk, and clutched at the fastenings of
my mask with blind desperation. And within a
few minutes, though at first my nervous fingers
would not gain any hold, I saw the mask yielding,
and felt the burning chill of the outer air against
my cheeks.

  Colder than ice, the air was yet less cold than
I had anticipated. It did not freeze my flesh,
nor did it strike my lungs like a blast of poison;
rather, it was the most delicious, life-giving
breath I ever drew. It seemed to me that the
atmosphere was lighter than on earth—light as
on some high mountain peak; but it required no
chemical analysis to show that it contained oxy-
gen!

  No sooner had the mask slipped from about
my shoulders; no sooner had I inhaled that first
inexpressibly sweet breath and felt the fumes
clearing from my brain, than I was startled to see
a monstrous-looking gray form shambling from
behind one of the tumbled icy projections. Cer-
tainly, my wits must still have been rambling!—
else I would not have jumped; nor would my
310	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

heart have leapt so turbulently and a little half-
muffled cry have forced itself to my lips. In a
fraction of a second I knew that this surprising
shape, whom my mad fancy had mistaken for
some Plutonian native, was none other than
Stark!

  “Oh, so you’re out too!” he exclaimed, coming
over to me in a delighted manner, while his
breath congealed in ice even as he spoke, and his
huge fur mittens shielded his face from the cold.
“I though I’d have trouble bringing you around!”

   “Oh, I’m all right,” I testified, although I was
shivering, and the sensation of the frigid air
against my ears and cheeks was beginning to be
excruciating.

   "Better get in here, before your face freezes,”
he advised, as if reading my thoughts. And he
pushed me through the open door of the Wanderer,
in whose electrically heated interior we might
enjoy relative comfort.

  “With our faces muffled in furs, we will be
able to endure the out-of-doors. Thank heaven,
the temperature isn’t as low as I expected,” con-
tinued Stark, displaying a small thermometer,
“See, only twenty-one degrees below, Fahrenheit.
Why, that would be called comfortable in the
Arctic.”

   “Why do you think it isn’t lower still?” I start-
ed to ask, but checked my own words, for the
answer had occurred to me. Since Pluto turned
the same face always toward the sun, and since
there were no clouds to interfere with the solar
radiation, it enjoyed the continuous benefit of
whatever sunlight was to be had at this great
distance. Were similar conditions to prevail on
earth, the temperature on the lighted side would
be so high that no life at all would be possible—
hence was it surprising that the Plutonian equator
was as warm as our own Polar regions?

  "Now the thing that you and I need,” declared
my companion, as the above explanation flitted
through my mind, “is food, drink, and sleep. All
about us, so far as I can see, there is nothing but
ice—it is just as if we had landed in Greenland or
the Antarctic Continent. But we can let all that
rest for the time being. Suppose we gather a
little of the ice and melt it to drink; then let’s
have a good meal and lie down for a long, sound
sleep. After that, there will be time enough for
exploring.

  “The very thing!” I exclaimed, and thereupon
helped to carry out these plans—with the result
that, an hour or two later, after a hearty meal,
Stark and I lay down amid our furs to the most
pleasant slumber we had enjoyed in many and
many a day.

RISING greatly refreshed, and consuming
an ample breakfast at our leisure, we never
so much as thought of offering up thanks for our
safe arrival or indulging in any form of celebra-
tion. Instead, our minds were with those we had
left far, far behind. “If only the folks at home
had some way of knowing we got here safely!”
meditated Stark. “Too bad our radio wouldn’t
carry from this distance—even if we could spare
the power. Well, it will take a while longer to
learn the good news, but our friends will be all
the more surprised when we get back to earth.

By the way, suppose we have a look at the earth
right now!”

  Leading me to one of the windows, Stark took
up a hand telescope, which each of us used in
turn. “Behold there our cradle and home!” he
cried, assuming an oratorical pose and pointing
to where, not far from the glittering yellowish
orb of the sun, a minute shining speck shone amid
the vastness of the heavens.

  “Behold there the cradle and home of all our
kind, a mere dot in the skies, a point amid noth-
ingness! Would you believe it, my friend, the
microbes crawling upon that telescopic mote are
said to believe that all the immensity of space,
the complexity of innumerable suns and planets
and galaxies, has been made for their especial
benefit!”

  With a loud guffaw, Stark slapped his knee;
then, pointing once more toward the minute,
barely visible particle that may have been the
earth, he stood peering at me with a satiric twin-
kle in his eyes.

  “Come, Andrew, can’t you be serious?” I
demanded, impatiently, for I was not in a mood
to hear my native world disparaged. “Let’s for-
get the earth, and decide now how to explore
this planet!”

  “Yes, but what is there to decide?” questioned
my friend, flinging himself into a seat, and star-
ing at me contemplatively, while his long legs
were outstretched before him in the most un-
gainly manner imaginable. “We will simply
have to plan for a jaunt of three or four hours,
and take equipment enough to last that long—
which is to say, our heaviest furs, a little food,
ropes and axes to help us over the ice, and possi-
bly matches, flashlights, and spy-glasses for an
emergency. Also, I think we’d better provide
our shoes with spikes, for I’ve found it mighty
slippery manipulating over that ice.”

_"Good!” I acquiesced. “Very good!” Yet a’

sudden shuddery sensation overcame me as I
thought of crossing those blue-white frosty
reaches. “But don’t you believe—don’t you be-
lieve we’d better go armed?”

  “Why not?” he shrugged, reaching for a pair
of revolvers that hung on the wall. “It’s unlikely
that we’ll encounter any living things; still, the
best motto in a strange country is to take no
chances.”

  “Now there’s still another thing,” I asked, be-
set by a doubt that had troubled me ever since
our arrival. “Judging from the looks of things
around us, do you think we’ve come down on
land ? Or is it that we’ve descended on a frozen
sea?”

  Stark twisted up his mouth into a peculiar wry
grimace. “I hope not a frozen sea—for that
would limit our opportunities for investigation.
We’d have to go up in the Wanderer again, and
come down somewhere else. On the other hand,
there’s no way yet of telling what is what. We’ll
simply have to bide our time till we find out.”

  I nodded; and, without further ado, we went
about our preparations. We fastened heavy
spikes to our shoes; we inspected and loaded the
revolvers; we provided ourselves with food, com-
pass and other necessities; then, so thickly furred
that only our eyes were visible amid the hairy
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	311

folds of our garments, we passed through the
door of our car, closed it behind us, and started
out across the wintry plain.

  Now, of all times, we should have felt elated;
for was not this the moment of dreams come
true? Yet, for some reason that I cannot ex-
plain, neither of us exulted. Stark trudged si-
lently at my side, absorbed in his own reflec-
tions, while his steaming breath hardened in
frosty flakes upon his beard and clothes; while
I, no less silent, was overcome with a violence of
melancholy and nostalgia that made me bite
fiercely into my lips in order to keep back the
tears.

  Perhaps it was the blank desolation of the
scene that overcame me, the interminable, tum-
bled wastes with their unreal, ghostly beauty;
perhaps it was the solitude and the silence, the
knowledge that no living thing moved in the
stagnant air, or crawled or flitted across the ice-
sheets, or called out shrilly or querulously to
mate or young.

  Had there even been some goblin monster to
animate the plain; had a polar bear crept out
from behind some ice-block, or a pack of wolves
skulked shadow-like to our rear, or some weird
toothed or beaked thing scurried panic-stricken
from our path, we might have shuddered, but we
would have been reassured; for life would at
least have been around us, and when is life so
terrible as death? But the absolute stillness, the
absolute emptiness, the absolute tomb-like soli-
tude made the horror almost too great to be
borne.

Lost!

p LANCING up at the gray, star-littered sky,
VJ with the remote gem-like sun set in one un-
changing position, I again asked myself what
insane choice it was that had taken us to this
world of waste and silence. Was there anything
to see here, anything to discover? should we
find more than ice, and further ice, and further
ice, with the pitiless stars gazing down upon
emptiness, and the pitiless blue-white wilder-
ness staring up at the desert sky?

  Now and then the swift streak of a meteorite
gleamed from the heavens, bringing us remem-
brances of an earthly night; now and then the
firmament was crossed by silken, wavering bands
of light that reminded me of the aurora borealis;
but, except for such flashes and glimmers, it
seemed to me as if this world would roll on for-
ever and forever without a change, without a
movement, without even the sign or phantom of
activity, meaning or life.

  Accordingly, it was a relief even to feel a
faint pulsation in the atmosphere; to feel a weak
wind arising as if to bear us thoughts of the
earth. True, the breeze made the cold more
difficult to bear; yet we could only welcome it,
even though it gradually increased in force; and
we plodded on our way with a greater assur-
ance and cheerfulness.

  Nowhere, however, did the scene show any
sign of a change; unending ice, varied by patches
of clotted snow, made up the totality of our ex-
perience ; carefully, but unavailingly, we looked

for the footprint or relic of some living thing;
while without expectation, and without success,
we sought for the sign of some crude dwelling or
hut.

  It was only after about an hour that we did
make a discovery; that we came suddenly upon
a great black projection with precipitous sides
fifty feet high, and recognized in delight—a
wall of rock!

  Simultaneously we stopped short, pointing to
this telltale object. “Rock!” we exclaimed, in
one breath. “We are on land!”

  “On land! Land! Land!” I repeated, as
though there were magic in the sound. “So this
isn’t a frozen ocean!’’

  “No, not unless it’s an island projecting from
the water!” exclaimed Stark. “But that isn’t
probable. Come, let’s look more closely.”

  As well as we were able, we examined the
cliff. Its beetling, weatherbeaten sides, over-
hung with icicles, showed a scarred, irregular
surface proving it to be come form of granite;
but further features seemed to be lacking, and
we were about to turn away when Stark called
my attention to some peculiar-looking markings
near the base of the rock. With the aid of flash-
lights, we inspected them closely, much to our
bewilderment—were they or were they not of
natural origin?

  Of about the thickness of a man’s wrist, they
were cut several inches into the stone in a series
of jagged, perpendicular lines, giving an appear-
ance remotely like that of hieroglyphics. Oddly
enough, there was a regularity about them sug-
gestive of human workmanship; yet, at the same
time, they were unlike any man-made markings
I had ever seen.

  Had they been caused merely by the scraping
and tearing of the elements? So I would have
liked to believe; for I shuddered at the thought
that human beings may ever have been here,
though in some distant, warmer age. A chill, not
wholly from the cold air traveled down my
spine; and before my excited fancy there glided
the ghosts of the long-dead Plutonians, upon
whose graves we might even now be treading.

  So long did Stark and I linger examining the
rock-markings that we scarcely noticed the
change in the atmosphere about us; scarcely no-
ticed that the breeze of a few minutes before was
rising to a gale. Only when the world resounded
with the intermittent screeching of a storm-wind,
which howled and hooted eerily from the far-off
vacancies, did we have thought of possible dan-
ger or decide that it was time to return to the
Wanderer oj the Skies.

  Even so, we were not alarmed; at first Stark
even found time for scientific speculations. “To
come to think of it,” he pointed out, as we start-
ed off together, “isn’t this just what one would
expect? Isn’t it inevitable that Pluto should be
a world of violent storms? The cold air from
the unlighted side must rush with terrific power
to the areas of lower pressure on the warmer
side; and this must give rise to tornadoes beside
which those of the earth would seem mere tem-
pests in a teapot.”

   “Yes, yes, undoubtedly!” I cried, realizing on-
ly too vividly the soundness of this contention.
312	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  But it was becoming painfully hard to speak,
and we hastened on our way without another
word. Progress, we found, had suddenly grown
much more difficult; the wind, sweeping about
us with a surging, maniacal fury, bent our heavy,
fur-laden garments as beneath an iron weight,
and the numbing cold penetrated to our skins.

AT times, confronted with a particularly se-
vere gust, we had to crouch low behind some
mound of ice, and wait for minutes before we
could proceed; at other times, on some exposed,
slippery surface, we had to creep on hands and
knees; and all the while the gale, as if possessed
by some mocking demon, seemed to be growing
louder and louder, fiercer and fiercer, and to
eat and tear at us with shriller, more determined
force.

  Amid the lunging fury of the elements, in
which white particles of ice and snow were
whirled about like sand-grains, it was difficult
to find our way; indeed, we soon lost sight of
our former tracks; and had it not been for the
compass, which pointed toward the south, we
would not have known how to retrace our course.
But inwardly we thanked the gods for granting
us this saving instrument; while, creeping, crawl-
ing, staggering across the blown and screaming
waste, we forced ourselves onward and onward
toward the haven of our car.

  I do not know whether there was some pecu-
liar electrical force in the Plutonian atmosphere
that played havoc with the magnetic needle; or
whether we had miscalculated our course or di-
rection, or the storm had made us lose our bear-
ings. At all events, I know that after we had
covered about a mile—which was as far as we
had originally strayed—we began to look ex-
pectantly for our car, but no car appeared.

  The very features of the landscape were un-
familiar; it seemed to us that the piles of ice
were higher than before; that the surface of the
ice was more tumbled and irregular; that the
fissures—which confronted us at frequent inter-
vals-^-were wider and more dangerous, so that
once or twice there was actual risk of slipping
into them and being engulfed.

  But all these variations :n the scenery, we told
ourselves, were merely imagined; for we knew
how different the same territory may appear
when viewed from various vantage-points.

  And so on and on we pushed, the storm con-
stantly growing more severe, our efforts constant-
ly growing more difficult, our panting bodies
drawing constantly nearer to exhaustion; while
the cold Vas seeping more and more bitterly
through our garments, and there appeared to be
no way to keep it out. Not yet would we admit
the peril to ourselves; but we began to look still
more anxiously for a certain familiar gray
sphere—a sphere whose seventy-foot form, when
we had last left it, had loomed conspicuously
above the surrounding country.

   Was it possible that the Wanderer of the Skies had
vanished like a bubble? Was it possible that its
enormous form, still more than half covered with
contragrav and hence light as a balloon, had been
blown away by the storm? We did not believe

so, for we had not neglected to moor it with
ropes; but, on the other hand, we had no way
of estimating the ferocity of the elements that
assailed it.

  At all events, we caught no sight of the great
machine; though after a while, with excruciating
difficulty, we had advanced a distance that made
it futile to continue. And so, moving slowly and
ever more slowly, we began to retrace our steps,
while our eyes hopelessly searched and searched
the landscape.

  The wind screeched and snarled more vehe-
mently than ever, with many a gust of impish
laughter; the blue-white waste spread out be-
fore us more desolate, more spectral than before,
while the small flying particles beat into our
eyes and impeded our progress. The dim, blink-
ing stars and the puny, remote sun stared down
at us from their same pitiless eminence, aloof and
uncaring; and we, crouching from time to time in
some dim recess or cranny in the ice while the
gale whirled and battled past, still pressed on
and on, we scarcely knew whither, across the
limitless, hostile solitude.

  Each tried as best he could to keep his feel-
ings from the other; but both of us, with sinking
hearts and scarcely audible groans, were at last
forced to admit that we were lost.

CHAPTER IX.

Into the Depth*

IN the lives of most men, there comes a mo-
ment when unforeseen death suddenly con-
fronts them. Some individuals, at such a crisis,
will throw up their hands in bewilderment, and
not even attempt a fight; others will struggle
although in agony, and will not surrender until
natural forces their capitulation. But in the case
of Stork and myself, there was simply no choice;
we simply had to press on among the gigantic
ice-fields through the growing storm. For the
conflict was wholly physical, and our minds set
aloof and helpless; it was a battle between our
own endurance and the strength of the elements;
while in the background sat chance, grinning and
unseen, the last court of appeal, the silent arbiter
of our destinies.

  Amid the sweeping, whirling confusion of
wind that beset us, beating down with a pummel-
ling force, screeching more furiously and ever
more furiously, and driving the tiny white par-
ticles in storms that grew thicker and thicker,
progress was by yards and half yards, by inches
and half inches. We crawled and we staggered,
we slid and we stumbled, we crept around ex-
posed boulders and wormed our way on all fours
through icy caves and fissures.

  It came to us, in a confused fashion, that per-
haps our best chance would be to make ourselves
a rude snow hut, in Eskimo fashion; but alas!
there was not enough free snow at hand, even
if we had known how to build such a shelter;
while we could not afford to pause, since only by
keeping moving, and moving, and moving could
we save ourselves from being frozen. Even as
it was, we felt the cold seeping down our arms
and legs, attacking our toes and fingers, nipping
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	313

at our nostrils and ears, and spreading in shivery
waves along our spines.

  By this time, half blinded by the vehement
gusts, we had almost given up looking for our
car. Within our breasts there was only numb-
ness and misery; we were ruled only by the stark,
groping instinct of self-preservation, and did not
know or plan where we were going.

  Only one thing we were careful about: to keep
always within sight, even within hand’s grasp
of each other, for once either had lost touch with
his companion, what would be the chances of a
reunion in this wailing wilderness?

  Yet, in spite of the hungry eargerness with
which we each clung to the other, I was to have
the shock of seeing Stark disappear. Yes, dis-
appear literally and wholly! vanish as if the
earth had swallowed him! He had been plod-
ding forward a yard or two ahead of me, crouch-
ing low like an ape in the effort to withstand a
gale that seemed bent on blowing him away—
when all at once his humped form was no longer
visible.

  I thought that I heard a dull, crashing sound,
accompanied by a scream; but such was the pan-
demonium of the elements that I could not be
sure. All that I know is that he had slid out of
sight!—and that I, stopping short and clutching
at my heart, could not have been more startled
had he evaporated.

  Yet the explanation came to me almost im-
mediately; there was some sort of crevasse or
depression in the ice. But that thought was
scarcely a consolation—what if he had plunged
a thousand feet below?

  It was therefore with intense relief that, hav-
ing crept forward a few paces, I saw a large
circular opening in the ice, and observed Stark
in the act of picking himself up from a flat sur-
face eight or ten feet beneath.

  Evidently his heavy fur garments had pro-
tected him from serious injury, although he was
rubbing his shins in a pained manner. But, hav-
ing descended, he apparently aid not intend to
climb out again; he motioned me to join him,
and this I did after some difficulty, for I realized
that even such a rude shelter would offer us a
relative protection.

  Even to this day, I do not know what pos-
sessed Stark and me to explore that depression in
the ice. About a hundred feet in diameter, with
straight circular walls, its very existence was a
cause for wonder; though it might have been due
to the impact of a gigantic meteorite. Why,
then, did we feel an immediate, " compelling de-
sire to study it from end to end?

  Shivering and miserable as we were, could we
not have made ourselves temporarily secure
against one of its rocky walls, and so have out-
lived the blizzard? But no! it was as if some
guiding spirit were at hand, protecting us, lead-
ing us on, assuring us of new and fantastic ad-
ventures, and providing that our voyage to Pluto
should not be wholly in vain.

WE had almost completed our circumnaviga-
tion of the depression, when suddenly we
stopped short before a black, pit-like opening in
the ice and rock. It was not more than seven

feet across, and was partly blocked with an icy
accumulation; but, despite this obstruction, we
were immediately struck with its geometrical
regularity of design. Even in the uncertain light,
we could see that it formed a perfect circle; that
the curves were much more exact than nature
usually accomplishes. Was it possible that it
was of artificial origin?

  Trembling at this thought, we turned our
flashlights fully upon the opening. The cavity
was black, black as the vacancy of starless space,
and slanted down on an angle of forty-five de-
grees apparently into profound remoteness. But
this was the least interesting of its features! Just
beneath the rim, and as far down into the abyss
as we could see, the rock had been cut out with
mathematical regularity in a definite pattern!
The floor of the pit was not unbroken!—it
reached down in a long series of steps!

  Or, to be more exact, the rock had been chis-
elled out in blocks a foot thick, a foot wide, and
nearly three feet long; while all the successive
chisellings had been ordered by the same plan,
and there was no perceptible difference in the
proportions of the various steps. Who could
doubt that they had been designed by intelligent
beings?

  For a moment, Stark and I stood stockstill and
speechless; then, of one accord, we began to ex-
amine the upper stairs in detail. They were en-
crusted in ice, which may have covered them for
a year, a thousand years, or a thousand thousand
years. Yet, from the thickness of the coating, we
agreed that probably they were of ancient origin.

  “Perhaps made by the last survivors of the
Plutonian race, before the cold exterminated
them,” suggested Stark, whose teeth were chat-
tering as he spoke. “Guess we’d better explore
a bit.”

  I must confess that that dark, mysterious tun-
nel, sloping down into the bowels of the planet,
did not look enticing to me. At the same time,
our present position was little more enticing;
we had found a partial shelter from the wind
and cold, but it was far from all that we could
desire. We were still swept by the frigid gusts;
our numbed fingers were still stiff, and the chill
had not left our spines; while the storm, instead
of showing signs of abating, was whirling about
us with a howling frenzy that seemed to be on
the increase, and the showers of small white pel-
lets which were shot down upon us were grow-
ing each moment more harassing.

  But if we descended a short distance in the
tunnel, would we not be protected? Would we
not be able to pass the hours in safety until the
storm subsided?

  It was with this hope in mind that, after a final
glance into the black depths, I nodded to Stark,
and the two of us slowly began to descend.

  If we had any lingering doubt as to the skill
of the tunnelmakers, that doubt was soon dis-
sipated. Down, down, down, step by step, each
of us guided by a flashlight, we made our way
into the abyss. There was no break, turn or ir-
regularity anywhere discernible; the walls above
us were smooth as glass, and the ceiling rarely
many inches above our heads; the steps were of
314	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

a uniform depth, width and length, and the angle
of our descent remained unvarying.

  For what purpose had the tunnel been de-
signed? Who had designed it? and when? I
could almost imagine that the shades of the
makers hovered in air about us; that they were

  Stark too, I noticed, was proceeding as if be-
set with apprehensions; he spoke not a word; his
breath came in short, heavy gasps; and his man-
ner was groping and cautious and his eyes star-
ing and questioning as they followed my motions
by the rays of the flashlights.

(/UtMlralion by Paul)

With the silvery meshes wound so tightly
about us that we could hardly breathe, we
were rolled away amid a gibbering escort.

grinning or nodding malevolently; that they
lifted filmy fists in menace, or opened fleshless
jaws in mockery; that perhaps they were crowd-
ing about us thickly as gnats, and all the while
were grinning, muttering, mumbling in some out-
landish tongue.

A Subterranean Mystery

    OME, Andrew, let’s turn back!” I pro-
posed, after we had gone many hundreds
of yards and found no change or new sign of in-
terest in the whole long gallery.
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	315

  He stopped short, and peered at me in a
doubtful silence; then haltingly requested, “Just
a little further, Dan. This tunnel must lead
somewhere. Let’s find out where.”

  “Oh, very well,” I conceded, reluctantly. And
as we silently started once more into the gloomy
recesses, I felt for my revolver to make sure that
it would be ready in case of need. But how
guess what a tremendous difference that last de-
cision of ours would make?

  Before we had gone a dozen paces, I felt Stark
clutching at my arm in sudden excitement.
“Look!” he exclaimed, sharply. “Look, Dan!
See!—there ahead of us!—on the wall!”
“What’s there ahead of us?” I demanded, with
a start of fright; while to my mind came visions
of gruesome subterranean creatures.

  The beams of the flashlight were now focused
in a revealing circle upon a point almost within
hand’s grasp. And instantly I saw! The wall
was covered with markings!—deeply engraved
markings in a series of jagged, perpendicular
lines, similar to those we had observed above
ground!

  “Well, what do you say to that?” cried Stark,
grasping me about the shoulders in quaking agi-
tation. “The writing of some intelligent peo-
ple!”

  I stood staring at the hieroglyphics, too much
astonished to reply. Were the makers of the
markings still alive? Or had they all perished
ages ago?

  But if they were still living, would it not be
perilous to thrust ourselves upon them without
formality? So I demanded of Stark, who only
laughed at my misgivings. “What? Afraid of
dead men?” he mocked. “Why, most likely
there hasn’t been another living thing down here
for a million years!”

  Even as he finished these words, his whole
form shuddered convulsively; once more I felt
him clutching violently at my arm. “Dan!
Dan!” he ejaculated, hoarsely, while staring
down the long passageway like one who has seen
a ghost. “Alight! Alight!”

  “What light?” I demanded, while a wave of
dread shot down my spine.

  “A light down there! Way down there!” he
mumbled, pointing into the depths of the tun-
nel. “I saw it plainly!”

  For several seconds I gaped in the indicated
direction. But only the deep, unyielding black-
ness met my eyes.

  “Don’t you think your imagination is running
away with you?” I remonstrated. “Evidently
the darkness is getting on your nerves. Didn’t
you say only dead men—”

  “Why, there it is! There it is again!” he
shrilled, in the same startled manner as before.
“I saw it clearly—a low, dim light! It seemed
to glide across my range of vision—and vanish.
Like a lamp carried by a human hand!”

  “Strange that you saw it and I didn’t!” I pro-
tested, while struggling to keep up my own cour-
age. “Come now, I’m sure there’s actually noth-
ing there.” And then, after a momentary sil-
ence, “Well, ready to go back now?”

  “Go back?” he echoed. “Go back, just when
things begin to get interesting? No, Dan, not

me! I’m going to see what caused that light!
I’m sure it was no hallucination!”

  Although it was my own private hope that it
was indeed no hallucination, what could I do but
agree to accompany Stark?

  But now until now had I been conscious of the
full terror, the full uncertainty of our adventure.
Here we were, the two of us, travelers from a
far-off world, descending a tunnel of whose pur-
pose or builders we knew nothing; descending
into the depths of an unknown planet, perhaps
into the very arms of merciless foes.

  The smooth, sloping stone walls, reaching
through the darkness just above our heads and
all about us, suddenly struck us as intolerably
confiding; the still, musty air, permeated with
the mouldy odors of centuries, seemed dismal and
noxious as the air of a prison. The curious
acoustics of the tunnel, in which every whisper
sounded preternaturally loud and every mutter-
ing was magnified into a roar, had a tormenting
effect upon one with overwrought nerves; while
the heavy breathing of my companion as we cau-
tiously stepped down and down, our flashlights
wavering through the blackness, served only to
accentuate my sense of something heavy bear-
ing down upon us, something ominous, something
foreboding, something eerie and unparalleled in
human experience.

  I have no idea how long that descent continued.
It may have been only minutes, but it seemed like
hours; I have only the impression that we cover-
ed hundreds of steps without noticing any dif-
ference in the straight, sloping vastness of the
gallery. All the while, however, I was aware
that the air was growing denser and mustier; and
that the temperature was rising, until our fur
coats were becoming a burden. So profusely,
indeed, were we perspiring, and so heavily were
we breathing that at last it seemed a matter of a
few paces at most before we would have to halt
or turn back.

MEANWHILE, though we both kept steady
watch, the lights which Stark claimed to
have seen did not reappear. I was becoming
more and more confirmed in my opinion that
they had been mere illusions—when all at once
my own eyes beheld something which made me
gasp and stop short. It was not exactly a light;
rather, it was the suggestion of a light; the black-
ness ahead of us seemed not quite so black as
before, seemed to have been softened to a blank,
heavy gray, like that of skies at late twilight.
So gradually had the change occurred that I had
not noticed how or wh&n it came about!

  “Well, what’s that?” demanded Stark, who
had observed the phenomenon simultaneously.
“Surely, there is light ahead!”

  “Better not be too sure,” I cautioned. “It may
vanish—like those other lights you saw.”

  Stark grinned, and started energetically on his
way again. And I, who had no course but to
follow, jogged in his footsteps while my gaze
still searched and searched the abysses beneath.
To my astonishment, the deep gray circle below
gradually grew a little less hazy of outline; grad-
ually began to be penetrated by a dull illumina-
tion from some mysterious source. And at the
316	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

same time, as if to add to our bewilderment, our
cheeks were fanned all at once by a faint current
of air,—faint, but unmistakable, and wonderfully
refreshing to our nostrils!

  "Where under heaven can that breeze come
from—here, hundreds of feet underground?” it
was on my lips to ask. But I kept my thoughts
to myself, while my eyes were fascinated by that
dim luster ahead of us, a luster gradually ex-
panding into a faint silvery whiteness, with
something of a ghostly quality that made it seem
like a lantern viewed in a dream.

  “Surely, surely, we are dreaming!” I told my-
self; and I bit my lip and prodded my own sides
to make sure that I was awake. For how, in cold
actuality, was it possible to find light here be-
neath the planet’s surface?

  “Radio-activity, perhaps. Yes, radio-activity.
Or else some buried volcanic fire,” I was assur-
ing myself—when of a sudden we made the most
surprising discovery of all.

  Without warning, our tunnel had come to an
end! Due to some deceptive arrangement in the
faint silvery light, which presented the illusion
of interminable distances still to be covered, we
had reached the bottom while we imagined that
we were still on the way! Not precisely the bot-
tom, it is true!—but the bottom of our own tun-
nel, which emptied into a greater cavern whose
existence we had not previously suspected.

  This second gallery, which extended in a hori-
zontal direction as far as our eyes could follow,
was the source of the mysterious silver illumina-
tion, which still remained mysterious, since it
filled the corridor from no visible luminary. The
gallery itself was of the most singular shape
imaginable—its sides were patterned on the plan
of an equilateral triangle, and the distance from
the base to the apex was perhaps twenty feet.

  As for the floors and walls, they were hewn
out of solid granite varied by the peculiar jagged
markings we had already observed; while so
even were the lines of the corridor, and so exact
the proportions, that we murmured in surprise
at the engineering skill of the excavators.

  From the bottom of our tunnel to the floor of
the gallery there was a drop of about six or
eight feet; but we observed no ladder, stairway
or other easy means of descent. The question
now arose whether or not to go down to the floor
of the main gallery; for while it would be simple
enough to climb back if we had the time, we
were by no means certain of being able to re-
turn in an emergency—and we well knew that
an emergency might arise.

   “Well, at least, we have our revolvers,” point-
ed out Stark, tapping significantly at his belt.
“If the worst comes to the worst, we’ll have a
fighting chance.”

   “Still, wouldn’t it be wiser to stay here for a
while and see what happens?” I suggested.
Personally, I prefer to look before I leap.”

  I do not know what it was that overcame me
at that moment; whether it was merely by the
irony of the fates that I lost my footing, or
whether the sly hand of Stark helped the fates
along. At all events, I do know that, an instant
later, I had gone whirling through vacancy and

found myself sprawled on the surface of the
lower gallery.

  It was under the plea of coming to my rescue
that Stark slipped down beside me, and laugh-
ingly ascertained that my worst injury was a
skinned knee. But it seemed to me that there
was a tinge of triumphant joy in his tone as he
proposed, “Well, Dan, since we’re here, suppose
we stay? I’m all ready, if you are. Shall we
start out to the right—or the left?”

  And with these words our exploration of the
triangular gallery began.

CHAPTER X

The Creatures of the Cavern

IT was only a few minutes before our discover-
ies began to multiply. The triangular gallery,
along whose interminable reaches we had begun
to wander, was only one out of the many! Other
galleries, not triangular in shape, but curved or
rectangular, shot out in all directions like side-
streets from a city’s central thoroughfare. Some
of these were of smaller proportions; one or two
were of equal size or larger; but all alike were
cut with mathematical regularity through the
solid rock; all were glowing with a faint radiance
from some invisible source, and all were desert-
ed as a tomb.

  As if these branching corridors were not suf-
ficient cause for wonder, we camc at length into
a sort of court, octagonal in shape, and with a
ceiling about fifty feet high. Its surprising fea-
tures were not the smoothness or the evenness
of the walls, but rather the designs that decor-
ated them,—designs blended in every conceiva-
ble hue and shade—a veritable symphony of
color!

  What they represented we could not say; all
that we could make out was a confusion of
strange, whirling, writhing, sinuous forms, in
which creatures half human-shaped were doing
a snake-like dance. But, surely, the evidences of
human handiwork were accumulating to a dis-
quieting extent!

  Leaving the multihued court, we were cautious
to advance'always in a straight line, lest we lose
our way amid the labyrinth. But already we
had gone too far; about a mile or a mile and a
half from our point of descent, our gallery
abruptly started downward, at an angle of twen-
ty or twenty-five degrees. And Stark, advanc-
ing despite my protest, made two discoveries af-
ter going only a few yards; a large metallic
screen-like arrangement on the upper walls of
the corridor, through which the air was able to
flow as through a ventilator; and an enormous
opening, five or six feet across, which gaped
from the floor of the tunnel, but was likewise
covered with a metallic screen.

  Curiously the two of us bent down to examine
this unexpected device. The metal, which
seemed to be some sort of an iron or iron-and-
nickel alloy, was fresh-looking and beautifully
polished, almost as though placed here only yes-
terday. . Could this appearance be deceptive?

Even as this question flashed through our
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	317

minds, it was answered from an unlooked-for
source.

  All at once, our ears were startled by a loud
rattling sound. Only a few yards away, where
the gallery began its descent, a heavy sheet of
metal, propelled by no visible power, was clat-
tering from its hiding-place among the rocks,
to cover the tunnel-entrance and cut off our
path of retreat. Its movement was not rapid—
but, alas! we observed it just a fraction of a sec-
ond too late; in our terror-stricken dash for the
entrance, we had just time to thrust our hands
through the closing aperture, and then to with-
draw them in haste lest they be crushed.

  Now, while we stood staring at one another
with drawn white faces, a still more frightening
demonstration met our ears. There was a roar-
ing from the screen-covered hole in the floor;
a tremendous gust of foul-smelling hot air, like a
furnace blast, burst out upon us; we found our-
selves in the midst of a perfect gale of heat and
of evil, unimaginable odors, which blew upward
from the floor with such violence that we had
to struggle to retain our balance.

  How furiously we stormed now at the closed
gateway! beating at the unimpressionable metal
till our fists were bruised and bloody! crying out
till our lungs were hoarse with insane screams
and pleas! Over us both the idea had flashed
that our presence had been discovered; that the
builders of the galleries, seeing us although un-
seen by us, had devised a scheme to snare and
asphyxiate us. Were we to be doomed like rats
in a trap?—to be slain without even a chance for
our lives? So we imagined, as we stood there
clutching and beating at the wall, while over us
both there rushed a mad, all-powerful desire for
freedom, for fresh air, for the unhampered open
spaces.

  Possibly our imprisonment lasted for many
minutes; possibly it endured only a minute or
two, as the clock records time. Yet whole worlds
of suffering and terror were condensed into that
period; whole worlds of screaming, tense-fisted
fury; a dozen miserable deaths—the concen-
trated wretchedness of a lifetime! What then
was our joy when the roaring in our ears sud-
denly subsided! When the wind of foul vapors
ceased, and we found ourselves once more in
silence! With manifest relief glowing on fea-
tures that looked years older, we stared speech-
lessly at one another—after all, we were not to
be asphyxiated!

  But now appeared a new source of alarm.
What were those strange noises, those hoarse,
gruff noises, which arose from beyond the closed
gate? I can best liken them to the grunts of
savage beasts, to the mutterings of enraged griz-
zlies—even to hear them was to shudder. Yet
did they not have a variety, a persistency of ut-
terance that was not quite beast-like?

MINUTE after minute those sounds contin-
ued, sometimes barely audible, sometimes
rising in a swift booming succession, sometimes
subsiding to a sort of throaty drawling especially
unpleasant to our ears. Oh, that we had had
the eyes to see through that wall of metal!

  “Whatever they are, do they know we’re inside

here?” whispered Stark, in tones almost too low
for me to hear. “Shall I give them a reminder?”

  “Better not,” I cautioned, feeling for my re-
volver. But after a muttered, “Anything’s bet-
ter than staying here!”, my comrade let forth a
yell at the top of his voice.

  The effect was instantaneous. The sounds
from behind the wall rose in a swift, guttural
chorus, as though many individuals wished to be
heard all at once. There was a series of bellow-
ings and shrill cries, mingled with lower-voiced
ejaculations suggestive of surprise; then followed
some confused gabblings, and some mutterings
so low that we could scarcely hear them—then
all at once, to our consternation, there came a
clattering sound, and the metallic gate slowly
drew open.

  We may have been prepared for some curious
sights, but surely we had expected nothing like
the strange reality. Here were not the beasts
which the gruff voices had led us to expect! Yet
her§ were creatures only remotely human! Half
a dozen shimmering forms, slender as children,
but close to seven feet in height, stood before us
in many-colored costumes of rainbow design.
Their faces, doughy pallid, were each dominated
by two enormous bulging greenish eyes; their
long pole-like arms and legs were naked, their
high foreheads were overlooked by pates inno-
cent of hair, their many-jointed fingers were
nearly a foot in length, and numbered seven on
each hand.

  But what really distinguished the creatures—
what gave them their singular, unearthly appear-
ance, and set them off from humanity—was not
their size or bulging eyes or the length or num-
ber of their fingers, but a glowing phosphores-
cent orb about three inches in diameter which
grew in a socket at the top of the head of each
of them—a lantern of flesh and blood, reminding
me of the lights of deep-sea fishes!

  At the first glimpse, we could do litile more
than take in the general features of the strang-
ers. Meanwhile they were performing a s:milar
service for us; for a moment, they stared at us
without moving, while their greenish, baby-
small mouths slid open, and their greenish eyes
burnt and glittered queerly, and the lanterns on
their heads flashed more brightly and more
brightly, changing weirdly in hue, till they look-
ed like golden searchlights.

  Then all at once—almost before we had re-
covered from our first gasp of surprise—a pecu-
liar babbling arose simultaneously from all the
creatures, their lamps took on a lavender tint,
and their thin forms rocked back and forth in
the throes of some uncontrollable convulsion.
Not until this demonstration had lasted many sec-
onds; not until they began tapping, tapping sig-
nificantly at their heads, did we realize that
they were laughing.

  Afterwards, we were to understand that the
reason for their laughter was that we had no
head-lamps—which made us seem as strange to
them as a man without any head at all would
seem to us. But this we did not realize at the
time; hence we grew indignant to meet with
such an unseemly reception. And, in our mis-
apprehension, we made a serious blunder.
318	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

Reaching into our revolver cases, we drew forth
our weapons and brandished them high in air.

  Neither of us had any intention other than to
make an impression; yet here again chance be-
trayed us, for it was not by design, but because
of my heedless excitement, that my fingers in-
advertently pressed the trigger.

  The ensuing flash of flames, the smoke, the
noise, echoing down the closed corridor like the
report of a cannon, had exactly the effect that
we might have anticipated. Suppose that a na-
tive of Mars or Jupiter were to come to the
earth, and that his greeting should be to hurl a
bomb! Should we not look upon him in dread
and hostility? Should we not hasten to put a
distance between him and ourselves?

  So it is hardly surprising that the Plutonians,
after their first terrified screams and yells, speed-
ily made an end of our encounter. No one had
been hit by the bullet; but no one seemed to de-
sire to wait to be hit. With lightning swiftness,
the strangers one and all whirled about, and,
with the agility of antelopes, began racing away
along the corridor. In a moment the last of
them, gibbering with fright, had swept out of
view, and Stark and I were once more free to
pursue our explorations.

CHAPTER XI
Trapped

MTT7 ELL, now I understand!” exclaimed

  W Stark, in a self-congratulatory manner,
as the last of the Plutonians whisked out of view.
“Now I understand those lanterns I saw from the
dark stairway. They were the head-lights of
passing natives!”

  Being more interested in safety than in ex-
planations, I attempted no answer to this state-
ment, but suggested hastily, “Well, Andrew,
don’t you suppose it’s time to be getting out of
here? I’m afraid we’ve made ourselves unpop-
ular enough already with those long-fingered*
devils.”

  Stark nodded; and, without a word, we began
to retrace our footsteps. Finding the tempera-
ture unbearably warm, we halted long enough to
divest ourselves of our fur coats; then, with these
articles dangling from our arms, we pressed on
our way as rapidly as our shaken and weary
condition would permit.

  For a few minutes, our progress was unimped-
ed. The straight, triangular gallery, with its sil-
very illumination, stretched out before us silent
and untenanted; once again there was nothing to
show that we were not wandering through a land
of the dead. At last we reached the court of
the multi-hued decorations, and realized that the
stairway to the outer world was not many hun-
dreds of yards off; then, as we darted forward
with exclamations of relief, an unforeseen obsta-
cle intruded. All at once, the lights went out!

  I have no way of picturing the terrorizing sud-
denness of the effect. I can only say that we
were plunged into blackness—blackness absolute
and impenetrable. Not the flicker, not the sug-
gestion of a light trembled about us from the
thick emptiness; it was as though we had been

hurled to the pitchy bottom of the sea. “And-
rew! Andrew!” I gasped; and, reaching out a
swift arm to grasp my friend, I swung it with a
crash against the cavern wall. “Andrew!
Andrew!”

  At the same time, I heard him just beside me,
muttering beneath his breath. “Damn the acci-
dent!” he mumbled. “Dash those lamp-headed
demons—”

  But suddenly he broke short. What was that
hoarse, throaty noise from somewhere in the
darkness? Could it be the heavy speech of the
Plutonians?

  For a second or two we remained tense and
motionless, listening. Then all at once the sound
was repeated, nearer and more threatening.

  Only now, in our terror, did it occur to us that
we need not remain in utter darkness. Only
now did we remember our flashlights, and fum-
ble for them with uncertain, panic-stricken move-
ments. It was a minute before we could extri-
cate them from amid our masses of clothing;
but at length, while Stark was still groping in the
gloom, I found mine and switched it on.

  No sooner had the beams penetrated the dark-
ness than there came, from just ahead of us, a
shrill, startled cry. I thought I saw a shadowy
form that shot across the gallery and vanished;
I thought I heard a scampering as of swift feet,
and made out a yellowish light crazily wavering.
But that was all—in less than a second, sights
and sounds alike had faded, and Stark and I
were again in undisputed possession of the cor-
ridor.

  “Guess we’re safe enough for the time being!”
muttered Stark, as he also found his flashlight.
“Let’s go ahead!”

  Side by side we set out again through the dark-
ness. Though our hearts were pounding like
hammers, we still believed it possible to reach
the stairway and safety.

  But we had reckoned without the opposing
forces. Like the savage who disdains the prow-
ess of the white man armed only with a little
shining stick, we had underestimated the re-
sources of the enemy. Literally, we were like
flies in a spider’s web! When we had gone only
a few yards, Stark and I began to be conscious
of annoying little bands and streamers that en-
tangled our feet and impeded our progress.

  At first we paid little heed, since the flash-
lights showed them only as the thinnest little sil-
very threads, too frail and slender-looking to be
worth attention. We did not anticipate how they
were to multiply as we advanced, nor how our
arms and our whole bodies were to be obstructed,
until it was as if our pathway were lined with
tall, dense brush. Even so, we did not begin to
suspect the nature of our antagonist; nor did
either of us know the extremity of terror until
suddenly, as by one accord, we stumbled, and in
falling lost our grip upon the flashlights, which
flickered and went out.

OUR descent, although precipitate, had not
been painful, for we were arrested by some-
thing soft and down-like. But never shall I for-
get my sensations as I strove to pick myself up
again. Now at last I could appreciate the feel-
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	319

ings of the deer crushed by the python! To my
horror, I could not rise to my feet! It was as if
unseen hands were holding me to the floor; as if
unseen arms, yielding, insinuating, irresistible,
were winding about my neck, about my shoulders,
about my entire form! All that I could feel was
those delicate, silken strands—and oh, how
many of them there were, and how strong!

  It did not matter how many I evaded or broke;
always there were others, and others, and others,
others and others and others still; so that the
more I struggled, the more speedily I was en-
tangled. By the hundreds, perhaps by the thou-
sands, the tiny threads were around me, cares-
sing me like living things; soon my arms could
only squirm convulsively; soon my legs could only
kick weakly and unavailingly; soon my whole
body, prone on the gallery floor, could only
writhe like a fly stuck on the flypaper.

  Meanwhile close at hand, where another form
threshed and struggled in the darkness, I knew
that Stark also had been caught.

  In my battle with the unseen, I had no time
for anything except mad terror. I had no time
to reflect on the meaning of what had happened;
to ask whether we could expect anything better
than death at the hands of the Plutonians ....
Fortunately, we were spared the ordeal of long
waiting and questioning. Of a sudden—so un-
expectedly that we blinked, and were momen-
tarily blinded—the gallery flashed once more
into brightness; and our startled eyes, staring out
from amid silvery meshes, made out the forms of
several Plutonians gazing down upon us in silent
speculation.

  For several minutes they remained staring at
us without speech or motion; while their head-
lights, which evidently had been switched off,
were one by one re-illumined. Then at last the
leader of the band—a giant, who must have ap-
proached eight feet in height—made a peculiar
grunting sound, and four of his fellows slid down
on the floor beside Stark and myself.

  Now suddenly we were to appreciate the ad-
vantage of having fourteen long, many-jointed
fingers. No earthly hands could have worked
with the dexterity displayed by the Plutonians;
they manipulated like marvelous and infinitely
adaptable machines, machines so swift of action
that we could not follow them with our eyes.
Almost before we realized it, they had reached
among the entanglements of our garments, and
removed every detachable article—matches,
compass, foods, etc., all of which they examined
with a curious attention.

  Then one of them drew forth my revolver,
which he threw into a corner, and which immed-
iately discharged, to every one’s loud-voiced ter-
ror, but with no other result except to make a
black hole in the floor. Following this incident,
the Plutonians handled us with a little more res-
pect; but that did not prevent them eventually
from wrapping their long fingers about us and
lifting us bodily into a three-wheeled canoe-shap-
ed cart; after which, with the silvery meshes
wound about us so tightly that we had trouble to
breathe, we were rolled away amid a gibbering
escort.

  Within a few minutes we reached the end of a

low, short gallery, from which a black hole about
five feet across shot off into vacancy. Regard-
less of our howling protest, the cart we lay in was
shoved toward this opening and slowly forced
through it. It may be imagined that we twisted
and struggled as furiously as our bound condition
would permit; for we fancied we could read the
mutterings of a malevolent glee in the excited
speech of our captors; and we had visions of be-
ing flung into some tremendous chasm, to have
our bones battered upon the rocks a thousand
feet beneath. Yet our protests were like the
cries of a child caught in an avalanche; down
into the darkness we were pushed deliberately,
remorselessly; we heard a door clatter to a close
behind us; the throaty speech of the Plutonians
grew faint in our ears, and there was a grinding
of wheels and a roaring as we went whirling
away through interminable space.

  But, at least, we had not been dropped into
emptiness. The wind rushed past us in a tor-
rent, while our car traveled, perhaps on rails,
around long curves and windings, guided as if
under intelligent direction. At first, in our be-
wildered state of mind, it did not occur to us that
the controlling force was gravity; that the curves
and grades of the tunnel had been calculated
with mathematical precision; that we had been
consigned to some particular destination, as cer-
tainly as a letter sent through a mail tube.

  All this we were not to realize until later;
hence it was with intense relief that, after min-
utes and minutes of traveling, we finally felt the
headlong speed of the car relaxing; felt the vehi-
cle moving more and more slowly, like an auto-
mobile coasting to a stop, till ultimately it halted
with a jerk as though it had struck some solid
barrier.

An Inspection

FOR a moment the darkness all about us was
still impenetrable .... Then, of a sudden,
there came a blinding brilliance, a gate flashed
open before us, and we heard a tumult of heavy
voices. And immediately we were surrounded
by loudmouthed bands of Plutonians, and carried
out into a place of unimaginable weirdness and
beauty.

  Nothing we had seen in the galleries above
could have led us to expect the scene now open-
ing out before us. Never in our maddest dreams
had we conceived anything similar to this gigan-
tic corridor, this world beneath a world, which
darted before our astonished view. At the first
glimpse, we could only gaze and gasp, wonder-
ing if our senses were not deceiving us; it was
only by degrees that the full features of this bur-
ied universe began to make themselves plain.

  Picture a cavern large enough to contain a
city; a cavern with arching, vaguely illuminated
rocky roof five hundred feet high; a cavern a
thousand feet across, and longer than the un-
aided eye can discover. Picture the walls pat-
terned of fifty blending pastel shades, all of them
ever-changing from some invisible source of rad-
iance; picture niches containing intricate and
tremendous carven figures, which likewise shift
in color as though played upon by unseen lan-
320	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

terns; picture the whole vast gallery supported
by no columns and yet shaped into a series of
cyclopean domes, each fashioned with such pre-
cision and symmetry that one could stare and
marvel never-endingly.

  But, in the beginning, Stark and I had little
chance to stare and marvel. Dazzling, awe-in-
spiring as was the cavern, our attention was fast-
ened more closely upon the mob that surrounded
us. At the first glimpse, we could see that many
of them were not like their fellows whom we had
already observed. All were distinguished by
lamps growing at the tops of their heads and fre-
quently changing color, from purple to vermil-
ion, and from vermilion to golden, and from
golden to violet; all, again, had features pale as
dough and great bulging greenish eyes; and all
were fourteen-fingered, and so slender as to re-
mind me of walking reeds.

  But, aside from this, they manifested a great
variety of appearance: their height was most un-
even, and ranged from three feet to eight; while
the size of their heads was subject to a great
diversity; here and there strode an individual
with a head four times larger than the average,
and such persons numbered possibly one out of
every fifteen or twenty.

  But even more striking was the difference in
the costumes of the Plutonians: some wore shim-
mering multi-hued garments such as we had first
encountered, others displayed diaphanous white
robes transparent as gauze, and still others, in-
cluding most of the big-headed species, had dis-
pensed entirely with artificial encumbrances, and
walked in unashamed nakedness.

  Upon our arrival, Stark and I were lifted bod-
ily out of the car by half a dozen of the tallest
natives and carried to an elevated stone platform,
about whose base the lamp-heads had gathered
in a vociferous concourse. Then, greatly to our
relief, the strands that bound us were untied,
and we had the pleasure of being able to stand
once more on our feet.

  Surrounded by a guard that made any attempt
at escape unthinkable, we were allowed to flex
and unbend our stiffened muscles, and mean-
while we noticed how agreeably warm was the
atmosphere, and how fresh and sweet—quite
unlike anything one would have expected und-
erground.

  During the brief delay, while we were exer-
cising and rubbing our arms and legs and restor-
ing the checked circulation, I noticed that our fur
coats lay spread on the floor of the platform, and
that two lamp-heads were examining them
through microscope-like tubes with the most rid-
iculous gravity. They would pass the lenses over
each bit of the surface in turn, squint their green
eyes, and allow their head-lamps to revolve in
all directions; and after each stage of the in-
spection they would turn to one another, nod
in a puzzled manner, utter an unintelligible
something, hold a hair or patch of hairs to the
light, and then return to the examination.

MEANWHILE the members of the mob be-
low were pointing to us excitedly; gibber-
ing; and significantly tapping their heads; while

from time to time we heard babbling explosions
of laughter. It was only too evident that the
spectators regarded us as some sort of a circus
exhibition!

  What was more, they had not long to wait for
the performance to begin. After a few min-
utes, an imposingly tall figure edged his way out
of the multitude, which cleared a path respect-
fully before him. One of the great-headed type,
whose upper extremity seemed vastly too big for
his slender shoulders, he was the largest Pluton-
ian we had yet seen, and towered to a height well
in excess of eight feet.

  Like many of his brainy-looking brethren, he
wore no clothes; yet we were puzzled as to the
sex of the creature, and were unable to deter-
mine whether he were male or female. I can
only say that the pallid stick of a body was hair-
less and unprepossessing, and seemed to us to
display the charms neither of Apollo nor of Ven-
us.

  None the less, it was evident that he was a
person of distinction, for upon his arrival on the
platform a silence fell across the assemblage, and
all stood waiting with their greenish eyes blazing
and their tiny open mouths upturned in expecta-
tion.

  Establishing himself in cautious proximity to
a stairway about ten feet to our right, he launch-
ed into a series of grunts, hoots and mumblings
evidently addressed to us. Every few seconds he
would pause, stare at us as if he expected a rep-
ly, and then proceed with a different intonation.
But although he must have made fifty or sixty
tries, the results were always the same. Long
before he had finished, the changes in his man-
ner and accentuation had made it apparent that
he was a linguist testing us in various languages
—possibly even dead languages. Was it that
our origin had hot even been suspected?

  Finally, after exhausting his repertory, he
seemed to come to the conclusion that we were
either unfathomably stupid, or else were deaf
and dumb. For he lifted his fourteen long fin-
gers, and manipulated them as if motioning in
the sign language; while, from the eager look in
his jade-like eyes, it was clear that he expected
a response.

  Our patience having been exhausted, Stark
and I both opened our mouths at once to speak.
“Come, we’re not dummies!” exclaimed he, for-
getting that the Plutonians did not understand
English. “No need to talk that way—” I
started to protest .... when hundreds of bab-
bling voices broke out in a contagion of laugh-
ter that cut us rudely short.

  Even our interlocutor could not resist the gen-
eral uproar, and-for several minutes he rocked
back and forth in gusty mirth.

  But after the tumult had subsided, he evident-
ly felt that the examination had proceeded far
enough. Without further delay he motioned to
a group of shimmering-gowned individuals, who
mounted the platform, formed themselves about
Stark and me in the manner of a military escort,
and marched away with us into the depths of the
vast vaulted gallery.
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS

CHAPTER XII

In the Hands of the Lamp-Heads

 IT was a long and tortuous journey that we
 made in the company of our rainbow-robed es-
 cort. It was a journey so strange and unexpect-
 ed that Stark and I could only stare at the pass-
 ing scenes in unbelieving confusion, somewhat as
 a Martian might stare if plunged into a railroad
 carriage on earth.

   Part of the distance we covered on foot, but
 the greater part was managed by means of a
 moving iron platform, which whirled us across
 space with the velocity of an express train. Ow-
 ing to the rapidity of our motion, I cannot give
 a closer account of most of the things we saw.

   I can only report that we went shooting
 through long, unlighted tunnels, that we came
 out into high-roofed, brilliantly lighted caverns,
 where grew some grayish fungus-like vegeta-
 tion; that we caught sight of huge revolving
 steely machines with wheels as wide as a city
 block; that we had a glimpse of an underground
 river or canal, whose waters rushed in a torren-
 tial, straight-banked course; and that every-

(IUuitralion by Paul)

We caught sight of huge revolving steely mach-
ines with wheels as wide as a city block. . . .

 where we viewed swarms of natives, always dis-
 tinguished by their head-lamps, and always of
 the same slender, stringy build.

   Finally, after winding through an especially
 long tunnel, our platform came to a halt in a
 many-branching gallery, whose tall fretted roof
 reminded me of some gorgeous cathedral. Along
 one of the innumerable passageways we were
 conducted on foot, meanwhile observing with in-
 terest that the pavement was of some yielding,
 rubber-like substance, and that long triangular
322	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

openings, evidently doors, were to be seen at
frequent intervals. But neither of us recog-
nized this as a residential section, until at last
we were ushered through one of the doors and
into a series of enormous rooms with arching ceil-
ings and windowless, tapestried walls.

  The light, we noticed, was melllow and even,
and transfused the apartments from some invis-
ible source; the air, likewise, was blowing in a
current we knew not whence; the furniture was
of the simplest, and consisted only of some mar-
ble chests on which our hosts squatted cross-
legged, in the Oriental fashion; while the floors
were multi-colored mosaics apparently commem-
orating some fabulous series of events.

  It was upon entering these rooms that Stark
and I had one of the greatest shocks of our lives.
Suddenly our ears were assaulted by the most
terrific bellowing we had ever heard; and out
of an inner chamber leapt a lanky black monster,
big as a colt, and with six great sprawling legs.
His cavernous greenish mouth, set with spiky
teeth, was opened like a crocodile’s; a yellowish
foam played about his curling lips; his long,
donkey-like ears stood erect; a red lamp glowed
on his head; and his little red eyes glared with
a malicious fire.

  With a swift, lithe jump he was upon us; his
foul breath was hot upon my cheeks; his deep-
voiced howling dinned in my ears; I felt one of
his great paws upon my breast as he reared upon
his hind legs. In that terrified instant I was
ready to give myself up for lost; I shrank back
against the walls, and screamed in the paroxysms
of my dread; nor did I notice the laughter that
convulsed the lamp-heads.

  I only know that I did not feel the expected
tearing claws; that the Plutonians uttered some-
thing sharp and rattling, and that the great beast
instantly turned toward one of our guides.

  To my amazement, the Plutonian stroked the
black hairless skin affectionately, and even re-
ceived and fondled one of the terrible hooked
paws. And the beast opened its ferocious-look-
ing mouth in a yawn, and uttered a sound like a
low contented purring.

  After our introduction to the Plutonian dog
—as Stark and I named the brute, although it
might equally well have been called the Pluton-
ian tiger—the lamp-heads motioned us to squat
upon one of the chests. This we did after a lit-
tle hesitation, although not without an uncom-
fortable longing for chairs. Several of our es-
corts now retired, but in a moment returned,
bearing metallic vessels containing water and
various suspicious-smelling pasty substances,
which they placed before us expectantly.

  It was as if they had read our thoughts, for
we were both hungry and thirsty; but while we
accepted the water gratefully, we regarded the
various pasty concoctions with prolonged hesita-
tion. All of them were most unappetizing to our
nostrils as well as to our eyes; the most pleasant-
looking reminded me of a form of blue glue,
while the others ranged in appearance from
mouldy flour to stewed sawdust.

  In addition, there were a few small white cap-
sules, which, judging from the gestures of our
hosts, we were particularly urged to partake of;

but, suspecting that they might contain some sort
of drug or poison, we avoided them in favor of
the other articles.

OBSERVING no knives, forks or spoons, we
were about to plunge in with our fingers,
when we were dissuaded by the laughter of our
new friends, who pointed gleefully to long tubes
sticking from the vessels and made significant
sucking motions. Accordingly, each of us doubt-
fully applied our lips to the end of one of the
tubes, and so sampled our first Plutonian food.
The result, I am sorry to say, was not to our lik-
ing; Stark’s wry face was certainly matched by
my own; our mouths were filled with a taste as
of stale mush—with the cream and sugar omit-
ted.

  Besides, there was a certain peculiar, vaguely
chemical taste that added to our repugnance—
so that, had we not been almost famished, we
would surely not have partaken. By way of al-
ternative, of course, we tried the other dishes;
but the results had little to commend them, since
each concoction seemed less savory than the last.

  However, let me not be so ungrateful as to
speak ill of our hosts, who, as I later learned, had
offered us of their best. And let me not say any-
thing unkindly about the ordeal that followed,
which doubtless also was intended for our good
—the ordeal of making us into imitation Pluton-
ians, by the simple method of a change in dress.
Without so much as giving us warning or asking
our leave, several of the lamp-heads began to
fumble about among our clothes; and, almost be-
fore we were aware what was happening, we
stood half disrobed.

  Apparently not understanding the principles
of earthly apparel, they had ripped off the but-
tons in the act of removing each garment; but we
found it useless to resist their marvelously dex-
trous seven-fingered hands, which seemed capa-
ble of ten motions while we were performing one.
At last, despite our protests, we were wholly
naked; and as we huddled before them in em-
barrassment, we had to submit to having our
bodies examined in detail, while repeated excla-
mations suggestive of wonder or surprise arose
from the gathering as each new wart, tuft of hair
or carbuncle was inspected.

  Our beards and moustaches were particularly
the subjects of attention, and were scrutinized
and pulled again and again in a manner to evoke
loud cries of resentment. Worst of all, just as
the investigation began, there arrived one of
those topheavy Plutonians with the extra-sized
heads; and he it was who led in the inspection,
and who, after each new finding, would turn to
a small white object that we took for a notebook,
and excitedly jot down some strange marks.

  For some time, even after the examination was
over, it was apparently doubtful whether we
would be given clothes at all. While we stood
shivering, a heated debate arose, in which every
one except Stark and I participated, and which
the six-legged beast punctuated with occasional
howls. But in the end, fortunately, the pro-
clothes party emerged victorious; the hubbub
died down, and two of the lamp-heads vanished,
to return almost immediately with some shim-
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	323

mering, multi-hued costumes, such as we had
observed on many of the Plutonians.

  Now began a battle royal. It was as if they
had tried to fit a wild boar into the skin of a
gazelle; for both Stark and I, while tall and fair-
ly slender as men go on earth, were much too
short and vastly too stout for the sinuous Pluton-
ian garments. Even though the clothes were
made of some substance that stretched like rub-
ber, our limbs would not adjust themselves to
their outlandish proportions; nor would their
proportions adjust themselves to our limbs.

  The result was that our new apparel split in
many places, leaving strips of our skin exposed;
but this did not deter our persecutors, who ended
by slicing off a foot or two of the costumes,
leaving us in possession of the rest, splits and all.
For footgear we were then presented with slend-
er straw-like sandals; and thus, arrayed in the
native fashion, with bursting clothes that shone
and shimmered as we walked, we made a spec-
tacle that our friends on earth would have found
it hard to recognize.

  It may be imagined that, thanks to the unu-
sual hardships of the day, Stark and I were now
weary to the point of exhaustion. But here once
again fortunately, the Plutonians seemed almost
to have read our thoughts. After spreading mats
and pillows of some bamboo-like substance across
two of the chests, they motioned us to lie down;
and this we did with the utmost willingness; fol-
lowing which they mumbled something unintelli-
gible, and, accompanied by the bellowing beast,
retreated from the room.

  At the same time, with welcome suddenness,
the lights went out. The darkness about us was
now absolute; the silence was complete; so that
in another moment Stark and I, forgetting the
scenes and adventures of the day, had left Pluto
worlds and worlds behind us in dreams of a
planet where men wore no lamps on their heads
but laughed in the heartening light of the sun.

CHAPTER XIII
Enter the Third Sex

I SHALL not weary the reader with an account
of the monotonous days and weeks that fol-
lowed. Stark and I were prisoners, although pri-
soners treated without severity; we were con-
fined within a series of connecting rooms and
corridors that seemed to comprise a small world
within themselves; we were forced to devote our
attention, during the greater part of our waking
hours, to a study that proved fascinating even if
irksome, but that we realized to be of the utmost
importance. In a word, we were being taught
Plutonian.

  Each day—or each period of about twenty-
four hours, which constituted the native unit of
time—several tutors would take turns for hours
in giving us an elementary education. Their
method in the beginning, of course, was wholly
by means of signs; they would perform various
actions, or would point to various objects and to
the various parts of their bodies and make ap-
propriate sounds, after which they" would scrib-
ble the corresponding symbols on bits of parch-

ment-like paper—and we would be required to
repeat the performance after them, both as to the
writing and as to the speaking.

  But evidently we did not make good pupils.
From their disgusted gestures, I know that they
regarded our progress as discouragingly slow.
I writhe even in memory to think of the disdain-
ful grimaces with which they heard our efforts
to imitate their thick-mouthed speech; and I
clench my fists in involuntary anger when I re-
call their condescending manner upon noting
our attempts to string sentences together gram-
matically. “Grangrum! Grangrum!” they
would repeatedly mutter to themselves—an ex-
pression which I later learned to be the equiva-
lent of our word for dumbbell.

  Nevertheless, when I remember the difficul-
ties of their speech, which would put the verbs
first, nouns second, and adverbs, adjectives and
prepositions last, I believe that both Stark and I
made remarkable progress, and that we did very
well in being able, within a few weeks, to com-
bine words and phrases in an understandable if
not a grammatical order, and so to hold our first
conversations.

  It was only natural, of course, that our minds
should be swarming with questions to put to the
Plutonians; but it had hardly occurred to us that
there might be an equal number of questions
which they were eager to put to us, and that they
had perhaps educated us for this very reason. At
all events, when they finally decided that we
were capable of exchanging views, there ensued
a most interesting colloquy, in which fully as
many queries were put by them as by us.

  Not less than eight or ten distinguished-look-
ing Plutonians had been summoned for the occa-
sion. All of them were of the huge-head var-
iety, with brilliant top-lamps constantly chang-
ing in color, and with little or no clothing; and
all of them carried pads of the parchment-like
paper, upon which they wrote voluminously.

  Not until long afterwards did we learn how
we were being honored—for that delegation,
though we did not even suspect it, included the
planet’s foremost anthropologist, a representive
of its most influential newspaper, one of the
heads of the Plutonian international State, and
two of the world’s leading zoologists.

  Perhaps, had we realized the eminence of
these personages, we would have been awed into
silence. But, as it was, we were only too eager
to display our limited speaking abilities, and to
put and answer as many questions as we could.

  After the party had arrived to the tune of a
weird music wafted from some unseen radio, they
all seated themselves crosslegged on mat-covered
chests; and the most imposing-looking of them
all—he who, we later learned, was prominent
in the affairs of State—soberly began the inter-
view.

  We could not catch more than half of his open-
ing words; all that I can say is that his fellow in-
vestigators looked interested and applauded ab-
undantly. But we did make out the drift of his
concluding sentences, which were to the effect
that our arrival had created a world-wide con-
sternation, and that there were several theories
324	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

as to our origin, but that none had been finally
accepted.

  “So now we want you to decide for us,” he end-
ed, speaking slowly and deliberately, and pick-
ing only the simplest words, as a grown man
might do when addressing a four-year-old. “Tell
us, where is it that you come from?”

ALL the gathered lamp-heads leaned forward
breathlessly; and there was a moment of
tense silence before Stark replied:

  “It is as you have probably guessed. We do
not come from this world. We come from far
away in outer space.”

  A chorus of excited ejaculations filled the
room. “Not from this world ? From far away ?
From outer space? What does he mean? Pre-
posterous! Preposterous!”

  Our interlocutor, the renowned statesman,
alone preserved an unruffled gravity. “Com-
rades, do not be disturbed,” he counselled, lift-
ing seven reassuring fingers. “This is just as I
have suspected. We all know, of course, that
there is no such thing as another world—the very
idea is absurd. But what our friend means is
that he comes from deep down in this world.”
“No,” exclaimed Stark, “that is not what I
mean!”

  Disregarding this outburst, the Plutonian con-
tinued, “Now you know, comrades, that not all
the world has been explored. Far, far down,
where the heat grows great, and where all things
become lighter and will fall but slowly, we have
not dug our galleries.

   “But there are legends that galleries have been
dug even there, and that barbarian races, unlike
our own, inhabit them. Perhaps some of these
aborigines—” here he pointed significantly to his
head—“have not advanced to our own high stage.
Perhaps some of them are even lacking in the
most important of bodily organs, the lamp. Now
is it not possible that such unfortunates, if they
exist, should from time to time send up scouts to
explore the civilized lands?”

  The speaker ended impressively, and the oth-
er lamp-heads nodded agreement.

  Of course, Stark and I tried our best to con-
vince them of their error. We assured them, as
well as we were able, that we had not come from
anywhere on their own planet; that we had orig-
inated on another sphere, a sphere so far away
that it would take light several hours to cover
the distance. With our limited knowledge of the
native language—which seemed to have no words
for “planet**, “Earth”’ or “sun”—we had great
difficulty in making our ideas plain; in fact, the
greater part of what we said passed completely
over the heads of our auditors. They were, how-
ever, able to understand our references to the
speed of light, and in particular to the time it
would take light to traverse the distance from
our own world—and their thin, pasty faces, at
this information, were twisted into comical
smirks, and they all were convulsed with bab-
bling laughter.

  When their merriment had subsided, one of
them—whom I subsequently came to know as a
famous scientist—screwed his tiny mouth into an

expression of almost ludicrous gravity, and stared
at us reprovingly with his great greenish eyes.

  “I would have you understand,” he growled,
“that we are serious investigators, who will stand
for no flippancy. The truth, and the truth alone,
is what we want. Now every one knows that, at
the distance from us which you mention, there is
nothing at all. Only blackness, and empty air.
Or else but dead rock, without tunnels or galler-
ies.

  “We have never been able to decide which, al-
though tradition says that far above our galleries
are open spaces, from which our ancestors re-
treated ages ago. But that was before history
began, and the old legends have never been con-
firmed. We only know that no one, within rem-
embered times, has been able to venture more
than a certain distance upward without perishing
in the cold. And yet you mean to tell us that
you come from a million, a hundred million times
as far?”

  New spasms of laughter convulsed the investi-
gators. It was several minutes before they were
able to relax into seriousness; and when they did
so it was our turn to attempt a questionnaire. We
inquired as to their knowledge of the sun, the
stars, and the planets, but found that, as we had
already surmised, the heavenly bodies were not
only unknown but inconceivable to them.

  It appeared that there was indeed an ancient
myth as to the existence of such luminaries, but
no one now regarded it as anything more than a
fabrication of the childhood of the race. From
all that we could make out, it seemed to us that,
in the beginning, the Plutonians had lived on
their planet’s surface, but had been driven under-
ground long, long ago when the growing cold
had threatened them with extermination,—so
long ago that the recollection hardly existed now
even as a racial memory. Hence what possibil-
ity of making them understand about our own
origin?

An Exchange of History

ALTHOUGH there were a thousand questions
which Stark and I should have liked to ask
regarding life underground, the production of
food, and the regulation of the air supply, we had
to restrain our impatience while we listened to
views and queries regarding ourselves. What
particularly seemed to interest the members of
the committee was our lack of top-lamps; they
all regarded our lightless heads with an irritating
sympathy, and seemed to look upon us as we
might look upon the blind; while one of them
went so far as to ask how we managed to find
our way in dark places, to read in the dark, or
to enjoy life generally without these appendages.

  “Besides,” he added, in the most incomprehen-
sible manner, while his head-lamp glowed from
violent to a deep purple, “how do you contrive to
convey your feelings?”

  We both stared at him in confusion. “Why,
have we not tongues?” Stark at length managed
to sputter.

  Immediate laughter was his response.

  “Your tongues may possibly convey your
thoughts,” conceded our interviewer, after his
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	325

mirth had subsided. “But how about your emo-
tions—the real essence of your life?”

  “What have head-lamps to do with emotions?”
demanded Stark.

  A fresh babbling of laughter echoed through-
out the room. And some of the Plutonians, it
seemed to us, nodded to one another as one
might when a child asks some impossible ques-
tion.

  But the explanation was quickly forthcoming.
Upon being persuaded that we actually did not
know what they were laughing about, one of the
scientists went on to report:

  “Well, among our people, you see, head-lamps
are the most valuable registers of emotions. They
are flawlessly accurate, because we cannot con-
trol them except by covering them or deliberate-
ly letting them go out. Each subtle shade of feel-
ing is represented by a different hue or color
in the head-lamp; and there are so many hues
and colors that I cannot begin to mention them
all.

  “Thus, if one of our people is a little frighten-
ed, his head-lamp will turn a faint yellow. If he
is more frightened, it will become a brighter yel-
low ; if he is terrorized, it will glow to a brilliant
yellow. Again, if he is annoyed or irritated, it
will take on a pink shade; if he becomes slightly
angry, it will turn light red; if he is enraged, it
will leap to a vivid scarlet. And so with all the
other colors. Each expresses a particular emo-
tion, and there is no emotion which they cannot
indicate. It is therefore impossible for any of us
to conceal our feelings while our lamps are burn-
ing; one has only to glance at a neighbor’s head
to know what is going on in his heart.”

  “So you see,” added another Plutonian, while
he felt caressingly for his own luminary, “so you
see what you miss by not possessing a lamp!”

  I smiled in acknowledgement; yet it seemed to
me that I was not missing a great deal in being
able to keep my feelings to myself.

  The Plutonians, however, were still profuse in
their expressions of sympathy. One of them ev-
en suggested that, since we could not indicate
our feelings by means of head-lamps, we had no
feelings to indicate at all. And this view was
accepted by most of the company.

  After commenting unfavorably on our red lips
and five-fingered hands, the investigators now
turned their attention to our beards and to our
hair, which they examined with a solemn interest,
inquiring how it came to be there and whether it
was natural or had been planted.

  Their original impression was that it was a
species of vegetation sown by means of spores or
seeds; and it was only after the most exasperat-
ing argumentation that we could relieve them of
this idea. Even so, some of them could not be
convinced, for nothing like hair, they assured us,
had ever been known to their people; the nearest
thing to it in appearance was a certain grass-
like weed which they grew to feed their domestic
animals.

  Leaving the subject of hair still undecided, the
Plutonians turned to an even more pertinent
question. “What is your age?” they inquired,
while several of them bent expectantly over their
note-books.

   Since the gauge of Plutonian time is not the
same as our own, we had to ponder before reply-
ing. Their year is equal to several of our cen-
turies, and the common measurement of time is
the sequon, which consists of four hundred of our
twenty-four hour days, and is therefore equal to
a little less than fourteen months. Accordingly,
it appeared that Stark and I, who were approach-
ing our twenty-ninth year, were each about twen-
ty-four sequons of age.

   This face we conveyed to our interviewers as
soon as we had performed the necessary process
of mental arithmetic. But little did we expect
the result.

   “Twenty-four sequons!” they all exclaimed, in
chorus. “Impossible! Impossible!” And their
head-lamps blazed to an orange that, we after-
wards learned, was indicative of astonishment.

   “Impossible?” echoed Stark and I, in one voice,
wondering if we had represented ourselves as
Methuselahs. “Why, most men in our world
live much longer than that!”

A BABBLING of laughter, accompanied by
lavender lights of amusement, was our only
response.

  “I don’t see why you should doubt us!” pro-
tested Stark, a little indignantly. “Is twenty-
four sequons so very long to live?”

  The renewed laughter that greeted this out-
burst was several minutes in dying down.

  “My friends, you have a peculiar humor,”
stated one of the Plutonians as, regarding his
gravity, he soberly addressed us. “But humor
is out of place; we are looking for facts. Of
course, we know that you must be more than
twenty-four sequons of age, for in spite of your
puerile ideas, you are plainly not children. Since
the accepted age of maturity is fifty-four seq-
uons—”

  “Fifty-four sequons!” muttered Stark. And
then to me, on the side, “Why, that’s more than
sixty years!”

   “As the accepted age of maturity is fifty-four
sequons,” proceeded the Plutonian, a little an-
noyed at the interruption, “we must recognize
that as your minimum age. Most likely you are
three or four times as old. This stands to rea-
son, since persons of less than a hundred or a
hundred and fifty sequons are hardly to be re-
garded as having completed their education,
much less as being released for the duties of
adult life. From that age until six or eight hun-
dred—”

   “By the sacred gods!” I burst out, unable to
hold back these words in English. “Do you sup-
pose we’re older than Christopher Columbus?”
And then, checking myself and returning to the
Plutonian speech, “Tell me, how old do people
here get to be?”

   The Plutonian stroked his hairless face with
seven meditative fingers. “Well, not so old as
we should like—not by any means—though
science, of recent ages, has added scores of seq-
uons to our lives. The average person, I am sor-
ry to say, does not live to be more than nine hun-
dred or a thousand; while only m a few unusual
cases fifteen hundred or even two thousand have
been recorded—”
326	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  “Two thousand! More than two thousand
years!” I gasped, reverting again to English in
my excitement.

  “How old do your own people get to be?” in-
quired one of the Plutonians, noting our amaze-
ment.

  We informed him that sixty or seventy sequons
marked the usual limit—a statement which, I
fear, was taken just a little skeptically.

  “Sixty or seventy sequons!” cried one of our
hearers. “Why, that is barbarism! It is a
criminal waste! To throw your lives away in
the very bud! Is your science then so undevel-
oped that it cannot repair waste tissues, replace
womout organs, and renew the human frame for
even a few hundred sequons?”

  Being forced to admit the charges, we were
informed how, by a process of creative surgery,
the Plutonians were able to remove every part of
the body as soon as it showed signs of decay and
to supplant it with new tissues developed in the
laboratory. Thus, in the course of thousands of
sequons, the average life had been prolonged to
ten times the original length.

  When at last, to our relief, the Plutonians had
abandoned the question of our age as another
unsolved enigma, they turned to a subject that
was to prove even more embarrassing.

  “Which of the three sexes do you belong to?”
one of them startled us by asking.

  “Three sexes?” we gasped, uncomprehending-

ly.

  “Three sexes, of course. Which are you—
male, female, or Neuter?”

  “Why, what—what do you mean by Neuter?”
sputtered Stark reeling as if from a blow.

  The orange hue of surprise was apparent on
the head-lamps of all the company.

  “By Neuter,” explained one of our visitors,
shaking his head as if to say that really we were
quite impossible, “by Neuter we mean just what
we say. We mean, of course, neither male or fe-
male. Look at me—” here he pointed to his long
unclothed body—“it is my pride to be a Neuter
myself. And so, I need hardly add, are most of
our other distinguished guests.”

  “Then a Neuter really has no sex?” demanded
Stark, as a smile of faint comprehension shot
across his face. “He has nothing to do with—
with racial perpetuation?”

  “Not with physical perpetuation—not at all,”
declared the Plutonian, whose lamp still showed
an orange tint. “There are others whose place
it is to attend to such menial duties. But we
Neuters have everything to do with the mental
perpetuation of the race. We are the transmit-
ters of the arts and sciences, of poetry, music
and philosophy. It is we who hand down every-
thing that makes it worth while for the race to
continue.”

  "Then you are a sort of superior caste?” I in-
quired. “An hereditary class—”

  “No, not hereditary! We are Neuters mainly
by our own choice. Birth has nothing to do with
our high estate.”

“Have No Fear!”

I AM afraid that Stark and I both wore the ex-
pression of a blank wall. We did not know
whether to believe the speaker; we did not know
what to reply; we could only assure him, in halt-
ing syllables, that no triple division of the sexes
was known among our own people.

  Perceiving that our words were spoken sin-
cerely, the Plutonians expressed their surprise
by means of orange flashes; and one of them, af-
ter a suitable interval, made bold to explain:

  “Ages ago, before our people had learned how
to cast off primitive restrictions, our race also
had only two sexes. Every individual—the sag-
es, the artists, the leaders of the State no less
than the lowly—had then to take part in child-
bearing or rearing, and to waste many sequons
under the proddings of passion or in the fruitless
pursuit of love.

  “But, even at the dawn of civilization, we were
able to perceive how irrational all this was.
Could not the physical needs of the race be served
by the commonplace majority, leaving the dis-
tinguished few to pursue their studies without
distraction? Long investigation and research
had proved that genius or even exceptional talent
was rarely inherited; and so we realized that
there could be no racial loss were the individuals
of ability to escape the slavery of the sexes.

  “How to effect their release was of course the
problem, and one that at first appeared insolu-
ble; it was only after ten thousand sequons that
the great Darevi, one of the most accomplished
scientists known to history, devised a scheme
whereby any male or female could voluntarily
transform himself into a Neuter, diverting the
sexual energy into channels conducive to the vast
enlargement of the cranial cavity and according-
ly of the brain.

  “I shall not describe the means whereby the
change was brought about, except to say that it
operated through a transfusion of the glandular
energy, and involved a series of minute and deli-
cate surgical incisions resulting in pronounced
organic changes. But the plan has worked bene-
ficently for scores of thousands of sequons, and
today any male or female who, upon approaching
maturity, is adjudged to show sufficient promise,
is privileged to under go necessary treatment and
to pursue the consecrated career of a Neuter.”

  “You mean, then, that they must pursue that
career?” inquired Stark. “Or merely that they
may?”

  “They may—there is no compulsion in the
matter of a life-work. But it is considered an
honor and an opportunity to be adjudged worthy
of Neuterhood, and few are willing to let the
chance go by. Of course, the chosen ones are
allowed a little time—usually ten or twelve seq-
uons—in which to make up their minds. But
once the choice has been made, it is unalterable;
the Neuter can never again become a male or fe-
male.”

  Following this explanation, a long silence fell,
and it seemed that the meeting was about to
break up. The lamp-heads were already pick-
ing up their notebooks, and several were rising
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	327

from their squatting positions on the mat-cover-
ed chests.

  None the less, it occurred to Stark to put an-
other query. “If you don’t mind,” he began,
rather haltingly, and then paused as if not quite
so sure of the proper expression to use, “if you
don’t mind, I wonder if you wouldn’t tell me
why so many of you Neuters go about without
clothes?”

  Lavender lights of amusement again appeared
in all corners of the room, and there was a faint
babbling of laughter.

  “What a ridiculous question!” returned one of
the lamp-heads. “Why should we need clothes?
The air down here is warm; we will not freeze.
And not being either males or females, we do
not require garments for the sake of sexual al-
lurement or concealment. Besides, are not the
robes that nature gave us more handsome than
anything we can make? It is true, here and
there one does find a radical Neuter who prefers
a man-made skin; but this usually occurs only
with one who has some bodily dcfect to hide.”

  By this time most of the lamp-heads had gath-
ered up their books, and some were already drift-
ing out of the room. But that did not deter us
from a final question: What was to be our lot
after we had finished our education in the native
language?

  It seemed to Stark and me that there was a
strange hesitation about the reply. Several min-
utes passed in silence, while the lamps of all our
visitors grew dull and murky and burnt with a
sooty flame. We were still too inexperienced to
know what this might mean; but our suspicions
were not relieved when one of our interviewers
assured us:

  “Have no fear, my friends. Wait and find
out. Trust us—we are arranging everything for
your own good. Have no fear at all.”

  “Have no fear at all!” echoed the others, while
their lamps grew even duller of hue and threat-
ened to go out. “No, no, you need have no fear
at all.”

  I do not know why, but something in that re-
peated phrase aroused our alarm. I glanced at
Stark in apprehension, and he glanced back at
me with a perplexed and worried look; and then
both of us, with unconcealed misgivings, let our
eyes follow the Plutonians as the last of them
vanished from the room. Their head-lamps, we
noticed, were flickering and failing, and several
were already quenched to a lifeless black.

CHAPTER XIV
Zandaye

WHATEVER Stark and I may have feared af-
ter our interview with the Plutonians, we
found no justification during the weeks that fol-
lowed. Our education continued, monotonously,
uneventfully; gradually we were gaining skill in
the native speech; gradually we were learning to
read the native books, which, with their jagged
script that reached down from the fop of the
page in the Chinese fashion, were the most dif-
ficult of all our problems to master.

  But how well they repaid our efforts!—even

the elementary text-books, designed for small
children, offered information that made plain a
thousand things. Thus we learned something
about the Plutonian government, a democracy
whose head was chosen by means of competitive
examinations held every ten sequons among se-
lected Neuters. We learned, at the same time,
that there was only one government for the en-
tire planet—and that it had ruled continuously,
disturbed by no uprising, for more than a hun-
dred thousand sequons.

  More important still, we were enlightened re-
garding the scientific management of Pluto—for
it was only by virtue of their scientific attain-
ments that the Plutonians had survived for ages
in their unnatural environment.

   I shall not attempt to go into detail, particular-
ly since I shall return to some phases of the sub-
ject later. I need only say that the secret of the
success of the lamp-heads was to be found in
radio-activity; they were fortunate enough to
possess apparently inexhaustible supplies of the
radio-active metals, and thanks to this abundant
energy they heated the tremendous corridors and
caverns that had been bored throughout the ages.

  They converted the power of radium into elect-
ricity, and lighted their galleries by means of
globes concealed just beneath the surface in or-
der to avoid needless glare; they employed the
radio-active forces to excavate the corridors and
to empty the by-products of the excavations into
enormous subterranean fissures (probably the
vents of extinct volcanoes). But most important
of all was the use of radium in industry, and in
particular in the state-owned “oxygen industry”
—for it was necessary for the Plutonians to dis-
integrate various oxides constantly if they would
keep the underground atmosphere fresh and
pure.

  Correspondingly, it was important to relieve
themselves of the used or polluted air; and this
end they accomplished through gigantic pumps,
which at stated intervals would discharge the
foul air into the upper corridors by means of
vents constructed long ago. Stark and I now
realized that, shortly after our arrival upon the
planet, it had been our misfortune to be caught
in one of these vents just as the waste air was
being pumped through; and this explained the
sudden closing of the gates, which had entrapped
us so unexpectedly.

  Another question answered for us by the books
was one which had puzzled us for weeks—that of
the food supply. The chemistry of foods, we
learned, had been studied on Pluto to an extent
not remotely approached on the earth; the pro-
cess had extended not only to analysis but to syn-
thesis, and the great bulk of the planet’s food
supply was manufactured in the laboratory. Vir-
tually all starches and sugars were produced und-
er the influence of a strong sun-like illumination
upon carbon and water; fats and oils were made
by a more intricate process, whose formula I was
never able to discover; while proteins alone re-
mained beyond the power of scientists to imitate,
and had to be extracted from plants grown in
great caverns under the stimulation of a sort of
artificial sunlight. Yet the flesn of animals—
WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

328

the chief source of proteins on the earth—ap-
peared to be unknown as an article of diet.

  Since not more than five per cent of the plan-
et’s food came from vegetables, there was a na-
tural deficiency in certain organic salts and ac-
ids. Hence these too were produced in the lab-
oratory, and were consumed at each meal in the
form of small white capsules—which explains
the pills that the lamp-heads had urged us to
swallow along with our first meal.

  As for the various pasty, mush-like foods taken
through tubes—we found that these were syn-
thetic products which constituted the world-wide

staple and were consumed day after day, year
after year without change or variety by the five
thousand million inhabitants of the planet.

  The idea that food might be taken for pleas-
ure was a notion that seems never to have pene-
trated the Plutonian intellect; the lamp-heads
regarded eating from the most coldly practical
point of view, as a necessary evil. They ate just
as they breathed, only in order that they might
not die, and expected no more enjoyment than
from the circulation of their blood or the func-
tioning of their kidneys. Hence nothing seemed
more natural to them than to live upon capsules
and mush.

A sharp snapping sound came to my ears, followed instantly by
the most terrifying crash.
TO Stark and myself, however, this diet did
not seem inevitable. Now neither of us had
ever been known as epicures; indeed, we had not
complained at having to confine ourselves to
dried and canned goods during our long flight on
the Wanderer of the Skies; but there were limits even
to our endurance—limits that were reached after
we had dined not once but scores and hundreds
of times upon substances as uninviting as stale
bread soaked in water. Oh, how we longed
now for a good old homely plate of beans! How
our mouths watered at the thought of corned
beef and cabbage! What fortunes we would
have given for a dish of ham and eggs!

  But it would have been as sensible to ask for

INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS

the sunlight itself as for these delicacies of the
dead past! Nothing half so good; nothing even
one hundredth part so good was to be had even
by the most fortunate Plutonian; and the worst
of it was that the natives merely stared blankly,
without a glint of understanding, when we sug-
gested a change in our menu.

  But even the most tractable nature, when sore-
ly tried, will finally rise in revolt. And so it was
to be with Stark and myself. Our longing for
culinary variety was to cause us no end of trou-
ble—as matters gastronomical have caused our
kind for ages past. But before I describe that
event, let me report one or two other happenings.

  As our education advanced, we had any num-
ber of tutors, most of whom seemed indistinguish-
able one from the other, for most of them acted
330

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

as mechanically as though we were machines to
be operated by means of switches and levers. But
there was one who differed from all the rest.
Shorter in build than most of her fellows, this in-
dividual (who went by the name of Zandaye)
did not reach above the level of our shoulders,
and at the same time was not nearly so slender as
most Plutonians.

  Her proportions—I say “her”, since she timid-
ly confessed to being neither a male nor a Neu-
ter—were those of the most graceful, sylph-like
woman; her eyes, which did not bulge like the
eyes of her fellows, were not green but blue;
her lips, likewise, were not green but red-tinged;
so that altogether, had it not been for her head-
lamp and her seven-fingered hands, we might
almost have imagined her one of our own peo-
ple.

  Little did we realize at first how these advan-
tages were regarded by her kin. For, when we
congratulated her upon her form and the color
of her eyes, she seemed almost ready for tears;
her voice trembled, her head-lamp turned red,
and she appeared to believe herself the butt
our jokes. It was only after long insistence tha*
we learned the reason for her queer behavior:
which was that she was regarded as a sort of
freak; that her reddish lips were held to be un-
natural; that her blue eyes were considered a
mark of atavism, of degeneracy, since most of the
lower animals on Pluto also had blue eyes; while
her perfectly proportioned form was condemned
as ludicrously obese.

  We assured Zandaye that she did not seem
monstrously heavy to us; but she went on to say
that her weight—which, translated into our scale
of measurements, would be about a hundred
pounds—was about the normal maximum for her
height. “However,” she added—and now her
face brightened, and her head-lamp took on the
loveliest golden hue—“that does not keep me
from advancing intellectually. Out of a class of
more than a hundred last season, I was one of
eleven judged worthy to become a Neuter.”

  “A Neuter?” I exclaimed, as much shocked as
if she had said that she was to enter a nunnery.
“Certainly, you are not going to let yourself be
thrown away like that!”

  “But, by my lamp, it is not to be thrown away!”
she flashed back. “It is to be consecrated! To
be sure, I still have a few sequons left to decide in
—but, after all, what is there to decide? I will
not be one of those who prefer a career of love
—for who would ever love a misshapen creature
like me?”

  Seeing Zandaye standing before us with a pit-
eous, forlorn expression in her great blue eyes,
Stark and I were almost ready to forget her head-
lamp and her fourteen long fingers. At least, I
know that confession was trembling on my lips,
and I fear that Stark was half ready to blot out
the thought of a certain black-haired temptress
several billions of miles away.

  But although we did not let our emotions mas-
ter us, our intimacy with Zandaye ripened rapid-
ly during the succeeding days. She did not neg-
lect her task of teaching us Plutonian; but she
had become far more to us than a tutor; she was
a friend as well, and would never hesitate to lin-'

ger with us overtime and to exchange views on
all manner of subjects. And so we came to look
forward to our hours with her as the only bright
spots in a gray monotony.

  Yet it was because of her that Stark and I suf-
fered the most serious misunderstandings of all
our years of comradeship. It was because of the
competition to shine in her eyes that we quar-
reled, and passed many long foolish hours to-
gether in a sulking silence. I shall not tell how
dismal and forsaken I felt whenever she turned
her smiles or her conversation upon him; or how
moody and depressed he would grow whenever
I appeared to be the favored party.

  Let me not say that we were actually falling
in love—for on earth, certainly, we would have
thought twice before nursing sentimental feel-
ings for a lady who wore a lamp instead of hair,
and had two fingers too many on each hand. But
since this was not the earth, she was assuredly
the most eligible candidate for our starved affec-
tions.

 reu,
 t Of

that /

 1AI* • ' A

              Discovered!

AND could it be that Zandaye reciprocated
our feelings? If she had not been regarded
as freakish by her own people; if her blue eyes
had not been laughed at, and her form—to our
notions, the form of an elf—had not been mocked
as grotesque, it is unlikely that she would have
been attracted to individuals of our preposter-
ously lampless build. But no doubt it was a
novel experience to her to feel herself admired;
and no doubt, being somewhat lonely, she found
our conduct less uncouth than our hairy, large-
mouthed faces might have led her to expect, and
began to look forward to our meetings almost as
eagerly as did we ourselves.

  At all events, we noticed that her voice, in our
almost daily meetings, had taken on a soft and
musical quality which it had not possessed at
first; while her head-lamp now and then would
glow to an ethereal blue, whose meaning we were
only able to divine.

  But how little we could guess or imagine the
strange future of our intimacy! Nothing could
have been further from our anticipation than that
sweep of events which for a while was to link our
fates.

  Let me now return to the most prosaic ques-
tion of our food supply, which was becoming in-
creasingly a worry as the days went by; and let
me tell how our eagerness to satisfy our palates
was productive of many evil fruite, of which Zan-
daye was to receive more than her share ....

  One day, turning in disgust from one of our
regular meals of synthetic mush, Stark and I left
our portions half completed, while dolefully won-
dering if our weight would in time sink to the
Plutonian standard. We were relieving our feel-
ings by expressing disapproval of the planet in
general, and by lamenting the absence of the art
of cooking in particular, when we heard a slight
rustling sound, and observed a small grayish
creature that had slipped forward to prey upon
our unfinished food.

  Eight-legged, with beady eyes and head-lamp,
it was of about the size of a rabbit, and, as we
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	331

well knew, was one of the numerous varieties of
Plutonian domestic animals. “Suppose it would
be good to eat?” I whispered to Stark, seized by
a sudden idea; and he, with a wicked gleam in
his eyes, muttered, “Wait! We’ll find out,” and,
seizing a long steel rod, made an instant end of
the creature.

  While I had not been prepared for such preci-
pitate action, I freely acknowledge an equal part-
nership in everything that followed. Clandes-
tinely, like two criminals—as, indeed, we were to
find that we were, according to Plutonian stand-
ards—we roasted our prey on the coils of an
electric heater which automatically warmed our
rooms, and which we managed to unbare with
great difficulty. Then followed a banquet royal,
in which we gorged upon the meat, which was
tough and stringy but tasted more delicious to
us than venison; and after everything was over
and we had licked up the last morsel, we dis-
posed of the remains as neatly as we could in one
of the refuse boxes to be found in every corridor,
and trusted to our good luck to keep the dead
undiscovered.

  Nor was it, apparently, detected; time went
by, and no one mentioned the subject to us. And
so, as our fears gradually subsided, we were em-
boldened to repeat the performance, and then to
repeat it once more, and once more. Not until
we had sacrificed half a dozen household pets
did we see any reason to suppose we had acted
unwisely.

  Then, with the suddenness of a thundercrash,
came disenchantment. One day, at an unex-
pected hour, Zandaye burst upon us in wide-
mouthed excitement. Her blue eyes were almost
staring out of her head; her fourteen long fingers
were working all at once, in twenty different
fluttering directions, her head-lamp shone with
alternations of scarlet and yellow.

  So agitated was she that at first she seemed un-
able to speak; she merely sank down into a seat,
gasping and exhausted; she panted out a few
words that we could not understand, and then
for a moment was unable to reply to our bewild-
ered questions.

  “Friends—dear friends," she at length man-
aged to say, while her head-lamp glowed to a
duller hue and her eyes took on a less terrified
expression, “I have come to warn you. I have
just overheard a conversation—and one that does
not bode well. It is about you.”

  “What—what is about us?” we both demand-
ed.

  A brief silence followed: then, with mournful
eyes, Zandaye continued:

61T7 RIENDS, I was passing an open council

  _T door of the Committee of Neuters chosen
to decide your case. Until today, you may know,
there has been doubt as to what was to be done.
But I, as one who wished you well, saw no rea-
son to fear. Yet now, it seems, an unjust charge
has been brought against you—oh, a charge
which I will never, never believe! By my head-
lamp ! it is impossible that you, so kind and gen-
erous, could have fallen as your accusers say. It
is claimed that you have killed animals—in order
to eat them!”

  Stark and I attempted no reply. We merely
stared guiltily at one another; while Zandaye,
not catching the expression in our eyes, hastily
proceeded:

  “It must be some enemy of yours who claims
that the skin and bones of the victim were found
in the refuse boxes in your corridor. How can
they believe you would commit such a disgusting
deed? Why would you, when you already had
food enough? And anyhow, what an idea!—to
eat dead animals! Well, it seems nevertheless
that this foolish charge is being considered by the
Committee of Neuters, and is urged as the ex-
cuse to perform an experiment which some of
them have already been recommending.”

  “Experiment? What experiment?” we gasp-
ed, remembering how murky and dark the lights
of the Neuters had become at the close of our re-
cent interview.

  Zandaye hesitated, but still wore a frightened
expression as she resumed, “They say that it is
an experiment which will benefit you—if you
survive. They have been wondering about your
lack of head-lamps, without which, they claim,
you are not fit for civilized life. Now they are
urging that you show vicious traits—such as the
desire to kill and eat animals—simply because
so many things are dark for you and you have no
lamps.

  “And so one of our famous surgeons, who is a
member of the Committee, is asking his fellows
to give him the right to perform some operations
in order to restore your light. He says he be-
lieves that, by removing the lower half of each
of youi heads—”

  “The lower half of our heads?” we both in-
terrupted, in one voice.

  “So, by my mother’s head-lamp, he says! He
will then, he reports, be able to stimulate a cer-
tain gland, which regulates the growth of head-
lamps, and which he thinks to be atrophied in
both your cases. By this means, after replacing
the removed parts of your skulls—”

  “By heavens,” I exclaimed, “we will both be
dead by that time!”

  “Not at all,” she declared, trying to smile.
“Not if the operation is a success.”

  “But how could it succeed?” I raged. “It’s
impossible!”

  “Impossible!” concurred Stark “Insane!”
From her melancholy expression, it was clear
that Zandaye agreed with us.

  “But tell me," I demanded, “certainly, certain-
ly this wild scheme hasn’t been approved?”

  “Yes, that’s what made me so excited,” she
confessed, with drooping head and despondent
eyes. “It was approved by the Committee of
Neuters—just as I slipped away.”

CHAPTER XV
Flight!

HAD we taken days to ponder our course, we
could not have reached any other decision
than came to us in our first minute after Zan-
daye’s revelation.

  “See here, Dan!” muttered Stark, lapsing into
English in his excitement. “There’s only one
332	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

thing to do. We’ve got to get out of this hole
—and get out fast!”

  “The less time wasted the better!” I cried, in
a voice that trembled.

  “What is that you are saying, friends?” in-
quired Zandaye, annoyed that we were speaking
in a foreign tongue.

  “We were saying,” I informed her, in a broken
Plutonian, “that we’ve spent time enough here.
We’ve got to go—get away—escape!”

  “Get away? Escape?” she echoed, while her
head-lamp registered a yellow-green flare of dis-
may. “But how? When? Where to?”
“Right now! Any way we can! Where I
don’t know!” I exclaimed.

  “Yes, yes, you do know! You must know!”
insisted Stark. “There’s only one place! We
must get back to the surface—regain our car—
and fly away from this accursed world!”

   “Oh, if we only could!” I sighed.

“But my friends, you would not leave me?”
shrilled Zandaye. “By my seven fingers, you
would not go where I could never see you again?”
“We would not want to—not if we could help
it!” I swore.

  “We would do anything sooner than stay here
to be vivisected!” raged Stark.

  “But think, my friends, the Committee of Neu-
ters may yet c'hange its mind!”

  “While we still have ours, we won’t .wait for
that!” I growled.

  And with this sentiment Stark registered com-
plete sympathy.

  “But how do you expect to escape?” inquired
Zandaye, whose head-lamp seemed to be ranging
through all the colors of the rainbow. “We are
deep, deep down in the ground, do you not real-
ize that? Do you not know how far it is, in a
straight line, to the highest corridor?”

I did not know, but asserted that we would
cover the distance no matter how far it was.
“Well, it is over thirty cerxes,” she stated.
Stark and I performed a rapid mental calcu-
lation. “Fifty miles!” he computed, with a grim
smile. “More than fifty miles underground!”
“Nearly ten times the height of Mount Ever-
est!” I groaned.

  We had not suspected that we were so far be-
neath the surface, and the information made us
feel as if the weight of the entire planet were
bearing upon our shoulders.

   “Well, no matter, it will have to be done,” de-
cided Stark, gritting his teeth. “It’s our only
chance.” And then, turning to Zandaye, “Will
you—will you be our guide?”

  Zandaye hesitated. Her head-lamp flickered,
and turned from a faint blue to the yellow of
fear. “My friends,” she assured us, in words
that wavered and almost broke, "my friends, for
you I would do anything at all. But, by my fath-
er’s lamp! it is a horrible risk! There are grave
penalties—if we should be caught. Perhaps
graver penalties for me than for you. But we
must not be caught. Yes, I will take the chance
—for your sake!”

  Once more the blue light returned to Zan-
daye’s head-lamp; while her great eyes shone
with an expression of mingled benignity and re-
signation.

  However, we could not let her sacrifice her-
self for our sake.

  “No, Zandaye,” I dissuaded—and I saw that
Stark had already opened his mouth for a simi-
lar request, “no, after all, you must not. You
mart not take the risk. We will not permit it.”
“You must permit it!” All at once the uncer-
tainty had disappeared from her tone; there was
the firmness of utter assurance. "You must per-
mit it! How will you be able to find your way
without me? How thread your path upward
through the long mazes? Why, you have not
even head-lamps to guide you. How long, do you
suppose, before your feet would be entangled in
the meshes your clever pursuers spread for you?”
Stark and I were silent; all too vividly we re-
membered our recent experiences with the spi-
dery webs in the dark.

  “No, friends,” she continued, “your only hope
is to let me show the way. I have often traveled
to the upper galleries; I know all the byways,
the side corridors. I will take you where your
pursuers would not think of coming. Do you not
trust me?”

WE were quick to assure her of our confi-
dence.

  “Then, by my right of Neuterhood!” was her
ultimatum, “you must accept me as your guide!
Otherwise, I shall not soon forgive the affront.”
As it was far from our desire to affront Zan-
daye, we let her know that her services were
gratefully accepted.

  But there were still many questions that tan-
talized and oppressed us. “How can we escape
even from our own corridor?” I asked. “I have
seen guards watching at the main entrance—
and, even if there were no guards, we would be
recognized and caught very soon—”

  “Have no fear!” she counselled. “Do you
think I would lead you to the main entrance?
Sacred head-lamps, but that would be too fool-
ish ! I know a small side-passage which is rarely
used and where there are no guards, because no
one would expect you to find it. Besides—” here
Zandaye hesitated again, and assumed a medi-
tative expression—“besides, I think you should
disguise yourselves.

  "Not by all the powers that see in darkness!
you can never be disguised from any one that
looks at you closely! But you may not be noticed
at a distance. First of all, you should cut off all
that brown fuzzy weed on your heads and faces.”
Stark and I both groaned. Still, when the
choice was between our hair and our heads, there
was little room for doubt.

  “Bring on the scissors!” we conceded, begrud-
gingly. And Zandaye slipped out of the room,
and in a few minutes returned with a long scimi-
tar-like blade of inconceivable sharpness.

  Now began an ordeal—truly, an ordeal I
should never care to repeat. Any one who has
tried to shave with a sword-blade will appreciate
how we felt when Zandaye wielded her terrible
implement. All in all, when I look back upon
that shearing, I feel lucky that we suffered only
minor injuries.

  It is true that I cursed and grumbled sufficient-
ly when Zandaye, evidently poorly acquainted
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	333

with our earthly anatomy, took off the tip of my
chin along with my beard; while never have I
heard a man howl more belligerently than did
poor Stark at the loss of an upper segment of his
right ear. Worst of all, Zandaye was frightened
almost to death at the sight of our blood, which,
as she observed to her consternation, was of a
deep red hue; whereas on Pluto, she assured us,
only the blood of animals was red, while that of
human beings was of the purest blue. I am
afraid that she had a passing fear that, after all,
we were not human.

  Nevertheless, she was tenderly solicitous in
treating our wounds . . . until finally, after an
harassing hour, Stark and I stood completely
shorn. Only a bare trace of stubble now re-
mained upon our blood-smeared faces; while our
denuded scalps showed but the baldest indica-
tion of ever having borne hair.

  “Now that’s better,” commented Zandaye, ob-
serving her handiwork critically, while she
slipped the instrument of destruction back into
its scabbard. “Yes, by the lamps of my ances-
tors, much better! How much more handsome
you do look!”

  Stark and I, catching a glimpse of our shining
pates in a hand-mirror passed to us by Zandaye,
thought that we looked like convicted criminals.
Hence we could only smile grimly when our help-
er suggested, “I believe you should really go
about like that all the time. It’s so much more
becoming! So much more man-like!”

  “There’s nothing else we need cut off, is
there?” asked Stark, with just a tinge of sar-
casm. “Our hands or our noses aren’t too long,
are they?”

  “Well, your mouths are much too big,” she
mused, regarding us with an appraising glance.
“Then, also, your fingers are so short, and so very
few! But let the eyes of all Neuters be my wit-
ness! we can’t overcome your natural handicaps.
Your faces, to be sure, might be made a little
whiter and more pasty of complexion—but that
we may yet remedy. The most important thing
to remember is about your lamps. I really must
do something about that. Since you can’t have
the genuine kind, I must give you imitation
lamps. .. Wait for me just a minute.”

  Before we could imagine what she was about,
Zandaye had slipped from the room again. Not
one minute but many went by before she had re-
turned ; and meanwhile Stark and I did our best
to soothe our still-aching wounds. We knew that
Zandaye’s intentions were of the best, yet we
wondered what new ordeal was in store, and ac-
cordingly were reassured when she returned with
nothing more formidable-Iooking than two crys-
tal globes.

  “Here,” she informed us, in tones of ringing
satisfaction, “are some artificial head-lamps.
They are the kind used by those of our people
so unfortunate as to lose their natural lamps by
accident. Of course, such crystals give no light
of their own, and are worn only for the sake of
appearances. But, at a distance, they may some-
times pass for the real thing.”

THEREUPON, to our intense disgust, Stark and
I were both equipped with the head-lamps.

Let it not be supposed that the process was in
any way pleasant; we had first to have some
heavy glue smeared over our scalps; and by this
means the crystal balls, which must have
weighed three or four pounds each, were fas-
tened so tightly that one might have thought
they had grown there. It was long before I could
accustom myself to the burden, and it is no won-
der that my neck involuntarily drooped; while
Stark, whose neck likewise hung, looked as
freakish as a circus performer with the great
gleaming transparent ball staring just above his
hairless forehead.

  But Zandaye was well pleased with the results.
Such was her enthusiasm that she leapt up and
down for sheer joy, and clapped her long hands
together uproariously, until we feared that the
noise would bring some passing Neuter to inves-
tigate.

  “Now at last,” she exclaimed, "you look like
real men! Yes, by the lights of all my family!
just like real men! Oh, my friends, you ought to
have done this long before! You ought always
to wear head-lamps! You can’t imagine what
an improvement it makes in your appearance!”

  Stark and< I grunted, and then consented to
having Zandaye put the final touches upon us
by rubbing a chalky powder over our lips and
faces—as a result of which we looked like walk-
ing ghosts.

  Now that our make-up was complete, all that
remained was to escape. And since Zandaye
warned us that any delay would be dangerous,
it was only a few minutes before Stark and I had
joined her on the way to one of those obscure,
little-used galleries which, she declared, might
eventually lead us to safety.

CHAPTER XVI

The Disappearance

UNTIL the moment of that memorable flight
with Zandaye, Stark and I had had no sus-
picion of the number and intricacy of the gal-
leries that threaded the Plutonian underworld.
Hitherto we had traveled mainly in the broad,
central corridors, which corresponded to the
leading streets of a city; now we were to wan-
der through labyrinthine byways that were like
the back-lanes and alleys pursued by criminals.
To give more than the vaguest idea of the maze
of passageways would be impossible, since my
very memory stands bewildered at the thought.

  I recall only that we glided through trap-doors
and half visible openings in the walls; that we
slunk through dark, grimy spaces reminding me
of coal-cellars; that we felt for our way in the
winding recesses of tunnels barely wide enough
to permit our passage; that we climbed intermin-
able flights of stairs, and crawled up spiral as-
cents so steep that we had to progress on all
fours. Most of the hollows were of a pitchy, un-
utterable blackness; and only the radiance of
Zandaye’s head-lamp, which shone and glittered
like a miniature sun, permitted us to find our
awy.

  Before we had been gone half an our, accord-
ingly, I began to wonder as to our wisdom in
334	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

fleeing with Zandaye—suppose that she were to
lose her way? or, worse still, suppose that we
lost touch with her, and were entombed here for-
ever? But, even in the absence of such catastro-
phes, how long would it take us to climb fifty
miles to safety?

  Yet all my fears, when put into words, only
caused Zandaye’s lamp to glow to a lavender of
amusement. “By the light of my head! do you
imagine I have not thought of all that?” she de-
manded. “It may cost us a day or two to get out,
but we will not starve; I have brought some food
with me. Besides, I know of a pneumatic tube
that will shoot us three quarters of the way up-
wards in less time than it takes to eat a meal.”

  Stark and I did not inquire into the details of
the pneumatic tube, although we were told that
it operated by means of compressed air. We
could not speak much as we continued on our
way, each within hand’s grasp of the others; our
minds were sufficiently occupied merely in order
to avoid the pitfalls of the darkness, to make sure
that no tell-tale sound would betray us, and that
the voice of no pursuer was muttering in the
gloom behind. Amid the bewilderment of those
crazy passageways, it was of course inevitable
that some minor accidents should befall; and it
is therefore not surprising that Stark should have
bruised his knee against some concealed obstacle
and ripped his already bursting Plutonian cos-
tume till one leg was half exposed; and much
less is it surprising that, in bending low to pass
through a barely visible doorway, I should have
forgotten about my lamp, of which I was remind-
ed by a sudden loud shattering sound, and by a
shock that went through my entire spinal col-
umn.

  “Cracked! May the Neuters preserve us!
your lamp is cracked!” I remember Zandaye
exclaiming, mournfully, as she cast her illumina-
tion upon me. “Split right down the center! And
we can’t stop to fix it! Lucky it’s made of spec-
ially tempered crystal; otherwise, it would have
burst to bits!”

  I did not tell her that I wished it had burst to
bits, since the weight was making my neck and
shoulders ache unmercifully.

  But we said no more about the matter, and
continued on our way in silence. Though the air
of the galleries was musty and stagnant, and un-
bearably foul to our nostrils; though the dark-
ness grew increasingly oppressive as the minutes
wore into hours, and our fingers became sore
from fumbling at the jagged rock-walls; though
a great weariness overcame our muscles and our
hearts panted warningly as we attempted the
difficult ascents, still we felt that we had one
great cause for thanksgiving—nowhere had we
seen the sign of any foe, nowhere had we heard
a suspicious footstep or beheld a suspicious light.
Could it be that we had eluded pursuit? that we
were actually to escape?

  “We are following galleries that are seldom
used,” confided Zandaye, on one of those rare
occasions when she let her voice rise above a
whisper. “Most of them were built ages ago,
before any of the modem thoroughfares. Some
of them have been abandoned, and the others
mostly lead to the storage vaults and the indus-

trial plants, to which they are a sort of back-en-
trance. Every one of our people, however, is re-
quired to know all about them, in case of emer-
gency—”

  With disconcerting abruptness, Zandaye
stopped short. Her head-lamp had lost its sun-
white glitter; a faint tinge of yellow was over-
spreading it.

  “Yes, what in case of emergency?” I demand-
ed. And then suddenly I remembered what a
yellow light signified.

  “In case of emergency—” she repeated, and
once more fell into silence.

THE yellow of her head-lamp was growing
more pronounced; in a moment, it had burn-
ed to a brilliant saffron.

  “What is it, Zandaye? What—what is it?”
we gasped, rigid with dread. But still her lamp
remained vividly saffron, and she stood stock-
still and speechless.

  Probably her senses were keener than ours;
were able to detect things that we missed. For
it was at least a minute—a minute of lingering
tenseless and staring-eyed suspense—before we
observed, far, far beneath us, a sight that made
us groan and shudder. Whole universes away
it seemed, lost amid the profound blackness of
the long, sloping corridor—but was it not un-
mistakable, that firefly flutter of a light? Was
it not the head-lamp of an advancing enemy?

  “Come! Quick! Quick! We must fly!” Zan-
daye burst forth, while her head-lamp gave a
series of yellow flashes. “Quick! Waste no
time!”

  Hardly could one imagine a madder flight
than our ensuing dash through the dark. Zan-
daye went first, her flickering lamp our guide,
her footsteps swifter than' ours to traverse the
uncertain gloom; while behind her Stark and I
panted as best we could, our hearts thumping
fiercely as we scrambled up step after sharp-
edged stone step. Still far to our rear, but grow-
ing closer, closer, glimmered that firefly light
in the dark; and now all at once there was not
one light, but three, four, half a dozen!

  How strangely, how fantastically rapid ap-
peared their flight as they rose through the va-
cant spaces beneath us! At times they would
vanish behind some turn in the gallery; then,
like torches in a nightmare, they would reappear,
nearer, more brilliant than before; and always
their numbers appeared to be growing, growing!
What chance to escape those relentless demon-
fires?

  At last the distance between us seemed to have
dwindled to a few hundred yards. The lamp-
bearers were advancing by great sweeps and
curves, almost as if leaping through the air; they
seemed to be making five steps to our one; al-
ready we could imagine we saw the baleful glit-
ter of their greenish eyes. Then, just as we were
about to sink down in surrender; just as we ex-
pected to feel the irresistible seven-fingered
hands clutching at our arms, we reached a turn
in the corridor, and Zandaye, with inconceivable
swiftness, flung open a little barely visible door.

  She darted through; I crept through after her;
my eyes caught a vision of fearful lights leaping
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	335

within hand’s grasp; then came the clattering of
the door upon its hinges—and darkness!

  “Follow me!” my guide whispered into my ear.
“They will not find us now!”

  But as I crawled after her through a tunnel
just large enough to permit my passage on hands
and knees, a staggering thought came to me.
Where was the third member of our party? Now
for the first time, as my panic began to subside,
I noticed that no Stark was at my side—no Stark
was to be seen by the wavering light of Zan-
daye’s head-lamp!

  “Andrew! Andrew!” I cried in terror. But
the rumbling cavern echoes were my only reply.
“Andrew! Andrew!” I shrieked again, in grow-
ing dread. “Andrew! Andrew!” But there was
no response except from Zandaye, who, turning
sharply about, put up a warning hand. “Not so
loud! Not so loud! If they hear you, we will
be caught too!”

  Then, coming close to me, she whispered a
sorrowful confession. “He is gone! We have lost
him! I had to do it! He was too far behind! I
had to close the door—or we would have been
caught! By my lamp! How could I help my-
self? I had to!”

  “You had to?” I groaned. “Then Andrew is
caught!” And, at that thought, I fear that the
tears rolled down my cheeks to match those al-
ready in Zandaye’s eyes.

  "But no, no! It cannot be! He cannot be
caught!” I cried, with insane desperation. “We
must go back to him! We must save him!”

  Such was my fury and grief that there was no
restraining me. Though Zandaye protested that
the attempt was madness; that I was throwing
my freedom away all for nothing, I insisted on
creeping back through the narrow tunnel on
hands and knees; insisted that the door of our
escape be flung open once more; insisted on
scrambling out into the large passageway where
we had beheld the pursuing lights.

  “Andrew!” I cried, hoarsely. “Andrew! An-
drew! Where are you? Where are you?”

  But the rocky walls flung back that cry as if
in mockery. And in all that hollow blackness
there was no other answer. The dreaded lights
had vanished, and with them Stark had disap-
peared as if the earth had swallowed him.

CHAPTER XVII

Among the Iron Cyclops

IT was long before Zandaye could persuade
me to leave that desolate spot and give a
thought to my own safety. I moped through the
gloom like a man demented; I scarcely cared
how I bruised my hands and knees against the
rock; I cried out again and again the name of
Stark, to be answered only by the sneering echoes
and the silence.

  "Come away! Come away, my friend! They
will surely return! They will hear you! They
will catch you!” cried Zandaye, whose head-
lamp blazed with a terrorized yellow. "You can-
not help him now! By the love of all Neuters!
you must save yourself! What gain for him if
they catch you?”

   “What gain for me to escape if he is caught?”
I groaned. “What will be the use? I do not
want to get away without him! He has been my
companion in all my adventures! I would not
go back to earth without him!”

   “Take courage, my friend, you both will yet
escape,” predicted Zandaye. But her words were
uttered in the manner of one who speaks of a
hope in which she does not believe.

  Then once more the heavy silence of those
eerie depths fell upon us. I was as if paralyzed;
I did not know which way to turn, I did not care
which way I turned; it seemed useless to seek
or strive now that Stark was no longer with us.

  Had it not been for Zandaye, I might have
gone fumbling back through the darkness; fum-
bling crazily back in search of Stark, to fall into
the hands of my enemies without benefiting my
friend. But Zandaye managed to dissuade me.
Even in this moment of despair, she exerted a
strange influence; I felt her presence like a sol-
ace, like a caressing warmth; I seemed to know
that her sympathy was quivering through the
darkness; and her will, her desire for my safety,
was in some inscrutable way a moving force.

   “Come, we must go!” she seemed to be saying
to me, even when no words came from her lips;
and her long, soft fingers, reaching for mine
through the gloom and intertwining with them,
sent a tremor through my veins even amid my
grief, and acted upon me like a command.

   And so I had no longer any will, any power of
my own. Where she led, I followed; followed
unquestioningly, slavishly, like an infant guided
by its mother’s hand. With one last disconsolate
glance back into the black abysses where Stark
had vanished, I retreated with her back into the
narrow byway, and for a second time heard her
slam the iron door, while the two of us, like con-
spirators, crawled on all fours through the re-
mote, tunneled depths.

  “Where are you leading me, Zandaye?” I
felt like asking. “What is to be the end of all
this? How can the two of us, together in the
darkness, expect to reach safety?”

   But I did not put these thoughts into words.
My mind was still benumbed; my will was not
my own. A strange magnetic power still seemed
to vibrate from Zandaye, drawing me on as if
to some foreordained destiny. And so for many
minutes, with her long fingers wound about mine
and her blue-white head-lamp serving as our only
guide, we crept through that narrow tunnel. That
we were bound for some known destination ap-
peared certain enough; yet, as we crawled and
crawled on our way, with crampcd muscles and
aching heads, it seemed to me that this dreary pit
had no outlet, that we would labor never-ending-
ly through the darkness, that perhaps at last we
would be sealed up here like rats in a trap.

   I	can hardly describe the extremity of my re-
lief when at length a dim illumination became
visible ahead of us. “There! There! I knew
we were getting there!” Zandaye exclaimed;
and, without another word, she hastened her
pace, while every instant the light grew more
pronounced. She did not seem to hear my re-
peated, “Where are we going? Where are we
going, Zandaye?”; her head-lamp only sparkled
336	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

more vividly, and she did not reply. . . until all
at once, while wonder contended within me with
fear, we rounded a turn in the gallery; my nos-
trils drew in deep draughts of fresh, life-giving
air; and we came face to face with one of the
most astonishing scenes I had yet beheld even on
this planet of marvels.

  So extraordinary was the spectacle that I
stopped short like one who, winding through
some narrow defile among the mountains, sud-
denly comes out upon a panorama of far-flung
ranges, forest, valleys, and lakes. My lips open-
ed in an involuntary gasp; my startled eyes
were ready to stare from their sockets. Spread
out beneath me was a cavern of Titanic propor-
tions; like the one I had already seen, it was at
least five hundred feet high and a thousand feet
across at its narrowest part, while its walls
glowed with radiance from some invisible source.
But, in all other respects, how unlike anything
we had seen before! Stretching ahead of us as
far as the eyes could reach, and extending from
the floor to the vaulting ceiling, were machines,
and machines, and more machines!

AND what machines! what profusion and var-
iety and intricacy of operation! Uncannily
noiseless, wheels as tall as ten-story buildings
rotated with a slow, deliberate motion; mile-long
chains revolved with only a low, rattling sound;
levers longer than the masts of ships bent in and
out, in and out with a frictionless efficiency;
tubes and pipes as thick as the trunks of giant
redwood were twisted and coiled like the entrails
of monstrous beasts; wire wound in and out in
a meshwork as of some colossal’s spider’s web,
and springs as long as a ten-car railroad train
were compressed and released with an automatic,
mathematical regularity suggestive of incalcul-
able power.

  Yet these sights, bewildering as they were,
were not the most surprising features of the cav-
ern. Placed at intervals among the wheels,
springs and levers, I observed multitudes of what

I	at first mistook for Plutonian laborers. Each
had a head dominated by a glaring light; each
was slender of form and from six to eight feet
tall and had long thin legs and seven-fingered
hands, which flexed and unflexed with amazing
rapidity, performing mechanical operations with
more precision and dexterity than any man I had
ever seen.

  Only after peering at them closely; only after
observing that their movements were too orderly
and perfect for mere flesh and blood, did I con-
clude that they were not living things at all, but
cleverly constructed automatons!

  “Where—where under the sun can we be?” I
muttered to myself, in English; while my gaping
eyes stared hungrily across that incredible scene.
And Zandaye, hearing me and gazing at me cur-
iously, bade me repeat the question in Plutonian;
after which she attempted to explain:

  “I thought you would have guessed what this
is. The world’s chief ventilation factory.”

  “Ventilation factory?” I demanded. “What
do you mean? The place where they manufac-
ture oxygen?”

  “Not at all. That is far away. In this cavern,

  by means of engines which you can’t see even
the hundredth part of, we start the planet’s air
in circulation, forcing a breeze down all the
chief corridors. Were it not for this factory, the
air everywhere would become stagnant, and af-
ter a few days life would be impossible.”

  “Heavens!” I gasped, whistling in my aston-
ishment. “I wouldn’t have guessed it was that
important!” And then, as the thought of my
vanished friend suggested itself to me, I was
shaken with fresh grief, and murmured, “I do
wish Stark could have seen this! Wouldn’t he
have been interested! ... By the way, what are
those man-like machines with the moving arms
and legs?”

  Zandaye glanced at me in surprise; her glit-
tering eyes reproached me for asking the self-
evident. “Why, you silly lampless thing! they
are our workers, of course. The iron men em-
ployed in all industries for the last fifty thous-
and sequons.”

  “Fifty thousand sequons?” I echoed; where-
upon Zandaye, realizing the extent of my ignor-
ance, tolerantly went on to explain:

  “None of the world’s factories employ actual
human beings any more, except as managers and
inspectors. Why should they, when men of iron
can perform the work so much more swiftly and
efficiently? Iron men, you see, never tire; they
never complain; they do not object to long hours;
they do not go on strike; they do not disobey in-
structions; they are not known to meddle or blun-
der. All in all, it is estimated that one mechani-
cal man is worth a hundred men of flesh and
blood. And the men of flesh and blood, for their
own part, have no reason to complain, since they
are released for the more useful, less slavelike
work. .. Now let’s be getting along into the fac-
tory.”

  “Just one minute, Zandaye!” I begged, glanc-
ing apprehensively toward that vibrating wilder-
ness of machinery. “Really, it doesn’t look very
safe to me out there. Don’t you think we’re like-
ly to be seen—”

  There was a laughing decisiveness in her voice
as she cut me short. “Seen? By my head-light!
who is there to see us? Surely, the iron men
won’t notice. No, my friend, this is the one place
where we’re least likely to be observed, for no
one ever comes here except to inspect or repair
the machines—which doesn’t happen once a se-
quon, since they are controlled automatically
from above. We shall be able to find some re-
cess where we’re absolutely safe to talk over our
plans. Come, my friend—don’t hesitate.”

  “I’m not hesitating,” I replied, with renew-
ed courage; and for a while we spoke no more
as we silently made our way amid the monster
machines.

  We saw the tremendous wheels rotating and
whirling above our heads and to all sides; the
huge jointed rods, like the limbs of iron Cyclops,
opened and withdrew with a precision beautiful
to watch; bellows-like globes, bigger than bal-
loons, were distended and deflated with a swift-
ness that the eye could hardly follow; screws as
large as railroad ties revolved in iron sockets,
steel belts twisted and bent about us, electric
coils gave out sparks and flashes like the signals
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	337

 of a wireless system. And all the while, secure
 from contact with the great machines, we fol-
 lowed a little twisted trail of stone that wound
 in and out amid the metallic masses like a well-
 cleared path through a jungle.

 HAD we clung to that trail, everything would
 have gone smoothly. But apparently it had
 not occurred to Zandaye to warn me—otherwise,
 catastrophe would have been averted. Yet can
 I really be blamed for stepping aside?—can I
 really be blamed, when the object of attraction
 was something unparalleled in my experience?
 Picture a shining crystal ball about ten feet in
 height; picture its face like a mirror, in which
 are reflected all the multitudinous activities of
 the whole vast cavern: the speeding of the
 wheels, the turns and twisting of the vast chains
 and belts, the flexing and unflexing of the mus-
 cles of all the innumerable iron men. “Can it be
 that I am dreaming?” I asked myself. “Am I
 only imagining all this?” And with these ques-
 tions in mind, I stepped forward impulsively to
 examine the crystal.

   So rapidly, so heedlessly did I act that Zan-
 daye’s terrified “Look out! Look out!” came too
 late. I did not see the meshes of fine wire on the
 cavern floor; I did not see the long sted rod that
 reached ahead on a level with my ankles. All
 that I realized was that my feet, in their head-

Down the aisle walked a resplendent large-
headed figure clad only in the light shed
by his sun-brilliant lamp.

long dash, struck some unseen obstacle; that I
lost my balance, and pitched precipitately to the
floor; that a sharp snapping sound came to my

(’T/nitration by Paul)

 ears, followed almost instantly by the most ter-
 rific crash I had ever heard. . .

   With a detonation as of thunder still resound-
 ing in my ears, I picked myself up, stunned, be-
 wildered, but unhurt.

   “May the Neuters have mercy on us!” wailed
 Zandaye. “May they have mercy for what you
 have done!” But not for several seconds, in my
 confusion and fright, did I notice the change
338	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

that had come over the cavern. And then, when
I did notice, I was scarcely able to believe. Where
all had been movement and activity only a min-
ute before, all was now lifeless and dead. The
machinery had come to a standstill! Not one
wheel turned, not one belt or chain revolved, not
one lever twisted, not one iron man stirred a limb
in all that enormous gallery!

  With hands fluttering with fright, Zandaye
stood open-mouthed before me. Her large eyes
were bulging to double their usual size; she was
uttering something that I took to be an oath or
a curse, though I could not make out the words.

  Trembling like her, and with eyes also dilated,
I stared at her in speechless confusion. And then
slowly, mercilessly, in deliberate, incisive ac-
cents, like the tones of fate itself, her words were
borne to me, “You have done an unthinkable
thing! An unthinkable thing, my friend! You
have switched off the power! You have turned
off the ventilation supply! The whole world will
be without air now! By the lamp of the Head
Neuter himself! the whole world will be without
air!”

  Her words ended in a gasp that was like a
moan, and her head-lamp glowed with an alter-
nate yellow and red; while I, gaping at her still
half in a daze, was only beginning to realize the
enormity of what I had done, was only beginning
to understand that we had stumbled into diffi-
culties compared with which our former woes
would seem of no account.

CHAPTER XVIII

A Bit of Crystal

LIKE creatures who realize too late that they
have walked into a trap, Zanaaye and I gave
way to panic as our minds began to grasp the
strangeness and peril of our plight. We were
filled suddenly with the stampeding animal’s
wild desire to escape; we had no thought but to
flee from this gallery, where the great motion-
less machines everywhere stared down on us as
if in mockery.

  “Huriy!” whispered Zandaye; and the very
murmuring of her voice sounded ominously loud.
Then, hardly taking time to be sure that I was at
her heels, she set off at a sprint down the winding
stone walk among the monstrous machines. I
had difficulty in keeping up with her, for at every
turn I was"in danger of colliding with some out-
stretched rod or some barely visible pipe or wire;
indeed, so impetuous was my pace that I could
not avoid one mishap, when I came face to face
with a wall with such speed that my head-lamp
gave a crash as of a hammer stroke and I saw a
crystal fragment clattering to the floor.

  Stunned from the shock, I picked myself up
hurriedly and was about to dash after Zandaye
when an unexpected, familiar noise came to me
with a flash of fear. It was still faint and re-
mote, but how well I recognized the thick-voiced
speech of the lamp-heads!

  Zandaye, too, had evidently heard the sound,
for she came darting back to me, her head-lamp
a glaring yellow. “The Neuters preserve us!”

she muttered. “We are too late! They have
come already! Quick! A hiding-place!’

  “But where? Where?" I flung back. And
my eyes, searching the desert of wheels and coils,
could find no likely-looking place.

  Zandaye meanwhile stood staring out across
that same wasteland, and not a word came to her
quivering lips.

  At the same time, at intervals, we heard the
heavy-toned voices in the distance; and gradual-
ly they seemed to be growing nearer.

  “Here!” exclaimed my companion, with start-
ling suddenness, just as I was about to own my-
self baffled. “Come here! Over here they won’t
find us!”

  Slipping down on,all fours, she cleared a path
amid a tangle of wires toward a great boiler-like
iron device a few yards away. I followed her as
best I could; but, being broader-limbed and not
nearly so agile, I could pass through the wire
barricade only after much scratching and tear-
ing, which marked my face and hands with
bloody lines and put many a fresh rent in my
long-suffering clothes.

  Yet I had the best of inducements to make
haste. The voices had burst forth again, in ex-
cited tones; and new voices were to be heard
from all sides of us. And was that not a search-
ing head-lamp which flashed for an instant
through a distant gap among the machines?

  Reaching the boiler-like contrivance, Zandaye
seized a small, barely visible knob and drew open
a door leading to a yawning black hollow.
Though I was still not within hand’s grasp, she
slipped through the opening, and stood franti-
cally gesturing; and when I came up, bruised and
panting, she flung forth seven clutching fingers
to hasten my entrance. In a moment, I had join-
ed her, and the iron lid had come rattling down.

   The interior was not completely dark, for there
was Zandaye’s head-lamp to illuminate it; and,
besides, there were a number of air-holes, hardly
large enough to see through, though sufficient
to admit a small amount of light. Our new quar-
ters, however, were none too commodious; Zan-
daye and I had barely room to crouch side by
side on the iron floor; while if I lifted my head
I would be in danger of striking the ceiling, and
if either of us moved sideways we would be stop-
ped by the wall.

  But our haven, such as it was, had come as a
friend in need, for it seemed unlikely that the
lamp-heads would find us here.

  Yet we had not reached the retreat any too
soon. Within a few minutes, we heard the voices
of party after passing party of Plutonians, as
they moved in great agitation along the stone
aisles all about us. At first, though we strained
our ears, we could not make out what they were
saying; yet it was manifest that they were be-
wildered, alarmed, and angry.

  We could hear an occasional metallic grating
and clattering, as of the manipulation of tools;
we could hear an occasional explosive exclama-
tion that sounded like an oath or a command; we
could hear the excitement of the passers-by grow-
ing from minute to minute, and realized that
their numbers were increasing. But we knew
nothing more definite until eventually a group
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	339

of them paused to confer at a distance of only
a few yards.

4t"D Y the head-light of my father’s father!”

  JD one of them was saying. “It’s the strang-
est thing in my experience! Such a complete
tie-up hasn’t been known for a thousand se-
quons!”

  “And we don’t seem able to trace its source!”
some one else returned, with a groan. “It’s just
as if some stupid beast had interfered.”

  “Blessed Neuters, isn’t that what did happen
once?” demanded a third. “You remember
reading of the great tie-up of the Sequon 503,
181, in which the world was without ventilation
for three days, and two million persons perished?
Now what did they finally find the cause to be?
Nothing but some little household pet, smaller
than a man's hand, which had strayed from here
and got entangled in the machinery.”

  “Yes, by my fourteen lingers, but today the
gallery is beast-proof!” another voice dolefully
added; after which, for a while, there was si-
lence.

   “It will be bad for us all at the final investiga-
tion,” the first speaker sorrowfully resumed.
“The Head Neuter will send a committee, and
some one will be demoted to the Frigid Corri-
dors. The Head Neuter is particularly severe
about such things. He always was a fanatic on
efficiency.”

  “But by the glory of his lamp! there’s nothing
to be done about it now!” came the mournful
response. “By this time the whole world has
noticed the lack of breezes. Why, already, be-
fore we came down here, radio messages were
coming from a hundred stations complaining
about the air supply. Mothers with babies were
frantic, since it’s said the lack of a draft kills
the very young.”

  A long-drawn sigh followed by a curse was the
only answer; then ensued another silence, and
it seemed to us that the party was withdrawing.
But suddenly, as Zandaye and I whispered to one
another that they were gone, there came an ex-
cited whoop, and half a dozen voices began to
gibber all at once.

  “By my lamp! look at this!” some one was ex-
claiming, in astonishment mixed with jubilation.
“Just look at this! If this isn’t a clue! A little
broken piece of crystal! Where did it come
from? It couldn’t have gotten here naturally!”

  “Let’s see it! Let’s see! Let’s see!” came
several eager voices; and all of them echoed that
disconcerting cry, “No, it couldn’t have gotten
here naturally! It couldn’t have gotten here na-
turally!”

   With a sinking heart, I recalled the bit of crys-
tal broken from my head-lamp.

  “There is no material of this glittering type
used in the whole ventilation factory,” diagnosed
one of the voices, soberly. “The texture is dif-
ferent—it must have been brought in by some
person—some person who had no license here.
Some person who probably caused all the trou-
ble.”

  “Some person we will have no difficulty in
finding, once the Inspection Service gets after
him,” another added, with an evil chuckle. “By

the murky light of his head! I wouldn’t like to
change places with him!”

  “No, the Head Neuter is very stern about in-
terference with the air. He considers it the
worst offense, next to falsely impersonating a
Neuter .... Now be careful, don’t lose that
crystal. It will furnish the best of clues.”
There came another ominous-sounding chuck-
le, and the voices of the party gradually grew
more remote. “If the cause of the trouble isn’t
discovered soon,” I made out, just before they
retreated beyond earshot, “isn’t it likely that the
Head Neuter will come here himself to take
charge? . . . . ”

  Meanwhile, huddled close against Zandaye in
our sweaty iron container, I felt chill after icy
chill creeping down my spine, and secretly pray-
ed that it would not occur to any of the search-
ers to look in a certain boiler-shaped machine.

Into the Depths

BUT time went by, and we were not disturbed.
Now and then we still heard some excited
party passing, still heard the clattering and thud-
ding of tools, but there was nothing to suggest
that our presence had been suspected, or that the
damage was likely soon to be repaired.

  And as we waited, Zandaye and I talked in oc-
casional whispers. “What I have been wonder-
ing,” she meditated, “is what actually caused
all the trouble. The rod your foot pushed
against evidently controlled the power, and in
your awkwardness you knocked the power-trans-
mitters out of place and cut off the connections
of the electro-radium waves, so leaving the plant
without any energy supply.

  “The forces that bless all good Neuters must
be with you! otherwise, you would have been
burned to death. The damage will be fixed,
however, as soon as they find what rod you dis-
arranged—but who can say when that will be?
There are thousands of similar rods in the fac-
tory. If we are not still here tomorrow, and the
day after, and the day after that—”

  But this was as far as Zandaye could proceed.
Suddenly, from without, there came a rushing,
whirring sound, accompanied by a chorus of jubi-
lant shouts. And from somewhere above us
there issued a clattering noise, as of the rotation
of machinery.

  Crouching flat against the iron floor of our
retreat, I tried to peer out through one of the air-
holes ; but the opening was so small that I could
not be quite certain what I saw, and I may only
have imagined that I caught a glimpse of great
revolving belts and huge levers in motion. “The
factory is working again!” I exclaimed, in tones
that were incautiously loud. “It’s working!
It’s working!”

  Before Zandaye had had time to reply, there
occurred the most disconcerting event of all. All
at once we felt a trembling as of an earthquake;
the floor began to shake and shudder, and then
slowly was withdrawn from beneath our feet!
Is it possible to conceive a more terrorizing situa-
tion? At the rate of a few inches a second, our
only support was sliding away like a folding door
into some unseen recess!
340	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  It was as if some invisible power were pulling
the strings, while we, the victims, could only
stare and await our doom. With frantic vio-
lence, Zandaye reached for the door of our pri-
son, but perhaps her very excitement betrayed
her—the handle was stuck, and would not pull
open! And all the while that she madly wrench-
ed and tugged, the floor was gliding away, re-
vealing an unfathomable black abyss.

  It was only a few seconds before Zandaye
and I were huddled together on the remaining
foot of our support, which also was withdrawing,
steadily and mercilessly withdrawing. And the
smooth metallic walls offered nothing to clutch
at! ... .

  In that last horrible instant, each of us held
instinctively to the other—two drowning persons
grasping at the same straw! I felt Zandaye’s
long fingers weaving themselves about my
shoulders; my own arms were flung desperately
about her neck; I could hear the violent heaving
and straining of her breast as it panted against
mine. And thus, clinging together, we fell.

  We fell, and in imagination lived through the
swift, long drop in the darkness. Yet there were
no tremendous abysses beneath; our plunge had
hardly started when we were jarred to a stop.
Not five feet below, we struck some hard object
with a painful thud, and, still with arms inter-
twining, lay sprawled upon a sloping surface.

  All about us the blackness was impenetrable;
even Zandaye’s head-lamp had been extin-
guished ; it was as if we had fallen into Hades.
Strangest of all, however, were the grating and
grinding metallic noises that came from the
gloom all about us; while the sloping surface was
not still, but jerked and jolted like the floor of a
railroad car.

  In that first startling moment, I was so re-
lieved at alighting somewhere that my terror had
almost left me. My head was aching; my sides
were sore; one arm felt bruised and strained; a
faint trickling as of blood was issuing from my
nostrils—but that was all. These facts I scarce-
ly noticed; I was more concerned about my com-
panion. “Zandaye, are you—are you hurt?” I
inquired, in a broken voice, as she slowly with-
drew from my clasp.

  She was a moment in answering. “No—no—I
—I don’t think so,” was all she was able to say
at first; and then, after a silence, mournfully
added, “My head-lamp—I think my head-lamp
was hurt. I don’t seem able to get it to shine.”

  But the damage turned out not to be serious;
after a minute, a reassuring glitter illuminated
the depths around us. By the light of the lamp,
we could see that we were in a tunnel—a narrow
tunnel, little further across than the distance be-
tween my outstretched hands; a tunnel whose
walls were gliding past at prodigious speed!

< < H! by the lower shades! Now I see what

  V/ has happened!” proclaimed Zandaye,
slowly, while she hovered close to me as if for
protection. “We are on one of the moving
freight platforms. One of the platforms used to
carry merchandise far, far down into the depths
of the world. You see how steep the grade is?”

  “Yes,” I groaned; for we were descending at
an angle of ten or fifteen degrees.

  “Evidently our hiding-place was one of the
containers for the factory refuse,” Zandaye sol-
emnly continued. “As such, it opens automati-
cally at regular intervals, discharging the waste
materials on to this platform, which carries them
away into the depths.”

  We were both silent for a moment, staring at
the barely visible walls that slipped past us at
the rate of an express train.

  “How long do you think we will keep going?”
I finally asked.

  Zandaye groaned. “Maybe for hours and
hours. These freight platforms are not very
fast, you see. We will go deep, deep down.
Down beneath the Favored Depths, where the
cultured and honored citizens live. Down be-
neath the lowest of the Neuter Circles, straight
into the world’s slums! Down, down, down,
among the most wretched elements of the popu-
lation! For that is where all freight platforms
lead. You will be far, far lower, my friend, than
you ever were before 1”

  “That comes of trying to get to the surface!”
I sighed, wondering if I should ever see the open
air and the starlight again.

   Meanwhile, with terrific jolts and jars we went
rattling on our way. I do not know how much
time passed; I had no way of estimating time;
I am sure, however, that Zandaye was right in
suggesting that we would travel for hours. But
amid all the strain and monotony of that long,
dark ride, her presence cheered me in some in-
definable way; her voice had a musical ring in
my ears, her every gesture had for me a charm
that made me feel not altogether unfortunate af-
ter all, though we were hurtling through a
gloomy unknown cavern.

  By insensible degrees, my uninjured arm
found its way about her form; my lips moved
forward to meet hers, which did not respond,
and yet did not withdraw; my words began to
quaver with a sentiment they had rarely known
before, and I pondered phrases that seemed wild,
daring, and wonderfully sweet .... And all
the while her head-lamp was glowing with the
most delicate, the loveliest blue one could imag-
ine.

  “Zandaye, what does a blue light in a head-
lamp mean?” I inquired, although I had more
than half guessed, the answer.

  Instantly the blue gave place to yellow. Her
words came forth by gulps and spasms; she avert-
ed her head; had she been an earthly maiden,
she might have blushed.

  “That—that, my friend, is a question you
should not ask,” she stammered. “It means—it
means I feel—what no one who is to become a
Neuter should ever feel! Forgive me—if I feel
what I should not feel. I cannot help it! Pay
no heed! I cannot control my head-lamp!”

   “But, Zandaye, is it possible then—is it possi-
ble—” I exclaimed, swept by a new delirious
hope. And my arm was reaching around her,
and drawing her closer, closer—when all of a
sudden I was interrupted by a tremendous jolt,
which whirled us both forward against the floor.
At the same time, the rattling and grating sounds
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	341

in the tunnel ceased, and the movable platform
quivered and grew still.

  “At last! The end of the road!” whispered
Zandaye, as, a little unsteadily, we picked our-
selves up. “Follow me. We will wait for the
proper moment, and then will slip out. By the
eyes of all benighted things! you will find that
we are in a miserable district! But somehow we
will escape.”

  I nodded approvingly; for I saw that Zan-
daye’s lamp had again glowed to a celestial blue,
and that fact contented me.

CHAPTER XIX

The Afflicted Regions

FOR many minutes we remained in silence on
the dark, motionless platform. In the dis-
tance an occasional dim light shot up and van-
ished, but around us all things were lifeless and
still. It was not until the platform began to
quiver again, as though in readiness for renewed
action, that Zandaye seized my hand, and whis-
pered, “Now! Now we can get away without
being seen. As you value your head-lamp,
waste no time, lest we be carried off again!”

  Without another word, we crept forward on
hands and knees through the low-roofed, sloping
tunnel. The air, I noticed was oppressively close
and heavy; foul odors, as of some dank basement,
were assailing our nostrils. But, fortunately, it
was not long before Zandaye’s keen eyes made
out a tiny doorway in the tunnel wall. “This
way,” she whispered; and, after throwing open
the gate by means of a barely visible little but-
ton, she preceded me into a wider and more airy
gallery.

  A flood of light burst upon us as we entered;
we saw that the walls were illuminated by means
of large glaring strips of metal strung at inter-
vals. “Ah, now we can safely talk again!” Zan-
daye exclaimed. “We are out of the freight tun-
nel ; no one will catch us here. But what I still
fear is that we may get lost amid the rubbish
heaps.”

  “I don’t see any rubbish heaps,” said I; for,
except for the dazzling lights, which were pain-
ful to my eyes, the gallery seemed pleasant
enough.

  “Well, you will see them soon!” she promised.
“We are in the slums, the Afflicted Regions—the
vilest, most poverty-ridden part of the world.
By my lamp! you will hold your nose, all right!
But I beg you, do not judge our world by its poor-
est part. Most of our people are also repelled
by these lower realms, and recognize them as a
blot on civilization.”

  Naturally, after this introduction, I was pre-
pared for something revolting. I do not know
whether I actually expected to have to make my
way amid garbage heaps; yet I did half antici-
pate seeing piles of old tin cans, broken glass
and rusted iron; while I had no doubt but that
we would encounter men and women of the most
squalid and ragged type. However, my fears as
to the outcome were quickly quenched. “You
need not be afraid of being recognized,” Zan-
daye had insisted, in response to my apprehen-

sive inquiry. “No one down here can see be-
yond his nose.”

  In view of my dark surmises, I was astonished
at the ensuing discoveries; astonished to be led
into a broad, vaulted corridor magnificent as
the palace of a king. More magnificent, pro-
bably, than the palace of any earthly poten-
tate !—gold and silver were flung about with a
lavishness rivalling anything in the “Arabian
Nights.” The walls were patterned of the pre-
cious yellow metal, which, varied by silver and
platinum, occupied the entire visible surface;
the ceiling was of gold studded with diamonds,
emeralds and rubies; the very floor on which we
walked was of gold interspersed with gems.

  “Can it be real?” I gasped, staring like one in
a dream. “Can it be real?” And while Zan-
daye stood by gazing at me in perplexity and
wonder, I remained as if paralyzed, letting my
eyes feast upon that superb spectacle.

  “What is the matter with you, my friend?” she
at length demanded, a little impatiently. “By
the lamps of the sages! one would think you had
never seen gold before! Of course it is real!
Why shouldn’t it be? What reason could there
be for using an imitation?”

  “Why, I—I’ve never seen anything like it!”
was all I was able to blurt out. “Are those—
are those diamonds? Are they real, too?”

  “Of course! Why not?” There was scorn
in Zandaye’s voice, and her lamp was alternating
between an orange of surprise, and a lavender
of amusement. “May the light of my head go
out, if you don’t seem to admire them! You
seem to suffer from the same fever as the people
of the slums!”

  “People of the slums?” I echoed.

  “Certainly! Can’t you see for yourself that
this is the slum district? What else could it be,
with so much refuse lying around?”

  Swinging her arms about her in a circle, Zan-
daye pointed to the gold and silver that glared
and glittered in every direction.

  Weighed down by earthly prepossessions, I re-
quired a minute to grasp the situation. I could
not believe the obvious; surely, I thought, Zan-
daye was only joking!

BUT it was not in a joking manner that she
continued, “This trash here, which is of no
real use to any one, is valued for some queer rea-
son by the natives of the slums. Anybody with
a lamp on his head could see that ordinary rock
is better for building purposes; while, as for
beauty, who would not prefer marble? But the
minds of the slum-dwellers seem to be congeni-
tally clouded; it is an inherited disease, scien-
tists say, handed down from those primitive days
when the whole world placed value on trinkets.
But alas! there seems to me no way of curing it;
once a slum-dweller always a slum-dweller, ap-
pears to be the rule. Unfortunately, there is
nothing that can be done for these unhappy
hoarders of refuse.”

  While Zandaye was speaking, my eyes were
fixed upon group of passing Plutonians. They
were broader of build and bulkier, it seemed to
me, than most of the natives; while their head-
lamps were burning with singular dullness, and,
342	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

in fact, seemed to be hardly illuminated at all.
But the really remarkable thing about them was
their clothes, which were resplendent with bands
and streamers of gold, with badges of burnished
silver, and with precious gems that adorned them
by the score and the hundred and were even vis-
ible on the upturned soles of their sandals.

  The most lavish care was apparent about their
whole personal make-up; their lips were painted
in green, moon-shaped curves; their hairless
heads were covered with a bluish smudge of pow-
der, and their cheeks were likewise blue-tinged;
their ears were weighed down with strings of
dangling rubies; and diamonds, sapphires and
amethysts hung in chains about their necks.

  “Look, Zandaye!” I whispered, hardly able to
contain my surprise. “Who are they ? Who are
those passing celebrities?”

  "Celebrities?” she excTaimed. And her head-
lamp flashed to a sudden lavender; while she
rocked back and forth in babbling laughter.
“Celebrities! Great shades of the Lower
Depths! but my friend has a sense of humor!”

   “I do not mean it as humor,” I declared, a little
resentfully.

  “But, by my lamp, it is delicious!” flung back
Zandaye, still not quite recovered from her mer-
riment. “So delicious I must tell it at home—
really, I must! Why, those people are not cele-
brities! They are simply poor slum-dwellers!”

  As she made this announcement, Zandaye
burst again into a babbling explosion, which left
me still in doubt as to whether she were in ear-
nest.

  But, after much difficulty, she made me real-
ize the Plutonian point of view. The accumula-
tion of gold or silver, she assured me, was re-
garded by most of her fellow men as a sign of
poverty; for at best a person could possess only
a certain amount, and if his hoardings were of a
material nature, then they excluded those men-
tal and spiritual acquisitions that constituted the
true wealth.

   I could not quite follow the tortuous reasoning
that led Zandaye to this conclusion; but I did
understand that the disdain of most Plutonians
for gold and silver was enormous, and that they
flung it to their fellows in the nether regions
somewhat as we fling garbage to swine.

  So far was I myself, however, from sharing
Zandaye’s attitude that I regarded the riches on
the walls and floors with a covetous eye, and
missed many of my companion’s remarks in my
eagerness to slip a few valuables into my pock-
et. It would be a fine thing, I told myself, if up-
*1 returning to earth—and for the moment I for-
got that probably I never should return to earth
—I should have a few large emeralds or dia-
monds to show as the practical fruits of the expe-
dition. I even began to wonder whether, after
all, flights to Pluto might not be put on a paying
basis; whether our expedition might not prove
to be the forerunner of an interplanetary gold
rush ....

  Occupied with such thoughts, I actually had
the daring, when Zandaye was not looking, to
reach into a corner amid some debris, to snatch
a ruby as large as a marble, and to secrete it in
the folds of my garment. Assuredly, this would

not be my only bit of booty were we to remain
long in the slums!

The Coming of the Poet

A FTER a few minutes, we turned into a larger
corridor, whose hundred-foot arching ceiling
was a blaze of gold. This seemed to be a central
thoroughfare; swarms of the natives were hurry-
ing noisily in all directions—and not one of them
but presented a glorious spectacle, with clothing
of gold and silver, or with argent banners and
streamers waving after them in the breeze. Even
the children, I observed, were adorned with the
precious metals, and wore diamonds as lavishly
as earthly children wear glass beads.

  “By all the powers of darkness! It is pathe-
tic, how poverty-stricken the people here all
are!” murmured Zandaye. “It makes one feel
like weeping. The worst of it is that none of
them seem to realize their plight. Their per-
ceptions have been dulled—you notice how poor-
ly their head-lamps shine

  Only when Zandaye pointed it out did I ob-
serve how, amid the glitter of their surroundings,
the head-lamps of the great majority seemed al-
most extinguished.

   “You see, very little of the illumination comes
from within,” she continued. “Nearly all of it
must issue from outside. That is why there is so
much glare and bustle here. But what else
could one expect, considering the menial occu-
pations of the people?”

  “You don’t mean to say,” I demanded, “that
these gorgeously robed persons are menials?”

  “I mean to say they have menial occupations,”
she returned, with a melancholy nod. “Isn’t it
deplorable! A blemish on our civilization!”
While I was wondering what degrading work
the passers-by must perform despite their majes-
tic appearance, Zandaye suddenly halted, and
pointed through a sumotuous-looking glass par-
tition to a gilded suite of rooms that might have
done service for a duke.

  “In there! In there they must toil!” she mut-
tered, contemptuously. “In there they drudge
half the hours of their lives! Adding figures!
subtracting figures! reckoning profits and losses!
speculating, gambling, lying, quarreling, plan-
ning trade-balances favorable to themselves!
Pity them, the poor slaves! By all gracious
light-givers, isn’t it unfortunate that such beings
exist?”

  Passing a door leading into the splendid suite
of rooms Zandaye had indicated, I was startled
to see a sign, “Bankers and Stock Balancers.”
And across the way, on a door connecting with
an equally elegant-looking suite, there was a sign
that read, “Investments. Legal service for hire.”
Surely, I thought, Zandaye’s wits must be wan-
dering !

  “The strange thing,” she continued, “is that
many of these poor benighted creatures choose
to remain benighted. Alas! there is no helping
them! We send members of welfare organiza-
tions down here to convert them; we promise
them all sorts of inducements, even suggesting
that some of them, if they show sufficient talent,
may be eligible to become Neuters. But it is all
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	343

of no use. Not one person in a thousand in these
lower depths ever rises above his origins; not one
in a million is promoted to Neuterhood. There
are, of course, always a few who aspire toward
the light, but most of them are hopelessly sub-
merged in their environment. No career is open
to such wretches except to go on accumulating
gold."

  Not being able to share Zandaye’s point of
view, I could only grunt a perfunctory reply;
while my companion went on to explain, “Some
people believe there is an hereditary curse upon
these unfortunates. Others think they come of
an inferior racial stock, being really cousins to
the beasts. Still others hold that they are being
punished for sins committed in previous lives.
For myself, I cannot say. I only know they are
unhappy, and so my heart goes out to them.”
By this time we had reached a secluded plat-
inum alcove, apart from the noise and confusion
of the main gallery. Zandaye motioned me to
sit down with her here, and after we had de-
posited ourselves cross-legged on the floor, she
relieved her pockets of a number of capsules and]
other articles of food, which, however, unpala-
table, sufficed to allay our hunger.

  We had just completed our meal and washed
it down with the water from a public tap, when
we noticed an unusual tumult in the central gal-
lery. With loud cries and gibbenngs, the people
had withdrawn to the sides of the corridor, and
were bobbing up and down and waving their
hands beneath them in fantastic bows or salaams,
while down the aisle walked a resplendent large-
headed figure clad only in the light shed by his
own sun-brilliant lamp. Taking advantage of
the momentary confusion, I seized a little lump
of gold from a cranny in the wall and put it in a
safe hiding place; so that, when T again turned
to the spectacle in the gallery, the resplendent
one had vanished, although a flock of shimmer-
ing-gowned individuals that followed him, in the
manner of a military escort, were still trooping
by in plain view.

  “Who is he?” I inquired of Zandaye, thinking
him the most imposing-looking Plutonian I had
yet seen. “The Head Neuter?”

  “Head Neuter?” she laughed. “By my lamp!
what queer ideas you have! Tell me, what do
you suppose the Head Neuter would be doing
here in the Afflicted Regions?”

NOT knowing how to answer, I remained si-
lent.

  “No, of course, it was not the Head Neuter,”
she went on. “But it was some one equally
great, or perhaps greater.”

  “Greater?” I echoed.

  “By the radiance of his presence! that is like-
ly. It was a poet.”

  Dumbfounded, I stared quizzically at Zandaye.
But not even a ghost of a flicker of amusement
illuminated her features. Her face was grave
and solemn, and no trace of lavender had crept
into her head-lamp.

  “It was a poet, doubtless coming here in search
of atmosphere,” she continued. “You can see
how his admirers follow him about.”

  “But why—why does every one bow?” I de-

manded, pointing to the crowd that still bobbed
up and down with gestures of homage.

  “The Neuters bless you! didn’t I say he is a
poet?” she repeated, as if that wsre explanation
enough.

  But I must have looked the confusion that I
felt, for after a moment she went on to declare,
“Naturally, the poets are the most honored
among us. Why should they not be ? for do they
not lead the world in a far deeper sense than
any statesmen ? And so an ancient custom pre-
scribes that they be honored wherever they go.”

  “But surely down here—” I gasped, too be-
wildered to control my words—“down here poets
are not—”

  “Yes, even here the old tradition rules, and
men pay their respects to poets, as you can see—
though it may be that the inner light is so dull
that the worshippers act only out of habit and
without any actual feeling of reverence.”

  I was just about to make some remark regard-
ing the impractical standards of Zandaye’s peo-
ple, when a large emerald, which I observed con-
veniently near at hand, interrupted my train of
thought and turned my mind away from the
poets. After a little skillful manipulation, I suc-
ceeded in gaining my prize; and at the same time
Zandaye, who had observed a prize of quite a
different nature, startled me by swooping down
into the center of the gallery and picking up a
small sheet of paper dropped by the last of the
poet’s passing admirers.

  “By my head-light! Just look!” she exclaim-
ed, coming to me and unfolding the paper, which
was filled with the jagged-looking native print-
ing. ' “Just look! A copy of the Daily Neuter!
All the latest news! And I was just wondering
what was happening in the world. Down here,
you know, they hardly ever read newspapers.
They are too busy with the stock reports.”

  Enthusiastically Zandaye let her eyes race
along the contents; while I, having no interest in
the news, watched her with a yawn and secretly
wished for some good sleeping-place. Little did
I realize how important that paper was to prove
for me!

  Suddenly she stopped as if struck. Her mouth
opened wide in a gasp; her head-lamp blazed
through all the colors of the rainbow. “Why
look—just, just look!” she stammered. “Read
—read this!”

BUT her eyes darted eagerly down the col-
umns before she would permit me to take
the paper. And, glancing over her shoulders,
this is what I read:

RUNAWAY SAVAGE CAPTURED
One of Wild Men Gets Away in Break for
Freedom

        The two savages who recently appeared unex-
     pectedly in our midst, and who have given rise
     to world-wide discussions in scientific circles, have
     tried to outwit their captors and escape. These
     aborigines, whose lack of lamps and general low
     intelligence are only two among their many re-
     markable qualities, have been detained pending
     further investigation by a Committee of Neuters,
     some of whom maintain that, by means of pro-
     per surgical incisions, the less human qualities
     of our visitors may be eliminated and the secret
     of their origin determined.
344	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

        After an exciting chase, one of the runaways
     was captured late today in the Three Hundred
     and Eleventh Emergency Tunnel by the Inter-
     Gallery Rangers. The other, according to the
     Rangers, would also have been taken had it not
     been for the serious tieup of the Ventilation Fac-
     tory, which, by a coincidence, occurred just as
     the pursuers were closing in on the fugitive.

        Owing to this interference, however, the es-
     caped prisoner, who is believed to be also a dan-
     gerous lunatic, is still wandering at large; and
     citizens are urged to be on the outlook for him.

     He is described as of an extremely ugly and un-
     gainly build; very short and fat; with small
     weak eyes of a beast-like blue; two fingers miss-
     ing on each hand, and the other fingers grotes-
     quely short; no head-lamp; an uncouth speech
     and manner; gigantic mouth of a monstrous red;
     and a blank but ferocious countenance. Honor
     awaits his captor dead or alive.

        As for the other member of the pair, he is be-
      ing held in a strictly guarded cell, and is being
      subjected to the Ninth Rite of Coercion in order
      to make him divulge the whereabouts of his fel-
      low, which he is believed to know, but steadily
      refuses to impart It is held that, by this meth-
      od, his resistance will be broken down within a
      day or two at most ....

  “The Ninth Rit6 of Coercion!” exclaimed Zan-
daye, her voice shaking, her lamp by turns red
and yellow. “May their heads be stricken light-
less, but that is terrible! How can they be so
cruel ? How can they ? ”

  Her long fingers clenching and unclenching,
and her lamp blazing in angry spurts, she stamp-
ed all about me for several nerve-racking min-
utes.

  Then, in response to my excited query, she ex-
plained, “The Ninth Rite of Coercion is a sur-
vival from our primitive ancestors. It is an old
form of torture, hardly ever used nowadays. The
victim is left all alone in a small dark cell, forced
to stand upright without food or drink, without
any one to talk to, and without a thing to do.
Two or three times a day he is asked whether
he is willing to confess, and if he does not ans-
wer or answers falsely he is left to his misery for
another blank, solitary period. A few days of
such treatment is enough to break down a man’s
spirit if not his mind.”

  “Heaven preserve us!” I cried. “So that is
what is being done to Stark!”

  “Yes, by my lamp, that is what is being done
to your friend!”

  I groaned, and a gloomy silence intervened.
I pictured Stark in the throes of his lonely tor-
ment; I pictured him suffering, perishing in his
loyal failure to divulge my whereabouts. And I
remembered what a good friend he had been, and
remembered also our long, harrowing adven-
tures together, I groaned again, and a sudden
resolve flashed over me.

  “Come!” said I, to Zandaye. “Come, we are
going back! At once! I shall give myself up.
There is no other way to save my friend.”

  Zandaye too groaned, and hung her head sor-
rowfully. But in her great blue eyes there was
a gleam of approval.

CHAPTER XX
A New Servitude

/"v N Pluto, no less than on the earth, it is some-
times easier to make a decision than to put
it into execution. So, at least, Zandaye and I
discovered following my resolve to surrender
myself in order to save Stark. Although I con-
tinued to be profoundly agitated about my
friend’s plight, and felt that only my speedy re-
appearance could rescue him for torments in-
describable and possibly from death, I found it
no simple matter to make known my whereabouts
and identity.

  Had we been anywhere else on the planet, the
problem might not have been difficult; but alas!
the people of these golden galleries were little
interested in me or my affairs. Judging from
the attention they paid to me, I might not have
existed at all; they were flitting through their
blazing corridors with such haste that they took
no notice when I called to them, when I motioned
them with excited gestures, or even when I sought
to seize them by the arm as they bustled past.

  After many minutes of exasperating efforts,
during which I felt as if I were beckoning to
ghosts, I abandoned the attempt in despair, and
dismally turned to Zandaye for advice.

  “By the lamps of all Neuters!” she swore, shak-
ing her head knowingly. “This is only what I
expected! I told you the people do\vn here
can’t see further than their noses. What is more,
they are deaf to all sounds except the clinking
of metal.”

“But isn’t there anything at all we can do?”

  She nodded, doubtfully. “Every one here is
too much worried over business to care about any
one else’s troubles. They have a motto that it
pays no dividends to lend a helping hand. So,
if you value your friend’s life, we’d better be
looking elsewhere. I do not know how far we
are from the end of the Afflicted Regions, but
maybe if we commence climbing we will soon
escape.”

  There being nothing else to do, I accepted
Zandaye’s suggestion, and, with a reeling head,
started with her through a succession of up-
ward-leading galleries. But for a long while we
noticed little change of environment. Every-
where the walls, floors and ceilings were lined
with gold, silver and precious stones; everywhere
the natives were rushing past at heedless haste.

  Some of them, we noticed, carried enormous
gleaming burdens around their necks, which hung
low as if in shame; others, borne down by no such
weights, went gliding round and round in circles,
their outstretched hands clutching at emptiness;
here and there two or three were writhing and
wrestling unnoticed on the floor, tearing at one
another with long bloody fingers like the claws of
beasts; while all, no matter what their occupa-
tion, seemed oblivious of our coming and paid no
heed to our cries and gesticulations.

  Sheer worriness at last put a halt to our search.
It was many, many hours since either of us had
had more than a snatch of sleep; and, urgent as
was our mission, we had to pause in a niche be-
tween two golden pillars, which, while too hard
(Illustration by Paul)

  They would occupy them*
selves endlessly in making
charts and maps of our heads..

ing the melancholy light in her eyes and the
gloomy fading of her head-lamp, “I do not want
you to undergo any more risks fcr my sake. If
it is better for you, we must part at once. Then
it will never be known that you aided me. Yes,
Zandaye, I fear we must part at once.”

  The last words came forth with an effort; for
I could not but shudder at the thought of separat-
ing from my beloved companion.

  But the brilliance came back into her head-

wrong? Forget the danger to myself! What
does that count? I faced it willingly; yes, I
faced it gladly—for did I not face it for you?”
“For me?” I gasped; and, looking at her close-
ly, I noticed how wistful, how tender was the
light in those intense blue eyes of hers.

me?” I repeated. “For me?” And
.F suddenly I was swept by the conscious,
ness of something strange, something unbelieva

INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	345

for comfort, at least did afford us some seclu-
sion. There we both fell almost instantly itno a
deep slumber of sheer exhaustion, from which we
awakened I do not know how much later, feeling
sore all over but otherwise refreshed.

  And now it was that Zandaye, who usually
made no lamentations on her own behalf, per-
mitted herself a moment of dreary reflection:
then it is even possible that the Maximum Pen-
that I helped the two prisoners to escape—well,
my Pre-Neuter studies. And if it becomes known
manded by my Governing Superior for neglecting
have been noted .... I will probably be repri-
pen to me when we get back. My absence will

  “By my lamp! I do not know what will hap-
alty—”

  “But Zandaye, Zandaye,” I interrupted, not-

lamp, and there was fresh energy in her voice
as she replied, “By the honor of a Pre-Neuter!
do you believe I would desert you? Do you
think I would come all this distance with you,
only to forsake you now? What! then you im-
agine our people have no sense of right and
346	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

ble. Her head-lamp had again flamed to a
heavenly azure; and my intimation as to the
meaning of that color was vividly confirmed.

  “Zandaye,” I murmured; and I allowed my
hand to slide into hers, I allowed my fingers to
intertwine with her long ones. For the moment
I forgot that she was a Plutonian, and I a native
of the earth; I forgot that she wore a head-lamp
and no hair, that she had fourteen enormous fin-
gers, and came from a race with manners and
ideals alien to our own.

  All that I knew was that she was a fellow
creature, a woman, and one who was infinitely
kind and infinitely dear; and, at that knowledge,
my heart beat fact, my breath came short and
hard; the millions of miles between us were
blown away in a flash, and nothing mattered
except a kinship that seemed above time and
space. And so my arms reached forth, and were
about to enfold her, would have enfolded her—
when all at once she leapt up, freed herself
from me, and exclaimed, with resolution in her
voice:

  “Come! We must not forget ourselves! We
have a mission to fulfill! By the mother that
gave me birth! how can I listen to you ? I know
the thoughts that leap in your brain, the floods
that stir in your heart. But you must check
them, calm them. I cannot listen. For I—I am
to become a Neuter!”

  With panting breast and head-lamp beatifi-
cally blue, she stood facing me proudly, while
tenderness tempered by determination spoke in
her long, shapely face. And, as I stared at her,
my heart sank within me, even while my admira-
tion, my passion grew; for it was as if I already
knew that-her resolve was irrevocable.

  “But, Zandaye,” I murmured, in faltering
tones, “tell me at least, Zandaye, that I am some-
thing to you—that I am more than the stones be-
neath your feet!”

  “You are more to me than the eyes that give
me vision! You are more than the lamp that
shows me the way!” she swore, fervently, al-
though without raising her voice. “Yet you can-
not be more to me than my purpose in the world.
For that belongs not to me, but to my race ....
Come now, we must not talk of that any more.
Let us waste no time, since it still may not be too
late to save your friend.”

  Resignedly I bowed my head; for I perceived
the futility of protest. Only too well I realized
the truth behind her final words—what right had
I to be lingering here, talking of fond and foolish
things, when every moment might bring fresh
peril and agony to Stark?

  And so for many minutes we spoke no more,
but plodded again along an upward-sloping gal-
lery, and followed many a difficult winding and
many a long flight of stairs in our efforts to es-
cape the gold-littered mazes. I noticed that
there was a thoughtful glitter in Zandaye’s eyes,
and that the blue light had not left her head-
lamp ; and I too was thoughtful, although I did
not try to be communicative ....

  But let me pass over all this difficult period,
and tell how, after hours of walking, we observed
a welcome change in our environment, and came

out of the labyrinths of precious metals and gems
into a still more remarkable district ....

  Evidently we had been only in the upper lev-
els of the Afflicted Regions; otherwise, we would
not have been able to escape so soon. As it was,
however, a series of vigorous climbs took us to a
height that dwellers in the Afflicted Regions nev-
er attained.

  No longer was our route lined with gold and
silver; no longer did hurrying throngs dart heed-
lessly past. The atmosphere, as if by some im-
palpable influence, seemed to grow lighter and
easier to breathe; it was as if a weight, a pres-
sure had all at once been removed; and our spir-
its rose by swift degrees at the sight of galleries
that were wider and airier and less brightly but
more tastefully illuminated.

  I should say, in fact, that never had I seen
more exquisite taste displayed anywhere. We
roamed through great columned aisles endlessly
branching and interbranching, like those of some
colossal cathedral; we gazed upward at gently
curving ceilings glowing in a luminous haze; we
stared at walls that seemed translucent, crystal-
line, as though the light, of the hue of moon-
beams, seeped through at all points from in-
visible luminaries.

  Here and there was a painting, a bas-relief, a
statute; and these decorations were neither so
numerous as to be ornate, not so few as to be
exceptional; but all had the most elegant and
imposing simplicity, in which a consummate art-
istry of design was balanced by an equally con-
summate artistry of concealment.

  “Where are we now?” I inquired of Zandaye,
while, transfixed with wonder, I roamed through
those magnificent halls.

  “In the Studio Residential District,” she de-
clared. “It extends for hundreds of miles, and
it is all as beautiful as this. This is the region
reserved for the most accomplished among the
Neuters—the writers of poetry and music and
drama, the sculptors and painters, the actors, the
architects, the leaders in the dance. It is
thought that great art can flower most splendidly
only among surroundings of great art.”

  “I do not doubt that,” I declared, thinking that
I myself might almost become artistic were I to
remain here long. “But where are the dwellers
in this superb section?”

A Tribute to Art

BEFORE Zandaye had had time to reply, the
answer came from an unexpected source.
Out of a small side-gallery, several gleaming fig-
ures emerged, evidently attracted by the sound
of our voices. They were all exceptional in their
slenderness and height, in the size of their heads
and the brilliancy of their head-lamps; and all,
being Neuters, walked unimpeded by any cloth-
ing.

  Upon seeing us, they burst into a low bab-
bling of laughter, pointed to us with curious ges-
tures, and immediately surrounded us; while
from half a dozen unobserved entrances their
fellows issued, until we found ourelves in the
midst of a fair-sized crowd.

About most of these creatures there was some-
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	347

thing so resplendent, so ethereal that I could al-
most have imagined mj'self in the presence of
celestial beings. And in their voices, as they
turned to one another with excited exclamations
that I could not catch, there was a musical soft-
ness and resonance not to be found among most
of the Plutonians. “Truly, they look like art-
ists!” I reflected; and then, remembering the ur-
gency of my mission among them, I attempted to
speak, to tell them who I was, and to induce them
to deliver me to the proper authorities.

  Most of my words, it appeared, were superflu-
ous—how could these intelligent personages fail
to know who I was? They were little interested,
however, in what I had to say, and my requests
bore no more weight than a child’s entreaties.
After scores of them had examined me with in-
quiring eyes, and little groups had engaged in
eager whispered conversations, one of them—evi-
dently their self-constituted leader—turned to
me with long hands uplifted, and announced:

  “My friend, you are to dwell among us for a
while. It is true that the Head Neuter is looking
for you; but he does not yet know you are here,
and will be all the more pleased to find you when
you are at last surrendered. Have no fear; we
will treat you kindly.”

   “But I must be given up at once!” I cried, des-
pairingly. “My friend must be saved from tor-
ment!”

  Peculiar smiles flickered across the faces of
the artists.

  “Do not be alarmed,” one of them advised.
“We are a humane people; we do not put any
man to more torment than he can bear. When
your friend reaches the limits of his endurance,
the Ninth Rite of Coercion will be relaxed.”

  There was little enough consolation in this
suggestion; yet it appeared useless for me to ar-
gue. I pleaded and pleaded until my voice was
hoarse; then, as a last desperate measure, I re-
minded my new masters that a reward had been
offered for my capture—but they only laughed
at the announcement. “What,” they demanded,
“are we then mere children, to be moved by the
thought of reward? No! our only reward can
be in the advancement of our art! It is for this
reason that we are holding you here!”

  How I could advance their art was more than
I could imagine; but before long I was enlight-
ened. In the company of fifty or sixty of the
artists, amid whom Zandaye walked unnoticed,
I was conducted to a large colonnaded court,
whose pillars were all of iridescent crystal, and
against whose walls a hundred many-colored
fountains were playing. A brief intermission oc-
curred, during which Zandaye and I were offer-
ed food; and then began an ordeal of an unex-
pected nature.

  The artists crowded about me so closely that
most of them had to stand on tiptoes in order to
see; while a few, in the rear, elevated themselves
upon pedestals or upon tall improvised platforms
Some, to my surprise, produced palettes and a
canvas-like cloth and began to paint; others be-
gan modelling out of a dough-like substance;
still others made hasty sketches in black and
white; while not a few displayed note-books and
commenced to scribble enthusiastically.

  Yet I was not pleased as I watched the devel-
opment of their work, and particularly of the
paintings and busts, which, I was told, strove to
bring out my “underlying spirit”, and which
depicted me as all mouth and ears, with an ex-
pression as humane and enlightened as a goril-
la’s. In such a manner, I was assured, I was to
be “immortalized”.

  But not all the artists were trying to produce
complete pictures. Some confided themselves to
details; one devoted hours to perfecting an enor-
mous likeness of my nose, not neglecting to bring
out the detail of a pimple with photographic
reality; another did nothing but represent my
eyelashes, and still another portrayed my teeth,
which, being much larger and more numerous
than the native variety, were regarded as cur-
iosities.

  But most remarkable of all was one who made
pictures little larger than a postage stamp, to
which, upon their completion, he applied a little
buzzing electrical tube. “This magnifies the il-
lustrations a hundred diameters, and makes it
possible to flash them all over the world,” he
explained. “Whenever I give the release sig-
nal, people in every far-off gallery will instantly
see your eyes, your ears, your lips represented
upon a screen . . . . ”

ri’ this was fame, surely I should have enjoyed

it. Yet never was I more bored than in those
long hours when I served as an unwilling model.
The worst of the matter was that one sitting did
not suffice; I was forced to pose on several oc-
casions; I was detained for days, and was so well
guarded that there was no possibility of escape—
and meanwhile what unbearable pests were har-
rying me!

  I think the most irritating were the novelists,
who insisted on examining every hair of my body
in order that they might omit no detail from their
realistic stories; but the musical composers were
nearly as bad, for they desired to represent my
prevailing mood in symphonies which, while gen-
erally applauded, sounded to my inexperienced
ears like the rattling of kitchen dishes. The
poets, again, made my life a misery by their
greed to celebrate in verse the “shades and nuan-
ces” of my thought; yet, for all that I could
gather, they had more to say about the shape of
my arms and feet than about anything that went
on within me.

  As examples, let me quote, as nearly as I can
translate them, some stray lines that come back
to memory out of the many composed in my hon-
or:

       0	creature of the blue-eyed, lamp-
            less head,

      Who breathes, yet walks in dark-
           ness like the dead,

       You come among us like a ghost to
           show

       How our wild forbears, age on age
           ago,

       With idiot faces, gaping and inane,

       Were monsters, gross of build and
           weak of brain.

  I freely confess that such lines did not fill me
with any enthusiasm for Plutonian poetry, and
348	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

that I failed to see either their beauty or their
wisdom. But I dared not criticize, since I was
told that I was no student of poetry; and so I
merely grumbled a bit and kept my own counsel,
While whole reams of similar effusions were be-
ing prepared for world-wide distribution.

  It will be believed, therefore, that my eager-
ness to reach Stark was not my only reason for
rejoicing when at last I was informed that my in-
carceration among the artists was approaching
its end; that the Ruling Neuters had been noti-
fied of my presence, and that, along with Zan-
daye, I should be sent for on the following day.

CHAPTER XXI

The Ninth Rite of Coercion

AFTER bidding a none-too-regretful farewell
to our artistic friends, Zandaye and I were
placed upon another movable platform, and went
whirling away for scores of miles through a dark-
ness illuminated only by Zandaye’s head-lamp.

  “I do hope we’re not sent before the Head!
Neuter! By my lamp! I do hope we’re not
sent before the Head Neuter!” she kept repeat-
ing, as we dashed and clattered along our course.
“How would I ever live down the disgrace?”
And I, trying my best to console her, allowed
my arm more than once to slip around her waist;
though always she would gently disengage her-
self, and would remonstrate, “No, no, my friend,
you must not! Were I not to become a Neuter—
then it would be different. But now, of all
times; now, I am under suspicion, and perhaps
will soon be under trial, I must behave worthily.
Embraces are not permitted to Pre-Neuters.”
Even as she spoke, her head-lamp glowed to a
beautiful blue that belied her words; and I still
saw reason to believe that, with a favorable turn
of fortune, my suit would not be hopeless.

  But then suddenly I recalled my own predica-
ment ; recalled that I was being summoned before
I knew not what judges to answer for my flight
—and that I might undergo a brain operation
from which there could be no recovery. At the
same time, I thought of Stark, who, for all I
knew, might have succumbed already to his tor-
mentors; and, thinking of him and wondering in
what condition if at all I should see him again,
I was able for the time to forget Zandaye and
my desire for her.

  Now once more I was filled with an over-
whelming impatience to reach the end of my
journey, to see my old friend, to know that all
did not go so badly with him as I had imagined
.... And so the minutes seemed never-end-
ing, the hours age-long before the termination
of our rattling ride in the dark.

  But at last we did jerk to the long-awaited
stop. A door was flung open, and a torrent of
light flashed upon us; we heard a tumult of voic-
es, and saw a wavering of head-lamps; then sev-
eral long-armed individuals stepped forward,
and, ranging themselves as captors about us, led
Zandaye and me down miles and miles of dark,
sloping corridors.

  I half believed we were now on our way to the
Head Neuter; and so did Zandaye, to judge from

the yellow glow of her head-lamp. The end of
our journey, accordingly, was to be a welcome
surprise. Passing a doorway guarded by one of
the monstrous domestic animals, with the six long
legs, the huge greenish mouth and the crocodile-
like teeth, Zandaye and I both gave a exclama-
tion of sudden joy. With a delightful cry, a well
known figure rushed forward to greet us!

  It was Stark—Stark, alive and well! The first
glimpse showed me that he was unusually thin
and pale; but at least it was he!—at least he had
survived! “Dan—Dan!—you back again? And
Zandaye, too!” he cried, in a faltering voice, ap-
parently even more surprised than I—and his
hand shot out and seized mine in such a clasp
as I had rarely felt before.

  “But, Dan,” he exclaimed, as 300n as he was
able to speak halfway coherently, “Dan—I—I
did not expect to see you. I—I thought you
were being sentenced to the Ninth Rite—”

  “The Ninth Rite of Coercion?” I finished for
him. “What do you mean to say—”

  “You mean to say you weren’t sentenced to it
at all?” he interrupted, in a flustered way.
“Why, they told me—”

  “They told me you were undergoing it your-
self!” I broke in.

  “Then they told us both the same story!” he
shrilled, and joined me in sudden loud laughter.

  By this time our captors were passing from the
room, leading the mournful-eyed Zandaye away
with them. Stark had barely had time to press
her hand, and I had barely had a chance to mo-
tion her a hasty farewell before she had glided
out of sight.

  Sobered by her disappearance—for who could
say when I should see her again—I listened in a
solemn mood as Stark went on, “Why, I certain-
ly am astonished. They have been telling me
that you were captured and were being submit-
ted to the Ninth Rite, which would not be re-
laxed until I told where we had come from.

  “Picture then my predicament, for at first I
actually kept repeating the truth: that we had
come from a far-off planet—which aroused the
lamp-heads first to amusement, and then to
anger. It was impossible to make them take my
statements seriously; they insisted that we must
have come up from the unexplored bowels of
their own world; and I was racking my brains to
think of some plausible falsehood to save you.”
“And at the same time,” I cried, “I was giving
myself up to save you!” Whereupon I mention-
ed the printed report that he was being tortured.

UPON hearing this announcement, Stark look-
ed puzzled for a moment; but it was not
long before an explanation flashed over him.
"Can’t you see, that was just a ruse?” he pointed
out. “They thought you might read the news-
paper article, and if so, you would be deceived,
and give yourself up.”

  I could only nod dismally in reply.

  “Now tell me, Andrew, what has been hap-
pening to you all this time?” I demanded, after
a moment. “Let me hear the whole story!”
“Why, there isn’t so much of a story,” he de-
clared, reflectively. “You know as well as I
what happened in that dark tunnel when we
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	349

were trying to escape with Zandaye. In our mad
rush, I stumbled over some invisible object, and
the few seconds I lost in that way made me lag
far behind. I do not know whether you saw me
fall, for you and Zandaye dashed on and on—”
“No, this is the first I knew of it.”

  “Well, at any rate, the fact is that I thought I
saw you creeping through a small hole in the tun-
nel wall ahead of me; but before I had reached
the opening you were out of sight and our pur-
suers were all around me. In that terrible sec-
ond, luckily, I did not lose my head; when they
seized me and demanded where you had gone, it
came to me to point straight ahead, so putting
them on the wrong track.

  “Their top-lamps were flaring and gleaming
in a way to show intense excitement; and evi-
dently they were too much agitated to detect the
false note in my voice, for they accepted my
word without hesitation, and darted with me
straight ahead through the long gallery. Of
course, they did not find you, and their lamps
became red-hot with rage, and they made all
sorts of threats when they began to suspect that
I had duped them. But I pleaded that I could
not know what side-path you had taken—and
this was true, was it not? At all events, they
started back with oaths and growls, and, I be-
lieve, would still have found you—if at about
this time they hadn’t heard some exciting news.
The whole planet’s ventilation system was out
of order! Then you should have seen the stir
and commotion!

  “My captors seemed to lose their heads com-(
pletely; they acted like men aboard a sinking
ship; they shrieked and yelled that they were
all going to be suffocated, and for a while seem-
ed to forget about me altogether. This offered
an opportunity, and I was planning how to es-
cape again, and was already slipping away—
when, as bad luck would have it, the ventilation
started again, and I was caught sneaking off
into a little side-gallery.”

IN a cautious whisper, I informed Stark of the
part I had played in interfering with the ven-
tilation; and this pleased him so much that he
enjoyed another long spasm of laughter.

  “Well now, having been captured,” I went on
to inquire, “what have you been doing all these
days since we parted? Evidently you haven’t
been having a very bad time of it?”

  “No, not a very bad time,” he admitted, point-
ing with a shrug about the spacious, well illum-
inated room. “I’ve been right here pretty near-
ly all the time—and can’t complain about my
treatment. The lamp-heads have lent me all
the books I wanted, and would come in now and
then to talk—but of course there wasn’t any hope
of escape. You saw that enormous six-legged
black brute at the entrance?”

  I acknowledged having seen the creature.
“Well, he seems to be a sort of watch-dog.
At any rate, he’s posted there at the door all the
time—and never takes it into his great stupid
head to desert his post. Once, when I had al-
most choked down my fears and tried to pass
him, he made such a dash at me with those cro-
codile teeth that I broke all speed records get-

ting back into the room. Since then, I’ve never
tried to get away.”

  After I had heard Stark’s story, he wished to
learn of my own adventures; and so I consumed
the better part of an hour in telling of my exper-
iences in the Ventilation Factory, the Afflicted
Regions, and the artistic district. To all that I
had to say, Stark listened with intense interest,
but from time to time a wistful smile crossed his
face, and it was clear that he envied me my long
companionship with Zandaye, as well as my ac-
quaintance with strange and far-off parts of the
planet.

  He was particularly impressed when I des-
cribed the lower levels, with their golden corri-
dors; and I can still picture how his large blue
eyes almost popped out of his head, and how en-
thusiastically he stroked his forehead with its ar-
tificial lamp, at the sight of the precious stones
and the lumps of gold which I had secreted in my
garments and displayed to him with sly and fur-
tive gestures.

  “Now when we get back to earth,” he de-
clared, as he carefully examined the gems, turn-
ing them over and over in his hands as if to make
sure they were genuine, “we will have these as
tangible evidences of our accomplishments.
Aside from their value, they will be souvenirs—”
But suddenly he broke short, a if remembering
something. “However, will we ever get back
to earth?” he lamented, shaking his head sorrow-
fully; and a low moan came from between his
lips. “Will we ever, ever get back?”

  “Yes, will we ever get back?” I echoed. “Will
we ever get back?” And for a moment we were
both silent, absorbed in our own melancholy
thoughts.

  “I do not know why they are holding us here,”
Stark at length resumed, meditatively. “But,
certainly, it is not on account of our beauty. We
can thank our stars if we don’t face the very fate
we tried to run away from.”

  “Yes, and what’s more, our record in running
away won’t help us!*I mourned. “If only Zan-
daye too doesn’t suffer the consequences!”
Before Stark had had time to reply, we heard
a commotion of voices from without, and the
door was flung abruptly open.

  “You will come this way, please!” bellowed a
shimmering-robed individual, thrusting his head
through the door. “The Committee of Neuters
desires to see you!”

CHAPTER XXII
The Trial

WAN-EYED and trembling, Stark and I arose,
and exchanging dismal glances, hastened
through our prison door and out into the corri-
dor, where half a dozen attendants were waiting
to receive us.

  In their company, we made a journey of many
miles, partly on foot but mostly on traveling plat-
forms, and at length were conducted into an en-
ormous, high-ceilinged hall, in whose gleaming
recesses hundreds of Plutonians were squatted
or sprawled upon the floor. Upon our arrival,
they all sat up as if at attention, and uttered low
350	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

cries of pleasure; and many a seven-fingered
hand was pointed at us in beckoning interest.

   But taking no heed of them, we passed on down
the aisle to a wide elevated platform at one end,
where we were bidden to be seated. We noted
with surprise that the platform had only one
solitary occupant—none other than Zandaye,
whose head-lamp glared with a yellow of dread,
and whose eyes were moist as if with weeping.
We nodded to her, and she made mournful ac-
knowledgement of our greeting; but since our
captors took seats within hand’s grasp, there was
little that we could say.

  Fortunately, we had only a few minutes to
wait. Then a sudden commotion became mani-
fest amid the audience. As if at some common
signal, all of the waiting hundreds leapt to their
feet; they flung their long arms enthusiastically
ceiling-ward, and waved and gesticulated like
. madmen; their voices were lifted in an excited
shouting, then became blended in the tones of a
tumultuous song, of which all that I could catch
was a line beginning:

  “The Neuters come, they come!”

   As these words dinned in my ears, I noticed
a group of ten unclad dignitaries gliding through
a doorway opposite with brilliantly sparkling
head-lamps. Slowly and sedately they ap-
proached, while the chanting and the wild gesti-
culations continued; straight toward us they
walked, and, mounting the platform, ranged
themselves on the floor only a few yards from
our attendants and ourselves.

   Now by degrees the uproar subsided, until at
last the whole hall had lapsed into silence,—a
silence that, contrasting with the pandemonium
of the moment before, bore down upon us like
something heavy, threatening, portentous. Nor
was the evil spell relieved when the hush was
broken by the most august-looking of the new
arrivals.

  Designating Stark and myself with a seven-
fingered hand, he demanded, in husky tones of
terrible volume, “Let the business of the day be-
gin! Bring the prisoners before us; let us hear
the charges, that we may pass sentence, releasing
the innocent and condemning the guilty!”

   So still, so silent had the audience become that,
for a moment, had I closed my eyes, I could have
believed myself alone in empty space.

   Then, ending the tenseness of the mood, there
came the voice of one of our attendants, who
spoke with head based as if in prayer:

   “0 Lord Neuters, never for many sequons have
we had any more important cases to be decided
than today! Never, indeed, since that historic
trial, which no man now living is old enough to
recall, when a newly made Neuter broke the
vows of his Order and sought, by surreptitious
means, to find a chemical formula to restore him
to malehood and the woman he loved.

   “Following the judgment in that classical case,
when the penalty was such that no one has ever
dared repeat the offense, it has not been given
to any Committee to decide any matter so vital
for the welfare of the ruling sex as that which
is placed before you today. Shall I proceed, 0
eminent Lords?”

  “Proceed!” ordered the august-looking one,
with a roar.

  The heads of all the audiences were craning
forward eagerly; hundreds of lamps scintillated
with white sparks and flashes. But Zandaye’s
luminary was of a fluttering yellow, and my own
luminary—had I possessed one—would probably
have been more brightly yellow still.

  “We have today three persons to be tried,”
continued the attendant, in oratorical tones,
while poor Zandaye averted her eyes and hid her
face for shame. “Two of them are not natives
of our land, and I will not presume to say of
what land they are natives, although they are
sometimes known as the Half-Men, and some-
times as the Missing Links. The other is one of
our own citizens, and one who has already risen
to the honorable position of Pre-Neuter. Her
name, in fact—’’here the speaker paused long
enough to glance at a bit of paper in his hand—
“is Zandaye Zandippar, Pre-Neuter No. PX 285
AZ. She is charged with being a collaborator in
the crimes of the two other defendants. Shall
we consider her case first?”

  “By all means!” snapped the judge. “As one
of our own citizens, she has the right to be sen-
tenced first! Now, Pre-Neuter PX 285 AZ, will
you take your place before us?”

SLOWLY and falteringly, with head-lamp still
a pitiable yellow, Zandaye arose and faced
the ten dignitaries.

  “What are the specific charges?” bawled the
leading Neuter.

  Another silence followed, while the head-
lights of the audience sparkled more brilliantly
than ever. Then slowly and portentously the
attendant opened a long roll of paper, and be-
gan to read:

  “Zandaye Zandippar, Pre-Neuter PX 285 AZ,
of the class of the Sequon 996,433 D.F., is ac-
cused of facilitating and abetting the revolt of
two prisoners known as the Lampless Ones, alias
the Ten-Fingered Barbarians, alias the Big
Mouths. She is charged with having neglected
her Pre-Neuter studies for a period of eight or
ten days, absenting herself even from the Bi-Seq-
uonal examination on Neuter Ideals and Accom-
plishments. She is also alleged to have pene-
trated into the Afflicted Regions, where no Pre-
Neuter is allowed without a special visitor’s
blank; while it is claimed that subsequently she
loitered without a permit in the Studio Section,
where she was found in the company of the
Lampless Ones, alias the Weedy-Headed. Aside
from that—”

  “That will do!” interrupted the judge, severe-
ly. “It is needless to hear any further charges.
What I have already heard is sufficient, if prov-
ed, to justify the maximum penalty. Well, PX
285, what have you to say?”

  Poor Zandaye, it appeared, had very little to
say. Her head-lamp flickered and almost went
out, then burst into an irregular series of yellow
sparks; while her voice, faltering and unsteady,
could barely utter, “I—I—my Lord Neuter—I
know the charges are all true. But—but there
are extenuating circumstances.”

  “What’s that?” bellowed the Lord Neuter.
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	351

“Extenuating circumstances for violating your
Pre-Neuterhood?”

  The audience leaned forward more breath-
lessly, more tensely than ever; while in the green-
ish eyes of the ten Neuters there was a hard, ac-
cusing light.

  “I-1—I wanted to help the other two pri-
soners,” stammered Zandaye. “They—they
were strangers in our land—and I wanted to help
them. I—I did not think it would harm any one
—and they were so helpless, and so much in need
of me!”

  “Is that all?” thundered the spokesman of the
Neuters. “Was there no other reason?”

  “No, no other reason,” denied Zandaye.

  But as she spoke, unfortunately, a tinge of blue
came into her head-lamp, to vanish almost in-
stantly. It was only a flash, and many an eye
would not have observed it at all; yet none of
the Neuters seemed to miss it or its possible
meaning.

  “PX 285, you need say no more!” howled the
magistrate, while his fellow Neuters cast shocked
glances at one another. “You have betrayed-
yourself! You have revealed a tender senti-
ment forbidden to all Pre-Neuterites! And so
there can be but one possible decision! What
do you say, colleagues?”

  All the assembled Neuters solemnly nodded,
and their leader went on to decide, “I grieve to
pass judgment, for it troubles me, my child,
worse than it does you—particularly in view of
your extreme youth, for you cannot be more
than sixty or seventy sequons old. But the law
is the law, and must be respected; though only
twice before, in all my five hundred sequons of
service, have I been obliged to perform a similar
duty. Therefore listen carefully, PX 285! I
prescribe the Maximum Penalty. You must give
back your pledge of Pre-Neuterhood, and pass
the rest of your days as a female!”

  The blood-curdling scream that followed
these words was the most frightful I have ever
heard. Even the hard greenish eyes of the jud-
ges seemed moved to pity; even the spectators
were softened to tears as Zandaye uttered that
terrible cry, and then, her whole form suddenly
limp and lifeless, fell helplessly to the floor.

  But after a few minutes, during which the
spectators crowded forward and there was much
excited fluttering back and forth on the platform
ancPrestoratives were hastily applied by the Neu-
ters, the stricken girl managed to open her eyes
again, although in a wan, weak way, as though
the sight of the world had suddenly become un-
bearable to her.

  “She will be all right again in a little while,”
pronounced the chief of the Neuters, unconcern-
edly. “Let her be borne out and allowed to rest.
Now we may resume the hearing.”

  Gradually the spectators settled back to their
seats on the floor; gradually the Neuters glided
again into their places; gradually order was re-
stored while Zandaye, supported by two attend-
ants, was led tottering from the room.

  But neither Stark nor I, as the moment of our
own ordeal approached, cared very much about
the results. For now, because of us, Zandaye
had been condemned; and our own fate seemed

a minor matter while we still saw the torment
in her flooded blue eyes and heard her disconso-
late cries ringing and ringing in our ears.

CHAPTER XXIII

Crushing Evidence

FROM the long, portentous silence that follow-
ed Zandaye’s departure, and from the vivid
manner in which the head-lamps of the specta-
tors glittered as they turned to one another with
eager glances, we could see that the curtain was
only beginning to unroll on a long awaited scene.

  It was with an impressive slowness of manner
and with an impressive drawl that one of the at-
tendants arose, opened a long scribbled docu-
ment, and commenced to read :

  "Now we come to the case of the Lampless
Ones, alias the Brute-Faced, alias—”

  “Here, let us waste no more time!” thundered
one of the Neuters, interrupting with a scowl.
“The prisoners, I am told have no less than sixty-
one aliases! Let them be designated instead by
name or number!”

  From the audience there came a low approv-
ing murmur.

  “Illustrious Lords,” answered the attendant,
apologetically, “among the many lyings which
the prisoners lack are names. It is true that
they have been asked to be called by some bar-
baric combination of sounds, which offend the
ear and which of course we cannot heed. Their
numbers, however, have been recorded. If you
wait, I shall find them.”

  A long, tense minute passed, while the eyes of
the attendant searched and searched the papers
in his hand. “By my lamp! here we have it!”
he exclaimed at last. “Unclassified GH 1987
XZ, and Unclassified GH 1987 A-XZ.”

  “Very good!” nodded several Neuters, in chor-
us. “Now proceed!”

  The attendant accordingly read:

  “The prisoners are accused on thirteen counts,
of which the first is that they have come to the
Neuter Corridors without legal permission, and
have refused to explain their origin, other than
to tell some story regarding different worlds,
which would fail to deceive the intelligence of a
child. The second count is that, for some strange
reason, they have killed several of the small dom-
estic animals known as Rattos, scorched the
flesh and used it as food—”

  Gasps and murmurs of horror escaped from
the audience in such a chorus that the reader
had to pause.

  “What is that you say?” burst forth the husky
voice of a Neuter. “Is it necessary to read all
these revolting details? Can you not spare the
sensibilities of your hearers, and pass over all
examples of moral flagrancy and crimes against
nature?”

  The reader bowed his head, and acknow-
ledged, “It was written here on the paper, 0 dis-
tinguished Lords, but I should not have defiled
my lips by mentioning such abominations. If
you will not graciously accord me your pardon,
I will willingly suffer the just penalty under the
Anti-Ugliness Statute.”
352	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  “Proceed!” pronounced one of the Neuters,
magnanimously. “You are pardoned!”

  Meanwhile Stark and I, inwardly writhing, sat
staring at one another with hopeless glances.
If the lightest of our offenses had been received
so sternly, what would be said of our more ser-
ious breaches?

  “Count Three!” The voice of the reader rang
out with accusing severity; while the hundreds
of spectators leaned forward with the relish of
onlookers at a play. “Count Three! The pri-
soners, though well and courteously received,
though housed and fed like our own citizens, and
though about to be accorded medical attention
which would have removed their natural defi-
ciencies, are charged with having violated our
hospitality and with entering the Inter-Gallery
Depths by means of the Forbidden Tunnels,
where one of them was arrested by the Inter-Gal-
lery Rangers; while the other—Unclassified GH
1987 A-XZ—had not the good grace to yield to
his pursuers, but escaped to commit even more
gross violations. Shall I read the specific charg-
es, 0 majestic Lords?”

  “Read them!” bawled one of the Neuters.
“That is, if they be not unmentionable!”

  “They are nearly so,” testified the attendant.
“Yet I may have to continue, though my tongue
recoils before the very monstrosities I must utter.
Count Four! Unclassified GH 1987 A-XZ, hav-
ing broken into the Ventilation Factory, where
not even a Neuter is admitted except in cases of
world-wide emergency or under a special permit
from the Governing Council, repaid the good that
had been done him by evil, and, by cleverly dis-
arranging the ventilation machinery, cut off the
world’s supply of fresh breezes and precipitated
a crisis that might have cost millions of lives had
the ventilation not soon been restored.”

THE speaker halted, and an ominous silence
fell. It seemed to me suddenly as if I were
the target of a thousand hostile shafts; all eyes
appeared to be pointed in my direction, and all
eyes blazed with a green anger and malice.

  “Count Four,” proclaimed the spokesman of
the Neuters, in slow, significant accents, “is by
far the most serious of all. It is clear how de-
praved any individual must be before he would
attack the young and helpless, and deprive mil-
lions of invalids and infants of their fresh
draughts. I will not believe such a charge with-
out evidence. Unclassified GH 1987 A-XZ, is it
true that you deliberately planned to tie up the
Ventilation Factory?”

  Such was my bewildered state of mind that it
was a minute before I could reply; and mean-
while the silence and the stares of the Neuters
and the spectators bore down upon me like some
mad terror in a nightmare. In my sudden sharp
dismay, I could not believe that my presence in
the Ventilation Factory had actually been dis-
covered ; could not think that my accusers were
making more than a shrewd guess. At the same
time, I was shaken with anger to feel how my
intentions had been misconstrued.

  “No, Honored Lords, it is not true that I plan-
ned to tie up the Ventilation Factory!” I sur-
prised myself by exclaiming, as I shot to my feet.

“Nothing could have been further from my de-
sires! What would I, a stranger in your land,
know of your Ventilation Plant? There is no
evidence! I assure you, Honored Lords, there
can be no evidence!”

  “No evidence ? ” The cry was flung at me like
a challenge. “You say there is no evidence?
By my lamp! let us see! Noble Lords, let us
see!”

  Thereupon, springing abruptly to his feet, one
of the attendants approached me with arms
brandished as if in a threat; while between two
of his outstretched fingers there glistened a little
crystal object.

  “Look! Look here!” he screamed. “Let us
make the test, and discover whether there is no
evidence!”

  At first I had no conception of what he meant;
but during his ensuing speech an illumination
burst upon me.

  “Look! Look, august Lords!” he continued,
while the eyes of the Neuters glistened with ex-
citement, and agitated murmurs sounded from
all points of the hall. “Here is a piece of crystal
picked up in the Ventilation Factory just after
the recent tie-up. It was evident, as soon as it
was discovered, that it had been left by the in-
truder responsible for all the trouble; for no
crystal of this glittering type is used in the Fac-
tory.

  “Moreover, it was found, upon microscopic ex-
amination, that it was the sort of material in use
for artificial head-lamps, and for no other pur-
pose. And since artificial head-lamps are very
rare (not one person in a million being so in-
jured as to need them), it was easy for the Tabu-
lation Department of the government to trace all
the wearers of such accessories in this part of
the world. The search, I need hardly say, was
swiftly conducted—but we found no person from
whose head-lamp this fragment might have been
broken.

  “Naturally, we were baffled, until, upon cap-
turing the second of our two prisoners, GH 1987
A-XZ, we discovered that he not only had an
artificial head-lamp, but one that had had a
piece chipped off in an accident. All that now
remains to be determined is whether the particle
in our possession matches the fracture in his
head-lamp.”

  “Good! Good!” exclaimed several of the
Neuters, in chorus. “Very good! Excellent!”
And their long hands fondled their chins in evi-
dent relish; while from the audience came mut-
terings of anticipation and delight.

  As for me, I prayed for nothing more fervent-
ly than to be able to sink through the floor. All
too vividly I recalled the accident in the Ventila-
tion Factory, which had deprived me of a por-
tion of my head-lamp!

  And as this remembrance flashed through my
mind, the attendant with the bit of crystal ap-
proached to within hand’s grasp. “Now for the
test!” he announced. “Now for the final evi-
dence!”

  Then, while I shivered and shrank from before
him, and felt the hundreds of glittering pairs of
eyes focused upon me like daggers, his hands
reached down and I heard a clicking sound as
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS

the piece of crystal was adjusted to my head-
lamp.

  “Did I not tell you?” he exclaimed, triumph-
antly. And thereupon all the Neuters, forget-
ting their dignity, crowded forward to examine.
“As you value your lamps! you will observe for
yourselves! It fits like a key into a lock!”

  “Yes, like a key into a lock!” echoed several
surprised voices. “Like a man into his own
skin!”

363

a red flame, although there was something a
little menacing in its alternate tinges of green
and purple.

  “Prisoner Unclassified GH 1987 A-XZ,” he
proclaimed, “has been proved guilty of an of-
fense as rare as it is grave, and one that, in the
case of one of our own citizens, would justify a
penalty of two hundred and fifty sequons of
menial labor in the Frigid Corridors. As a just
court, however, we cannot sentence him as we
would one of our own citizens. We must take
into account mitigating circumstances, such as
his lack of education and opportunities, the in-
ferior brain with which nature has endowed him,
and his natural inability to distinguish between
right and wrong.

“Above all, we must consider his lack of a
head-lamp, without which he is unable to find
his way in dark places. It is conceivable that

  He waved his hands before the bowl
as if to hypnotize it and blew upon it
solemnly.

(lUustration by Paul)

WHILE the Neuters were returning to their
seats and the. excitement of the audience
was gradually subsiding, it seemed to me that
my last moment was at hand.

  It was in a grave, slow voice that the leading
Neuter at length broke into speech; but I was re-
lieved to observe that his head-lamp did not show
354	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

his crime was committed not because of the vic-
iousness of his nature, but because of an inborn
mental and spiritual blindness. Now, as every
one knows, the first maxim of jurisprudence is
that we should never try to punish that which
can be cured by medicine; hence the present case
should perhaps be left to the physicians. So, at
least, one of our colleagues contends, and I think
we should hear his voice.”

  The speaker ended, and with a courteous ges-
ture designated a particularly tall and slender
Neuter seated just to his right.

  "Yes, that is true!” confirmed this individual,
in a voice that reminded me of a radio receiver
being given too much volume. And, while an
icy wave seemed to sweep across the room and
envelop me, he continued:

  “As a Neuter who has devoted six hundred
sequons to the study of surgery, I have naturally
developed my own theories; and the chief of
these, with which most of my confreres will
agree, is that all maladies, whether of the body
or of the mind, can be cut out by means of the
knife. Now let us consider the two prisoners.
They both display an unhealthy not to say a bad-
ly diseased spiritual state, since both of them
have shown a habit of killing and eating animals;
while both have tried to escape our hospitality,
and one has been guilty of impeding ventilation
.... But how can we remedy all this? Sup-
pose that we condemn them to the Intolerable
Corridors for a few hundred sequons—is it like-
ly that they will be reformed? No! to the con-
trary; their brains will remain at their present
low level; they will not have risen above their
present evil ways of thought.

  “Let us therefore got to the roots of the mat-
ter, and try to remake the brains themselves. I
will admit that at first sight the case will seem
hopeless, but, as the records of medical science
prove, imbecility is not immune to treatment. If
we are able to stimulate the Superlampular
Gland, which controls the head-lamps, we may
yet be able to make their organs grow in a nor-
mal manner, so giving them the correct vision
which they so badly need.

  “The operation, I am glad to say, is a com-
paratively simple one. We need remove not
more than about ten square inches from the low-
er left-hand corner of the skull, following which
we will cut our way through perhaps two or
three inches of the cerebral matter—”

  This was as much of the speech as I was able
to hear. Stark had given a low gasp and fallen
half lifeless at my side; and I occupied the next
two or three minutes in the effort to revive him.

  But I myself was nearly in a swooning state by
the time I had succeeded and could turn my at-
tention again to proceedings in the hall.

  The first thing I now observed was that the
Neuters were all nodding approval of the recom-
mendations of the surgeon, who had just taken
his seat. “Well, prisoners, before we pass judg-
ment, have you anything to say?” demanded the
High Chief Persecutor. “If you know of any-
thing that is more for your good that the sentence
we are about to impose, now is your time to
speak!”

DESPITE the faintness that had overwhelmed
me the minute before, I managed to strug-
gle to my feet.

  “0 renowned Lords,” I found myself able to
plead, “I do not doubt that your eminent sur-
geons are skilled in their profession, but in the
land where I come from it is not considered wise
—no, it is not even considered safe—to make in-
cisions in the brain—”

  “Not wise? Not safe?” interrupted the phy-
sician. And he laughed a sly, mocking laugh;
while his head-lamp glowed faintly red. “A
lamentable superstition, dear friends! A relic
of the Black Ages! But perhaps the prisoners
themselves are still in the Black Ages! Why,
we offer both of them, free of charge, an opera-
tion that most citizens would have to pay for with
half a sequon’s labor! And yet they object!
Was such ingratitude ever heard of before?”

  At this he-laughed another sly, derisive laugh;
and then, slapping his knees with his tendril-like
fingers, lapsed into silence.

  But I, fighting down my indignation, proceed-
ed with my appeal: “If you say that you are act-
ing for our own good, 0 worthy Lords, why not
let my friend and me go back to our own world?
That would free you of our presence, and at the
same time nothing could be more for our own
good. If you wish, I will even take you up above
your highest corridors, and show you the car we
came down in—”

  The head-lamp of our Oppressor-in-Chief gave
a crimson flare. “So you still persist in your
story that you come from another world?” he
demanded. “How often is it necessary to tell
you that science has proved there is no other
world?”

  Perceiving that nothing was to be gained from
this line of appeal, I decided to take a different
track.

  “Then even if we stay in your own land,” I en-
treated, “why cannot we remain as we are now?
We would try our best to learn your laws, and
to respect and obey—”

  “But, by the fullness of your heads, what occu-
pation would you pursue?” thundered the Neu-
ter. “How do you think that men without lamps
would prosper? Is there any occupation that
they could follow in all the million and one cor-
ridors of the universe? Could they be engaged
in the mines, where head-lamps are necessary to
show the way? or in the factories, which are
often without light of their own? or in the offices
of government, which are usually in darkness?
No, there is nothing at all that they could do!
They would remain unemployed! And you
know what happens to unemployed men?”

  “No, great Lords, I do not know.”

  “Then let me inform you! There is an ancient
statute, dating from remotest times—back from
the Sequon 1931—which disposes of the unem-
ployed in a simple and logical fashion. For-
tunately, there have been no unemployed for
ages; but the statute still exists. Since jobless
persons are afflictions to themselves and burdens
to society, our ancestors decided that, for human-
itarian reasons, it would be well to order them
all to report to the authorities, who would have
them painlessly and inexpensively asphyxiated.
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	355

Thus the problem was settled in a way to please
economists as well as the more tender-hearted
citizens. It is perfectly possible for you, there-
fore, if you should prefer that fate—”

  But, interrupting with an angry gesture, I hast-
ily disclaimed any such preferences.

  “Well, at least I am glad you can see the way
of reason,” approved the judge. “The surgical
method is of course the best. You will thank us
—yes, you will thank us some day when you are
both useful citizens, with newly sprouting head-
lamps.”

  “Newly sprouting head-lamps?” I exclaimed.
And, with a vehemence I had not expected of
myself, I stepped in a paroxysm of anger tow-
ard our judges, and waved a threatening fist.
“Newly sprouting head-lamps? Stop! by the
holy powers above! I warn you—I warn you
not to perform the operation! I will take ven-
geance—on my honor as an earth-man, I will
take vengeance if you insist on this crime! Go
ahead—go ahead, if you like!—but misfortune
will come your way!”

  I do not know, nor did I know at the time, what
impulse other than madness made me utter these
words; nor did I anticipate, as I sank quivering
into my seat, the subtle advantage the threat was
to give me in days to come. For a babbling
laughter sounded from the audience, and hun-
dreds of head-lamps were lighted with an amused
lavender; while the Neuters, regardless of my
outburst, lost no time in deciding that, within fif-
teen days, Stark and I should undergo the brain
operations.

CHAPTER XXIV

The Coming of the Scourge

UPON the conclusion of the trial, Stark and I
were returned to our prison, where we were
guarded as before by the six-legged monster with
the crocodile teeth. There being no possibility
of escape, we could do little except to mope in
our room with oaths and curses and in miserable
meditation, trying to console one another, but
faced all the while with the certainty of speedy
execution.

  Meantime, as if to keep us from forgetting
our impending fate, we received frequent visits
from the surgeon who was to perform the opera-
tion, as well as from his assistants, all of whom
were Neuters with exceptionally long fingers and
with exceptionally cold green lights in their eyes.
Almost like oxen being fattened for the slaugh-
ter, we received regular attention, and had our
health tested by every device of Plutonian medi-
cine, in order that we might be in condition for
the ordeal.

  If any consolation came to us during those
wretched hour, it was in the trouble we gave
our captors: our heartbeat impressed them as ab-
normally fast, and they debated using injections
to retard it (since twenty a minute was consid-
ered normal on their planet); our skin-tempera-
ture struck them as unbelievably high, and they
had to consult their instruments time after time
before being convinced—they thought we were
suffering from a raging fever, for the normal

temperature of a Plutonian, as registered by our
thermometers, would be about eighty-eight de-
grees Fahrenheit. And so Stark and I had to
argue for hours to convince the physicians that
we did not require compresses of ice about our
heads and chests.

  But this was not the worst of their difficul-
ties. They would occupy themselves endlessly
in making charts and maps of our heads; they
would measure each curve and protuberance;
they would take photographs with some mach-
ine resembling our X-ray but capable of repre-
senting the very convolutions of the brain. The
numerous pictures produced by these instruments
were searched eagerly for traces of our Super-
lampular Glands, which, of course, could not be
located.

  But did that deter the physicians from the con-
templated operation? Far from it! “See how
badly you need medical attention!” the Head
Surgeon exclaimed, after his eleventh failure to
detect any sign of our Superlampular Glands.
“Your organs have actually become invisible
through disuse! Fortunate for you that we will
stimulate them before they disappear entirely!”

  Stark and I were now under a supervision like
that of children controlled by arrogant adults.
One day, for example, in the course of inspecting
our clothes while we disrobed for the examina-
tions, the surgeon chanced to catch sight of the
gold and precious stones I had secured in the
Afflicted Regions.

  “What are you doing with this trash?” he ex-
claimed, highly annoyed; and forthwith he flung
all my treasures into a receptacle marked
“Waste,” from which, alas! I was never able to
recover them. On another occasion, when Stark
and I had determined on a hunger strike, he frus-
trated our efforts by having us bound and by sup-
plying us with nourishment through hypodermic
injections; and, after this bit of unpleasantness,
we decided that it was unwise to attempt to cross
him. But most of all he angered us by his re-
fusal to let us see Zandaye, whom we had not
beheld since the time of her condemnation, and
who was the only person on this planet whose
presence could have brought us some consola-
tion.

  Indeed, we did not even receive any word of
Zandaye, other than the most definite assurances.
“Have no fear; she is all right,” we were told.
“She is being taken care of .... It is part bf
her punishment not to be allowed to confer again
with her partners in crime.”

  And so we were to pass out into the void, it
seemed, without so much as another glimpse of
her who, for us both, held all the gentleness and
light that this world contained.

  And yet fate, whose method is to burrow und-
erground like the mole, was already scheming to
make our remaining days on Pluto quite differ-
ent and somewhat more bright than we had anti-
cipated.

  Slowly, slowly, yet with a speed that seemed
ominously great, our hours of grace were slip-
ping away. Already half of the allotted time,
more than half of the allotted time had passed;
less than a week, by earthly reckoning, was left
to us—when fortune began to play antics that we
356	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

had little expected, and a gleam of hope issued
from an unlooked-for direction.

ONE day, when the Head Surgeon came as us-
ual to examine us, I noticed that from time to
time his fingers would feel uneasily at his neck
and throat, which seemed slightly swollen. But
neither Stark nor I were particularly interested
until, on the following day, we observed that
three of the assistants likewise had slight swell-
ing in the same region; while the Head Surgeon
had suddenly become fantastic and grotesque of
appearance. His neck, formerly of swan-like
thinness, had expanded to four times its former
size! His lower jaw, which had grown like a
lump of dough, was a mere caricature of its ori-
ginal self! It was easy enough, of course, for us
to see what was the matter; he had a bad case of
the mumps!

  Stark and I, naturally, smiled a little at the
plight of our arch-enemy; and I will not say that
we did not feel a malicious glee. But not until
we had heard the Surgeon and his assistants dis-
cussing the malady did we realize how ironic
a blow fate had dealt.

  “I cannot imagine what it may be,” he said,
while tenderly feeling the swollen parts. “By
my lamp! but it is painful! I have consulted the
books; nothing like it has ever been recorded be-
fore.”

  “No, nothing like it has ever been recorded,”
acknowledged one of the others, with a puzzled
scowl. “It is doubtless an abscess due to a den-
tal infection. I should advise you to have some
teeth pulled immediately.”

  "No, not by all my fingers!” opined a third,
reflectively. “For my part, I should say it was
due to some gastronomical condition. My own
recommendation is that you be careful about
your food for the next eight or ten days. Eat
little or nothing, and preferably go on a liquid
diet.”

  “By no means, by no means!” disagreed a
third, sharply. “A sufficiency of food, accord-
ing to all authorities, is the first necessity in such
a case! It is clearly a nervous condition, brought
on by overwork and fatigue, which have induced
an irritation of the membro-spinal nerve. My
suggestion is freedom from worry, and rest, ac-
companied, if possible, by a change of scenery.”
Overhearing this conversation, Stark and I
could not help laughing a little to ourselves. Nor
could we refrain from laughing openly when by
degrees we came to realize the situation. “Why,
it seems they’ve never had any mumps before on
Pluto!” my companion whispered to me, after
the first second of bewilderment; and from this
it was not difficult to come to the conclusion,
“Heavens! they must have caught it from us!
We must have brought the germ here with us, in
our bodies or on our clothing!”

  “Lucky we’re immune to the disease our-
selves! Remember, we both had it when we
were ten-year-olds!” I exclaimed. “They must
have taken it because of their close contact with
us during the medical examinations!”

  As this thought came to us, we had our first
really happy moment since our trial; for destiny,

it seemed to us, was avenging us handsomely for
the wrongs we had suffered.

   Yet the vengeance was only at its beginning.
 On the following day, the Head Surgeon did not
 present himself at all; but three of his assistants,
 who did appear, all had faces like balloons while
 three others displayed small swellings that seem-
 ed to us to hold excellent promise. The exam-
 ination that morning was a very brief one; and
 from the way our visitors rubbed and rubbed
 their faces and occasionally sighed and groaned,
 it was apparent that none of them were in too
 comfortable a state ....

   After another day, all of our attendants alike
 exhibited faces swollen to fantastic lumps. The
 chin of one was muffled in heavy bandages; a
 second was covered with long strips and bands of
 a substance like court plaster; a third had ap-
 plied some oily unguent to the afflicted parts;
 a fourth had tried ice, and a fifth had attempted
 treatment by red-hot cloths; while all alike com-
 plained of their plight incessantly, asking each
 other what the disease might be and whether it
 were likely to prove fatal. Most of them, after
 a long consultation, seemed in favor of removing
 the trouble by operating; but their plans, ap-
 parently, came to nothing, for while all were
 willing to undertake incisions upon their fellows,
 none would consent to be the subject of the ex-
 periment.

   It amused Stark and me to observe that, while
 they did not hesitate to hold their debates in our
 presence, they paid no heed at all to us, and •
 much less thought of consulting us—although we
 might have told them more than a little about
 the mysterious malady.

The Game Begins

 IT is fortunate that we did not enlighten them,
 for we would then have lost a powerful weap-
 on. But that is to anticipate; Stark and I still
 did not realize that destiny had done more than
 to take an irrelevant revenge upon our foes. As
 yet were not able to perceive any loophole of
 escape; we still expected that the knives of the
 operators would take their toll; for time still
 continued to slip past, and the fateful operation
 was scheduled to occur within sixty hours. And
 how little we anticipated the changes that those
 sixty hours were to bring!

   Being shut off from the world in our single
 guarded room, we of course knew nothing of the
 events agitating the rest of the planet. But af-
 ter another day or two—when only twenty hours
 remained of our allotted span of life—sudden
 realization was to burst upon us. One of our at-
 tendants, perhaps rendered careless by a bad
 case of the mumps, chanced to leave a copy of the
 Daily Neuter in our prison; and Stark and I, as
 might have been expected, seized the paper and
 scanned the contents with as must interest as was
 possible for men who have only one day more
 to live.

. What was our surprise when we found the
whole front page devoted to one subject!—a sub-
ject that peculiarly concerned us! “MYSTER-
IOUS PLAGUE SWEEPS THE WORLD” we read
in headlines. “Scientists Still Unable to Check
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	357'

Ravages. - And, following this announcement,
we saw an article in large type:

  “The mysterious plague which has been sweep-
ing the world for several days still rages unabat-
ed. It seems to be spreading in wide circles from
a central focus, and each hour thousands of new
sufferers are being listed by the Supervisor of
Public Health. Thq, symptoms, which are un-
paralleled in medical records, are featured by a
violent and painful swelling in the region of the
neck and chin, which in some instances grow to
several times their normal size.

  “Worst of all, in severe cases, the head-lamps
have frequently been affected, and have been
unable to shed beams of normal brilliancy. It
is not known how many of the sufferers will re-
cover, but already more than three hundred
deaths have occurred, of which over half have
been among Neuters. Millions not yet stricken
by the disease are fleeing in a panic from the
affected regions, bringing business to a standstill
and threatening a tie-up of scientific activity, of
transportation, and of the Synthetic Food Factor-
ies. But, at the date of this writing, no method
has been discovered for checking the epidemic.

   "The most singular feature of the pestilence is
that it has occurred simultaneously among so
many people, almost as though one had conveyed
it to another—a method of transmission which,
according to physicians, is impossible. In their
efforts to explain the incredible, some persons
say that the victims unconsciously set up vicious
waves in the air, which impinge upon the bodies
of their neighbors and affect them with the mal-
ady.

   “Still others claim that the sufferers throw off
base humors, which, settling on the skins of their
friends, cause the disease to sprout from fungus-
like spores. Others, again, being of a devout
turn of mind, contend that our people have gone
so far in the way of iniquity that the Creator is
issuing a judgment upon them ....

  “But a still more striking theory is rapidly
gaining credence in some quarters. It is pointed
out that the plague made its original appearance
in the vicinity of the two man-like creatures,
known as the Lampless Ones, who came no one
can say where from, and whose ways are mon-
strous and inexplicable. It is pointed out, also,
that one of these creatures, upon being promised
an operation which would cause his lamp to grow,
was so far from appreciating the proferred bene-
faction that he fell into a tit of anger, and made
fiery promises of vengeance.

  “Of course, no one at first took such ravings
seriously; but observers are now asking whether
it was by a mere coincidence that the Head Sur-
geon, who was to have performed the operation,
was the first to be stricken, while his assistants
followed in short order. Is it not possible, in-
vestigators are asking, that the Lampless Ones
deliberately infected the Head Surgeon with
some secret poison which the victim would com-
municate unknowingly to whomever he might
touch? In that case, would there be any way
of preventing the spread of the pestilence with-
out the aid of the Lampless Ones?”

IT is hardly necessary to state that this article
proved a revelation to Stark and myself.
Breathlessly, with staring eyes, we re-read the ac-
count, wondering whether we could have miscon-
strued the meaning; then, while not yet realizing
fully the possibilities before us, we turned to one
another as exultantly as dying men who see an
unexpected hope.

  “So!” exclaimed Stark. “It’s not only that
the mumps were never known in this world be-
fore! It’s that no contagious disease was ever
known!”

  “Apparently not!” I concurred. “Evidently
bacteria have never been discovered here!”
“Well, surely, it’s not up to us to educate the
people,” he continued, brushing back the newly
sprouting mat of hair that was overrunning his
glass head-lamp. “Our best course will be to
pretend we did it all deliberately.”

  “Let them think I carried out that threat of
mine!” I took up the argument. “Let them be-
lieve we have some secret power! Let them
imagine we can end the plague as easily as we
started it! In that case, how can they risk kill-
ing us in an operation?”

  “Yes, how can they? But the trouble is, the
operation is such a short distance away!” groan-
ed Stark. “We’ll have to work fast—terribly
fast!—if we’re still to be alive tomorrow at this
time!”

  For the next hour, the two of us might have
been observed in a sly, whispered conversation.
Sometimes we would be absorbed with a serious-
ness that would bring the wrinkles to our brows;
sometimes we might have been noticed to chuckle
furtively; occasionally we would sit beaming at
one another with radiant hopefulness. . . . And
the result of our conference was a plot which, at
the first opportunity, we began to put into oper-
ation.

  That opportunity arrived with the entry of two
attendants, equipped with machines for register-
ing our blood-pressure and heart-beat for the last
time before the operation. We observed that
their faces were already swollen with incipient
cases of the mumps; and we took advantage of
that fact in executing our scheme.

  “Put down your instruments,” I surprised them
by directing, in a calm but determined voice.
“You are not to take any measurements today.
We will not allow the operation to be performed.
If you so much as touch us—yes, so much as let
your hands rest on ours!—we will inject a venom
into your veins. As a result, you will die in
agony of the new disease, which is called—”
“Which is called the Bloated Neck,” finished
Stark for me, on an inspiration.

  The two attendants stared at us with head-
lamps of a sudden yellow. But neither of them
made a motion to approach us.

  “It is we that have brought the disease into
existence,” I proceeded. “It is we alone that
can end it. Think of it as our protest against
the operations which you propose to perform
on us against our will. If you still attempt to
perform those operations, then your world will
never, never be able to deliver itself from the
pestilence!”

  The two Plutonians stood peering at us with
358	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

small mouths agape; while each second their
head-lamps seemed to burn to a deeper yellow.

  “But, Lampless Ones—honored Lampless
Ones,” faltered one of the attendants, with a res-
pect he had never displayed before, “it is not we
that are to blame. We are acting under orders
from higher authority. The Head Surgeon has
instructed us to—”

  “Then we must speak with the Head Sur-
geon!” I demanded. “Tell him to come here!
Tell him we must see him at once!”

  “Very well—very well, honored Lampless
Ones,” conceded the attendant. “But do you
not know how hard it is for any one to get speech
with the Head Surgeon?”

  Even as he uttered these words, he grasped the
arm of his fellow, with whom he began to retreat
from the room as rapidly as if ic had been in-
fested with serpents. As he vanished, I noticed
that his head-lamp gave a particularly vivid yel-
low sparkle.

  Stark and I had not long to wait for the next
act in the drama. It could not have been more
than twenty minutes before we heard hasty foot-
steps from without, and several Neuters entered,
among them the Head Surgeon.

An Agreement

HE was looking unusually pale and wan even
for a Plutonian, and the bulges on his chin
and neck showed that he was still far from hav-
ing recovered from the mumps.

  “What is this nonsense I hear?” he burst forth,
as he entered the room; and had his voice not
indicated anger, the red glow on his head would
have amply suggested it. “By. my lamp! I am
told you refuse to prepare for the operation!”
“You are told correctly," I said. “We propose
to remain without head-lights.”

  The Surgeon uttered something that may have
been a curse; but, not being sufficiently versed in
Plutonian profanity, I cannot say positively.

  “And why, pray, this presumption?” he de-
manded, in tones tinged with irony. “Do you
think you will make better citizens if you can-
not find your way in the dark?”

  “Do you think you will make a better citizen
if you go about with the Bloated Neck?” I re-
torted.

  Our adversary stared at us with eyes that were
little more than two penetrating points of green-
ish fire. “I do not understand what that has to
do with the proposed operations,” he declared,
crisply.

  As briefly as I could, I explained what I had
already explained to the attendant, as to the
cause of the Bloated Neck and its probable dur-
ation.

  He listened with angry flames of his head-
lamp, but without any evidence of surprise.
“Well, so that is what you say?” he challenged,
when I had finished. “But am I to believe it?”
What proof have you that you are really res-
ponsible for the disease?”

  “Did I not threaten to take vengeance if you
insisted on the operation?” I flung back, fierce-
ly-

“And have you observed,” added Stark, “that

either my friend or I have taken the Swollen
Neck? How does that happen, when every one
else around us has been stricken? Do you not
suppose we know ways to protect ourselves?”

  A long silence followed this question, and I
saw that we had scored. The Head Surgeon
turned to his fellows, and they nodded to him
significantly .... apparently more than half
convinced. “Yes, how does it happen that the
Lampless Ones have not taken the disease?” they
whispered. But he had no response to make.

  “You shall see that we never shall take the
disease,” I proceeded. “You shall also see that,
if you deal with us rightly, we can show you how
to treat the trouble, so that in time it will disap-
pear from your world. Otherwise, there will
be no relief.”

  Another long silence followed. The Head
Surgeon conferred in whispers with his compan-
ions, so that we could catch only occasional
words and phrases, such as “Public danger,”
“Wrong to take any chances," “Peril to our
lamps,” and one or two other expressions of
similar import.

  At last the surgeon turned to us abruptly, and
demanded, “Well, just what is it that you want
us to do?”

  “Call off the operations!” returned Stark and
I, in one voice.

  He screwed up his thin lips solemnly, and ten-
derly stroked the swollen parts of his neck.

  “That is impossible,” he announced. “It
would require the sanction of the Head Neuter
and the Governing Council, who control the
world’s affairs, and who have been informed of
the approaching operations and inscribed them
on the Books of State. To be sure, if you should
request it, we might make an appeal—”

  “How long would an appeal require?"

THE Surgeon hesitated. “Well, with luck,”
he finally ventured, “we might have our ans-
wer within three days.”

  Stark and I groaned. “But, by that time, the
operations would be over!”

  “To be sure,” nodded the Surgeon. “But, at
least, you would have the satisfaction of knowing
whether they were legally justified.”

  “What if the operations were to be post-
poned?” my companion demanded. “Would
that not be legal?”

  “No, by my lamp, strictly illegal!”

  “Strictly illegal!” repeated several decisive
voices. “Absolutely unheard of!”

  “Then long may the Bloated Neck remain
among you!” I flared.

  And this sentiment was echoed vigorously by
Stark.

  Another long silence ensued, followed by a
second whispered conference among the Neu-
ters, whose head-lamps displayed many a tell-
tale yellow spark.

  Then once more the Head Surgeon turned to
us, and, with a brighter expression on his face,
declared:

  “My assistants and I think we have found a
way. While it is illegal and rightly punishable,
as we have stated, to postpone an operation delib-
erately, it is not illegal or punishable in the least
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	359

to postpone it unintentionally. Now what if my
colleagues and I should decide to postpone it un-
intentionally? We could prove that we were
too severely stricken by the new disease to be
able to wield a knife. In that way we might de-
lay the operation for several days, and in the
meanwhile your appeal might be heard by the
Head Neuter and his Council. Would that sat-
isfy you?”

  “Perfectly,” acknowledged Stark and I, de-
lighted that our prospective term of life had been
lengthened for at least a day or two.

  “Then we shall try to act accordingly,” pro-
mised the Head Surgeon, gravely.

  But the next instant, when I stepped forward
to seize his "hand in token of appreciation, he
started back as if I intended to strike him. And
all his fellows shrank from contact with me as
though I had been a leper; while the spectacle
they made as they hastily retreated from the
room reminded me of a fireworks exhibition in
yellow.

CHAPTER XXV

The Hall of the Rose-Red Light

INSTEAD of being taken to the operating room
on the following morning, Stark and I received
orders to appear before the Head Neuter.

  In the company of several attendants, all of
whom displayed well developed cases of the
Bloated Neck, and all of whom kept us at as
great a distance as though we had belonged to
some “untouchable” caste, we were escorted
hundreds of miles on an expedition of several
hours. During the course of our journey, we
made some interesting observations, chiefly to
the effect that the epidemic had spread far more
thoroughly than we had guessed.

  Here and there we passed galleries crowded
with lamp-heads, of whom the great majority ex-
hibited bulging necks and chins, while many were
bandaged with heavy cloths, and not a few were
groaning and wailing in utmost distress. All
ages alike were affected: tottering old Neuters,
as well as children who reached but little above
my knees; and all alike seemed to regard us as
the source of their affliction, for they would
point to us with angry jeers and cries, and in
some cases, when their head-lamps were swollen
and burned but poorly, they would indicate those
organs with pitiful lamentations and deluge us
with curses impossible to repeat.

  Now and then we were even threatened with
physical violence, and were only saved by the
popular dread of physical contact with us. But
we were not so fortunate when a group of half-
grown urchins conceived the idea of attacking
us with stones. Despite the protests of our at-
tendants, who, we could see, were secretly in sym-
pathy with the assailants, we were the targets of
a savage bombardment, and had a lively time
dodging showers of rocks, some of them as big
as our fists.

  Only when we proved ourselves capable of
seizing the rocks in our turn and hurling them
back with damaging force did the asault show
any signs of relaxing; and, even so, we were

lucky to escape without serious injury. Only
one casualty was suffered on our side: a heavy
stone, the last one flung by our enemies, chanced
to catch me on what remained of my crystal head-
lamp, shattering it to fragments and momentar-
ily stunning me. A moment later, we had es-
caped through a little door into a side-gallery;
while behind us rang loud whoops of victory.

  Most of our trip, fortunately, was accomplish-
ed upon movable platforms that took us far from
the rabble; and so the battle was not renewed,
although we realized that henceforth—so long
as we remained on Pluto—we would live only
as aliens.

  Consequently, we were relieved when at last
our journey was over. Passing through a great
triangular doorway surmounted by the sign,
“Head Neuter,” we were bidden to wait in an
octagonal room with translucent walls of some
substance like amber. “His Ruling Eminence is
engaged in a conference just now,” we were in-
formed. “But if you will wait in the anteroom,
he will see you when he is at leisure.”

  Having no choice, we took seats on the floor,
while our attendants ranged themselves near the
doorway as if to preclude our escape. Minute
after minute now went by, during which we did
nothing but shift uneasily from place to place
and beat time upon our knees. It seemed as if
our turn never was to come; as if we had been
ordered here only that we might be tantalized;
for the minutes merged into hours, and still we
had not been called.

  Then, when my impatience had become such
that I had arisen and was pacing the floor like
a watchman, I heard the sound of voices from
an inner room, a door swung open, and a weep-
ing woman with a yellow head-light and ban-
daged face emerged.

  At first, in my astonishment, I failed to recog-
nize her. But it was only a moment before I had
cried out, in tune with Stark, “Zandaye! Zan-
daye!”

  Startled at hearing her name, she looked up
from swollen red-lidded eyes, and with an excla-
mation of surprise and joy ran to us, giving one
hand impulsively to each.

  “Zandaye! Zandaye!" we ejaculated, to-
gether. “What—what are you doing here?
What has happened to you?”

  She glanced about her furtively, as if to make
sure that none of the attendants were overhear-
ing; then, in whispers, confided, “Oh, my friends,
my friends, I am in trouble! The Head Neuter
has just called me to see him! By my lamp, but
we have had a long conference! It was all
about you! He—he threatens—terrible penal-
ties—unless I tell him all I know! He thinks
that I, having been with you so long, know how
you caused this—thi^ horrible neck disease. You
see, I have been stricken with it myself. I told
him you had not caused it at all, but he would
not believe me!”

UV"OU should not have told him that, Zan-
I daye,” I remonstrated; and then, seeing
her bewildered look, stopped suddenly short.

  “Never mind, Zandaye,” promised Stark, while
desperately she tried to dry away the last trace
360	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

of her tears, “we will protect you. We will speak
to the Head Neuter—”

  It was at this point that a booming voice thun-
dered from the unseen—no doubt from some con-
cealed radio receiver: “His Ruling Eminence, the
Head Neuter, is in waiting, along with Their Dis-
tinguished Excellencies, the Governing Council.
The two Lampless Ones will now step forward,
following the green arrow into the Audience
Chamber.”

  As these words died out, half of the wall to
our right slid open, revealing a winding gallery
whose existence we had not even suspected. Up-
on the floor a huge flaming green arrow was
visible; and this we followed hastily, after bid-
ding a hurried farewell to Zandaye, who watch-
ed us with dismal eyes as we nodded and van-
ished from view.

  After threading our way through numbers of
intricate passages, in which we would certainly
have been lost had it not been for the green ar-
row, Stark and I climbed a long flight of stairs
and emerged trembling into a hall suffused with
an eerie rose-red light. We were wondering
whether, after all, we had not gone astray, when
a voice from the invisible exclaimed, “You will
now lift your left hands three times in token of
respect for His Ruling Eminence, the Head Neu-
ter, and Their Distinguished Excellencies, the
Governing Council.”

  As we performed the required ceremony, we
noticed a queer-looking pyramidal marble stand,
about twelve or fifteen feet high, which towered
near one end of the hall. At its apex sat an in-
dividual with a particularly brilliant head-lamp
and with a head of three times the ordinary size;
just beneath him stared several empty benches;
while on seats ranged at different heights along
the pyramid sat six or eight big-headed Neuters,
who, I must admit, did not present a particularly
dignified appearance. Indeed, several of them
were nodding and tossing in the clasp of a sound
sleep; while the faces of all alike displayed huge
unsightly lumps and swellings.

  The individual on the highest seat, alone of all
the group, had not contracted the Bloated Neck;
and it impressed me at once that he looked like
a ruler, as, suffused in a rosy glow, and clad only
in the long, diaphanous, gauze streamers that
hung from his head-lamp, he returned our salu-
tation by raising his left hand twice, and then
solemnly motioned us to approach.

  Was it surprising that our hearts leapt into
our throats as we drew near this personage who
held our fate in his hands? True, he was not
strikingly different to the outer eye from hun-
dreds of other Plutonians; but the inner eye, per-
ceiving the power that he wielded, translated
that power at once into magnificence, with which
he was properly invested. And so we could
not have shuddered more violently had we been
summoned to the throne of great Jove himself.

  “Greetings, Lampless Ones!” he exclaimed,
when at last we stood beneath him, staring up
somewhat as a small dog stares at its master.
“I have called you here today on a most serious
matter. You may judge of its importance when
I tell you that, in order to see you without delay,
I had to postpone a meeting of the Inter-Neuter

Political League, which is intrusted with the duty
of choosing the candidates for both sides in our
elections. What was even more regrettable, I
had to miss the Three Hundredth Sequonal meet-
ing of the Society to Reform the Afflicted Reg-
ions, of which I am one of the Honorary Vice
Secretaries. Well, duty before pleasure is the
Neuter motto; and so I have sent for you, since
I find my subordinates too panic-stricken to per-
form a simple operation upon your heads. This
was the proposed date of the operation, was it
not?”

  We both nodded.

  “I thought so! Then, by my lamp, let us get
to the point!”

The Challenge!

SUDDENLY his manner became brisk and
business-like, and he sat up almost with mili-
tary erectness; while his voice assumed such
thunder and volume that several of his associates,
aroused from their slumbers, sat up abruptly and
rubbed their eyes sleepily before dozing off
again.

  “As you say,” he continued, “the operation
was to have been performed today. Assuredly,
it should have been performed, for the crimes
and blunders you have committed can only be
explained by the emotional blankness and the
mental derangements due to the lack of a lamp.
But now comes the most serious charge of all.
It is said you have deliberately spread a horrible
scourge, which swells the neck and sometimes
dims the head-lamp! If this be true, then it is
doubtful whether an operation would cure you;
indeed, whether it would not be best to submit
you to the process of Fiery Annihilation—a pun-
ishment rarely applied, but never known to fail.

  “However, I do not believe you guilty of
spreading the new disease. I attribute the
charges to the ignorance, the credulity, the pre-
judice of the masses. Moreover, one of your
friends, whom I have just interviewed, assures
me that you are in no way responsible. But be-
fore dismissing the case and sending you back to
the operating-room, I should like to hear from
your own lips a denial of the accusations!”

  The Head Neuter brought seven long fingers
down upon his bare knee with a slap that dis-
turbed the Governing Council once more in their
slumbers; then, folding his arms in an attitude
of waiting, he sat peering down at us for several
long embarrassing seconds, until Stark, in a wav-
ering voice, made bold to speak:

  “I am sorry, Your Ruling Eminence, but who
am I to deny the truth? My friend and I, being
men of honor, will not combat the accusations.”
The Head Neuter shot far forward in his seat,
and his great greenish eyes flashed and sparkled
with an angry fire.

  “What?” he roared. “You will not combat
the accusations? By your lampless skulls! then
you mean to say you have been guilty?—guilty
of the most monstrous crimes?”

  "We have been guilty,” testified Stark, with
increasing assurance, “of starting and spreading
the disease known as the Bloated Neck.”
Suddenly the seven fingers of the Neuter’s
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	361

powerful right hand were clenched, and drove
forward with the force of a battering-ram.

  “This is preposterous!” he bellowed. “You
do not know what you say! Why, have you even
considered the penalty? You lay yourselves op-
en to the doom of Fiery Annihilation? And,
by the holy head-lamp of my father, that is what
you will suffer—yes, that is what you will suffer
unless it be proved you are speaking mere windy
words!”

  “I am not speaking mere windy words,” in-
sisted Stark.

  “No, Your Ruling Eminence,” I verified, “he
is not speaking mere windy words.”

  “Then Fiery Annihilation will be the reward
of you both!"

   “I am sorry, but I do not think so,” Stark den-
ied, while several members of the Governing
Council, newly aroused, yawned and stared at
him with their first show of interest. “Surely,
you will not annihilate the only men who know
how to deliver you from the Bloated Neck.”
“How do I know you can deliver us from the
Bloated Neck?”

  “If we spread the pestilence, we can also re-
lieve it,” my friend asserted. “Without us, you
will find no way to save yourselves.”

  “Besides,” I added, on an inspiration, “if you
do not cure the disease, it will grow worse by its
very nature. Some of your people, to be sure,
will recover, but they will fall victims to it again
and again. After a while, it will disfigure most
of you, and also injure or destroy your head-
lamps.”

  The Head Neuter groaned. Several members
of the Governing Council did likewise, and a yel-
low glitter came into their lamps. And as if by
instinct their leader felt for his luminary before,
in a wrathful voice, he continued:

  “What is that you say? What diabolical
threat is this you make? Truly, Lampless Ones,
as some of our scientists have testified, you can-
not be even half human—otherwise, how conld
you dream of such criminal speech? Have you
thought of the defenseless millions of Neuters and
children? But no!—by i-he brilliance of my
head-light! you cannot think at all! And every-
thing that you say is an idle threat!”

  Into Stark’s eyes there had come a sudden
ironic twinkling. “Idle threat?” he repeated, in
low vibrant tones. “Perhaps you will say so
when, for sequons and sequons to come, you will
see millions groaning and distorted with the
Bloated Neck. But maybe you would like a lit-
tle proof? If you see that I can cause the Bloat-
ed Neck, will you be convinced that I can cure
it?”

<ES, by my lamp, I will be convinced!”
I thundered the Head Neuter, swinging his
long lithe body so far forward that I feared he
would topple out of his seat and come tumbling
down upon us. “But how, in the name of all
bright-shining heads, can you cause the disease?”
“That I will gladly show,” Stark proceeded,
while I wondered what on earth he could be plan-
ning. “It will, however, be necessary for you
to perform a few simple acts that I will suggest,

and after that you must wait a few days for the
effects. If you will consent to this much—”

  “I will consent to anything reasonable!” vowed
the Head Neuter; but his greenish eyes had an
incredulous gleam. “What is it that you pro-
pose?”

  “First of all, summon a few of your people
who have not been affected with the Bloated
Neck. Five or six will be enough.”

  The Head Neuter scowled. “Five or six peo-
ple who have not been affected with the Bloated
Neck will be difficult to find,” he ruminated.
“A hasty census has shown that not one in a
thousand has escaped. I myself have been one
of the fortunate few—which doubtless is be-
cause the Powers Above wish to protect me,
whom the people need to lead them. . . . How-
ever, since you desire to show that you can cause
the disease, it seems reasonable to begin on those
who have never had it. You will therefore re-
tire for a while, and I will send out scouts to find
some persons who have escaped. With luck,
you will be called back within a few hours.”

  The Head Neuter lifted his left hand in token
of our dismissal, and the members of the Govern-
ing Council yawned and settled back to sleep
once more. And Stark and I, passing out through
a door that opened automatically to receive us,
followed a red arrow through a long passageway
to the anteroom where we had waited before.

   At the first opportunity, I whispered a pertin-
ent question into Stark’s ear; and he chuckled by
way of reply, and whispered back something that
made me also chuckle. “Do you think it will
work?” he concluded, with an expressive gleam
in his great blue eyes. “Personally, I don’t see
how the scheme can fail.”

  “Neither can I,” I returned; and, chuckling
once more, I congratulated my friend on what
seemed to me to be an ingenious plan.

  It was only about two hours later when a voice
from the invisible roared the announcement that
His Ruling Eminence, the Head Neuter, again de-
sired to see us.

  Accordingly, we wasted no time about follow-
ing the green arrow in company of several at-
tendants, and within a few minutes stood again
in the rose-hued hall beneath the pyramidal
throne.

  “Well, Lampless Ones,” bawled the Head Neu-
ter, after we had performed the expected cere-
mony with our left hands, “I have secured six
persons unaffected by the Bloated Neck. Shall I
call them?”

  “If you please, Your Ruling Eminence,” ac-
quiesced Stark. And thereupon the Head Neu-
ter signalled to an attendant, who signalled to
another attendant, who signalled to a third at-
tendant; following which a door slipped open,
and six ordinary-looking Plutonians, untouched
by disease, entered the hall with head-lamps of
an intense yellow.

  “Your Ruling Eminence, I found these indivi-
duals only after great difficulty,” testified an at-
tendant. “None of them wished to come, but I
assured them all that the welfare of the State
may depend upon their presence.”

  “So it may!” acknowledged the Head Neuter.
362	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

“And now, Lampless Ofies, will you advise me
what to do next?”

  “Certainly, Your Ruling Eminence,” assarted
Stark. “Will you now order a bowl of any kind
of liquid food, with a tube to drink from?”

  The head-lamp of the Neuter showed a sudden
crimson hue. His eyes burned with an intense,
baleful green. “Lampless Ones,” he cried,
bringing his great fist down angrily upon his
knee, “I will not be made sport of! I have told
you I will listen to any reasonable request! But
this request, certainly, is not reasonable!”

  “If Your Ruling Eminence will only do as I
say, he will find it to be most reasonable,” pro-
mised Stark. “What harm can there be in get-
ting a small bowl of food?”

  “What harm, indeed?” echoed one of the mem-
bers of the Governing Council, who, at the men-
tion of food, showed the first real interest he had
yet manifested.

  With a snarling reluctance, the Head Neuter
assented, “Very well, then. It shall be as you
say. But I warn you—as I value my lamp, Fiery
Annihilation will not be the worst you have to
fear if you are taking my good nature in vain!”
A few minutes later, a bowl of a soup-like fluid
was brought in, along with one of the tubes by
means of which the Plutonians were accustomed
to eating.

AT the sight of these objects, the Governing
Council sat up alertly; while the Head Neu-
ter sarcastically barked, “All right, Lampless
Ones! Here is your dinner! Now what do you
propose to do? Eat it?”

  “By no means,” denied Stark. “Watch care-
fully, everyone.” And he reached down, mut-
tered to me in English, “We’ve got to do this well
—our last chance depends on it”; then waved
his hands before the bowl as if to hypnotize it,
and blew upon it solemnly and ceremoniously
three times; following which he ostentatiously
took a sip of the food.

  A silence had fallen upon the assemblage; all
looked on with head-lamps that had flashed to
an orange of surprise; but no one uttered a word.

  “And now, Your Ruling Eminence,” added
Stark, “I have one or two simple requests still
to make. I wonder, will one of the Distinguished
Excellencies be so good as to take a sip of this
food?”

  “By my lamp, why not?” cried the Head Neu-
ter, with a scowl of vast disapproval. “Why
not? When did I ever dictate what the Distin-
guished Excellencies may eat?”

  “Personally, I think we should oblige the
Lampless Ones,” volunteered one of the Gover-
ning Council, whose face was bulging from a par-
ticularly severe attack of the mumps. And,
without further ceremony, he reached down, took
the tube between his lips, and drained a long
draught.

  “Now,” continued Stark, while the Head Neu-
ter still scowled down upon us, will one of the
persons without the Bloated Neck take a sip?”
Since the Head Neuter did not positively for-
bid, the tube was passed to one of the newcomers,
who, never suspecting our plot—since nothing
was known on Pluto regarding contagious dis-

eases or their transmission—took a sip without
asking that the tube be washed or even wiped.

  Then once more a member of the Governing
Council was asked to drink; then one of the per-
sons without the Bloated Neck, and so again and
again until the entire half dozen had had every
chance to be infected.

  “Now if Your Ruling Eminence will wait about
six or seven days,” declared Stark, after the cere-
monies were all over, “you will find that all the
individuals you have called here today have been
taken with the Bloated Neck.”

  The reply of the Head Neuter was an incredu-
lous smile, accompanied by a lavender flash.

  “Lampless Ones,” he mocked, “I thought you
would try to show us a real trick. I thought you
would not do something utterly silly. How can
a man take Bloated Neck simply by tasting ev-
eryday food? Here! it is all so senseless I will
show you how little there is to it! I will taste
the food myself!”

  And, to our surprise, the Head Neuter ordered
that the bowl be brought up to him; whereupon
he tasted the food by means of the same tube
that all the others had used.

  “Now, Lampless Ones,” he concluded, “this
will prove how foolish you have been. I will
wait seven days, as you ask; then, if the Bloated
Neck be not found among those of us who did not
have it before, there will be proof enough that
you are impostors and did not cause the disease.
In that case, I swear, by the brilliance of my
lamp, I will order the physicians immediately to
perform the operations to give you the light!”
With these words, the Head Neuter once more
laughed a skeptical laugh; and then, with lamp
again lavender-hued, beckoned to the attendants
to lead us back to prison.

CHAPTER XXVI

His Ruling Eminence Proclaims

AFTER another week amid the monotony of
our guarded room, Stark and I were again
summoned before the Head Neuter.

  Our first glimpse of that official, as we entered
the rose-hued hall, showed us that not all had
gone well with him. He had lost much of his
former majesty; his face was swathed in huge
bandages that did not quite conceal the grotesque
swellings of the chin and neck; while his head-
lamp had swollen to double its normal size and
at the same time had been dimmed to half its
normal brilliancy.

  It is not surprising, accordingly, that he was
not in a very good humor; that he called out,
“Greetings, Lampless Ones!” in a voice that was
like a snarl, and glared at us with morose green-
ish eyes that looked as if they would like to de-
vour us.

  The seats on the pyramidal throne, we ob-
served, were now mostly vacant; only two or
three members of the Governing Council were
present; while, as if to replace the absent mem-
bers of the Council, several persons were ranged
in a semi-circle on the floor beneath the throne.
And these we recognized with difficulty as the
individuals on whom Stark had tried his experi-
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	363

ment. But how changed they were!—one and
all were nursing enormous bulging chins and
cheeks!

  “You see, Lampless Ones,” growled the Head
Neuter, when the two of us had come to a res-
pectful halt beneath him, “you see now what you
have done! Evil piled on evil! By the light of
my head! what do you mean by infecting all
these poor people with this loathsome disease?
Yes, and what do you mean by giving it to me?—
me, on whom the burden of the whole world
rests? Do you not realize what you have done?
One who attacks the person of the Head of the
State is guilty of an attack on the State itself!—
and an attack on the State is punished by a doom
a thousand times worse than Fiery Annihilation!”
Stark and I, exchanging meaningful glances,
were beginning to lose the jubilation we had felt
at the success of our plan.

  “The person of the Head of the State is sac-
red!” continued the Neuter, after pausing long
enough to rub his swollen face tenderly. “You
do not know how this accursed disease hurts! I
have not decided what penalty to order, Lamp-
less Ones, but you will not go free with a mere
operation! No operation could cure depravity
such as yours!”

  “Your Ruling Eminence,” pleaded Stark, “are
you not forgetting the experiment you consented
to have me perform? I promised to infect six
persons with the Bloated Neck, and have I not
done so? But I did not intend to include you.
It was you yourself, remember, who drank from
the common bowl without consulting me—”
“Who are you, that I have to consult you?”
shouted the Head Neuter, in a strained and husky
voice.

  “But if Your Ruling Eminence had consulted
me, you would not now have the Bloated Neck,”
continued Stark, unperturbed. “And if you will
still consult me, you will be cured of the disease,
and all your people will be cured. Just as my
friend and I have started the pestilence, so we
can end it.”

  “How?” demanded the Head Neuter, poking
his long thin body forward like a leaning tower.
"By my lamp, how can you end it?”

  “That is what I want to show. After making
the cure, I will explain my method. But first I
must be free to act. I must have your word of
honor as Head Neuter that my friend and I will
not be operated on or punished.”

  “By all the powers of darkness, you have your
impudence!” wailed the Head Neuter. “Not
operated on or punished? Afiter the crimes you
have committed?”

  “You have our terms,” shrugged Stark.

  For a moment, the Head Neuter remained
wrapped in a thoughtful silence. His head-
lamp, enfeebled by disease, showed a pale red
tinged with yellow; his hand felt appraisingly
for his swollen face, and he groaned involuntarily
as he touched a tender part. Then, still glaring
at us with those hostile green eyes, he grumbled:
“Well, by rights, Lampless Ones, both of you
should be left to hang in a pit of burning sulphur
for a thousand sequons. Such a fate would be
less than you deserve. Yet, for the sake of my
people, I may forget my personal grievances and

treat even with traitors. So you say that you
can cure us all of the Bloated Neck, and that the
disease will never return?”

  “That is what I say, Your Ruling Eminence."
  “How long would this take?”

  Stark hesitated. “That depends, Your Ruling
Eminence, on whether you will carry out a few
necessary requests. If so, I can promise that, in
seven days, the disease will begin to disappear
throughout the land, while after twice seven days
there will be no trace of it left.”

44 A ND what are the requests that you make?”
       demanded the Head Neuter.

  “They are not many, Your Ruling Eminence,
but they are very important. First I ask that,
during the next seven days, my friend and I be
free to roam anywhere in the world.”

  “Granted!” snapped the Head Neuter. “Nat-
urally, you must be free to go where you will in
order to end the disease. But, in that case, some
one must be appointed to accompany you.”
“Very well, Your Ruling Eminence,” assented
Stark. “I ask that we travel in the company of
one of our former tutors, a female named Zan-
daye—”

  “Zandaye!” interrupted the Head Neuter, with
a scowl. “Zandaye Zandippar! Yes, I remem-
ber her! Very stout person, is she not, with the
oddest red lips and blue eyes? She has already
had training enough in Pre-Neuterhood to make
an excellent guide—so, if you want her, I think
she will serve as well as any.”

  With these words, the Head Neuter signalled
to one of the attendants standing in the rear.
“Send out a call for Demoted Pre-Neuter Zan-
daye Zandippar,” he shouted a husky command
... “At once. Tell her it is my wish.”

  “Now one thing more, Your Ruling Eminence,”
I requested, after the attendant had retired.
“This Pre-Neuter, Zandaye, was unjustly dishon-
ored not long ago. I therefore ask you to re-
move all shadow of disgrace from her and re-
store her to Pre-Neuterhood.”

  The scowl that darkened the face of the Head
Neuter was terrible to see. One of his great
seven-fingered hands reached out angrily, and
waved before me in a savage demonstration.
“Now Lampless One, what can all that have to
do with you?” he demanded. “How can the
honor or dishonor of this Zandaye help you to
overcome the Bloated Neck?”

  “Your Ruling Eminence," I pleaded, “do I need
to explain that Zandaye can be of most use to
us if she works with an untroubled mind ? I as-
sure you, this is indispensable. . . If you will
not consent, we can do nothing about the Bloated
Neck.”

  “Oh, very well then!” groaned the Head Neu-
ter. And after a moment's hesitation, during
which he glowered at us as if to say that our
last moment was at hand, he summoned another
attendant, who procured a long sheet of parch-
ment-like paper, on which several sentences were
written with a flourish, to be followed by the
signature of the Head Neuter.

  “We will give her this when she comes,” he
declared. . . “And now, Lampless Ones, I sup-
pose you have asked everything you wish?”
364	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  "No, Your Ruling Eminence,” Stark surprised
me by saying. “There is just one trifle more.
When my friend and I came among your people,
we had some clothes which were not as those
worn here; and these clothes were taken from
us, and we have not seen them since. Unfortun-
ately, I had concealed in them some powders
powerful against the Bloated Neck. Therefore
if you will but send for these garments—”
“Send for these garments?” interrupted the
Head Neuter. “That will not be easy. After be-
ing shipped to our chemical laboratories for an-
alysis, they have been placed behind glass cases
in museums, where they are still on exhibition.
The directors of the museums will not gladly
consent to releasing such curiosities. Is it essen-
tial to have them?”

“Absolutely essential!” averred Stark.
“Absolutely!” I coincided, realizing what
forethought my friend had been displaying. “But
after the seven days, we will return them to you.”
“Then, by my lamp, if it must be, I suppose it
must!” sighed His Ruling Eminence. “But I am
not anxious to antagonize the directors of the
museums, who are all Neuters of high standing.”
Without delay, however, he summoned another
attendant, and muttered an order that had to do
with “Strange clothes of the Lampless Ones”...

  At the same time, we were bidden to return to
the anteroom; and there for several hours we
could do nothing but wait. But, upon being
called back into the presence of the Head Neu-
ter, we found that our patience had not been in
vain: two greatfur coats lay on a rumpled heap
on the floor just beneath the Neuter’s throne.
The fur had been singed or clipped off in a few
places, and parts of the collars had been slit in-
to ribbons; yet apparently the garments had not
lost their usefulness.

  “Greetings, Lampless Ones!” growled His Rul-
ing Eminence, as we performed the reqquired
rites with our left hands. “Here are the cos-
tumes you asked for. Unsightly as they are, may
they give you joy and length of sequons! I am
afraid I have made enemies for life of the direc-
tors of the museums—but, by the sooty light of
their heads, that can’t be helped!”

HE had hardly finished examining the fur
coats when an attendant approached to an-
nounce the arrival of Zandaye.

  “Tell her to come here at once!” directed the
Head Neuter. And so, within a few minutes, we
again saw our friend.. Her face, we were glad
to observe, was no longer bandaged, and she
seemed almost to have recovered from the
mumps; but her eyes were downcast as she en-
tered, and when she noticed us it was with a
shock of surprise; while her head-lamp showed
a deep yellow glow.

  “Greetings, Zandaye Zandippar!” cried the
Head Neuter, after she had performed the salu-
tations with her left hand. “Do not be disturbed
at being summoned today. I have good news
for you. Rare and undeserved good news. At-
tendants, will you show her the official proclama-
tion?”

  The long parchment-like paper, with the sig-
nature of the Head Neuter, was accordingly
placed in Zandaye’s hands. Her thin form reeled
as her eyes raced along the contents; she gave a
gasp of incredulous surprise, and might have
fallen in a swoon to the floor had not two at-
tendants rushed to her assistance.

  “Why, I—I—Ruling Eminence, what have I
done to earn this?” she faltered, when finally she
was in a condition to speak half coherently. “I
—I—I am a Pre-Neuter again! The blessings
of ten thousand sequons be upon you, Ruling
Eminence!! The blessings of—”

  “Do not bless me,” the Head Neuter cut her
short. “It was not done of my own desire. Bless
your two friends, the Lampless Ones, who ar-
gued your case so well that I could refuse them
nothing.”

  Zandaye turned toward us with a look of such
gratitude in her flooded eyes that I felt that our
sufferings on Pluto had not been in vain. Her
head-lamp glowed to a lovely blue; her voice
trembled as she exclaimed, “By my light! how
am I ever to thank you, dear friends? You have
saved my honor! You have saved my life! Now
that the road to Neuterhood is open once more—”
“Come, come,” broke in the Head Neuter, im-
patiently. “You can discuss all that after busi-
ness hours! We must now get down to work
again!”

  And thereupon he informed Zandaye that she
was to be our guide for the next seven days, and
was to take us wherever we wished to go.

  “Here,” he concluded, reaching for a pencil
and scribbling a few lines upon a small red card,
“this will serve as a passport for the three of
you in any gallery or Traveling Platform you
may care to use. It will also entitle you to food
and shelter at any of the Neuter Hotels. But
your rights will expire in seven days. After that
time, I will expect you all back here again. And,
by the power of my lamp! I will have you
brought back forcibly if you do not come of your
own will! Also, I will expect to find that this
dread disease, which you call the Bloated Neck,
is receding everywhere in the world.”

  “Yes, Your Ruling Eminence,” promised Stark,
“that is what you will surely find!”

  “If not—by my fourteen fingers, remember!—
Fiery Annihilation, or worse!” threatened the
Head Neuter, in a voice of thunder.

  “We have no fear, Your; Ruling Eminence,”
Stark declared.

  “Then you had better make the best of your
time now! Now be gone!”

  We thanked His Ruling Eminence; and after
raising our left hands once more in token of re-
spect, Stark and I hastily left in the company of
Zandaye and an attendant.

  Our last glimpse of the Head Neuter, as we
glided from the room, showed him tenderly feel-
ing his swollen neck. “Well, colleagues,” he
groaned, as he awakened a member of the Gov-
erning Council by prodding him with one foot,
“suppose we say we’ve worked enough for to-
day. By my lamp! I’m not feeling any too well,
and I think I’ll be going home for some rest..
INTO PLUTONIAN DEPTHS	365

          CHAPTER XXVII
          The End Of It All

AS soon as Stark and I were alone with Zan-
daye, we began to explain our plans. With-
out unfolding our purpose fully, we asked to be
escorted to the long ice-coated stairway by which
we had descended into the planet. At first Zan-
daye did not know which stairway we meant, for
she said that there were many narrow, deserted
tunnels which led up from the Upper or Frigid
Corridors; but none of them were used nowadays
or had been used for ages because of the unbear-
able cold. It was only after we had explained
that the stairs led into a triangular gallery near
a hexagonal court, that Zandaye recognized the
place; there was only one such gallery in the
world, she said, and that was a very, very ancient
one, of a style of construction long outmoded.

  As it was only a few hours’ journey away, we
set out together at once, using a “Traveling Plat-
form,” while both Stark and I exulted to think
that escape was so near. There was only one
thing to trouble us—what were we to do with
Zandaye? Could we not take her with us to
earth? To think what a sensation she would
make!

  Besides, was there not still a chance that she
would link her life to mine? So accustomed had
I now become to the peculiarities of Plutonian
anatomy that it did not even occur to me that it
would seem grotesque to have a wife with a head-
lamp and fourteen fingers. Consequently, I look-
ed for the first chance of speaking with her
alone.

  The opportunity came when at last we had
paused to eat at one of the “Neuter Hotels” and
Stark had strolled off by himself to observe a
peculiar crystalline gallery.

  Her head-lamp showed an orange of surprise
when I hastily put the question. “Why, dear
friend of mine,” she exclaimed, giving me the
same answer as once before, “you know that is
impossible. I—I am to become a Neuter.”

  “But, Zandaye, if you leave this world with me
it will not matter whether you are to become a
Neuter or not. Think, will it not be wonderful
to go far away—”

  “No, no, it is impossible!” she cut me short, a
wistful light in her glistening blue eyes. “Quite
impossible! I am to become a Neuter; I cannot
forsake my duties. Oh, my friend, if you wanted
me to go with you, why did you have me re-
stored to Pre-Neuterhood?”

  “Why? Because you were so unhappy, Zan-
daye !” And then, as a sudden light burst upon
me, “Tell me—if your rank had not been re-
stored—would you—would you then, maybe—”
She hung her head, and her lamp showed a
deep blue radiance. “Then—well then,” she
murmured, “I would not have had a consecrated
mission.”

  And, as realization came to me, I groaned to
think that in my very zeal to win her I had lost
her forever.

  Even so, I might still have pleaded—had it not
been for the sudden return of Stark. In his com-
pany, we resumed our journey; yet it was only a

few minutes before he had found a pretext to
go roaming away with her down a side-corridor
while I remained waiting alone. What tran-
spired during the interval I do not know, but
they were both gone for many minutes, and when
they returned Stark looked exceedingly solemn,
while Zandaye’s eyes were tearful and red. . .

  Only an hour later, we arrived at the triangu-
lar gallery that had been the scene of some of
our first adventures on the planet. All was as
on our previous visit: the long empty spaces, the
branching side-corridors, and the all-suffusing
radiance proceeding from no visible source in
the granite walls. To find the point of our orig-
inal descent was less easy, and several hours
were occupied in the task, while we ranged back
and forth for miles ... until at last we found the
hexagonal court, and, a few minutes later, made
out a remembered circular opening in the roof.

  Now it was that we laid our plans completely
before Zandaye; for, until this moment, she had
not known that we were to escape at this particu-
lar point. Arid how her face was distorted with
horror, how her head-lamp glared and flickered
with yellow flashes when we adjusted our fur
coats and told her that we expected to climb into
the stairway above the triangular gallery!

  “By my father’s lamp! you can’t—you can’t
do that!” she gasped, in a voice of terror. “You
can’t! It’s forbidden! And what of me, left
here alone—”

  “What of you?” I echoed, with a sudden sick-
ening sensation. “Yes, what of you, Zandaye?
How can we go, after all?”

FOR all at once it had come to me that our es-
cape was not practicable. Were we to get
away, would Zandaye not have to bear the
brunt? Would the Head Neuter not vent his
wrath on her? No! We must remain, though
it were to face Fiery Annihilation!

  The same thought must have come simultane-
ously to Stark. “Yes, it is as you say, Zandaye!”
he criend. “We can’t go! We can’t leave you
here alone! You must not suffer the conse-
quences—”

  Her head-lamp flamed to a momentary orange.
“Suffer the consequences?” she repeated. “By
the faith of a Neuter! it is not I that would suffer!
It is not myself I was thinking of! I was think-
ing of you. For I would only have to say you
had entered the Desolate Tunnels, and who
would there be to blame me? But you—you
would pay the penalty!”

  “And you, Zandaye, would not suffer at all?”
I demanded.

  “Only what I must feel at losing two good|
friends! Only what I must feel at knowing they
would perish! For the Desolate Tunnels are for-
bidden. They are forbidden because he who goes
there can never return. They aie cold—oh, so
cold that a man will freeze to ice! You will not
go there, my friend! Say you will not!”

  Even as she spoke, her face was flooded with
sudden tears; and her head-lamp glowed to a
tender blue; and she reached out her arms to us
imploringly.

But at that instant, from far down the gallery,
(Continued on Page 415)'
The Empire of Glass

«j	By Frank Miloche	* flitll

                                   mu

mwwm 11

 Ilia hr IPf-:

■ *,#!- . ffi. - &■, •■ ”::•■■ ^ ■' rtv-9- ~—	<_ ;	“ - (Illustrated by Marehtont)

 Zigzagging with incredible speed, the fly bounded forward to renew the attack.

    Up came the little man’s weapon.
THE EMPIRE OF GLASS

George preston stood stock stm, as

though suddenly petrified through some
mysterious agency, one foot well forward,
in the act of taking a step. A look of incredu-
lous surprise, mingled with perplexity, showed
upon his sun-tanned face.

  Only a moment before he had been idly stroll-
ing through the wooded hills of Northern New
Jersey, breathing deeply into grateful lungs the
perfume of the fragrant spring
air.

  The May night was beauti-
ful and cloudless, and lacelike
patterns of black and silver,
traced by the full moon, were
shining through the tender new
leaves of maples upon a car-
pet of last fall’s leaves. This
plus the whisperings of a timid
breeze, through nodding tree-
tops, had cast their spell upon
him, until he was happily un-
conscious of the world of bus-
tle and strife he had so recent-
ly left behind.

  It was a sneeze, an unmis-
takable human sneeze, which
had at first brought him out of
his revery; a sound, though not
startling in itself, was one that
warranted investi-
gation in this un-
frequented spot so
close to midnight.

  Preston looked
about him in sur-
prise. There, in a
small clearing, not
fifty feet from him,
was that which had
caused his sudden
halt. The appear-
ance of any human
there, at such a
time, would have
seemed strange
enough to him, but
the sight which
met his astonished
gaze was beyond
belief.

  It was the figure
of a man, yet so
strange a man. He
was small, hardly
larger than the tin-
iest of midgets;
head, feet, and
hands much too large for so small a body. He
was covered from head to foot, all but his face,
which was bland and expressionless, by a single
tightfitting garment of spun gold, which reflect-
ed the moon’s rays in tiny sparkling spears of
golden light, and seemed to aid, rather than hin-
der his quick and agile movements.

  He seemed to be unaware of Preston’s spell-
bound presence. In one hand he held a dark
cylindrical object, about eight inches in length,

367

and three in diameter, from which emanated a
greenish ray, lighting his path brilliantly with an
intense light. He was pacing back and forth
silently, his ridiculously tiny frame bent well for-
ward, his eyes glued to the spot of light on the
ground before him, systematically searching, as
though for something he had lost.

  Suddenly, as by some sixth sense, he became
aware that he was observed. He turned and
hurried off into the woods to
his left, extinguishing the light,
and was soon lost to Preston’s
sight.

  Curiosity, overcoming Pres-
ton’s surprise, spurred him to
action.

  “Hey,” he shouted, running
in the direction the strange
dwarf had taken, “Stop a mo-
ment.”

  At the sound of Preston’s
voice the little man hesitated in
indecision, cast a hurried
glance over his shoulder, then
continued on his way, faster, if
anything, than before.

  Increasing his pace, Preston
shouted again, now fully deter-
mined to solve the mysterious
actions of this still more mys-
terious person. The
little man, now
hurriedly weaving
in and out among
the trees, was rap-
idly drawing away.

   “I’ve got to move
quickly,” thought
Preston, “if I hope
to reach him at
all.” And sprint-
ing, as he used to,
in his college days
not so long past, he
found himself rap-
idly gaining.

  They had reach-
ed a larger clear-
ing by the time he
came within reach
of his quarry. His
arms were out-
stretched, about to
grasp the tiny
shoulders, a cry of
victory on his lips,
when his foot
Struck a protruding
root. With a cry of pain and surprise he fell
headlong. A sharp pain in his ankle told him
plainly that the chase was now over. From now
on he could only be a spectator, and not for very
long at that, he thought, shaking his head in dis-
gust.

  When Preston looked up, expecting to see the
little fellow disappear among the trees, the latter
had reached the farther end of the clearing.
Standing beside him, on a hillock near the fringe

FRANK MILOCHE

 CONCEPTIONS of what the future of our race
     will be are almost as numerous as there are
     writers about it.

   Most writers assume that our future will be the re-
 sult of a logical extension of conditions of the pre-
 sent, thereby simplifying their task of prognostica-
 tion. But what these writers overlook is chance and
 accident, as vital factors in the lives of our descend-
 ants.

   For example some man at some future date may
 invent a device that will gradually become more
 and more important until it may finally upset the
 entire world of his contemporaries. The invention
 of such a device and its importance at some future
 date naturally cannot be anticipated at this time by
 even the shrewdest of prophets.

   Our author introduces himself by an excellent tale
 of our descendants with their struggles for existence
 against a deadly menace.
368	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

of trees on the border of the open space, clearly
outlined in the light of the moon, was a huge
mechanical contrivance. It was as strange and
outlandish a thing as Preston had ever seen.

  An odd vehicle it was, resembling, he thought,
nothing so much as the figure of an immense os-
trich with its head buried in the ground in fright.

GLEAMING coppery metal strips, or ribs, some
three inches wide, and as far apart, joined at
the top and bottom, formed the body of the thing.
Through these was visible a vast space, the for-
ward part of which contained cogged wheels,
levers, and weird machinery of many sorts.

  Most of the remainder of the space was taken
up with row upon row of little stool-like seats,
empty, behind which was a single seat, placed
so that the occupant thereof would be within
easy reach of the controls which projected from
a panel before it. This entire assembly rested
on three tripod-like legs of the same metal as
the rest of the machine, which held it about four
feet above the ground.

  The dwarf climbed easily into the seat, des-
pite its height, deposited the flash lamp some-
where out of sight, and, with a cheerful grin
across the clearing at the reclining figure of
Preston, leaned forward and pulled a lever.

  A low hum was the immediate result. For a
fraction of a second nothing else happened.
Then, as the little man fumbled with the controls,
the noise increased in volume. It reached a
high-pitched screech. A change was taking
place. Gradually, the outlines of the machine
were growing indistinct, and as the screech be-
came almost unbearable, were becoming more
vague.

  Preston rubbed his eyes in disbelief. As he
stared machine and man vanished! Evaporated
into thin air!

  Bewildered, Preston arose, his paining ankle
bearing testimony that he was not asleep and
dreaming, and limped to the spot where the
machine had been. There, plainly visible in the
soft ground, were the deep imprints of the three
legs of the machine, and, leading to them, the
footprints made by the strange creature.

  The fading light of the waning moon brought
Preston back to the commonplace. The lateness
of the hour, his physical exertions, and the unu-
sual experience he had undergone were making
themselves felt. A great fatigue came over him.
Looking forward now only to a good night’s
sleep in the woodland cabin he called his retreat,
he turned wearily. Limping painfully, he re-
traced his former steps, and came presently upon
the spot where he had first encountered the lit-
tle man. He really should inspect the ground
most carefully, he thought, but tomorrow would
do, he was so awfully tired now.

  A queerly shaped object upon the ground
caught his eye. Hardly realizing he did so, so
great had his fatigue grown, he stooped and
picked it up, and, after a long weary half mile,
finally reached the single room of his lonely
shack. His cot beckoned invitingly.

  The sun was high in the heavens when he
awoke, refreshed. His mind flew instantly back

to the startling events of the night before. Had
they been nightmares of a troubled sleep?

  As though to prove the reality of his strange
adventure, a ray of the sun, streaming through a
window, fell full upon an object lying on a chair
beside his bed. What was this thing? He was
sure it had not been there yesterday.

  He remembered now. It was the object he
had found last night in the small clearing, and
in all probability that for which the dwarf had
been so methodically searching.

  Excitedly he reached for it, and examined it.
It was a sort of helmet, constructed of a flexible
brownish metal, made so that it could fit snugly
over any head. Rather bulky it was, and not
light in weight. Preston saw that it would not
only cover the entire head, but the eyes and ears
as well. Queer triangular knobs protruded, one
high in the center of the forehead of the thing,
and one on each side, just above that portion of
the instrument that would cover the ears. They
turned readily at Preston’s touch with little click-
ing noises.

  “I wonder what this can be,” he mused, and
realizing that to experiment was the only method
to determine, he carefully adjusted it upon his
head, and turned the dial-like knob on the fore-
head.

   A sharp click, and instantly a blur of vari-col-
ored light sprang before his eyes, and simultan-
eously, a roar, like that of nearby thunder sound-
ed in his ears.

  Nervously he turned the knob above his right
ear. The blur of colors swirled, like smoke in
slightly agitated air, and evolved into a lifelike
scene, while the roaring sounds faded into si-
lence.

  Now intensely interested, Preston stared in
amazement at the marvelous sight before him.

  The sun was beating mercilessly down upon a
tremendously wide highway of a smooth sub-
stance which looked like glass of a milky hue.
As far as the eye could see it stretched out before
him in an unbroken line, disappearing in the dis-
tance. On either side rising directly from the
roadway, were towering buildings of strange de-
sign, reaching it seemed to the very skies. Some,
in fact, penetrated occasional clouds of fleecy
white, their pinnacles quite invisible, and to judge
their incredible heights was an impossibility.

A Life and Death Struggle

WINDOWS there were none in the smooth,
tinted glass walls, which reflected the light,
throwing beams of various colors in all directions.
The first inpression that all was immaculate, and
well kept, was destroyed, for as he looked down
he saw that scars and cracks in the roadway
and cracked walls of the buildings testified to the
ravages of time that could not be stemmed. The
cold shimmer of the scene, coupled with the ab-
sence of life of any kind gave Preston an uncan-
ny impression of death and desolation.

  This feeling grew, until Preston became decid-
edly uneasy. He was about to turn the other
knob, to see what further adventures were in
store for him, when a lone figure emerged from
the arched doorway of the building nearest him.
THE EMPIRE OF GLASS	369

  He was the counterpart of the dwarf of the
night before, but with one exception. He wore
a broad leather belt, strapped closely to his body,
on the back of which hung a dark boxlike object.
A flexible metal tube curved from its side to the
right hand of the little man, which held its noz-
zle, thumb on a small round button.

  It was obviously a weapon, for, as he hurried
along, the broad highway, he fingered it ner-
vously, casting uneasy glances skyward, as
though fearing an attack from that direction.

  A hundred yards he walked, and, a startled
look of fear suddenly clouding his features, he
whirled swiftly into the shallow doorway of the
building nearest him. He tried the door hurried-
ly. It would not open. His movements became
frantic. He wheeled, the muzzle of the weapon
flashing in his hand.

  The cause for his alarm now only became ap-
parent to Preston.

  With a roar as that of a dozen airplanes, a
huge, dark body was hurtling through the air.
Down the canyon of skyscrapers it came, mak-
ing straight for the trembling little figure, down,
down until it was but a few feet from him.

  What was this monstrous flying thing, darting
so swiftly through the air?

  Although surprises were becoming more or
less common to Preston by this time, recognition
of this gigantic creature attacking the little man
caused his heart to leap wildly, his breath to
stick in his throat.

  It was a gigantic species of fly, red of head, its
manifold eyes gleaming wickedly as it watched
intently every move of its prey. An ugly, hairy,
black body was borne swiftly as lightning on
transparent wings, made almost invisible by their
rapid vibrations. Its six spidery legs, sharp
claws at their extremities, hideously outstretched
in anticipation of the pictured feast to come. Its
enormous size held Preston transfixed. Fully
seven feet in length it was, its fat puffy body nau-
seating in effect.

  The dwarf threw himself to the ground and
rolled rapidly away from the beast, into a niche
made by the^loorway, narrowly escaping the first
vicious lunge, and drew himself into as small a
space as possible. One hand he held outthrust
in protection against the onslaughts of the pon-
derous insect, the other was kept busily engaged
with the weapon which he kept pointed always
toward Tiis foe.

  Zigzagging with incredible speed, the fly
bounded forward to renew its attack. Up came
the little man’s hand. He pressed the button of
his weapon. Instantly a flashing beam of scin-
tillating blue stabbed the air. The fly had ap-
parently felt the effects of the ray before, for it
dodged at the last possible moment, allowing the
ray to pass harmlessly by. It retreated several
hundred feet, beyond the range of the weapon,
only to resume the attack immediately.

  This time its tremendous velocity carried it to
the dwarf. An outthrust claw caught for an in-
stant in the leather girdle, but only for an in-
stant, then slithered off.

  At this close range, the ray, expertly mani-
pulated by the tiny figure, got in its work. It
touched the ugly body. There was a searing

flash of flame, and a puff of black smoke.

  Wings beating the pavement noisily, the fly fell
to the ground and rolled over and over. It seem-
ed for an instant that the battle was over, but
the insect recovered quickly, and rose with an
effort high into the air.

  It circled slowly, rising higher and higher, its
movements impaired somewhat due to its injury,
reached a dizzy height directly above the prone
figure of the dwarf, and dropped like a plum-
met.

  The little man now changed his tactics.
Bounding to his feet with a yell, he raced to the
center of the street where, dodging here and
there, weaving from side to side, never still for a
moment, he awaited what he knew would be the
final onslaught of his terrible adversary.

DOWN, down it came, its wings folded, drop-
ping like a screeching projectile. It seemed
as though it must crash to its death on the hard
glass pavement. With scarcely a foot to spare
it spread its wings, and zoomed horizontally, lit-
erally throwing itself upon the dwarf. He jump-
ed aside to avoid its furious clutch, but too late.

  As though he were but a babe, in an eagle’s
claws, the horrible creature caught him with its
hairy loathsome legs and hugged him closely to
its body, soaring skyward. With an agonizing
cry, the dwarf became limp in its clutches.

  Suddenly his senses returned, and realizing his
precarious position, he sprang into action.
Wrenching one arm free he caught up the muz-
zle of his weapon, and at point blank range
squeezed the trigger. Again and again the des-
tructive rays of blue penetrated the hairy body,
and at each burning flash, a large patch of flesh
was destroyed.

  Weaker and weaker became the fly, its clutch
loosening, until the little man was forced to cling
desperately to a sticky leg to avoid a fatal fall.
Wobbling now, the insect was fast losing altitude,
and in its weakened state, and encumbered by
its burden, it was not long before it neared the
ground. When still fifteen feet above the pave-
ment, the dwarf released his hold, landed with a
thud in the center of the street, and lay still.

  Badly crippled, but still able to fly, the wound-
ed monster, relieved of its burden, careened craz-
ily from side to side, wobbled off, and presently
became lost to view in the distance.

  For some minutes the dwarf remained where
he had fallen, then rose shakily to his feet, and
resumed his walking in silence. Soon he reach-
ed a building considerably smaller than the rest,
and entered in evident relief.

  Preston found that by turning the knob on the
left hand side of the helmet a hair’s breadth he
could follow the movements of the dwarf hand-
ily, and keep him in sight wherever he went.

  The room the little man entered was small and
bright. The walls, although strangely opaque,
permitted the sunlight of the outdoors to enter.
They were smooth and bare, except for the one
opposite the door, which was covered with elect-
rical equipment of strange and varied sorts.

   Near, the door, and directly in front of it, bare-
ly permitting one to enter, stood a desk of shining
glass, the top of which held nothing on its polish-
370	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

ed surface but a row of buttons on each side, each
marked with a strange character, which Preston
could not recognize.

  At the desk sat a man of the same race as those
of which Preston had already seen two, older of
face, and wrinkled, but otherwise identical. As
the other entered, he looked up in expectancy
and spoke.

  Preston was not through with surprises which
were flocking upon him almost too fast for him
to comprehend.

  The man was speaking English!

  “Ah, Nebo, greetings,” he said with a look of
hope lighting his otherwise sad face. “Your
presence here, at such a time, can mean only one
thing. Tell me quickly, to relieve an old man’s
anxiety, is it really so? Has Hebor then really
been successful?”

  “Yes, Palo, he has returned,” was the joyous
reply. “Last night very late he arrived with
the happy news we have been awaiting so long.
Have you everything in readiness for me as I have
requested?”

  Palo frowned reproachfully. “For a long
time, aye, too long a time have I tended this,
one of the last two remaining transportation sys-
tem stations, and as long as it has been idle, never
for a moment have I not kept it in readiness for
instant use.”

  “Good,” smiled Nebo. “Then, at once, put
me through to our few remaining friends in the
further end of Nork, our once great city, that I
may inform them of their great good fortune.
Even a moment’s delay, as you well know, may
be fatal to one or more of them, and now, that
deliverance is assured, it would be an ironical
fate to lose even one more precious life.”

  As he spoke he entered a small inclosed booth
standing against the wall opposite the entrance.
Palo followed and assisted him in fastening a
metal band firmly about his neck. Two other
metal strips were fastened on Nebo’s wrists. In-
sulated wires ran from all these bands to a panel
mounted on the wall beside the booth. A com-
plicated arrangement of coils, wire wound, and
condensers, as well as indicators were upon this
panel. Two wires of a much greater thickness
stretched downward and disappeared through a
hole in the floor—to a power plant in the base-
ment, Preston concluded.

  The floor of the booth was a network of bare
copper wires arranged like a spider’s web, upon
which Nebo stood. Two metal handles project-
ed from the rear wall of the enclosure, which he
grasped firmly, one in each hand.

  “Ready?” asked Palo.

  “Ready! Five minutes will suffice as my stay.
Be in readiness to direct my return then.”

  “Hold tight,” was Palo’s final admonition. He
adjusted the instruments on the panel, turned,
and walked to his desk, and sat down. His
hand went out. A finger touched the second but-
ton from him on his left. There was a loud
click.

  Preston was again to see one of the strange
people disappear before his eyes. As he after-
ward expressed it, he was becoming accustomed
to the procedure.

  The result was instantaneous. Where Nebo

had stood a moment before there was now noth-
ing but empty space.

Hope of Deliverance?

PALO sat quietly at his desk, intently watching
a vibrating needle On the panel which he
could plainly see from where he sat. An age it
seemed to Preston’s befuddled brain, but in real-
ity it was but a few minutes before the needle
trembled more violently, and rose an inch with
a jerk. Palo again reached forward, and
pressed the corresponding button on the right.
Before his finger lifted, there, in the booth again,
with the bands fastened to him as before, stood
Nebo.

  Palo released him, and he stepped nimbly
from the enclosure.

  “The word has been passed,” Nebo said, smil-
ing in satisfaction. “Palo, our brethren are, of
course, overjoyed at the prospect of their deliv-
erance, and already are hastening to the large
meeting hall for the great adventure. And you,
Palo, have in all probability operated the Radio-
matic Transportation System for the last time, in
this age, at least.”

  “Yes, and I am glad, and yet, necessary as it
may be, it is not without a feeling of regret with
which I will leave all this behind,” Palo said,
waving his hand to include all of his beloved and
familiar machinery. “It is harder than you, a
younger man, can perhaps realize.”

  With a “Cheer up, we leave all hardships be-
hind,” Nebo caught Palo’s arm in the crook of
his own, and together they walked toward the
exit.

  Opening the door, they peered cautiously out
into the open, weapons in hand. It was well for
them they did so. The sun was obscured as
though by heavy clouds. An enormous horde of
the gigantic insects covered the entire sky. Off
to the horizon they stretched, thousands upon
thousands of them. Several of them were crawl-
ing on the thoroughfare, poking their hungry
jowls as far as they possibly could into the locked
doorways of the buildings, seeking human food
and finding none. Creeping on to repeat the ac-
tion at each nook and cranny, they advanced, and
rapidly neared the two dwarfs.

  With glistening eyes, one of the monsters es-
pied them, and with a rush was upon them. Just
in time Nebo swung the door shut with a bang,
safely putting it between them and the clawing
creatures outside.

  For half an hour they waited in silence, then
ventured forth again. The sky was clear, the
insects gone. They walked swiftly back in the
direction from which Nebo had come.

  Without further mishap, they reached the
building from which Preston had first seen Nebo
emerge, and entered.

  Within was a room of vast dimensions. The
glass walls of a delicate rosy hue were divided
into panels by immense pillars of snow-white
marble, equally spaced, and about twenty feet
apart. They supported an arched ceiling fifty
feet above a smooth, highly polished glass floor.
Palo and Nebo took their places among some
hundred and fifty of their fellow men and wo-
THE EMPIRE OF GLASS	371

men, who were reclining upon soft mats of a
light grey material in various positions of ease
and comfort.

  The women were clad like the men, except that
their garments, instead of having a golden color,
were of silver. They were smaller in stature
than the men, with limbs and heads more per-
fectly proportioned to their tiny supple bodies.
Preston could not but marvel at their profound
beauty.

  A low babble of voices filled the room. All
were discussing the probable nature of the revel-
ations to come.

  As time went on, others entered, joining those
on the floor, some in groups of threes and fours,
while others drifted in singly. At last a group
of sixty entered together. One of the dwarfs,
who had been enumerating the arrivals, closed
the door and locked it, announcing that all were
now present. He touched a push button beside
the door. A musical note sounded clearly
throughout the hall. At once a complete silence
fell over the assemblage, their attention becom-
ing centered on a raised dais at one end of the
room.

  Two figures, one of which Preston recognized
as the dwarf of his recent adventure, stepped out
upon the platform, entering through a narrow
door at its rear. The other advanced and ad-
dressed his fellow men. Loudly and clearly he
began.

  “We who are assembled here are, as you all
know, the only survivors of the once proud rulers
of the earth, man. Mankind’s struggle against
the insect pest, dating from his first days on the
earth, have finally reached the stage where he
must adnlit defeat.

  “How the insects grew, first in uncountable
numbers, and then, gradually in size, destroying
our crops faster than they could be planted, is
certainly no news to you. Then went our dom-
estic animals, as food for the always ravenous
horde, and finally, when they had destroyed
everything else, and they had reached their pres-
ent gigantic proportions, they preyed upon us
like cats on mice.

« A LL too fresh in your memories are the aw-
ful horrors of the starvation and plagues
that followed, until the few of us who now re-
main grovel in our buildings too fearful of our
lives to venture forth. We subsist on our little
remaining tinned and preserved food, resigned
to a horrible untimely death in one form or an-
other.

  “Our doom was written, our fate sealed. Un-
til yesterday there was nothing to look forward
to but death, and the end of humanity on earth.
Deliverance has come! Words are not adequate
to express the thanks we owe to the greatest of
all saviors, Hebor. You see him before you now.
Let him tell you himself of his experiments and
experiences. Here he is!”

  A tremendous ovation greeted Hebor. More
like a child who has committed some trivial
wrong and was about to be reprimanded, than
the idol of the last of mankind, he stepped for-
ward. With a meek little high-pitched voice

that grew stronger and bolder as he progressed,
he spoke.

   “In fear of creating false hopes in your hearts,
because of possible failure, I have kept the exact
nature of my experiments from most of you.

  “When I was still young, when scientists were
still centering all their endeavors on the syste-
matic extermination of the fast overpowering in-
sect pests, their lack of successful results created
within me the conviction that the only hope of
the continued existence of the human race lay in
flight.

  “In my first wild dreams I considered the mi-
gration of our entire remaining population, which
was great then, to another planet. Therefore I
isolated myself in the great, almost forgotten rec-
ord halls, and delved deeply into the recorded
theories and experiments of long dead scientists.
All research along these lines I eagerly perused,
only to find that, according to the great men of
the past, although it had been possible to reach
far out into space, not one of the planets or other
nearby heavenly bodies is capable of sustain-
ing life such as ours.

  “My disappointment was acute, my dream
shattered. Yet I read on, in what I then thought
was a useless endeavor to find some way out of
our difficulty. Quite by chance I came one day
upon the experiments of one Herman Dryfuss in
the year 2416. That was shortly before Ger-
many, the country which he claimed as his fath-
erland, and all the other nations of the earth
banded together in one great democracy for
mutual protection and the advancement of hu-
manity.

   “Dryfuss was the first to prove the old theory
that time is a dimension as is length, breadth,
and height, by making a machine whereby one
could see into past or future, as one wished. At
the time, it created a tremendous sensation, al-
though it was crude and could not function be-
yond a year or two in either direction. An in-
genious plaything it was, not much more.

  “But then came the invention of the Radio-
matic Transportation System, which we use to-
day, to be transferred from one place to another
by means of beam radio transmission (although
now most of our great depots are in a state of
disrepair and useless). With the advent of this
machine the time-gazing instrument was forgot-
ten, and never further developed.

  “In the time-gazing device, however, I saw,
vaguely at first, the means of a possible salvation.
Following plans which were presented in the
volumes I studied, I went immediately to work,
and soon had constructed a working model. It
did all that it was supposed to, but I was not sat-
isfied.

  “Improving the instrument was a difficult
task, but a year later I had before me a time-
gazing device that was as perfect as it was won-
derful. Not only could I see, but hear as well,
into past or future as far as I willed.

  “With its use came the flashing realization
that if it were possible to do this, surely it would
be just as possible to build a machine that would
actually transport one in time.

  “For all these years I have been working on
that. I will not bore you with the obstacles I
372	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

met and overcame. Suffice to say that finally,
only a few days ago, I had completed just such
an instrument.

The Past or the Future?

«XT OW it became necessary to determine

  1>| which way, and how far to go. Rather
than risk actual trips in time to reconnoiter, I de-
cided to use my time-gazing device. I placed
the helmet over my head, and set the dials for a
period of time one hundred years in the future.

  “A terrible scene of destruction lay before me.
Our once great city was nothing more than a
mass of ruins. Buildings had toppled, and where
they had stood lay piles of crumbled glass and
twisted steel. The flies were everywhere. With
no other food to be had, they were viciously bat-
tling amongst themselves, and, as the vanquished
fell, the victorious fell upon them, devouring
them greedily.

  “It was horrible, revolting, disgusting, yet not
without its ray of hope. Surely it meant the ul-
timate destruction of our enemies.

  “Slowly I extended the range of the helmet.
I was right. As the years rolled on before me,
the ponderous insects were becoming fewer and
fewer, succumbing to their own hunger and
greed, until finally, almost a thousand years
hence, none remained.

  “Having determined the nature of the future,
I now reversed the action of the time gazer, and
began to scan the past.

  “Many varied scenes moved before me as I
slowly visited optically civilizations of bygone
days. Scenes of wars and horrors, perils and
strife, inventions and discoveries, misery and des-
pair, peace and contentment, all rolled on before
me in review.

  “Finally I found what I was seeking. Almost
a thousand years in the past I came upon a peace-
ful wood, free of inhabitants and buildings, al-
though not far distant from a large city. Hsre,
possibly was the place for us to live the remaind-
er of our lives in peace and quiet.

  “Before daring to determine a definite course
of action, I felt compelled to investigate thor-
oughly the character and habits of the people of
this period. This I accomplished by again visit-
ing the halls of record. I also wished to give
the time traveler a severe and rigid test. Last
night, therefore, I stepped into it.

  “I set the controlling instruments carefully for
the required distance, reached out, and pulled
the starting lever. There was an ear-splitting
roar. The room faded into nothingness before
me. I grew faint, and lost consciousness alto-
gether.

  “When I came to, the machine was resting in
a quiet forest. I looked about. It was the same
spot I had seen through the gazer.

  “Taking my helmet with me, I stepped to the
ground and strolled off into the restful forest,
glorying in a peace and quiet such as I had never
before experienced. It seemed like paradise to
my worn and ragged nerves. Soothed by the
hitherto unknown quietude, I sat down under a
spreading tree to rest for a moment, and it was
not long before I had fallen fast asleep.

   “I awoke with a start, as one will in a strange
place. My time helmet was missing. I must
have dropped it, unnoticed, while walking. I
hurriedly returned to the time traveler, and pro-
cured my flash lamp, and soon was busily seek-
ing the helmet.

  “The sound of a step nearby interrupted me.
Someone was approaching. To be questioned at
this time, I considered an unnecessary risk, and
therefore left the helmet lying wherever it may
have fallen. I could retrieve it later with ease.
I ran quickly to the traveler and returned, at
once, to you, to spread the news. It was too late
at night then, so here I am.

   “There are now two possibilities. Shall we go
backward in time to the year 1930, or forward
into 4930? My friends, it is up to you. I dare
not take the responsibility upon myself. But
before you decide, allow me to outline to you the
merits and difficulties of both.

  “Should we decide on the former, we would
enter a strange civilization, one that is so differ-
ent from ours that it would take us years to be-
come accustomed to it, if we ever did. We
would surely be looked upon as curiosities, for
we could not hope to remain there for any length
of time without being discovered. As freaks,
perhaps to be exploited.

   “And should we finally be recognized for what
we are, and given a place in that world of the
past, in that huge sea of humanity, though we
could surely help them scientifically, and mech-
anically, we would lose our personality, and
eventually mingle, probably to intermarry with
them. It means certain life, and perhaps a hap-
py one should we reach there, which I am certain
we could do.

   “If, on the other hand, you decide on the lat-
ter course, it means entering a perfect wilderness.
Even the crumbled ruins of these noble buildings
of ours will be less than useless as shelter, if we
find any traces of them at all. It will be heart-
breaking work to even attempt to survive, yet,
with perseverence and diligent toil, we have a
chance, a bare chance to lay the foundation of a
greater, a better civilization than has ever been
dreamt of before.

   “Either course is fraught with peril. Which,
my deaf friends, shall it be?”

THERE was a low murmur from the assembled
multitude, but only for a moment. Then
one of the dwarfs on the floor arose. It was
Palo.

   “Hebor,” he said in a very quiet voice, “our
people are weary, tired of the eternal battle
against odds too great to conquer, yet I believe
I am voicing the opinion of all when I say—let us
go onward, out into the future! I, for one, would
rather perish fighting for a place under the sun,
than live in comparative peace and contentment,
after having begged for it from an alien people.”

   A roar of approval issued from every throat.
“Onward, forward!” was heard from all sides.

   Hebor raised his hand in a gesture calling for
silence.

  “You have decided,” he said. “Let me con-
gratulate you on your courageous and noble de-
cision. Come, then, there is no time like the
THE EMPIRE OF GLASS	373

present. If you will follow into the next room,
and take the places assigned to you in the craft,
we will be off.”

  With an assenting shout the assembled men
and women rose and followed their two leaders
through a large door into an adjourning room.

  This was by far the largest which Preston had
yet seen. It was empty except for the large
machine, the same one he had first observed in
the forest.

  The people of Nork, the last remaining city of
the world, climbed in an orderly fashion into the
cab of the enormous time traveler, and took
places assigned to them by Hebor. A few re-
mained to load crates, bales and boxes into an-
other portion of the craft, which they brought
from out another room. At length they had fin-
ished, and joined the others, and all quietly
awaited the great moment of departure.

  Hebor took his seat at the controls. He turned
to face the others in their rather cramped quar-
ters, and said, “The journey we are about to take
is not without its perils. Our craft is as staunch
and dependable as my few assistants and I could
make it. It has passed to my satisfaction the
most severe tests to which I could submit it. It
should, aye, it must take us to our destination.

  “Yet nothing mechanical is ever perfection.
There is always the one chance in a thousand
that something may go wrong. And when we
do reach our destination there will be all sorts of
tremendous difficulties to overcome. Should

THE

 any of you feel that you prefer to remain, to take
 your chances with the conditions here, now, if
 ever, is the time to speak.”

   There was an unanimous chorus of “No! We
 will go with you.”

   “Good people,” Hebor said solemnly, his voice
 shaking with emotion. “I pray your confidence
 has not been wrongly placed."

   In a dead silence now, he carefully made the
 necessary adjustments on the panel before him.
 With a final glance at the room which was nev-
 er to be looked upon again by mortal eyes, he
 jerked the starting lever.

   With the now familiar sounds the time travel-
 er, with all its occupants, began fading from
 Preston’s view.

   It was growing vague, the sounds fading rap-
 idly.

   Preston reached to turn the knob which would
 enable him to keep the flight of the craft in view.
 An excited, last audible voice came to his ears.
 It was Hebor’s.

   “Quick, Nebo, the helmet! We will need it.
 Press that.button beside you! Hurry!”

   Preston’s head bobbed forward. Some strange
 force seemed to be pulling at the helmet. There
 was a last terrific jerk, and the force subsided.

   Partially dazed his hands went to his head.
 The helmet was gone. Gone with the tiny peo-
 ple of the future on their perilous journey into
 the unknown.

END

FOR THE MAY ISSUE OF WONDER STORIES

                   “Utopia Island"

We are more than pleased to present to our readers
beginning with the May issue the complete novel "Utopia
Island" by Otto von Hanstein. Our readers who have
read the QUARTERLY will no doubt remember his two
other masterpieces—"Between Earth and Moon," and
"Electropolls"—which caused a tremendous stir not only
In Europe, where the stories were published first, but In
the United States as well, when the stories appeared In
the QUARTERLY.

This new story by Otto von Hanstein Is as daring as
his others, and in many respects, tar surpasses them.

The story contains literally dozens of new scientific
prophecies which we have never seen in print before and
which are sure to be realized in the future. Von Han-
stein has even gone Into the field of sports and has
evolved a number of sports unknown at the present time,
all based upon new scientific discoveries.

You will marvel at the versatility and the prophetic in-
Blght of the author In this nerer-to-be-forgotten story.

Ed Earl Repp

adds to his successes by this new Interplanetary tale

“The Beasts of Ban-du~lu”

In which the life forms on a strange world are vividly
portrayed in a story filled with action and terrifying
suspense. We cannot expect human beings on Venus or

Mars. But we can expect life, and Intelligent life. What
will It be like, and how will It react to we human beings?
Mr. Repp tells us.

From a new author comes

 “Worlds to Barter”

 . . . energetically
 written story by

a tremendous story of an ultimatum. "Get out of your
world within 48 hours came the word ... Or else . . .
destruction . . ." But they fought back . . . futilely

John B. Harris

of Bonnie Old England.

Morrison F. Colladay

offers another of his intensely realistic stories

“The Cosmic Gun”

a mystery story In which the fates of nations hang In the balance,
while unknown men labor for justice against terrific odds.

AND OTHERS

IN THE MAY 1931 WONDER STORI ES ON ALL NEWSSTANDS APRIL 1

. stupidly ... in this masterly
                                 (Illustrated by Marchioni)

PATROLMAN Pat Connolly, piloting his light
car across the marshes beyond Bayside,
Long Island, on his way to relieve the man
in the sentry-box at the top of the hill in Douglas-
ton, slowed suddenly; and peered ahead, slight-
ly surprised.

  At four in the morning it was not usual to see
a car parked in a place like this. His surprise
gave way to alarm as, coming nearer, he saw
the legs. The car was drawn over to the side
of the road, and out beyond the left front wheel
stretched a pair of legs—motionless on the
ground.

  Connolly, with a final pressure on the brake
pedal, came to a stop just behind the mysterious
car. A “ride”—another gangster getting “his”;
Connolly quickly concluded. This was a regular

old place for it; not a hundred yards from the
spot, “Tip” Morelli had checked in a couple of
weeks ago. . . .

   “A little break for Pat!” he chuckled
as he climbed from his seat. “I ain’t
found a dead gangster for over a year!”
Swinging his night-stick he approach-
ed the legs; but as he rounded the
front of the car he halted, shocked. J
The body lay in the bright light of
the headlamps—face up, and that
face was distorted in a horrible
expression of disgust; but it
was the throat at which
Connolly gazed
wide-eyed.

“Guy sure

The Avenging Ray

                 By A. Rowley Hilliard
11 •

m®

got it in the neck!” he
muttered. Slowly he
approached, and knelt
down beside the sprawl-
ed figure. “Good God!”
he breathed, for the man’s
throat was rent and torn in
a way that no bullets had ever
done. Blood covered his neck,
and stained the ground beneath.
Suddenly Connolly bent down
intently, catching his breath. From
the torn throat the blood was pulsing. The man
still lived! The officer recognized the need for
immediate action; this man must be got to a doc-
tor. Running back to his car whose engine was
still turning, he drove it up as near the body as
possible.

  He had just alighted, preparatory to lifting the
silent figure, when suddenly, he was hit viciously
by something heavy and hot and furry. The im-
pact of the blow threw him backwards against
the hood of his car.

As the reflector swung around there ran
across the field, a wave of leaping animals,
leaving behind it charred lifeless bodies.

  Indignantly, Officer Connolly raised his arms
to throw off the thing which was clinging to his
shoulders; but, although he was a very powerful
man, his efforts were futile. With sudden hor-
ror he felt a ripping of the high collar of his uni-
form ; and he yelled, and beat the thing with his
fists. A sharp pain at his throat. . . .

  With the realization that he was fighting for
his life his wits returned. His right hand darted
to the holster at his side; and putting the revolver
against the long, heavy body of his assailant he
fired three times.

  In a flash the thing had gone. Dazed and
shaking, Connolly raised his left hand to this
throat; and took it away red and wet.

  “Damn it!” he said; and then, raising his eyes,
he let out another yell. The man on the ground
was almost completely covered by a long, dark
form! Not daring to shoot, Connolly rushed for-
ward, and kicked at the thing with all his
strength. So quickly that his eye could not fol-
low its motions, the thing was upon him, and he
was borne to the ground. Lying flat upon his
WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

back, he fired twice; and was free. Now he
wasted no time.

  Grasping the limp figure, he heaved it into the
car; and leaped into the driver’s seat. But he
was not yet free. Hurtling through the open
side of the car came a third assailant, and he
was knocked violently over against his uncon-
scious companion. Again the heavy weight upon
him, the horrible pain in his throat. . . .

  Desperately, but with infin-
ite care, he fired his last shot.

As if by magic, the creature
was gone. In second gear the
car roared forward—twenty-
five, thirty, thirty-five miles an
hour.

  “Out of it!” breathed Con-
nolly as he shifted into high;
then relief gave place to won-
der—“but, what the hell—?”

Getting no light on this ques-
tion, his thoughts quickly re-
turned to the man by his side.

A doctor!—yes, the first thing
now must be a doctor. Dr.

McCord!—Right across the
road from the Douglaston sen-
try-box; he had seen the sign
hundreds of times. . . .

  At a steady rate of fifty miles
an hour the car had

A. ROWLEY HILLIARD

now crossed the
marshes, and was
ascending the hill.

Houses now and a
traffic light. To
hell with the traf-
fic light! The car
roared on two
blocks, and came
to a grinding stop.

In five seconds
Connolly was on
the porch, ringing
the bell and beat-
ing and kicking the
door.

  “Coming — com-
ing — coming!”
came the shout
from inside, and in
a moment the door
was flung open.

The doctor was at-
tired in his trousers
and slippers. “All
right—what?” he
questioned tersely.

  “Man out here,” snapped Connolly, “losing a
quart of blood a minute. Help me get him!”

WITHOUT a word the doctor followed him
to the car. Together they lifted the limp
figure, and bore it into the house where they laid
it upon a table. The face was a ghastly white.

  Swiftly the doctor worked to staunch the flow
of blood. “Jugular pierced,” he muttered.
“Looks like a bite.”

   “Is a bite!” agreed Connolly. For the first
 time he felt weak; he swayed slightly, and sank
 into a chair. The doctor raised his head.

    “You too?” he said in astonishment.

   “Me too! But tend to him. My jugular ain’t
 pierced, I don’t think. Just groggy.”

   The doctor, however, walked over to examine
                  him. “No, you’re not so bad,” he agreed. “I’ll
                  fix you up in a minute.” Returning to the table,
                  he worked intently, muttering
                  occasionally. “Hospital for
                  this fellow—die before morn-
                  ing without a transfusion—
                  ought to be conscious soon,
                  though—”

                    As if the words had been a
                  signal, the man’s eye-lids flut-
                  tered and opened. Connolly
                  rose, and joined the doctor at
                  his side. His white lips moved.
                  “Louise?” he breathed.

                     A horrible suspicion came to
                   Connolly. “Who is Louise?”
                   he asked tensely.

                    The man made a visible ef-
                 fort. “My wife—she—”

                     “In the car?” Connolly bark-
                   ed.

                   “Yes!”

 Headlong, the officer dashed
 out of the house,

 across the street,
 and flung open the
 door of the sentry-
 box.

“Moran!” he
shouted.

 The officer ad-
 dressed got to his
 feet, and stretched
 himself. “Well,
 it’s about time—”
 he started, and
 then caught a
 glimpse of the oth-
 er. “What the
 hell—”

 “Git a squad car
 and ambulance!”
 snapped Connolly.

Without a word
the other scooped
upa ’phone.
“Squad car—num-
ber 42 box—Doug-
laston — snappy!
Git St. James hos-
pital — ambulance
—same place!” Dropping the ’phone, he turn-
ed to Connolly. “What the hell hit you?”
“Don’t know!”

   “Don’t know?” gasped Moran, but the other
 was gone. Across the street he stumbled, and
 into the house.

   “Fix me up, Doc; an’ give me a drink. I got
 work to do!”

 . The doctor set to work. “Understand, this is
 .only temporary. That neck of yours will have

      NE of the most intriguing nooks in the world
 of science is that presented by the electro-
 magnetic spectrum. Here we have a series of
 energy radiations that, as the wavelength changes,
 changes entirely its character and its effect on hu-
 man life. We have the long radio waves that serve
 as an agent of man for wireless communication
 across thousands of miles; the same types of waves
 shortened become the instrument of keeping him
 warm across the vacuum of space that separates the
 sun from us. Make the waves still shorter and we
 get radiations that make for visible light. These
 long waves are all beneficial agents. But as the
 waves become shorter and shorter beyond visible
 light their character changes and they are not only
 beneficial if properly employed but terribly de-
 structive if misused.

   This gripping and intensely realistic story by the
 author of “The Green Torture” utilizes the above
 idea in a most thrilling manner.
THE AVENGING RAY	377

  to be rather methodically sterilized as soon as
  possible. Here, drink this.”

    Connolly drank, and felt better. “Ambulance
  be here any minute,” he said, “for that guy.
  Got a hunch we won’t need no ambulance where
  I’m goin’!”

    “Just where are you going?” inquired McCord
  with interest.

    Producing his revolver, Connolly began metho-
  dically to reload it. “Down on the marshes,” he
  said, “to find Louise, but I gues? Louise is—”
  Catching the doctor’s eye, he stopped suddenly.
  The man on the table, eyes wide, was staring at
  the ceiling.

    “—Is all right!” finished Connolly heartily.
  “Sure!”

   “What is down on the marshes?” asked Mc-
 Cord intently.

    Connolly scratched his head. “Well,” he ans-
  wered slowly, “I couldn’t rightly say.—Some
  sort of—”

    The harsh wail of a siren from the street stop-
  ped him. “Gotta go!” he muttered, and went
  —on the run.

    “Well, Connolly?” greeted Captain Stecker in-
- terrogatively, as the other came into view.

   “Down on the marshes, sir—a woman in a
 car—got to get her!”

    The Captain placed his hands on his hips.
  “Since when, Connolly, do you need a squad to
  get a woman out of a car?” he inquired ominous-
  ly-

    “There’s other things, sir—some sort of mur-
  derin’ animals!”

    “Murderin’ animals?” repeated Stecker. Sud-
  denly he sniffed. “Connolly, you been drink-
  in’!”

    Officer Connolly’s nerves were badly worn.
  He grunted angrily. “Sure—an’ you'd be drink-
  in’ too if you’d been where I been. There’s a
  guy damn near dead now, an’ there’ll be a wo-
  man dead if we stand here jawin' all night!”
  The other nodded. “Hop in, then,” he snap-
  ped ; and the car, gathering momentum, pounded
  down the hill. “Now what the hell do you mean
  by ‘murdering animals’?”

    “Somethin’,” replied Connolly, shaking his
  head in a puzzled way, “that jumps on you and
  bites your neck.”

    The Captain snorted.

    “ ’Bout the size of a dog,” added Connolly.
  “Pekinese or Saint Bernard?” snarled Stecker.
  “No, like an Airedale—only longer and slim-
  mer.”

   “Hot dog, maybe!” snapped the other. The
 Captain was officially in bed, ar.d that always
 irritated him.

    “Look!” exclaimed Connolly suddenly.

    The powerful searchlight had picked out the
  parked car on the road ahead. And all around
  it dark shadows darted and swirled. At the
  thunderous approach of the police car, however,
  they melted into nothingness.

  The men surrounded the lonely touring car.
  “Somebody in the back seat,” said one. “See?”
  The figure of a woman was sprawled in the
  tonneau—just visible. Stecker mounted the
  running board, and leaned inside.

  “Cold!” he reported tersely. “Here, you guys
—get her out.”

  They lifted the limp figure into the light. The
skin was as blankly white as a sheet of paper.
The mutilated throat told the story.

  “God!” cried Stecker, “There ain’t a drop of
blood left in her!”

CHAPTER II

The Mystery Deepens

AT six o’clock that morning the man in St.
James Hospital rallied enough to make a
short statement, which was, in effect, this:

  He, Joseph Blaine, a resident of Little Neck,
was returning late with his wife from an evening
on Broadway. Just beyond Bayside a front tire
had blown out. His wife, very sleepy, had curl-
ed up in the back seat; he had set about repair-
ing the damage. A few minutes later he had
heard his wife scream loudly, as if in terror. At
almost the same moment he had been hit heav-
ily, and knocked flat upon the ground. His
struggles to rise had been useless, as some sort of
animal was on top of him biting his throat. . . .

  At this point the narrator fainted, and did not
again recover consciousness. He died at a few
minutes after seven before a blood transfusion
could be effected.

  The date was March 11.

  On March 27, Frank Higgins, a real-estate
dealer of Flushing, set out to play a lone round of
golf on the course laid out over a section of the
extensive Municipal Dumps lying between Flush-
ing and Corona. In the early evening, he was
found lying in a sand trap, bloodless, his head al-
most detached.

  Throughout March an ever-increasing number
of complaints concerning the disappearance of
dogs, cats, and other domestic animals, had been
registered in the outlying districts of the Bor-
ough of Queens; and it was an astonishing fact
that not one of the missing animals was ever
recovered. This situation aroused considerable
interest and a certain amount of indignation
against the apparently inactive police.

  But something more than indignation was
aroused in the minds of citizens who, on the
morning of April 3, were startled by the follow-
ing newspaper story:

THREE CHILDREN DISAPPEAR FROM
BAYSIDE PARK
Suggested Connection With Mysterious Loss of
Pets in Last Month

        Three kiddies, all under ten, who, according to
      witnesses, were playing together in the Public
      Park on the eastern outskirts of Bayside could
      not be found at a late hour last night. The chil-
      dren, John Grayson—9, Amelia Grayson—5, and
      Robert Caldwell—7, had been sent to the park in
      the middle of the afternoon by their parents who
      live nearby. When, at six o’clock, they did not
      return, their worried parents set out after them;
      but no trace of them could be found. Police were
      notified, and, aided by alarmed neighbors who
      have been annoyed recently by the wholesale dis-
      appearance of their household pets, they institu-
      ted a search. At ten o’clock last night no re-
      sults had been obtained.
378	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

        Daniel Boles, a neighbor, states that about five
      in the afternoon, when on his way to the Bay-
      side Yacht Club, he saw the children in the park,
      and spoke to them. They were playing with
      pebbles on the shore of the Bayside Inlet. They
      have not been since seen.

        The police suggest a kidnapping, but the dis-
      tracted parents and a number of nearby residents
      fear that the mysterious agency which has caused
      the disappearance of so many dogs, cats, etc., re-
      cently in the vicinity is responsible.

  The bewilderment and uneasiness caused by
this item was considerably increased by the news,
in the evening papers, that the body of one of
the children—John Grayson—had been discover-
ed by a gang of searchers on the marshes, east
of Bayside, “in a mutilated and bloodless condi-
tion”.

  The terrible similarity of this to the cases of
Frank Higgins and Joseph and Louise Blaine
was blazoned forth in banner headlines and front
page editorials. The North Shore of Long Is-
land was becoming alarmed.

THE seven members of the hastily-created com-
mission sat in various attitudes about the huge
mahogany table in one of the conference rooms
of the Municipal Building in New York City.
Their various physical positions were indicative
of the varying mental attitudes of the commis-
sioners towards the matter in hand.

  Major Zorn of the State Militia and Enright
Healy, head of the City Planning Bureau, leaned
back in their chairs with far-away looks—frank-
ly bored. As opposed to them, Dr. Lorian P.
Jules, physicist and zoologist, listened with
strained attention to the remarks of the Chair-
man. The attitudes of the remaining commis-
sioners ranged between these two extremes; and
the group, as a whole, did not appear to be capa-
ble of any very concerted action.

  “To sum up, Gentlemen,” said the Chairman,
by way of concluding his remarks, “we have been
delegated to estimate the importance of certain
things and fatal events recently reported in the
Borough of Queens, and to determine what action
must be taken in the matter.

  “If there is no objection, I suggest that we now
hear from Officer Patrick Connolly of the Queens
Police. He seems to be the only man who has
encountered these—these things, and lived to tell
the tale.”

  At these words Dr. Jules was seen to smile
slightly—rather grimly; but he said nothing, and
merely nodded with the rest of them. At a word
from the Chairman, the attendant left the room,
quickly returning, followed by Officer Connolly
—very stiff and dignified in a new uniform.

  Inspector Kelly, also of the Queensboro Police
and a member of the commission, smiled up at
him. “Connolly, these gentlemen would like to
hear what happened to you on March 11. Stand
at the foot of the table there, and tell us about
it!”

  Connolly made a good witness. He told his
story in a straightforward and simple fashion,
confining himself exclusively to the narration of
facts. In less than ten minutes he had finished.
Six of the men heard him calmly, and with little

show of emotion; but with Dr. Jules it was dif-
ferent.

  Every word appeared to cut him like a knife;
as the story of the tragedy progressed his face
became haggard and lined, and when the nar-
rator told of finding the slain woman he buried
his head in his hands.

  As Connolly finished, Zorn, who had been gaz-
ing abstractedly out of the window, smiled un-
pleasantly. He had been drafted for this job
much against his will. Several important per-
sonal projects had been rudely interrupted, and
he was not feeling particularly friendly towards
anybody or anything.

  “It would appear strange,” said he, “that the
officer did not even so much as glance into the
darkened car on his first visit to the spot. It is pos-
sible that the danger to his own person at the
time might be slightly exaggerated.”

  Connolly went a dark red, but said nothing.
Inspector Kelly gazed coldly at Zorn; then turned
to the officer. “Open up your collar!” he said
grimly. Connolly complied awkwardly, and in
another second a gasp went round the table.
Wide, livid scars zigzagged in every direction on
the muscular neck.

  It was Zorn’s turn to flush deeply. “Sorry,”
he said quickly, “—damn’ sorry!”

  Jules raised his head. “Officer,” he said,
“did you notice any peculiar odor on the scene
of your adventure?”

  Connolly looked startled. “Why, yes sir!
Now that you mention it, there war. a smell some-
thing like a skunk; but I didn’t connect it up with
the other things. Come to think of it though, I
do believe it came from the things I was fight-
in\”

  ULES nodded. “Yes," he said slowly, “it
did! Officer, would you like to know what
the things were that attacked you?”

  “I sure would!” grinned Connolly. The oth-
ers leaned forward with sudden interest.

  “They were weasels,” said Jules quietly.

  The others merely gaped at him. Zorn threw
himself back in his chair with a snort. Utter as-
tonishment showed on every face except that of
the Chairman.

  “B-But, sir—” began the officer eagerly, find-
ing his voice, when the scientist interrupted him.

  “I know what you are going to say. You
would say that weasels are tiny animals which
prey upon rats and chickens, and that there are
no weasels large enough to attack a man.”
“Which there aren’t!” put in Zorn disgustedly.
Dr. Jules raised his hand wearily. “Please
hear me!” he said. “The unhappy truth is that
there do exist weasels of that size and vitality,
and I—” he drew his hand across his forehead,
“—I am responsible for their existence! I am
responsible for the six ghastly deaths we know
of and for all those which are to come—which
must inevitably come. ...”

  Here his voice trailed into silence. He ap-
peared to have aged ten years in an hour. Again
he buried his face in his hands.

  All present gazed at him with startled looks,
as if suddenly doubting his sanity—all except
the Chairman, who now cleared his throat.
THE AVENGING RAY	379

  “I am sure,” he said softly, “that Dr. Jules ex-
aggerates his responsibility in the matter. I, at
least, must share it with him. A year ago he
came to me, because of my position in the Public
Health Department, and warned me that there
was danger from these animals of his. I must
admit that it was some time before he succeeded
in convincing me that the matter was in any way
serious.

  “The affair received very little publicity then;
even the reporters would have none of it—most
of them, anyway. Finally, however, I got a
search going. We pretty well combed the North
Shore as far out as Port Washington, but turned
up nothing definite. Dr. Jules was not satisfied,
but I was—and that was the end of it.”

  Major Zorn, in whose expressive face, incredu-
lity and astonishment were mingled, now spoke
in an awed tone. “Good Lord, it isn’t possible!
Why, I’ve hunted weasels—I know what they’re
like. A weasel that size would be a match for
any ten men!”

  Jules looked up. “You are right,” he said bit-
terly. "They can run like the wind, stop and
turn in a flash, and I have seen them make leaps
of fifty feet and more. Some of their movements
are so quick as to be invisible to the human eye.”
Inspector Kelly whose mouth had been hang-
ing open for the last five minutes now burst into
violent speech. "But where did you see ’em—
where did they come from? What the hell is
this all about, anyway?”

  Jules looked at the Chairman. “Dr. Mat-
thews, my story is not long. May I tell it now—in
my own way?”

  “Yes,” said the Chairman, “it is certainly in
order now.

  Jules started speaking with an obvious effort
to be calm and clear. His hands were folded on
the table; and he stared steadily at them, never
shifting his gaze.

  “Up to a time just about ten years ago,” he be-
gan, “I was a member of the staff of the Zoology
Department at Cornell University. I was also
extremely interested in that division of physics
which deals with the vibration of ether waves
(the waves that, among other things, produce
light and color, as you doubtless understand).

  “I was particularly absorbed, naturally, in the
effects which ether waves of certain frequencies
of vibration—particularly the X-ray—have upon
animal life. It had already been definitely es-
tablished at that time (and I may say with all
modesty that I was one of those who aided in the
proof) that X-ray treatments have a marked ef-
fect upon the reproduction functions of animals.

  “The effect is briefly this: when an animal is
exposed to X-rays for a sufficient length of time,
any physical peculiarities which it may have—
such as size, vitality, disposition, or even deform-
ity—will inevitably be repeated in its offspring.
The fact is rather wellknown by now, and will
be no surprise to most of you.”

  His audience—including Connolly who, at a
smile from the Chairman and a gesture from
Kelly, had seated himself at the lower end of
the table—was eagerly attentive. Several nod-
ded their heads at this juncture.

  “Immediately,” continued Jules steadily,
“there is opened up an extremely attractive line
of activity—attractive to the scientist, at any rate.
It is obviously possible, by judicious use of the
X-ray treatments, to create an evolutionary pro-
cess all one’s own; that is, to deliberately influ-
ence the development of an animal species along
pre-determined lines. All that is needed is time,
patience, and—incidentally—money.

  “I was immensely enthusiastic, but I lacked
that last requirement. And then, suddenly, I got
it! A wealthy relative died, leaving me all that
he posssessed.”

CHAPTER III

Dr. Jules’ Story

HE paused with a faint, reminiscent smile; but
as nobody spoke, he quickly continued.

  “I shall not attempt to describe to you my
joyous enthusiasm at the time; but I should, per-
haps, explain a little more fully the reason for
it. For some time I had been a variance with
most of my colleagues and others working in the
field concerning the type of experiments which
were being conducted. They seemed to me to be
non-productive, brutal, and even ghastly.

  “Thfe almost universal practice was to treat
deformed animals with the X-ray in order to ob-
serve the deformities repeated in the offspring.
Two-headed rats, four-legged chickens, and such
monstrosities were created by the hundreds. As
an inveterate animal-lover, I was in a constant
state of anger and indignation at these purpose-
less operations. What appeared to me to be
worthwhile, as I have already intimated, was the
development and perfection of animal species—
not their degradation.

  “Well, enough of that! At any rate, I was
now free to do as I pleased. I had the means
for my great experiment, and I resolved that it
should be my life work. I would develop an ani-
mal species!”

   Again Jules paused to collect himself, and this
time there was an interruption.

  “And I assume that as a subject you chose
weasels?” questioned Zorn, speaking slowly and
thoughtfully. “Why?”

  “From your tone, Major Zorn, I infer that
you have guessed the reason,” smiled Jules.
Then his face became very serious, as he con-
tinued, “I chose them because of those very char-
acteristics which make them so dangerous now
—their immense vitality, the eager manner in
which they go about the functions of living, and
the ease with which they may be fed. I fixed
upon them after long consideration and study.
I wish now that I had not,” he added simply.

  There was no boredom or lack of interest in
the group now. His seven listeners gazed intent-
ly at Jules as if trying to guess what was coming
next. He continued in a low voice, without
looking up.

  “There was, among my newly-acquired pro-
perties, a small island in the Sound about two
miles from the Long Island shore. It had been
used for a summer home. Without hesitation I
fixed upon it as an ideal scene for my activities.
380	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

There I should be unmolested—and I did not de-
sire publicity. There, I imagined my animals
would be effectively confined.

  “I resigned from the University, and set about
collecting and setting up my elaborate X-ray ap-
paratus. From various parts of the country—
and at considerable expense—I obtained a large
number of live weasels. From among these I
chose ten only—the very largest, finest, and
healthiest. These I treated and turned loose up-
on my island. I had in my employ several good
men who quickly became proficient in catching
and handling the animals. . . .

  "I shall not go into details here concerning my
work, but shall merely sketch briefly the devel-
opments that took place in the ensuing ten years.
That will bring us up to date.

  "Suffice it to say that from the very start I
was successful. The broods of my original ten
consisted, almost without exception, of very fine
animals. But again I treated only those of the
greatest size and vitality—about fifteen in num-
ber. The others I got rid of, naturally.

  “At first, of course, progress was very slow.
I did not spend all of my time on the island—that
was not necessary. I did a good deal of labora-
tory work and study at Columbia University.
But later on matters speeded up so that practi-
cally all of my time was occupied on the island.

  "In three years’ time, there was an appreciable
difference in size between my animals and the
ordinary weasel. I had some specimens four-
teen inches long.* The next year I treated speci-
mens twice the size of the common animal. I ob-
served with immense satisfaction that their agil-
ity was increasing in proportion to their size. I
knew then without a doubt, that I was creating a
new species.

  "It was at this time that I began to notice a
remarkable development, which I had anticipa-
ted only in part. I had known that a subsidiary
effect of the X-ray treatments upon animals was
to increase the frequency of their reproductive
activities, but had not expected any such re-
markable results as I obtained in that line. Daily
I became more and more astonished at the ever-
increasing number of my animals. Estimating
it as closely as I was able, I found that their
numbers were increasing at a rate of at least ten
a day. This rate of reproduction, I may as well
say now, has been increasing somewhat in the
manner of a geometric progression ever since!”

<</"l OOD Lord!” exclaimed Zorn—then: “Go

  \J on, please; I didn’t mean to interrupt.”

  “At the end of five years practically all of my
time was occupied with my work upon the island.
Things were happening a thousand times faster
than I had expected, or even hoped. The in-
crease in size of the creatures was actually no-
ticeable from month to month, due to their ex-
tremely rapid breeding and the accumulative
hereditary tendencies resulting from my persist-
ant X-ray treatments.

  “I was elated. No apprehension or misgivings
found place in my mind, even when the crea-
tures became so large and strong as to be quite

      •The average common weasel is nine inches long.

difficult to handle. I was still treating only the
finest specimens. (At the time of treatment,
they were also branded for convenience in iden-
tification.) The others were slain, and quickly
disposed of, I can assure you. Weasels have no
cannibalistic scruples!

  “Well, to be brief, things progressed faster
and ever faster, until, finally, the project got out
of control. Year after year, I pursued my work
with a fanatical zeal—as it seems now. I be-
lieve that my assistants thought I was mad.

  “Feeding became more and more difficult and
expensive. The island swarmed with the crea-
tures.

  “It was in the eighth year that they finally
developed to the point where they were seriously
dangerous. One of my assistants was attacked,
and badly wounded. It may sound strange to
you, but it is true—that we walked around in
light suits of chain mail, which I had specially
made to protect our bodies. After a time, how-
ever, it became impossible to go out without be-
ing knocked down and badly bruised. The end
was near. . . .

  “One by one, my men left me; and further
treatments became impossible. And at last, a
year ago, I was forced to definitely abandon the
project. As I thought it over, I found that I
could do this cheerfully; for, after all, my ex-
periment had been a success. ...”

  “Decidedly!” murmured Dr. Matthews, almost
to himself.

  “A few of the creatures, which I had managed
to confine in steel cages, I took away with me for
purposes of study and exhibition when I should
make public the report of my work. The re-
mainder, I left to their fate—there seemed to be
nothing else to do. . . . ”

  Now a shadow passed across the narrator’s
face, and he appeared to be in danger of losing
the self-control which he had maintained so long.
His lips tightened, and his brow furrowed.

  “A few days before my final departure from
the island,” he resumed, “I had observed with
some trepidation a number of the creatures tak-
ing to the water on the south side and swimming
off in the direction of the Long Island shoreline.
The thought of this happening preyed upon my
mind continually, and a week later I drove my
launch back to the island.

  “Without the necessity of landing I quickly
saw that there was an almost unbroken line of
them swimming strongly towards the mainland.
I followed their course, and there was no doubt
that a number were reaching their destination.
I wa's astounded—it had never occurred to me
that they would or could do such a thing. . . . ”

  As he paused, Enright Healy, who had hither-
to kept silence, spoke thoughtfully. “The rats
from the dumps on Riker’s Island were swim-
ming over there for years, before we managed
to exterminate them.”

  “True,” admitted Jules uncomfortably, “I
should have forseen it. ... I was mad—or fool-
ish—I don’t know what. . . .

  “Well!” he said more loudly, pulling himself
up, “you have my story. I went to Dr. Matthews,
as he has told you. He was very kind; he did
THE AVENGING RAY	381

his best—but it was like searching for a needle
in a haystack. ...”

  “Thank you, Dr. Jules!” said the Chairman,
rising. “Now, gentlemen, I think we have most
of the facts; but let us sum up. With his per-
mission, I shall ask Dr. Jules a few questions.”

Ready For Action

THERE was considerable restlessness around
the table now, as not a few of the Commis-
sioners looked as if they would like to speak; but
the Chairman continued.

  “We have, then, on a small island two miles
or so from the Queens shoreline, a large col-
ony of the animals which Dr. Jules has described
to us. We have good reason to believe, more-
over, that there is a colony—or colonies—on Long
Island itself; and that more are arriving all the
time. These animals are definitely dangerous
to human beings, are they not, Dr. Jules?”

  “They are,” said Jules. “We have evidence
of that!”

  “And there is good reason to believe that they
are steadily becoming more dangerous?”

  “Yes.”

  “Why?”

  “Because they are doubtless multiplying with
tremendous rapidity, and because—” here Jules
paused, and then concluded with extreme ear-
nestness, “—because they are getting hungry!”
“Will you explain that a little more clearly?”
“I am convinced that the weasels have up to
now been subsisting on the rats and other small
animals which are plentiful in the low-lying reg-
ions where they live. This supply is now be-
coming exhausted, and they are turning to larger
game.”

  “Yes! Well, gentlemen, we have the facts;
and are prepared to consider whatever sugges-
tions any of you may have.” Matthews looked
around, and sat down.

  “Obviously,” burst Qut Healy, “the first thing
to do is to clean up that colony on the island!”
A plane with bombs—both gas and explosive—
would do it in ten minutes.”

  “I don’t know—” began Dr. Jules doubtfully.
“Obviously!” repeated Healy, fixing the other
with an unfriendly eye.	_

  “Please don’t misunderstand me, ’ said Jules
wearily. “I have no objection to the killing of
the creatures; in fact, I have spent tjie better part
of a year studying how it could best be done. . ”
“Well, it doesn’t seem so complicated to me,”
assured Healy complacently. “We’ll kill ’em—
don’t worry!”

  “By the method you suggest, you will certainly
drive them from the island; but as to your killing
many of them, I doubt it!”

  “Now look here,” reassured Healy, “I can have
a dozen police launches and a hundred men on
hand—with plenty of ammunition. I don’t think
that any of those beasts of yours will get very far
by swimming!” He turned to the Chairman.
“How does that sound?”

  Matthews looked around the table questioning-
ly. There was a murmur of assent.

  “I move,” said a Commissioner, “that Mr.
Healy be empowered to carry out his plan.”

  “All in favor,” said Matthews, rising, “so sig-
nify!”

  Five Commissioners so signified. Jules never
looked up.

  “Carried!” said the Chairman decisively. “Now
I suggest that we turn our attention to the prob-
lem in Queensboro itself.” He reseated himself.

  “There, of course,” pointed out Zorn, “is a dif-
ferent proposition. They are not all collected
for us; they are scattered over a large territory.
As far as I can gather,” he added in annoyance,
“nobody has ever had a sight of one!”

  “Yes,” admitted Matthews, “but we know pret-
ty well the kind of place they live in. Dr. Jules,
with his knowledge of their habits, should be
able to indicate pretty well the places most in-
fested.”

  Dr. Jules nodded. “I have here a map on
which I have outlined, to the best of my ability,
the danger areas.” He passed it across the tab-
le. “As you can see, the two worst spots are the
extensive dumps and marshes west of Flushing
and the marshes between Bayside and Douglas-
town. I am certain that there is a considerable
colony at each of those places.”

  “Good!” exclaimed Matthews, “now we are
getting somewhere.”

  “It seems clear,” offered Healy, “that the first
thing to do is surround those places—lay a regu-
lar picket line.”

  “You bet!” agreed Inspector Kelly violently.
“We don’t want any more people killed—that’s a
bad business! Six is enough! But it’ll take an
awful lot of men,” he added, shaking his head
worriedly.

  Major Zorn, who had long since gotten over
his annoyance and was now as keenly interested
as anyone, spoke heartily. “That’s where I come
in, Inspector! I can have two hundred men on
the spot in a couple of days and five hundred
within a week. What about it?”

  “That’s the stuff!” Kelly grinned with relief
and enthusiasm. “We’ll picket ’em so even a
cat couldn’t get out!”

  “You will not be dealing with cats,” reminded
Jules in a troubled voice. “Your plan is, of
course, the only possible one at the moment; but
I must warn you in all earnestness that every man
will be in serious danger. Why, one of the crea-
tures could leap clear over the head of a stand-
ing man—or more likely upon his head!” he fin-
ished grimly.

  “Well, we can see, and we can shoot, I guess!”
contended Kelly confidently. “We might even
make some little sallies into the enemies’ terri-
tory—eh, Major?”

  Zorn smiled, and nodded; but it was to Jules
that he spoke. “I suppose the real action will
be at night?” he questioned.

  “Exactly! The weasels do most of their hunt-
ing then. During the daylight hours they stick
pretty close to their burrows. You will need all
the light you can get.”

  “Bonfires and searchlights,” murmured Zorn.
“We’ll do the best we can.”
382	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

CHAPTER IV

The Offensive Begins

AGAIN the Chairman rose, and went through
the formality of taking the vote which was
this time unanimous. “Now, gentlemen, we are
not quite out of the woods,” he continued, smil-
ing. “To finish the job up right we must exter-
minate the species; and it is supremely urgent
that we get after the animals in Queensboro
without delay.”

  For the third time Healy was first with a sug-
gestion. “Why not use the same tactics? When
we have the bad spots well surrounded we can
bomb the things from a plane—not with gas,
of course, but—”

  Dr. Jules leaped excitedly to his feet. “Mr.
Chairman! I am strongly opposed to the sug-
gestion. It won’t work. I know—” here he
hesitated, looking desperately around the board.
The sympathies of the group were not with him.
Suddenly, however, he had a saving idea. “Mr.
Chairman, I suggest that Mr. Healy wait to ob-
serve the results of his attack on the island be-
fore he tries it on the mainland!”

  Matthews looked around. Several were nod-
ding thoughtfully. “That seems quite reason-
able,” he agreed. “We must, of course, proceed
with caution.” He looked questioningly at
Healy.

  “I agree,” said that gentleman shortly.

  Jules sank down with a sigh of relief. The
Chairman, however, now looked at him inquir-
ingly. “Dr. Jules mentioned a while ago that
he has been working for some time on our pres-
ent problem. Undoubtedly he will have an al-
ternative suggestion.”

  Jules’ whole manner suggested that this was
a question he had been dreading. Pain and un-
certainty were only too evident in his expression.

  “You gentlemen will think me a fool,” he be-
gan brokenly, “when I admit that I have only
one meagre idea—and that not at all sure of suc-
cess. I may exaggerate the deadliness of those
—those damnable creatures—I don’t know. . ”
“But what I do know,” he continued with a
haggard seriousness that drew the astonished at-
tention of all, “is that mankind has never had to
deal with anything like them before! I, who
long ago objected to monstrosities, have created
monsters a thousand times more horrible. They
are not creatures of this earth—they are products
of my rash and mistaken science. Through my
criminal efforts hundreds—nay, thousands—of
innocent human beings shall meet their deaths.
God!—I—”

  “Now, Dr. Jules,” put in Matthews kindly, “I
am sure it is not as bad as all that! Hadn’t you
better tell us your plan?”

  To the relief of all, this suggestion appeared
to calm the scientist. When he spoke his man-
ner was almost businesslike.

  “Yes—yes! Well, two months ago I hit upon
a wea'pon which I believed could be used against
them. As a test I tried it on those that I had con-
fined. They died—and I was glad! I hated
them—they were vicious and evil—their red eyes
stared at me horribly—”

  “And the weapon was?” reminded Matthews.
“Disease! For weeks since’then I have been
working day and night to perfect a serum which
is now^eady to be used. ...”

  “Humph!” grunted Healy, and his tone re-
flected the attitude of a number of the Commis-
sioners. Others, however, appeared keenly in-
terested.

  “Your idea is to capture a number of the ani-
mals and inoculate them, in the hope that they
will spread the disease?” offered Zorn.

  “Yes—and I am anxious to see what I can do,"
he looked appealingly at the Chairman.

  “To me,” stated Matthews, "Dr. Jules’ idea
seems very good. Its one drawback is, of course,
that the process would be slow. But we should,
in my opinion, be guilty of extreme negligence
if we failed to take advantage of the services
of one who knows more about the subject in hand
than all the rest of us put together!” He smiled
around the table.

  “I propose,” said Zorn instantly, “that Dr.
Jules be given free rein to act as he sees fit—as

I	have no doubt that he is anxious to give all his
time to this matter; and that he be empowered
to call upon me or upon Inspector Kelly for any
helpers that he may need at any time.”

  There was no opposition to this motion, and the
vote was unanimous.

  Kelly stirred uneasily in his chair. "It seems
to me,” he burst out suddenly, “—'though it may
be a small matter—that Dr. Jules ought to have

somebody with him—regular, I mean.....

Like a body-guard, because it’s goin’ to be dan-
gerous business.” He paused uncertainly; then
grinned. “If a big-shot gangster gets five or six,
the doctor ought to rate one—anyhow!”

  “Very true, Inspector!” agreed Matthews.
Jules was looking much happier, now that his
work was definitely cut out for him. “Then I
have a request to make,” he said. “I have been
very much impressed by the bravery and effi-
ciency of Officer Connolly on that horrible night.

I	should be delighted if I could have him with
me—that is, if he would like it. . . . ”
Connolly’s eager face left no doubt on that
score.

  “No trouble at all!” said Kelly heartily.
“Then, gentlemen,” said the Chairman, rising,
“I think we have done all that we can, for the
time being. Has anyone anything further to
say?”

  There was no word.

  “Then let us adjourn. Undoubtedly we shall
meet again—let us hope, cheerfully. For the
present, I think I am safe in saying that we have
earned our lunch!”

r'J the bright morning sunlight, three days later,
a procession of ten police launches filed
through Hell Gate; and, passing close to Welfare
and Biker’s Islands, roared out upon the waters
of the Sound.

  Officer Pat Connolly—very proud of his new
official status—leaned over the rail of the fore-
most and largest launch, gazing cheerfully ahead.
Beside him, on a heavy standard, stood a machine
gun of business-like appearance; and upon the
THE AVENGING RAY	383

top of this his right hand rested in proprietary
fashion.

  Dr. Jules, who had been talking to the pilot,
now came forward, and stood beside him. His
appearance and whole demeanor were consider-
ably improved. Action of any sort was a tonic
after long days and nights of worry and dread.

  “Well, Officer,” he greeted cheerfully, “I
guess you are planning a little revenge party;—
is that it?”

  Half unconsciously Connolly raised a hand to
his throat. “That’s right, sir,” he agreed de-
voutly, “I’m goin’ to pot a few of the beasts if
Lizzie here don’t clog on me!”

  Jules regarded the vicious-looking weapon.
“You understand this type of gun?”

  “Sure do! Used one all through the war. . .
Took it to bed with me, even—’cause it was most
generally warm, y’see.”

  The other smiled; but his thoughts were al-
ready upon other matters.

  “That’s how I happened to get this one this
morning,” explained Connolly.

For a time both men were silent, gazing ab-
stractedly at the foamy waves which dashed
away from the side of the speeding boat. Then:
“Have you seen the morning papers?” asked
Jules in a peculiar voice.

  “Yes sir,” said Connolly, shifting uneasily.
The scare headlines proclaiming the news of
three more casualties during the night still
danced unpleasantly before his eyes. Each morn-
ing they were larger and more terrifying. All
the front pages now carried boxes with statis-
tics; “Known Dead—9, Missing—6, Wounded—
3, (all policemen)”—so ran the morning’s score.
Editorial departments were in a seething rage.

“It’s bad, sir; but Zorn’s coming in today with
a regular army. Things’ll be better tonight.”
“Let us hope so, Connolly!” breathed Jules
fervently. But after a pause he persisted: “Did
you happen to read last night’s Star?”

  “Why, yes sir,” admitted the other, still more
uncomfortably. Then he burst out hotly, “An’
of all the damn’—excuse me, sir!—of all the
crazy bunk I ever seen—! ‘Criminal negligence’,
huh?—why they practically called you a murder-
er—an’ you workin’ an’ sweatin’ blood! What’ve
they been doin’? Gosh, I—”

  “Thank you, Connolly!” interrupted Jules
quietly. “But a good deal of what they say is
true. I have been as a child playing with fire.”
Officer Connolly shook his head, grumblingly,
and subsided. They listened to the swish of the
water, as the launch raced onward. The ugly
shoreline of Astoria had now slipped by, and
they were further out, opposite Corona.'

  “A beautiful morning!” commented Jules.

  It was. In the sunlight the little, dancing
waves shone and flashed brilliantly. In a cloud-
less sky the April sun was getting warm for the
first time, and the dozen or so policemen on the
deck sprawled in lazy attitudes, obviously en-
joying themselves.

  “How much farther is it, sir?”

  “Look almost straight ahead—a little to the
left.”

  Connolly saw a tiny island, dark against the
brightness of the water. He studied it curiously

as it grew before them. It was well wooded,
though the trees were not large; and soon he
made out a great, low, rambling house near the
center.

  “I don’t see anything alive, sir,” he complained.

  “Wait!”

  The launch had now dropped to half speed,
and was nosing in towards the shore. The oth-
ers followed suit, and ranged themselves at ran-
dom along side.

  “Watch!” exclaimed Jules suddenly.

  A kingfisher, which had been swooping and
darting above them, had now retired to the shore,
and come to rest on the bare branch of a tree
some fifteen feet above the ground.

  “What, sir?”

  “The bird, man—the bird! See?—on the—”

  From a clump of bushes a dark streak shot into
the air. The startled bird was snatched vicious-
ly as it attempted to fly; and a great brown crea-
ture dropped lightly to the ground, already maul-
ing its prey.

The Attack!

THE men on the boat gazed at it—open-
mouthed, silent. The long, powerful body
was humped in the center, like a great bent
spring; the head was bullet-shaped and ugly;
there was about the whole animal a suggestion
of terrible power and deadliness that sent shiv-
ers up and down Connolly’s neck. He hated it
instinctively—it was somehow repulsive—evil. .

  “Gosh!” he breathed, “weasels was never
meant to be that big!”

  Jules answered him grimly. “You are right,
Officer Connolly! What nature never meant to
do, I have done. ...”

  There were excited exclamations as, drawn by
the scent of blood, several more of the creatures
appeared; two—five—seven—a dozen, writhing
about and uttering harsh, screaming cries. But
nothing was left of the meagre prey except a few
feathers, and within a minute the shore was
again unoccupied. Loud comment and conver-
sation, mingled with jokes of the “Let’s go ashore
and have a picnic!” type, broke out upon all the
boats.

  “No—nature never meant those things to be,”
continued Jules sadly. “To a scientist is given
great power—for knowledge is power. If he is
a rash fool, and uses it to tamper with nature’s
plans, he must pay—and others must pay. . . ”

  Officer Connolly was beginning to wish fer-
vently that he had held his peace, when a low
drone in the sky created a diversion.

  “Here she comes!” he exclaimed.

  “I must speak to the officer in charge,” mut-
tered Jules; and, turning, he walked quickly aft.

  Their engines picking up, the launches swung
around, and retreated from the island. At a dis-
tance of a quarter of a mile they formed in an
orderly line about a hundred feet apart. The
plane—a huge tri-motored bomber—now circled
lazily above them.

Connolly—suddenly bewildered—was relieved
when, a moment later, Dr. Jules rejoined him.

  “Say!” he objected, “I thought we were going
to surround them.”
384	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  “Captain Jones agrees with me that we had
best concentrate our forces on the south side,”
explained Jules. “The animals that start north
will not be likely to get anywhere.”

  “Gee! I’m dumb,” admitted the other sheep-
ishly. “Guess I expected ’em to swim all the
way to Connecticut!”

  “I doubt whether many will try it; they will
come this way. They have uncanny instincts.”
He looked worriedly up and down the line. “I’m
afraid our force is very weak,” he muttered. “I
tried my best to get them to send more boats and
men, but—”

  From the top of the cabin behind them three
shots rang out—a prearranged signal to the men
above. With a roar the plane swooped over the
island. In the clear air the falling projectile
was easily seen. . . .

 BOOM!

  Into the air shot a great column of dirt and
debris.

  “Hope he keeps right on bein’ a good shot!”
grinned Connolly, as the plane circled back.
“Boy, I’m glad the wind is blowing north! When
he starts usin’ gas we don’t have to wear these
things.” He kicked a mask lying on the deck.

  “We wouldn’t use much gas otherwise,” com-
mented Jules. “There are the people on the
shore to think about. ...”

 BOOM! BOOM!

  “Coupla bull’s-eyes!” exulted Connolly; and
then, suddenly: “Good night!—Look!”

  The whole shore and visible surface of the is-
land appeared to be moving—swirling, eddying,
leaping. Angry, unearthly screams filled the
air.

  “There’s millions of ’em!” he gasped; and,
tight-lipped, set to work at his gun. “Gotta get
Lizzie ready!”

  The great plane had circled again.—CRASH!
“Gas!” shouted Connolly; suddenly he seemed
to freeze—“What about ships out in the Sound?
Good night!”

  Jules was quick to reassure him. “A general
warning has been circulated for three days. It
is this wind that we have been waiting for, you
see.

  “There you are!” he exclaimed suddenly. “Get
ready!”

A HUNDRED yards out something was moving
towards them in the water. Small ripples in
the form of a V stretched out behind it.

  “You can come a little nearer, Mister,” greet-
ed Connolly grimly. “I ain’t goin’ to waste no
shots on you!” He squatted behind his machine,
waiting. The thing came steadily on. Soon
they could see its bullet head and red eyes. . . .
Rat-tat-tat-tat-tat!

  It swerved to the left, but did not stop. Five
more shots, Connolly pumped out. Now its pace
slowed, and its course became irregular.

  “Good night!” he growled disgustedly, “Do I
have to put enough lead in 'em to sink ’em?”
“You are not shooting dogs,” reminded Jules.
“Well, that’s all he gets,” decided the officer,
“’cause here’s another!” He swung his mach-
ine around, and again it rattled forth a stream
of lead.

  Now desultory firing had begun all up and
down the line. Steadily the volleys became more
prolonged, as there came from the island an ever-
increasing number of the swimming animals.
Soon the surface of the water was dotted with
their heads—poor targets at the best.

  The men lined the rails, firing steadily—load-
ing and reloading with swift intentness. Faster
and more desperately they worked as their tar-
gets multiplied from tens—to hundreds—to thou-
sands. . . .

  On and on the battle raged. The banging of
rifles, the rattle of machine guns, the sharp
whine of ricochetting bullets, the occasional ex-
plosions from the island—all merged into a ter-
rific uproar which never slackened.

  “They’re gettin’ by!” shouted Connolly, vic-
iously slamming a fresh magazine into his gun.

  Dr. Jules, who had long since found a weapon,
and was using it to the best of his ability, merely
nodded.

  It was true. Long lines of moving heads
stretched away behind the boats. Connolly
snatched a moment to look around. “About
half!” he snapped, and swore bitterly. He duck-
ed involuntarily as a glancing bullet whistled
over his head. Some of the men, demoralized,
were shooting between the boats.

   “Hell!” said he.

  Captain Jones, a stock, red-faced man, leaped
to the top of the cabin. “Shoot north, yu fools!”
he bellowed. “One shot to a beast!” The word
was passed along. Jones came puffing forward.

  “No use chasin’ ’em up, Doctor—with more
cornin’ all the time—huh?”

  Jules nodded.

  “We’re runnin’ low on shells,” said the Cap-
tain heavily. “Can’t keep this up forever!”

  Again Dr. Jules merely nodded. His face was
set and hard. He fired regularly—methodically.

  On and on went the steady din. Men sweated
and swore at jammed guns or mislaid ammuni-
tion. Time passed. . . .

  And then—shortly after noon—the firing
slackened. Ammunition was giving out. Some
boats had none at all, and the men stood around,
helpless and irritable. The numbers of the
swimming animals had greatly decreased, but
soon those that still came went past unmolested.
The battle was over. . . .

   Officer Connolly, his last round of shots fired,
spat disgustedly at his smoking weapon. His
face, lined with sweat and grease, showed dis-
couragement and an ever-rising hint of some-
thing more. He looked at Dr. Jules hesitantly—
almost pleadingly. . . .

  “We ain’t done much good, have we sir?”

  Slowly Jules turned, and looked at him from
haggard eyes.

  “We have done immeasurable harm,” he said
tonelessly.

CHAPTER V

The Enemy Retaliates

ON a lonely and unused road, their figures
vaguely outlined in the night, ten men played
at a grim game—grim in its very simplicity. As
THE AVENGING RAY	385

they strolled aimlessly about, or stood talking
softly in groups and pairs, there appeared in
their manner and bearing a certain tense expect-
ancy.

  They were within the danger zone. At a rad-
ius of two miles there stretched around the spot
a circle of blazing fires and white, darting lights,
which was the picket line. No cars no\v passed
along the road which, two weeks ago, Officer
Connolly had used; and the remote circle of light
served only to make darker the place where the
men waited.

  Strapped about the neck of each was a high
collar of heavy leather; and at the belt, in addi-
tion to an automatic of large caliber, hung a
small, strongly built instrument resembling a doc-
tor’s syringe. Five were policemen, four—mili-
tiamen, and the last—Dr. Jules.

  Jules’ call for “nine men willing to undertake
a very dangerous but necessary work” had been
speedily answered. With his picked volunteers
about him he had briefly explained what must
be done; outlined the advantages and disadvan-
tages of different methods of procedure; and,
finally, divulged his own daring plan. The
men’s first astonishment had quickly turned to
enthusiasm and hearty approval. . . .

  “Of course, gentlemen,” Jules had explained,
in conclusion, “there is little danger of a mass
attack unless blood is drawn. The creatures are,
essentially, lone hunters; but the scent of blood
will draw them by the hundreds. If, therefore,”
he emphasized seriously, “so much as a drop of
blood is shed, we must retreat. We shall have
two armoured cars for that purpose, and they
will be ready tonight with all necessary equip-
ment.

  “I cannot tell you how grateful I am for your
cooperation and faith in me. . . . I—I—Well,
goodbye until tonight!”

  Afterwards, Patrolman Dugan, speaking to his
friend Connolly, nodded his head weightily; and
declared, “I don’t know much about these here
scientists, as a general thing—but there’s one
that’s a man!"

  “You said it!1’ agreed Officer Connolly.

  Now, on the scene of action, Dr. Jules paced
up and down impatiently, his head bent, his
hands clasped behind his back. To the occa-
sional remarks addressed to him he replied in
curt monosyllables or mere gestures. The con-
stant strain under which he laboured made it
difficult for him to be friendly. The men real-
ized this; and, during the nights they had spent
with him, had come to respect him tremendously
for it.

  “Yes,” said Connolly, conversing in low tones
with Patrolman Dugan, “he’s the only guy on
this job that knows what he’s doin’. You oughta
seen that big shot Healy eatin’ out of Doc’s hand
after he pulled that boner bombin’ the island!
‘Yes, Doctc •,!’ was all he sez when Doc tells him
to start gettin’ in a big supply of lumber an’ con-
crete an’ buildin’ materials. ...”

  “What for?” gaped Dugan.

  “Well, I don’t rightly know,” said the other,
scratching his head, “but this is a bigger thing
than most people realizes—except Doc. . . .
You can be sure that—”

  With a thud and loud, startled exclamation
one of the men whb had wandered slightly apart
from the group toppled to earth. The others
faced about, straining to see. The game was
on. . . .

  Even as the great creature upon him tore ang-
rily at his protecting collar the prostrate man
snatched the syringe from his belt. Deep into
the furry body he jabbed the sharp needle. . . .

  “Come!” he yelled breathlessly as he pressed
home the plunger.

  His nine companions pounded forward, shout-
ing and discharging their pistols into the air.
Their violent sally had the desired effect. In a
flash the attacker was gone. An angry scream
floated back. . . .

  “Four for me!” gasped the shaken man, strug-
gling to his feet. Ruefully he rubbed the back
of his head. “I think we oughta spread some
mattresses around to fall on!”

i	i "TV ON’T worry,” grinned Connolly, critically

  U examining the other’s collar, “there’s one
more weasel that’ll have worse than a headache
by mornin’! Let’s see—that makes twenty-sev-
en sick weasels in four nights. Not bad. ...”

  “Let us hope that there are three times that
many by this time!” amended Dr. Jules, who,
with the help of a flashlight, was busy recharg-
ing the syringe from a bottle which he carried.

  Swiftly the men were reloading guns. Half-
filled magazines were not popular. ... “If you
can’t scare ’em away, let ’em have it direct!”
was the first law of the game. That had been
necessary once. You had to be a good shot. . .

  Suddenly a long, harsh wail rent the air, rising
and falling, ever growing louder. The men
peered into each other’s faces in quick surprise.

  “What the—?”

  “Siren!”

  “Cornin’ this way—”

  Down the hill from Douglaston roared a great
car. Behind it came another—and yet another
—more. . . .

  “Off the road!”—the men retreated.

  “Squad cars!” muttered Connolly, “—a whole
percession! They gone crazy?”

  Now they were thundering past. The last one
slowed with a squealing of rubber. A hoarse
shout:

  “The beasts are runnin’ wild in Flushing. . . .
Need every man!”

  It was gone.

  “Come!” snapped Jules.

  They tumbled into their two cars; and, motors
sputtering into life, swung around and took the
trail. Up the hill, past the line of gaping sol-
diers—through Bayside. Down the wide boule-
vard, lined with running crowds—past Auburn-
dale. On to Murray Hill. . . .

  Jules was rattling out directions through tight
lips.

  “Attics—tops of houses—cellars!. . . . Get
the other men—scatter—spread the word. . . .
Remember, windows are no protection unless
high up!. . . . The devils will be blood-mad—
no let-up’til morning. . . . Fight!”

As they bore down upon Flushing, there met
them an evergrowing wave of sound—a pan-
386	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

demonium of shots, yells, and screams—the wild,
angry screams of the hunters—the terrified,
helpless cries of the hunted. Figures ran stumb-
lingly, futilely through the streets—other figures
leaped and bounded with deadly accuracy.

  The cars careened into brightly-lighted Main
Street, and one by one the men leaped to the
ground—only to stand frozen for a moment by
what they saw. Then, cursing bitterly, they
sprang into action, passing back Jules’ orders to
those behind, dispersing in all directions.

  “Oh, good God!” groaned Jules. Connolly’s
face was red with fury.

  The broad street was strewn with bodies of
the dead and dying. The rows of shops, where
people had vainly sought shelter behind fragile
glass, were rows of human slaughter houses. And
still there ran and leaped and screamed the
blood-crazed killers. Among them, hundreds of
dauntless but hopelessly confused soldiers and
policemen ran in circles, firing futile shots. Up-
per windows were lined with pale, horror-strick-
en faces.

  “Look out!” barked Connolly—too late. From
the doorway of a shop hurtled a long, lithe form,
flinging Jules violently to earth. His eyes blaz-
ing, the officer took careful aim; and fired four
times. As the beast sprung away there came
panting up to them a man in uniform, hatless and
blood-stained. It was Major Zorn.

  “Doctor,” he entreated, “get out of this Hell
—you will be needed—your life is precious—”
“No!” grated Jules, struggling up, “I have
work here. . . . Where is Kelly?”

  “At the subway station.”

  “Are the trains running?”

  “As best as the mob will let ’em; but they’re
crazy wild, fighting and trampling each other
to get in. Kelly’s got two hundred men there
trying to stand off the beasts, but it’s only a mat-
ter of time. ...”

  “Are the beasts spreading out?”

  “Up every street!—diving through windows—
God!”

  “Send squads of men up every street,” snapped
Jules. “Get the people in attics—doors locked!”
“Right!”

  “Drive to the subway, Connolly!”—and Jules
leaped into the nearest car. In four minutes
they were there.

  “Kelly!”

  “What?—what the—”

  “Kelly!—I want six men!”

  “Here, six of you—pile in that car! All right,
Doctor?”

  “Can I have you for five minutes?”

  “Shoot!” snapped Inspector Kelly, leaping to
the running board.

  “To the local telephone exchange!” directed
Jules.	-

A World Awakened

ON the way he shouted to Kelly the outlines
of his plan.

“Good!” nodded the officer grimly, “—they’ll
do it, all right!”

  “Bars on the windows!” breathed Jules, as

  they skidded to a stop before a small, square
building, “—Wonderful!”

  They burst in.

  “Chief Operator!” bellowed Kelly.

  A small, frightened man came forward.
“Yes—?”

  “We want every line yu got. . . . You’re goin’
to call every number yu got!. ...”

   “B-But, sir, it would take a long time. . . . ”
“I don’t give a damn how long it takes! Start
now! Here’s six men to help yu if you’re short-
handed.”

  “But what would we say?”

  “You will say,” put in Jules, “these words:
‘Awaken everyone. Go to your attic. Lock the
door.’—That is all. You will save hundreds of
lives!”

   “All right—all right!” stuttered the little man.
“I can use five more men. . . . See? Here and
here and here—yes, that’s right. . . . Now
look. . . . ”—excitedly he instructed them.

  “An’ listen—yu ain’t handlin’ no other calls,
see?” added Inspector Kelly belligerently.

  “Yes sir!”

  “O.K.—Now I’m goin’. ...”

  “Take my car,” offered Jules.

  “Thanks!”—and Kelly flung out into the night.
The line of operators swung into action: the
dialing—the wait—the crisply spoken message—
the dialing—the wait. . . .

  Jules, frowning, came to a decision. “Don’t
wait more than two minutes for an answer,” he
ordered. “We can’t waste time.”

  “And now, Connolly, you and the other officer
watch them, so that you can take your turns.

  Outside the uproar was dying down somewhat.
Screams and volleys of shots now came from
widely separated points. Several times heavy
bodies crashed against the bars at the window,
but they caused no cessation of the work within.
The clicking of the dials, the monotonous repeti-
tions of the voices—on and on it went. Hour
after hour. . . .

  Ceaselessly Jules paced the floor. “Awaken
everyone—go to your attic—lock the door—
awaken everyone—go to your attic. ...” His
head whirled. Was there nothing else to do.
For the hundredth time he racked his tired brain.
Nothing!

  He looked at his watch. Three-thirty! Would
this awful night never end?

  When an operator crumpled up, and rolled
from his seat, Connolly swung into his place.
"One—three—eight—seven—up!” muttered the
man, and closed his eyes. Clumsily the officer
to work.

  On and on. . . . Jules felt that he was going
mad. Still those screams! Each one cut him
like a knife. Some were near, but most were
far away. . . . Was ever a night so long. . . . ?

  And then, of a sudden, the sky was gray; and
the noise outside had ceased. They were slink-
ing to their burrows now—he knew them well
enough for that! But still he waited—waited
until the first rays of the sun glanced along the
ground. Then:

  “Enough!” he said.

  In the ghastly shambles that was Main Street,
Flushing, a little group of men stood about a
THE AVENGING RAY	387

prostrate figure. Silently they looked down at
the body of Major Rugert Zorn, Militiaman. His
head was rolled back in the gutter, his throat a
red horror; his wide, sightless eyes gazed up at
the day that had come too late.

  A sudden stream of curses from Inspector Kel-
ly ended in a choking sob. . . .

  “He was a great guy! I got to know him
good. ...”

  Without raising his head Jules spoke in a low
tone, as if addressing Zorn.

  “How did the whole thing start—last night?”

  With an effort Kelly achieved a matter-of-fact
tone. “A soldier got killed. In ten minutes
there was two hundred of the brutes there. There
was no holding ’em. ...”

  “There will be no holding them,” murmured
Jules. He put a hand to his forehead, sway-
ing slightly.

  “It is the end. . . . They have tasted human
blood. They have known the joy of killing men.
There is something new in the world—a terrible,
merciless tribe—hunters of men. ...”

   Silently his knees doubled, and he pitched for-
ward across the body of Zorn.

CHAPTER VI

The Exodus

BY nine o’clock that morning every roadway
leading into New York was choked with load-
ed cars. The railroad and subway platforms
bore struggling, sweating mobs; the rumbling
trains were filled to the last inch of space. All
day long across the East River bridges, moved
unbroken lines of vehicles. Extra ferry boats
and water craft of all kinds were pressed into
service. The great exodus had begun. . . .

  All day long the telegraph and telephone wires
between New York, Albany, and Washington
were worked to capacity, with the result that,
shortly after noon, a state of martial law was de-
clared to exist throughout the Boroughs of Brook-
lyn and Queens; and the residents of Queens-
boro were summarily ordered from their homes.
Brooklyn, with its two million inhabitants, was a
different matter.

  And in a large, white hospital room in Man-
hattan that matter was being discussed.

  “ ‘Protect Brooklyn’—orders from the War De-
partment!” grated Healy. He raised his hand
in an expressive gesture. “ ‘Protect Brooklyn’!
What about all the soldiers they’re sending in?
About half the standing army, if I get it right.
What do they plan to do if not protect Brook-
lyn?”

  Dr. Jules stirred uneasily on the bed. “Sol-
diers are vulnerable. They are only human, af-
ter all. As a temporary protection, we must
have them—yes.” He pulled himself to a sitting
posture, and continued with an incisive finality,
“Healy, we must wall in Brooklyn! That is what
‘Protect Brooklyn’ means. I have been in con-
stant touch with Washington for a week. I
know!”

  “Wall in Brooklyn? Build a wall around it?”
stormed Healy.

  “It is not as bad as all that. Topography fav-
ors us. Here, bring me your map!”

  Healy spread it on the bed. Jules traced the
lines with his forefinger. “Look! Starting
down the Newtown Creek from East River—
straight across to Jamaica Bay. It is scarcely
seven miles. That will be all that is necessary.”
“You’re right!” agreed the other, relieved.
“How much time have we?”

  “You must move with all possible speed. See!
Down the marshes of the Flushing Creek, through
the low-lands and dumps of Maspeth, the crea-
tures are spreading. No time must be lost!

  “You will have thousands of willing workers
at your command—only too eager to save their
homes. Without trouble you will be able to
commandeer trucks, vehicles of all kinds—all
that you can use. ...”

  Already Healy was at the telephone, his map
spread out before him. “Hello—Morris! Get
a map of Brooklyn—now, get this!” Skillfully
he traced the line of the fortification.

  “Drop everything! Get down there. . . .
Lay it out! Grab what you want from every
lumber yard and builder in Brooklyn. I’ll fix
that. . . . Wait!”

Jules had interrupted. “Wait—this will cut
your work in half: Utilize buildings and struc-
tures of all sorts. A street lined with houses—
windows boarded up—is your wall half made!”
“Right!—Good! Get this Morris. ...”

  So the work was begun. Healy left for City
Hall. Jules lay back with eyes closed—but in
half an hour Inspector Kelly was with him.
“How you feeling, Doctor?”

  “Better. I shall be up this afternoon.”
“Wish you’d stay where you are ’til tomorrow.
You’re tuckered out! After all, there ain’t noth-
in’ to do but help the people get out. They don’t
need much urgin’! It’s mainly a traffic job.”

  “I suppose you are sending a number of them
farther out the island?”

  “Sure!—we got to. . . . About half of them.
Even at that we can never get ’em all out today.
It’s a mess!”

  “What preparations are being made for the
night?”

  “We’re gettin’ organized. Goin’ to use banks
and jails—places with bars on ’em. Attics for
the rest of ’em—that worked good last night. . .
Gee, you done a good job!”

JULES smiled wanly. Then he became very
serious.

  “Do you realize, Inspector, that the whole of
Long Island with the exception of Brooklyn—
which we shall protect as best we can—must be
evacuated before we are through with this aw-
ful business?”

  Jules’ associates, including Inspector Kelly,
had gotten into the habit of accepting his lightest
words as undoubted truths; but now the officer
could not suppress an exclamation of astonish-
ment.

  “Good Lord! Why?”

  “There is no other way. The territory must
be surrendered. Until then our hands are tied
by the very presence of human beings, and the
scourge will flourish.” He sighed. “Disease
388	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

has failed, since we can no longer hold the beasts
from spreading.”

  “Well,” considered Kelly slowly, “there’s noth-
in’ to keep the railroad trains from running. . .
And ships will take care of the rest. . . . It’ll be
a big job! When it’s done—what then?”

  “That, I am sorry, I am not at liberty to tell
you!” said Dr. Jules.

  Hour after hour, throughout a day only too
short, the great migration continued. Manhat-
tan was hopelessly over-run. Every hotel, ev-
ery available shelter was quickly filled to over-
flowing; and long, unbroken lines of the refugees
stretched onward, north into New York State,
west and south into New Jersey and Pennsyl-
vania. Homeless, to a large extent destitute,
they nevertheless gave thanks for their safety;
and pitied those not so fortunate.

  And, beginning at four o’clock, from north and
south and west fleets of heavy trucks laden with
soldiers entered the city; and, rumbling out
across the bridges, were greeted with the heart-
felt cheers of the frightened people.

  As dusk began to fall, the streets cleared of
humanity, as if by magic. Only soldiers re-
mained visible, placed in large detachments at
strategic points—at the heads of bridges, and, in
Brooklyn, four deep along the already-well-de-
fined line of the fortifications.

  And when the long night had finally passed
people poured thankfully out into the light to
learn that the beasts were spreading. Even as
they prepared to take the roads to safety, they
told each other in awed voices of the incredible
distances covered by the mad, blood-hungry kill-
ers; of the unexpected casualties away out on the
island; of the soldiers that had died. . . .

  This day was a repetition of the last. Dr.
Jules, again on his feet and, followed by the
dogged Connolly, argued relentlessly for a
second great wall along the Manhattan shore of
the East River. The authorities were doubtful.
But that night, when there were seven violent
deaths in the Bowery and three in fashionable
Tudor City, he had won his point. Before noon
on the morrow the labor had started. The diffi-
culties were tremendous, but when men are des-
perate much can be done.

  Every truck and available vehicle in the city
was commandeered to haul lumber, cement, and
steel from far and near. Tens of thousands of
able-bodied men, skilled and unskilled, were
pressed into service. At night, lines of soldiers,
aided by hundreds of powerful searchlights,
guarded the shore as best they could. So, day
after day, the tremendous structure grew;—and
in the great metropolis all ordinary business was
at a standstill. . . .

  Meanwhile, the evacuation of Long Island con-
tinued, proceding automatically at first, but
speeded after a week by Dr. Jules who emerged
from a long and constant communication with
Washington with a definite order, covering the
whole territory. By boat and train people aban-
doned their homes—and gradually, as days grew
into weeks, the evacuation was complete. In
many cases force had to be used. That was in-
evitable. Many casualties occurred—the death
lists still grew. Under such conditions accidents

—miscalculations—are unavoidable. But even
violent death may become a commonplace. . . .

   Dr. Jules left for Washington.

CHAPTER VII
Helpless!

PRECISELY a month after its first meeting,
the Emergency Commission reconvened
about the long table in the conference room in the
Municipal Building in New York City. But
where there had been seven, now there were
five; and, whereas before, only one had been ser-
iously worried, now, they were all definitely un-
comfortable.

  “Dr. Jules has telegraphed that he will be
late,” Matthews informed them.

  This news was received in silence—a silence
that continued minute after minute, steadily be-
coming more oppressive. A stranger, looking on,
would have been astonished at this novel method
of conducting a meeting—astonished that five
such responsible looking men could sit so long
and say nothing.

   As a matter of fact, the silence of each was
similar to that of a school boy who has not learn-
ed his lesson, and fears that at any moment his
ignorance may be discovered. For each Com-
missioner was groping desperately in his mind
for a solution to the problem which confronted
them—and not finding it.

  Time and again they pictured in their minds
the situation. Long Island alive with dangerous
creatures—real, purposeful enemies of mankind.
Manhattan and Brooklyn reasonably well-pro-
tected. But the creatures multiplying with in-
sect-like rapidity were becoming maddened by
hunger. The doubtful safety of Staten Island,
New Jersey, the Bronx, Westchester—all the sur-
rounding Mainland. The fearful uncertainty of
what the creatures, rendered desperate by hun-
ger, might be capable of. . . .

   Each man recalled yividly the scene along the
high walls. The growing swarms of great beasts.
The crowds of people covering every vantage
point—packed on the roofs of buildings, lining
the top of the wall itself—gazing in endless won-
der and awe at these things that leaped, and
screamed for their blood. . . .

  Dr. Matthews cleared his throat. “Well,” he
said, “I see no reason why we should not discuss
the situation, and consider what is to be done.
I fear there is no escaping the fact that our best
efforts have, up to now, been dismal failures;
although I cannot see what we could have done
that we did not. As a body we have done little
to help matters. I need hardly say that this is
our last chance. . . . Now, what is to be done?”

   “I know several things that cannot be done—if
that is any help!” answered Healy with bitter
irony.

  “Even negative ideas might conceivably be
useful, Mr. Healy,” insisted the unsmiling Mat-
thews.

   “Well, in the first place,” began Healy irri-
tably, “we can’t attack the things; our hands are
tied there. The whole country around is up in
arms. You know what happened when we
THE AVENGING RAY	389

bombed that little island! You can’t blame ’em
for that. We don’t know what the beasts can do;
nobody does. If a hundred thousand or more
of ’em started swimming, there’s not much doubt
that a lot of ’em would get somewhere. . . .
Then—well, I don’t have to talk about that!”
There was no comment. Each man had gone
over this a hundred times in his mind. The
beasts running free on the mainland! Beyond
that point they refused to think. . . .

  “On the other hand,” snarled Healy, “we can’t
let ’em alone, either. In another week they’ll
have eaten everything there is to eat—and then
what’ll they do? Start swimming anyway!. . ”
“Couldn’t we,” offered one of the others hesi-
tantly, “get a lot of boats—enough to take care
of them when they started to do that?”

  “Yeah!” sneered Healy, “we’d look pretty
trying to stop them at night in the water,
wouldn’t we? If we had a net about fifty miles
long we might do something towards stopping
them—sure!

  “To sum up, then,” concluded Healy with mock
ceremony, “we cannot molest the creatures, and
we cannot let them alone. ... Do I hear any
suggestions?”

  “Hardly a useful conclusion!” snapped Mat-
thews.

  “Hardly expected it would bei” returned the
other.

  Inspector Kelly’s inborn dislike of bickering
made him attempt a diversion.

  “The other day I was talkin’ to Captain Reilly
—he’s a Staten Island man. We came to about
the same conclusions as Mr. Healy. ‘Then,’ says
Reilly, ‘there’s only one thing for you to do—you
got to feed ’em, and keep ’em contented!’ ”

THIS sally was received with silent indignation
by the others, and Kelly subsided.

  “Perhaps,” pursued the Chairman, after a
pause, “it would be suggestive for us to outline
the characteristics which a weapon must have,
to be used against them. First and foremost, of
course, it must be something that will not drive
them from the island. ...”

  “That’s the whole thing!” put in Healy.

  “But the minute we go after them, they’ll start
to swim,” objected Kelly. “We can’t very well
try to kill them, and keep it a secret from them!”
“We must!” insisted Matthews. “There we
have the first requirement: it must kill without
alarming them. ...”

  “That means instantaneous death,” one of the
others pointed out, “—not an easy thing to try
on those brutes!”

  “Yes,” agreed the Chairman, “unless we can
attack each and every one of them at the same
moment—which is, of course, ridiculous—death
must come swiftly and silently so as not to alarm
the others. . . . Second requirement: it must kill
instantaneously.”

  "Some sort of odourless gas—” began the oth-
er, but even as he spoke he shook his head vigor-
ously.

  “Not geographically feasible. . . . Third re-
quirement:” pursued Matthews methodically, “it
must be under perfect control.”

  “Disease?”

  “Much too slow!. . . . Fourth: it must do the
entire work in a very short time. ...”

  “Now there’s a riddle for you!” burst out Kel-
ly.

  “Yes, that is a riddle—and without an answer,
I am afraid,” adnfitted Matthews in discourage-
ment.

  A blank silence fell. Men wrestled with the
problem for a moment, only to drop it in despair
—and in despair they looked ahead to the conse-
quences of their failure. . . .

  “There is no such weapon,” groaned Healy.
“Only an Act of God could do all that!”

  Silence again. Shortly after the Chairman
had glanced at his watch for the fourth time, the
door swung open; and Dr. Jules walked in, close-
ly followed by Officer Connolly.

  The five men looked up with immense relief.
Any interruption would have been a relief just
then.

  “I am very sorry to be so late, but I missed a
train,” he apologized briskly. His step, as he
came forward, was also brisk. His manner
caused the men about the table to look at him in-
tently.

  “No trouble, Doctor!” greeted Matthews. “You
have not missed anything of importance, I fear.”

  “What have you done?” Jules inquired crisply.

  “Next to nothing. We have tried to conceive
of a method of procedure, but the objections to
all are so serious—”

  “I think I understand those objections—and I
think I have what you want.”

  They gazed at him, astonished and incredu-
lous. He stood at the end of the table, his hands
resting flat upon it; and leaned forward earnest-
ly.

  “But first I must beg from each of you a pledge
of absolute secrecy. Not one word of what I am
going to tell you must be repeated. I am per-
mitted to speak to you only upon that condition.

The Death Ray!

SLIGHTLY bewildered, they quickly gave their
consent. Jules continued rapidly: “Tonight,
from Washington, will arrive what we need.
What it is, and how it came to be, I shall briefly
explain.

  “As you know, I am a physicist. I have al-
ways been particularly interested in wave mo-
tion. Naturally I have studied and worked with
radio waves since they were first utilized. That
is why I have been closely identified with the
developments which I am about to describe.

  “For broadcasting purposes radio waves are
sent out in all directions like ripples in the water
from a falling stone or light waves from an iso-
lated lamp. No other method of using them was
known for a long time. Later, however, Mar-
coni and others began to wonder if they might
not be directed—controlled. If the light waves
from a lamp could be concentrated into a beam
by a reflector, they argued, why could not radio
waves be treated in the same way?

  “The chief obstacle in their path was their fail-
ure to produce waves short enough for the pur-
pose. Reflectors of tremendous proportions
would have been necessary to change the direc-
390	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

tion of such long waves. Improved vacuum
tubes, however, later cleared up this difficulty.
They got waves of approximately ten centimeters
in length, which was what they wanted. Suc-
cess crowned their efforts; radio beams were a
fact . . . You have, of course, heard rumors of
various ‘radio power’ projects?”

  They assented. Unable to understand where
all this was leading them, they nevertheless lis-
tened with avid attention. Here was a man who
spoke with authority, even though the general
trend of his remarks was confusing.

  “Yes! Well, the secret of it is this: when
power of sufficient quantity—a few kilowatts—
is concentrated in such a beam, the air in the path
becomes ionized; that is, from a natural insula-
tor it changes to a rather good conductor of elec-
tricity. The beam, therefore, becomes, in effect,
the same as an ordinary copper wire, in that it
can be used to transmit electric power—and no
radio receiving set is needed at the other end.

  “Well, so much for the underlying principle of
the thing. Now we shall see how it applies to
our problem. And what I say from here on, you
must keep religiously to yourselves.”

  He looked around. They all nodded reassur-
ingly.

  “It is a lamentable fact,” he continued, “that
the nations of this earth are constantly preparing
to do each other harm when the excuse or the
necessity shall arise. Governments are contin-
ually on the lookout for new and more efficient
lethal machines. It was not long before certain
far-sighted individuals in our own War Depart-
ment began to appreciate the possibilities of ‘ra
dio power’. Certain American scientists, who
had made a specialty of the work, were sum-
moned to Washington. Many of them are still
there. That was six years ago; and now the
most closely-guarded secret our government
keeps is that of the development of this newest
and deadliest weapon of warfare, which is no
more nor less than a process of wholesale elec-
trocution!”

  He paused, as startled exclamations and mur-
murs of amazement broke out around the table.
In another moment, however, a hush of tense ex-
pectancy prevailed. . . .

  “When I first realized what a danger to man-
kind my experiments had created, I begged for
one of the very efficient machines they possess
to use on my small island. I was laughed at.
I kept at them. It was discouraging; I became
very unpopular. If the secret got out, they said,
terrific diplomatic complications would surely
ensue. . . .

  "Since then they have gradually come to und-
erstand that the preservation of human life and
the safety of the people at large can be of more
importance than even a government secret.”

  “And now—?” breathed Matthews tensely,
half rising from his chair.

  “And now, gentlemen,” concluded Jules tri-
umphantly, “we are to use the Death Ray!”

ACROSS the bridge and into Brooklyn rolled
an automobile.

  “Of course, this morning we shall merely

make a test. The real work must be done at
night,” said Dr. Jules.

  “Why is that, sir?” asked Officer Connolly,
who was driving.

  “Because, although thousands of the famished
creatures now come out of their burrows in the
daytime, we cannot be sure of getting them all
until night. I am sure you could have guessed
that, Connolly!”

  “But sir, I thought the Death Ray pierced right
through everything!”

“—Except the ground,” Jules finished for him.
“You see, the ground is one half of the circuit—
the ray being the other. Thus, things under
ground are not affected. Do you understand?”
“Yes sir!”

  They were heading east through Brooklyn.
Hurrying crowds moved their way. . . . The ru-
mor that something unusual was in the offing
had spread fast.

  “How about the young ones—them that don’t
come out at all?” said Connolly, struck with sud-
den apprehension. Then he answered himself:
“Oh sure, but they would soon starve!”

  “Yes. Also, I plan to keep one machine on
hand long after we have finished with the others
to clean up anything we may have missed. ...”
Now they had come within sight of the great
fortification, moving at a snail’s pace through the
dense crowd.

  “Left,” directed Jules. Connolly turned into
the street running along the back of the wall.
Three blocks more, and before them, blocking the
road, stood an immense motor truck. They
alighted beside it. It was larger than the largest
moving van, and painted a sombre, unrelieved
black. The men who worked around it wore no
uniforms or insignia—merely overalls. How it
had got there; why it was there; what it was—
the crowd did not know, but speculation was rife
as they studied it curiously from where a cordon
of police held them in check.

  Matthews, Healy, and the other Commission-
ers, who had been examining it at closer range,
now greeted Jules in a body.

  “Good morning, Doctor! Could you possibly
find time to explain this monster to us?” asked
Matthews eagerly.

  “Certainly! It is really very simple. . . .
Look first on top,”—he indicated what appeared
to be a large searchlight on a standard projecting
from the roof—“That is the wave reflector, and
inside it is the antenna. That reflector is a very
ingenious piece of work; not only can it be swung
around in any direction and up or down, but it
also can be focussed, to broaden or narrow the
wave beam—just as a searchlight is focussed.
Its controls, inside the truck, are coupled with
the wattage supply control so that the power is
increased when the beam is widened—which is
of course necessary.

  “Now come inside. See, here is the short-
wave set, and that is the motor-driven generator
which supplies the power. . . . That is all that
needs explaining, I think.”

  “But sir,” objected Connolly, after a pause
during which all the others had appeared satis-
fied, “what about the ground connection? On
a motor truck, I mean, I don’t see—”
THE AVENGING RAY	391

  “Good, Officer! Do you see that great spool,
at the back? On it is five miles of copper wire.
The end is well grounded. The truck goes ahead,
until it is all out. . . . Rewind by motor; ground
it. . . . Repeat!”

  “Smart!” approved Officer Connolly, scratch-
ing his head, admiringly. Here was science that
he could understand. . . .

  “How are the animals this morning?” asked
Jules. “Are there enough on hand for a good
experiment?”

  “Just climb up, and take a look!” said Kelly,
“But I guess you can hear ’em anyway.”

  “Yes, the question was more or less rhetori-
cal!”—and Jules, ascending a ladder to the roof
of the truck, leaped to the top of the wall. The
open field which adjoined the wall at this point,
was literally over-run with the lean, hungry-
looking creatures. He noticed that they were
under-mining the wall, and wondered how far
they had got. . . .

  “Well, he called, turning, “we might as well
see what we can do!”

Triumph!

HASTILY his companions joined him, anxious
to miss nothing.

“Please be careful not to step in front of this,”
cautioned Jules, placing his hand on the large
reflector. “You might easily spoil our day!
Ready below?”

  “Yes sir!”

   He directed the men at the controls, whose vis-
ion was obstructed by the wall: “Down a bit. . .
To the left. . . . Right! Now, give it a ten-de-
gree beam. ... All ready—Shoot!. ...”

  A tremendous yell arose from the surrounding
house-tops—a shout of mingled astonishment and
delight.

  “Boy, oh boy! Ready, aim, fire! Gosh. . .
stuttered Connolly.

   For even as the word left Jules’ mouth a circu-
lar group of the weasels—over thirty in number
—leaped convulsively into the air; and fell back,
limp and black, upon a blackened circle of earth
from which all sign of grass had instantaneously
melted.

  “Swing left ten points!”

  And, as the reflector swung around, there ran
across the field at terrific speed a wave of leap-
ing animals leaving behind it no more than a
blackened swathe of their charred and lifeless
bodies. The other animals scarcely noticed
them, but appeared to be much more interested
in the roar of the crowd.

  The crowd was cheering and stamping its en-
thusiastic approval of the proceedings: “Finish
’em!. . . . Give’em—give ’em the Death Ray!”
That old, vague, familiar phrase was suddenly
taking on real meaning before their eyes. They
were not long naming it.

  “Open out the beam ten degrees!” ordered
Jules.

  With the change of focus the black circle grew
with lightning rapidity. In a moment there was
nothing alive on the field. A small shack on the
opposite edge was blazing brightly.

With the exception of a few muffled exclama-

tions Jules’ companions had remained silent
throughout the exhibition. One by one, they
now shook him silently by the hand. The crowd,
sensing from this pantomime who was the hero
of the occasion, redoubled its tumult. Jules
gazed about him with moist, bright eyes—happy
for the first time in many months. . . .

  In a large automobile, headed back to Man-
hattan, they all talked excitedly—yet purpose-
fully. Maps must be studied, lines of advance
planned, preparations made for the night. Jules
explained that the property damage would not
be great, because the power of the fays had been
carefully calculated to be fatal to all life, but to
do as little damage beyond that as possible. Of
course many wooden structures would burn—
but only those with an exceptionally high mois-
ture content. Relatively dry wood was not in-
jured by the rays. All vegetation must be des-
troyed—that could not be helped. . . .

  But it was not of property damage that they
talked; it was of the final destruction of their
hitherto unconquerable foes, and it was Officer
Connolly—his jubilation making it impossible for
him to keep properly silent—who best summed
up the situation, when he said, “They got more
X-ray than they deserved. . . . Now they’re gon-
na get more death-ray than they want!”

*	* * *

  In a week the work was done. By night the
great trucks rumbled along the highroads and
byroads—heading ever eastward. Their great
spreading rays, visible in the darkness, shone a
ghastly blue as they swept relentlessly back and
forth—onward and onward. By day the tire-
less men laboured over maps, carefully laying
out the routes for the following nights. Daily
the danger from the beasts became less. Mil-
lions of people breathed more freely; thousands
looked forward thankfully to the time when they
would return to their homes. And when, fin-
ally, the great blue rays swept over the farther-
most tips of Long Island, the news aroused the
nation to rejoicing; for those mysterious and ter-
rifying creatures, the hunters of men, were no
more. . . .

  And the following evening seven exhausted
men relaxed comfortably together, and enjoyed
their after-dinner cigars.

  “Yes,” Healy was saying, “there is a big clean-
up job to do, but there are plenty of soldiers
around; and—oh, the devil with it!. . . . Lord!
it’s great to relax, and stop worrying!”

  Inspector Kelly was looking at Dr. Jules with
a twinkle in his eye. “By the way, where are
all those trucks you had around here? It’s fun-
ny, but they just seemed to disappear!”
“Trucks?” said Jules, innocently, “what
trucks?”

  “Oh, I don’t know—I just seem to remember
seein’ some around; but where they came from
or where they went, I don’t know. . . . Mighty
mysterious about that! Most people seem to
think you just made ’em in your bsck yard. . . ”
“I think he still has one,” put in Matthews.
“Just in case he should decide to ‘control an evo-
lutionary process’, and need it all of a sudden!”
(Continued on Page 428)
 The Inverted World

By J* Rogers Ullrich

(Illustrated by Volga)]

           There was a blinding greenish flash that struck Lambert squarely in the
           face just as the machine burst with a crash.

392
THE INVERTED WORLD

WHEN my friend, Dr. George Anthony,
phoned me in agitated tones, to come to
see him, I dressed rapidly and drove mad-
ly through the greyness of dawn to his house.

  When he admitted me, he placed a finger
warningly to his lips, and ushered me into his
private office. His face was haggard; his eyes
red-rimmed and bloodshot; his chin needed shav-
ing; and his head looked as tousled as if he had
spent the night running ner-
vous fingers through his hair.

  Finally, he showed me to a
chair, fretfully adjusted the
drawn shades so that no light
from his office might reveal to
passers-by the persons in the
room and paced restlessly
about the library table he used
as a desk. Finally he spoke in
a hoarse whisper, “I’m in
trouble, and you’ve got to help
me out.”

  “Take it easy, George,” I
said. “I saw that the minute
you let me in. Now calm
yourself, sit down,” I drew up a
chair for him, “and tell me
all about it.”

  He sat down, twined his fin-
gers together and rubbed his
palms tensely
against each other.

Once he opened his
mouth to speak,
hesitated, summon-
ed up his courage
and began.

  “The most terri-
ble thing has hap-
pened. You know
Harry Lambert,
don’t you?” I nod-
ded. Harry, whom
I had met socially,
was head of Lam-
b e r t Associates,

Inc., advertising
consultants, and a
wealthy bachelor,
of good family, and
consequently
known t o more
people than were
known to him.

George continued,
in the same nerve-
wracked whisper.

“He’s here!”

  “Where?” I asked looking around, feeling a
bit uncomfortable that his jumpiness should have
communicated itself to me.

  “Upstairs,” he said. “This is % second day,
he’s been here. He just stands there, looking out
the window, with his eyes wide open. He doesn’t
say a word, when I talk to him. I tried to get
him to lie down, but he pushed me away as if he
neither saw nor heard me. I took him by the
arm to drag him, but I could no more move him,

393

than I could a skyscraper. I don’t know what to
do.”

  “How did he get up there?” I askd.

  “He’s in my X-ray laboratory,” George ans-
wered. “He came here yesterday about nine in
the morning, and told me that he had a dull pain
in his right cheek-bone, from a punch in a drunk-
en brawl at a night club. It didn’t bother him,
until he went to bed night before last, and the
pain kept him awake. I look-
ed at it pretty carefully, but
superficial examination show-
ed neither bruise, nor fracture,
so I took him up to be x-rayed.”
As George paused to com-
pose himself, I asked whether
Lambert had acted queerly in
any way.

  “Why, not at all,” was his
response. “I’m to blame for
his condition. That’s just the
trouble. It’s all my stupid
carelessness. I f anything
went wrong with him, I’d be
ruined. I can’t even call in
another doctor.”

  “Get a hold on yourself,
man,” I shouted sharply. He
placed a warning hand over my
mouth, which annoyed me still
further because
the house, as far as
I could tell from
m y impressions
since arriving, was
deserted except for
the two of us, and
the impassive Lam-
bert in the labora-
tory, upstairs. I
shook off his hand
and continued,
“Tell me what hap-
pened,—what you
did; but don’t
waste time.”

  “All right, all
right, but don’t
shout,” he snapped
at me. “I took
him upstairs, posed
him before t he
X-ray tube, adjust-
ed the plates, and
turned on the pow-
er. He was stand-
ing silently, and I
meanwhile, know-
ing I had a moment to myself, wandered over to
a table where the piece of buorlitite lay—”
“Buorlitite?” I interrupted, “what in blazes is
buorlitite?”

  “It’s a metallic ore, possibly a meteoric frag-
ment, that a friend of mine on a polar expedition
found and sent me, knowing I would be interest-
ed. I had been examining it for some time, that
is I got it about two weeks ago; sort of playing
around with it, trying to fathom its chemical

J. ROGERS ULLRICH

 WE have come to learn that the world we see and
 know is not necessarily the real world that
 exists. It is only the world that our senses
 can grasp and convey to us. We are conscious of the
 world only through those five senses, and it is the
 impressions that those senses convey to our brains
 that constitute our world.

   It would only be necessary, therefore, that our
 senses be distorted in some fashion to create a new
 world for us. A change in color, a change in our
 sensual feeling of things, a change in our sound per-
 ceptions would give us a new field of existence.

   What force or power could cause these changes,
 we do not know. But certainly there is no reason
 for stating that none exist. We know that many
 people are “afflicted”, as we call it, with color blind-
 ness, which merely means that their sense of color
 is different from ours, and many people can hear
 sounds that we do not perceive. Here is a story of
 a “new world” thrilling and realistic.
394	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

composition. ...”

  Knowing George to be the kind of fellow who
is interested in a great many things at once, be-
ing a positive fanatic in his zealous curiosity
about the wonders of science, I felt that I would
never get him to finish telling me about Lambert
unless I kept after him. I interrupted him again.

  “Save that for later. What’s that got to do
with Lambert?”

  “Everything!” was his astonishing reply. “Ev-
erything ! I picked it up idly, looked at it for a
moment, turning it over in my hands, and walked
back to where Lambert stood, thinking I would
talk to him about it after I had finished X-raying
his cheek. Then it happened.

  “I hadn’t stepped within six feet of him, when
suddenly, the buorlitite flew from my hand, just
as if some magnetic power had snatched it from
me. Helplessly, faster than I can describe it, I
watched it fly at the X-ray tube. Then there
was a blinding greenish flash that struck Lam-
bert squarely in the face, and knocked him down,
just as the X-ray machine burst with a crash,
and toppled in the other direction, away from
Lambert. Otherwise it would have crushed him.

UT STOOD there for a minute petrified. Then
J. I jumped toward Lambert, but as I started,
he rose to his feet like a man in a daze, and
turned automatically toward the window. I
asked him what was the matter. He didn’t ans-
wer. I pleaded with him to talk to me, but he
acted as if I wasn’t in the room. I tried to get
in front of him, but he put out his arm, like a
rod of iron, and shoved me aside. I grabbed his
wrist, and felt his pulse. It was beating stead-
ily, a little faster than normal, just like the pulse
of a man who it watching an exciting race.

  “He let me do that, as if he didn’t care what
I did so long as I didn’t bother him. I stayed
with him for hours, watching him. I realized I
could do nothing so I went down, panic-stricken
that my servants might have heard the noise.
But it seems they hadn’t so I told them to take a
vacation for a week. I stayed with them until
they left like a murderer, fearful lest someone
find the body of his victim. Then I rushed back,
to the room upstairs.

  “But Lambert was standing just as I had left
him. The bell down-stairs rang several times
but I ignored it. Later I tried to get him to lie
down, but I told you what happened. He
wouldn’t budge. I haven’t been able to sleep
since. I thought you could help me—advise me,
so I phoned you.”

  The poor fellow put his face in his hands, and
I heard his shuddering sigh.

  “The first thing to do is phone his office, as
soon as it’s nine o’clock and say that you’re his
doctor; that he is staying with you for a few
days, and that there’s nothing to worry about.
Then call up his valet, or some servant at his
home, and say the same thing except that Mr.
Lambert does not wish his whereabouts known,
and all who inquire are to be told that he is out
of town. Meanwhile, keep your shirt on, and
let’s go up and look at him.”

  I had to lift George out of his chair before I
could get him to go up again. As we stood in

the corridor, outside of the laboratory he turned
to me again, but I motioned for him to open the
door. He took a key-ring out of his pocket,
fumblingly found the right key, and soon swung
the door open. I stepped in first.

   It was brighter in the laboratory than I had
expected, for the sun was beginning to rise. I
could see a man standing in front of a window,
his back toward me. He was staring steadily
out into the open, his chin tilted slightly upward,
as if he were looking over the tops of the big
apartment buildings beyond the park which
faced George’s house. We made our way past
the slate topped tables, bearing racks of assorted
bottles, retorts, jars, and tubes, some empty, oth-
ers filled with chemicals; and finally I stood at
Lambert’s side, the shattered X-ray machine on
the floor behind him.

   At first he looked lifeless, but I soon detected
that his chest rose and fell slightly as he breathed,
that his cheeks looked warm with the color of
life, and that his eyes were wide-open and re-
flected the light flooding the world outside. I
called his name. He did not answer.

  “Speak to me!” I commanded. He stood as
one deaf.

  I moved nearer to him and took his arm. I
felt the muscle and bone, warm and living, but
he ignored me. I started to move in front of
him, but the arm I had just touched swung out
and threw me aside as inexorably as a tank mov-
ing through underbrush.

  As I turned around in astonishment, I found
George watching me with hopeless, anxious eyes.
I took him by the arm, and led him to a stool at
one of the tables. I made him sit down, and
drew up another stool for myself.

  “Lie down on the table, and go to sleep,” I
said. “I’ll sit here and watch.” He was about
to protest, but I went on. “As soon as I think
out a plan; I’ll wake you up.”

  In a few moments, the poor fellow was fast
asleep. I sat silently watching Lambert, who
stood as impassive as ever before the window.
The noises of the awakened city came into the
room—the rattling of wheels, the annoyed
squawkings of auto horns, voices of people walk-
ing by, the rat-tat-tatting of riveters on some
building out of sight, and the shrill whistle of a
traffic-cop somewhere in the vicinity.

  In all my years as a newspaperman, I had
never known of a situation such as this. I tried
to draw on the memories of my experiences and
reading for some plan of action for Anthony,
but it was useless. There was nothing to do but
wait until Lambert came out of his trance, or col-
lapsed. I knew he could not stand that way
forever, so I sat and waited. Besides, my cur-
iosity demanded that I be present to see what
happened. The explanation, if there ever was
one, would make an interesting story for my pa-
per—an exclusive story, at that.

   I looked at my watch. It was ten minutes af-
ter nine. I hurried downstairs to George’s of-
fice, phoned Lambert’s office, and then his home.
At both places they listened to my story without
comment, as if they were accustomed to such
ahsences of Lambert’s. Then I returned to the
THE INVERTED WORLD	395

laboratory, where George still slept, and Lam-
bert stood just as I had left him.

  I remembered the buorlitite, and walked up to
the wrecked machine. After a minute’s search,
I found a piece of metallic ore, veined with red
streaks, and covered with a soot, which came off
on my fingers. The soot and the recollection of
the greenish flash convinced me that it was the
buorlitite.

I RETURNED to my stool, and sat examining
the ore. There was no question that it had
been subjected to great heat, as little crevices in
its surface showed that it had almost burst open.
The rough surface of these cracks contrasted with
the smoothness of the remaining surface worn
shiny by centuries of burial in the shifting soil of
the glacier regions was sufficient testimony to
the fact that it was a recent and terrific heat that
generated the gases within the ore which burst
through its polished surface. I knew enough
about science to understand that.

  I continued examining the buorlitite, wonder-
ing about its origin, and its flight to the earth.
I sat thus idly as the hours wore on, and George
continued to sleep. Suddenly, I looked at Lam-
bert.

  He had been standing upright, staring out the
window. Now he had slumped against the wall,
beside the window, one hand clutching the sill
to keep from falling. His head sagged, resting
against the window frame. I shook George.
He awoke with a frightened start.

  “Look,” I said, and pointed toward Lambert,
who was beginning to sway. George rushed past
me, and caught him just as he was about to fall.
With mutual understanding, we carried Lam-
bert into George’s bedroom and laid him on the
bed. His eyes were shut and he was already
fast asleep. George felt his pulse again, and
listening to his breathing, turned to me with the
first smile he had shown since he called me.

  “It’s all right, now,” he said, his voice strong-
er. “He’ll sleep for hours. God, I’m glad he
came back.”

  “O.K., George,” I said. “I’ll rush down to the
office. If he wakes before I get back, call me
there, will you ? ” I didn’t want to lose the story,
and Lambert surely should have one to tell on
waking.

  “Oh, he won’t wake before morning at the ear-
liest,” he said. “You be here early tomorrow.
I’ll hold him, and won’t let him talk until you
come. I know what you’re after.”

  He was himself again, so I winked at him, and
left.

CHAPTER II
Lambert’s Vision

WHEN I reached his house the next morning,
the men were already awake and at break-
fast.

  “Hello,” said George, as he met me at the
door, “Lambert’s none the worse for his exper-
ience. We’ve been waiting for you. I sent
over to the hotel for a meal. You’ll join us,
won’t you?”

  Having eaten already I declined, but was de-
lighted to see how alive and gay George had be-
come ; how different he was from the harassed,
half-crazy individual who had greeted me the
day before. He took me into his dining room,
and presented me to Lambert, who greeted me
cheerfully.

  The man looked as fresh as if he had just come
from the bath. His cheeks were glowing and
healthy. His eyes clear. And instead of the im-
passive, unseeing look that I had seen on his face,
as he stood at the window, his whole expression
was one of keenness and vitality.

  “George tells me,” he said after I was seated,
“that you were here yesterday. I guess I was a
gruesome—well, at any rate, a disturbing spec-
tacle. In fact, I’m rather surprised myself, and
alarmed at what I was doing while I stood there.
But it was interesting while it lasted.” He chuck-
led as he finished, and George and I smiled at
each other. Lambert continued.

  “George asked me not to tell him what hap-
pened to me, or what I think I was doing, until
you came. He told me you were a newspaper
man and quite interested in what I might have
to say.” I nodded in agreement and he went on.
Except for stopping to light a cigarette from time
to time, he told the story practically as follows:

  “George posed me in front of that machine of
his, and I was standing there looking out the win-
dow, thinking how pleasant it would be not to go
to the office. Instead, it had suddenly occurred
to me how delightful a trip around the world
would be, a leisurely trip during which I could
stop at all the strange little places that struck
my fancy, and stay as long as I wished. Then I
heard George walking slowly toward me.

  “The next moment I felt something whizzing
at me, and there was a crash. A flash of green
flame, that did not burn me, struck my eyes, and
I felt a powerful gust, like a blast of heated air.
I was knocked down. How long I lay prostrate,
I don’t remember but I know I got to my feet
somehow, and found I was perfectly blind. I
couldn’t see a thing.

   “There was a sort of heavy black mist billowing
in front of my eyes, a mist too thick to see
through. Gradually, it got thinner like a vapor,
and I saw that I was standing in front of a win-
dow. I could make out the window sash, the
dull reflection of light on the pane, and vague
outlines of buildings somewhere in the distance.

  “As I stood trying to accustom my eyes to the
vision,—I could feel my eyes squinting—a kaleid-
oscope of whirling red, and blue, and yellow
lights flashed out of space into my face with a
speed that made my head spin. Just as sudden-
ly as it came, it began to recede.

  “I was conscious now of a greenish flare that
was thrusting the whirling lights back, away
from me, and changing their colors, until it seem-
ed as if every possible combination of color were
streaming in a writhing mass before me. And
then, after it receded miles into space, I saw
clearly for the first time. But everything was
changed.

  “I felt a sense of elevation as if I had risen
thousands of feet up into the air. I was con-
scious of a change in the atmosphere. I had
396	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

none of the solid feeling of being a mass of
flesh and blood and bone that I have now, but
instead I felt somehow, lighter, almost thinner,—
ethereal.”

  His voice was so sincere that neither George
nor I smiled at this description of the powerful
human being who had thrust us so easily aside
when we threatened interference with his vision.

  “I remember thinking at that moment,” he
went on, “how curious it was that I should have
the sense of being in the room where I was and
at the same time feel myself to be thousands of
feet above the city, in a rarefied atmosphere,
where winds that I could not hear kept rushing
by me, brushing past my eyes, yet not touching
me. And believe it or not, the earth was mov-
ing toward me!

  “The earth was moving toward me—that was
the idea that struck me at the moment. All at
once I saw the sky, but how changed it was. It
should have been a thin blue, but it was a bright
purple. Clouds swam past me—clouds that I
knew were white, or grey fleeces of heavenly
sheep, moved past me like waves of a livid green
ocean. But most startling of all was the sun
almost at my back—not a golden globe, nor cop-
per colored, nor even the red sun of Indian sum-
mer. It was a flat brown disk, glistening through
the purple and green of the sky and clouds.

  “I couldn’t bear the sight, so to steady myself
I looked down. It was then that I was able to
verify my sense of having risen into the air, al-
though at no time do I think for a moment that
I moved even an inch off the floor. I also dis-
covered the certainty that the earth was moving
toward me,—because there, below me, moving
slowly as a heavy mill-wheel grinding corn was
the city—and what a different city.

MT> EMEMBER it was broad daylight, when

  n I stood before the X-ray machine. Ev-
erything should have been clear in the light of
the sun, but I was looking through a mauve haze
at a city of canyons as if some giant hand had
clawed deep scratches into the earth. The can-
yon walls were skyscrapers, huge apartment
buildings, and smaller houses—that were bright
and colorful as children’s toy houses through the
haze that covered the city. Some of the build-
ings were a bright orange, others a brilliant yel-
low, glistening blue, shiny carmine, glittering
black—a dazzling brightness of colors such as I
had never seen the grey, and brick red, and
weather-dulled houses assume before.

  “The park outside had grown smaller—and its
grassy lawns were flaming red. I could make
out the automobiles twisting their way through
the park. They were all strangely discolored.
Cars that should have had shiny nickel radiators
and hoods were a dirty brown in front; their
fenders gleamed like frost on a window pane;
and their radiant bodies seemed to have been
colored by a maniac rioting in a paint shop.

  “I was too far away to make out the faces of
people, but those who walked were queerly cloth-
ed. One expects bright colors in the dresses,
hats, shoes and stockings of women; but to see
men dressed in the glittering raiment of birds of
paradise was startling to say the least. Not a

single man wore the sober grey, or normal blue
or brown suit. Their clothes were just splotches
of bright color twinkling through the haze on
trousered legs.

  “The women wore colorful clothes as usual,
but as I said before, the earth turning toward me,
together with the fact that they were walking,
took them past my sense of vision before I could
examine their attire more closely.

  “The phenomenal thing is that they did not
pass out of my vision as do people whom you
watch from the side of a hill, or from the twen-
tieth floor of a skyscraper,—but that they dis-
appeared right under my eyes as if they had
walked under my straddled legs, and had van-
ished behind me.

  “Then the topography beneath me began to
change. The edge of the city passed under my
sight. A new patch of color told me I was view-
ing a small outlying city. Finally, rolling mead-
ows of flaming grass, studded with clumps of
aquamarine shrubbery came into my view. Fields
rose up, and wrinkled into billowing grey hills,
where forests looked like patches of wool, or
fleeces stretched out to dry in the sun. I knew
they were hills and mountains that I saw then,—
always through a haze that varied between
mauve and pink,—because it seemed that they
approached the level of my eyes and made it
unnecessary for me to look down.”

   I recalled the peculiar uptilt of his chin as I
had seen him staring out of the window.

  “Occasionally, a winding orange ribbon, that
glistened wetly in the light, would float by, with
what I made out to be brilliantly colored ships
and boats. Across the hills and countryside
stretched gleaming blue roads, specked with
crawling brightly colored ants that I knew were
automobiles, that led into the gay clusters that
were cities. One of these clusters, larger than
the rest, reached many gray chimneys toward
the sky, from which billowed clouds that were
bright and green as grass, that sent shimmering
heat waves up toward my eyes. I remember that
city because of the green veil that seemed to
hover over it.

   “All these things passed under me, as the earth
turned toward me. Then I had a peculiar exper-
ience. A bird was flying toward me in an un-
wavering straight line. Its wings never moved.
I was wondering what terrific power its motion-
less wings must possess to propel it at such a
terrific swoop across the earth, when I detected
two sets of glistening blue wings fastened to the
body of this bird. It was an airplane. As it
came closer I could make out the features of the
pilot behind the purplish windshield.

  “It loomed larger and larger before my eyes.
I had a sudden fear that it would crash into my
face. I wanted to cry out, to duck my head, but
I was powerless to move. I saw the vicious
whirling of its glittering brown propeller. It
came closer and closer. It was about to cut
right through me, when it passed me by without a
sound—passed right through me, without so much
as a whisper.

  “But I had noticed a remarkable thing. I had
seen the pilot’s eyes through his goggles as the
plane approached. You’ve noticed the expres-
THE INVERTED WORLD	397

sion of a man driving ail auto, when someone in-
advertently crosses his path. He is either fur-
ious, or frightened. But this pilot’s face was
calm, and his eyes stared straight ahead, empty
of any emotion. Even though I was right in
front of his plane, terrified lest he cut me down,
he did not see me.

  “That reminds me of his face. It was hideous.
His cheeks were a livid, mouldy green. And his
lips were a ghastly blue gash in his face. I would
have thought him a phantom, except that through
the cabin windows of the passenger plane, for
that’s what it was, I could see the faces of other
men and women, all with ghastly green faces;
the women with brighter, greener spots, where
they had roughed their cheeks, and with deep-
er bluish smudges for lips.

  “I refuse to believe that it was a ghost of a pi-
lot transporting ghosts as passengers, because ev-
erything I saw up to this point and after, except
for my distorted sense of color, gave me the feel-
ing of reality.

«T\ ESPITE the fact that the pilot and none of

  1J his passengers made the slightest sign of
recognition as the plane passed under my eyes,
the earth continued turning toward me as before.
This time I saw a long, wide river, wider than
any I had seen so far. It was a dull brown in
color, with a great side-wheeled boat moving
down from my right side toward my left. The
boat was black in color. But beyond it were
brightly colored barges, and tugs drawing long
rafts, many of them piled high with gleaming
sacks, mounds that glittered like diamonds, and
other stuffs of varying colors and forms. Be-
yond the river, surrounding the bright cities,
stretched a great carmine prairie.

  “I watched the plains as they rolled beneath
me. Here and there I could see herds of horned
animals, their heads bent to the ground as they
cropped the red grass. I knew they were cat-
tle, but their coloring was like the patches of a
crazy quilt. Far above them, a flock of great
birds with flapping wings flew into view, form-
ing amazing geometric color patterns. Again
I was gripped by fear as the wedge of flying
birds, their wings fluttering almost in my face,
passed under the line of my vision.

  “Farther on I saw several other planes flying.
One attracted my attention as it circled in the
air above a patch of red lawn where a gaily
bedecked crowd was gathered before a huge
white shed. As I watched the plane, I saw
something fall like a hawk swooping on its prey.
Suddenly, a great black flower blossomed out
of this object, spread out into the shape of a
mushroom—and began to sway and flutter in
the air as the wind caught it. It was a para-
chute and I could see the calmness of the man
it supported, as his body turned, dipped, and
fell.

  “The ground began to swell into hills, like red
carpets heaped carelessly into great piles. Great
yellow patches, that moved restlessly, like water
beginning to simmer in a pot, appeared on the
surface. As they came nearer I made out thou-
sands of sheep and in the distance, gradually ap-
proaching me, I saw the huge forests; great

splotches of light coloring, chiefly white, that
seemed daubed by the brush of some super-
human artist.

  “The splotches faded into a mahogany dark-
ness, that glistened as the hills drew nearer, and
took shape into huge peaks towering into the pur-
ple sky. The black peaks had a smoothness of
surface strangely different from the texture of
the hills. They grew blacker, and shone more
wetly as they drew nearer. Then, they rose tow-
ering above my head, coming closer and closer,
in a solid heavy mass.

  “Again, I felt the strange fear of collision. I
wanted to back away, to run from the mountains
toppling over on my head. I struggled to shut
my eyes as a jagged peak loomed dangerously
nearer. Fascinated beyond my will, I watched
it rolling over on my head.

  “I don’t know how it happened, but I sudden-
ly felt my head turn ever so slightly to the left,
and an axe-head of purple sky seemed to cleave
a wedge between the glistening mountain peaks,
that rolled past under me,—and before me, up
to the half-circle of the horizon, stretched a great
expanse of glittering grey. As far as I could
see, there was nothing but this slumbering ocean
that, coming closer, revealed little black flashes,
that became tossing waves.

CHAPTER III
As the Earth Turned

<tT WAS again conscious of the feeling of things

  X passing under me as the ocean turned near-
er toward me. Suddenly, in the corner of my
eye, I saw a pink cloud swirling down toward
the ocean. A black wave leaped up to meet it
Other waves followed, churning the sea into a
grey rage. The whirling of waves and cloud be-
gan to take more definite shape, and soon, a
twisting column of water extended from the
ocean to the sky, thinning out in the middle, and
thickening like an hour glass into wedges at
either end.

  “As the scene came closer to me, the writhing
column moved across the sea. That particular
place deepened in color as if the sky were dark-
ening. Then, I saw a four funnelled ship that had
crept into the line of my vision. Tiny figures
scurried across the desk; some to life-boats,
swinging at the side of the ship. One life boat
and then another dropped over the side, and
tossed on the waves, moving desperately under
the swaying of the rowing figures. With a sud-
den rush the water-spout swarmed about the
ship, uptilted its nose, and angrily hurled the
body of the ship. Twisting helplessly in its
clutches, up toward the sky. Then the spout
dropped, hung motionless for an instant and dis-
appeared, engulfed in the waves that poured
over it, and swept on after the life-boats, under
my range of vision.

  “For a time after that I was conscious of noth-
ing before me.

  “Then, I felt a dazzling glare, as if a mirror,
reflecting the rays of the sun, was being focus-
sed on my eyes. Gradually, I penetrated the glit-
tering rays, and beheld a shimmering expanse of
398	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

land, that sparkled up at me. It had the tex-
ture and appearance of a tremendous piece of
fawn-colored silk that had been stretched across
the country. Here and there a red flower blos-
somed on a thin blue stalk, that became, as it
rolled nearer, a palm tree.

  “Once a caravan, moved slowly across the silken
land. The camels were grotesquely pale skin-
ned, almost as if naked human beings trans-
formed into the shapes of camels, were crawling
on hands and knees across the desert. On their
backs were black clad figures, in mantles and
cowls, revealing strangely pallid faces.

  “In time, the desert passed and a huge lus-
trous area cut through with streaks of cobalt re-
solved itself into an extensive city. For a while
sparks from the tops of this city disturbed me,
flashing into my eyes. Then I could see that
they were the circular, brown-sheened tops of
buildings with pointed short spires, like spikes
atop helmets. Then I witnessed another change
in the land beneath me. Stretching as far as my
eyes could see was an expanse of luscious red
vegetation.

  “I was conscious of no uncomfortable sensa-
tion in my eyes, such as anyone would expect
from staring intently at a brilliant red light. As
sections of the scene rolled upward and ever
closer to me, I saw a queer procession through
the red jungle. Along an almost imperceptible
path (for so densely was it hidden by sweeping
leafy branches, and twining rope-like creepers)
crept a straggling line of white figures, naked
except for strings about their hips, carrying vari-
colored packs upon their heads and strapped
across their backs and shoulders. They made
their way laboriously into the jungle, and dis-
appeared.

  “Later in a clearing, I saw a little hut swaying.
Straining my eyes, I discerned a howdah on the
withers of a blue elephant, whose head swung
restlessly, while its blue ears flapped. Sudden-
ly, the tall grass in front of the elephant began
to sway in sudden spurts. Beyond, naked fig-
ures, such as those in the earlier procession,
thrashed the luminous foliage with spears.
Scores of them were steadily making their way
in a closing ring toward the elephant and the
howdah. The spurts in the grass also came clos-
er.

UQ UDDENLY, a huge brown cat with white

  O	slashes across its body sprang in a des-
perate leap at the elephant who backed away, its
trunk writhing like a blue snake. From the
howdah, came a spurt of green flame, a burst of
grey smoke, and the brown and white beast, its
leap arrested in midair, plunged headlong to the
ground and fell clawing at the feet of the ele-
phant, that lifted one ponderous foot and crush-
ed it.

  “After a time, the vegetation thinned and be-
came more solid red. Then, a straggly grey car-
pet appeared that took on the restless appear-
ance of the ocean I had seen before.

  “Once a great blue torpedo moved slowly
across the sky, and metamorphosed into a great
Zeppelin with tiny cabins, dark against the
rounded belly of the giant air-ship. As it came

closer, I could see the ghastly livid greenish faces,
shining in the darkness of the cabins that con-
vinced me of electric lights burning within.

  “The greyness of the revolving ocean grew
tiresome, and I turned to the right so that I would
be facing North.

  “After a time, the greyness vanished into a
sleek black surface that was land but a land to-
tally devoid of the reddish coloration of the coun-
try I had seen until now. Beyond the broken
outlines of the dark country that passed now,
were further patches of greyish sea. Until
these moments, I had been looking toward the
earth through a mauve haze. Now, it changed
and deepened almost to normal twilight. As I
watched the sleek black surface pass, streaks of
brilliant blackness shot up out of the earth. I
followed their direction, and found that the pur-
plish sky had lightened till it seemed I was look-
ing at the sun through an emerald, such a bright
green had the sky become.

  “As I watched this phenomenon, I became
aware of some force that was trying to drag my
line of vision down from the sky and back to the
darkness of the earth. I could see the line of
vision my eyes followed. Actually, it seemed
that green rays reached out from my eyes into
the greenish sky, because I could see the ends
of the green rays waver and bend toward the
earth, and strain back in a curve toward the sky.

   “I am not certain that any power of mine held
them in the sky. All I know is that I felt this
downward pull, and watched helplessly and re-
sentfully at this tugging at the distant end of my
line of vision.

   “Just as it seemed that I would have to look at
the earth again, something black, from beyond
the extreme rim of the earth, flashed upward in-
to the sky, across the green rays bending earth-
ward, and catching them, tore them irresistibly
from the downward pull that I had noticed.

   “Then I became aware, slowly at first, as my
eyes followed the black fragment, hurtling
through space like a stone thrown into the air,
of other dark fragments, flashing dully through
the sky. They twisted, and whirled, and sped
about the fragment that had freed the green ray,
and was now dragging it through the atmos-
phere. The end of the ray flickered loose for an
instant and then snapped back to the meteor it
followed. The flickering became more and more
apparent, as other meteoric fragments flew near-
er. At last, a fragment larger than the one to
which the ray was attached, smashed across its
path, and carried off the ray.

  “The speed of the meteors was dazzling. My
eyes darting across the sky followed the increas-
ing rapidity with which the end of the ray was
torn first from one fragment and then another,
by other flashing meteors that flew across the
path of the green ray.

   “Finally, I noticed a subtle change of color
each time one of these liberations and captures
of the ray was affected by the flying meteors.
First, in tiny sparks, and then in bursts of color,
and eventually, explosions of brilliant flaming
gases, that went spinning through the emerald
sky behind the black meteors.

  “These flaming gases collided and became
THE INVERTED WORLD	399

whirling pin-wheels of color, darting toward me
along the path of the green ray. They merged
and grew larger. Their speed increased, until
suddenly a gyrating kaleidoscope of blazing col-
ors, that had started as a speck, hurled itself at
me along the green ray.

  “Just as its size had increased until it entirely
obliterated the green sky, its whirling stopped.
It stood still for an instant, a mass of writhing
rainbows, suspended for a terrifying moment dur-
ing which I realized the fear of complete anni-
hilation by the colorful danger. Then it disap-
peared in a rush of merciful blackness that flew
into my face, and completely enveloped me. . . .

  “The next thing I knew I had opened my eyes
in George’s bed, and found him watching me
with a worried expression. He asked me how I
felt. When I reassured him that I felt fine, but
was quite puzzled at my experience, he told me
that I had been standing in front of that window
for a day and a half, staring into space, but that
I was to tell him nothing of my experiences until
after I had eaten and you had arrived. Now you
know it all.”

WHEN he finished speaking, Lambert settled
back in his chair with a smile, and calmly
puffed at his cigarette. For a moment I looked
at George expecting to see my incredulity reflect-
ed on his face, but his face was void of expres-
sion. I felt a sudden surge of anger at the sus-
picion that I had been hoaxed; that this story
was a joke they had framed on me, knowing my
eternal newspaperman’s curiosity. I looked back
at Lambert.

  “Well, what do you think of it?” he asked,
smiling at me again.

  “Think of it!” I exclaimed. “Either you’re still
drunk, and seeing things, or you dreamt it all.”
He raised a protesting hand, but I continued.
“Granting that you were sober, I would have be-
lieved anything you might say if you hadn’t be-
gun your story so unfortunately.

  “You began by saying that, as you stood posed
before the X-ray machine, you thought of how
pleasant it would be to drop business and every-
thing and just travel around the world. Then
you proceed to tell us about an imaginary trip
that makes you cross a couple of continents and
a couple of oceans. Then you throw in some-
thing about meteors to tie up with the buorlitite.
Do you expect me to believe that all these sug-
gestions before the accident to your eyes, did not
automatically control the subject matter of your
dream? Of course not!”

  Lambert looked at me with a hurt, bewildered
expression, and turned helplessly to George.
George laughed abruptly, and then turned to me
and spoke.

  “That’s just the trouble with you newspaper-
men,” he said. “You know a little of every-
thing—just enough to make you draw rapid con-
clusions. Your knowledge of dreams is right
enough as far as it goes. You discount the fact
that I examined Lambert as he stood at the win-
dow and found that his pulse was not that of a
man asleep but that of a man watching an excit-
ing event. Furthermore, after his collapse, he

was fast asleep, when you helped me carry him
to bed.”

  “But he might have dreamt it then,” I protest-
ed, catching at a straw.

  “Yes, he might,” replied George, “except for
two facts. First, that men who sleep the sleep
of exhaustion, such as did Lambert after being
subjected to an abnormal strain for a day and a
half, normally are too tired to dream. Second-
ly, he knew nothing of the buorlitite, because I
had not had a chance to show it to him, and con-
sequently the lack of knowledge of the existence
of the buorlitite could not have suggested to his
subconscious mind that he dream about it in any
manner whatsoever.”

  “Well, then, I beg your pardon, Lambert,” I
said to him. He nodded graciously. I turned
back to George. “But tell me, how the scientific
mind that you possess would explain it.”

  “I don’t know the answer,” he said, soberly.
“But this is what I believe. The way the buor-
litite flew into the X-ray machine establishes an
affinity between it and the X-rays. Lambert’s
description of the struggle of the earth in the
polar regions to draw the green ray toward it-
self, as opposed to the attraction of the ray for
the sky, when considered with the peculiar way
in which meteoric fragments captured and re-
captured the green ray from one another, show
some evidence that there was a magnetic affinity
between the green ray and the polar magnetism
of the earth, as well as the magnetism of the
heavenly bodies of which meteoric fragments are
a part.

  “Then,” he continued, “there is the green flash
from the explosive action of the buorlitite and
the X-ray which struck Lambert’s eyes and af-
fected them so strangely. The first effect was
to allow him to surmount the normal difficulties
of vision by enabling him to extend the range
of his sight over buildings, over mountains, and
around the globe. Perhaps, the green ray which
did this to Lambert has a bearing on the fourth
dimension which is supposed to enable one to see
much more than a three-dimensional world. I
admit that everything Lambert described for us
was only three-dimensional, but he may have
seen many things that he could not understand
and consequently forgot.”

  “Yes, that is an interesting explanation,” I ad-
mitted. “But what about the crazy colors
through which he saw the world?”

  "That’s easiest of all to explain,” replied
George, “if you’ve ever looked through colored-
glasses. If you have, you've noticed how the
particular color of the glass dominates the colors
of everything, so that all colors while consistent-
ly affected are nevertheless altered from the var-
ious shades that you know them to be.

  "My explanation is that the green ray may
have the effect upon normal human eye-sight of
colored glasses—blending all the colors into one—
might have upon your eyes or mine.

  “Of course this is only my conjecture about
everything that Lambert has told us,—theories
at best. But when the affinities between the
buorlitite and the X-ray are established, as they
undoubtedly will some some day, and the green
(Continued on Page 427)
 By Manly Wade Wellman

(IUiutraled by Uarchioni)

  One man tackled me around the knees. He fought to keep me from the lever#.
  Through my helmet I could see his distorted face. . . .

When Planets Clashed
WHEN PLANETS CLASHED

FOREWORD

MY part in repelling the attempted Martian
invasion of Earth in the years 2675-77 was
a limited one. As for my skill in telling of
it, I again recognize my limitations. Many learn-
ed and authoritative writers have said their say
about our first and only interplanetary war. I,
who am no writer at all, add to their works only
because of a request from men
in high places, who argue that
my story is a unique chapter in
that conflict’s history.

  Like wars of earlier times,
the Martian-Terrestrial hostili-
ties had a deep foundation in
misunderstanding.

  Several hundred years pre-
viously radio communication
was first established between
the worlds and, shortly after-
ward, intrepid Martian scien-
tists reached Earth in a pioneer
space-ship.

  They were welcomed with
both hospitality and suspicion.

Much was said to their faces of
brotherhood and good-will
across the emptiness of space;
much more behind their backs
of preparation against possibly
dangerous visitors
from the only oth-
er inhabited planet
in the solar sys-
tem. In succeed-
ing years, when-
ever the orbits of
the two worlds
brought them into
comparative proxi-
mity, a flourishing
exchange of trade
goods and tourists
sprang up, and po-
tential enmity as
well.

  The first strain
in interplanetary
relations came
when representa-
tives of the World
League rejected
the request of the
ruler of Mars for
permission to es-
tablish colonies on
Earth. When the
Martian executive
protested that his planet, with deserts where
oceans once stood, was dying, he was told that
Earth was rapidly approaching a similar condi-
tion and it could not engage to feed mouths from
across space.

  This and other differences did not help to
maintain good feeling. Then one day a party of
Martian tourists, riding in a sight-seeing car at
St. Louis, seat of the World League’s govem-

401

ment, was surrounded by a crowd of roistering
students. One wealthy Martian ordered his re-
tainers to clear a way for the car. A fight en-
sued, in which the Martians were severely beat-
en with sticks and cudgels. Three of them died,
including a man high in office on his own planet.
Others sustained bad injuries.

Earth.

  Five years before, at the age of twenty, I had
come to Mars as the youngest member of the Ter-
restrial Legation. My ties at home had been
light, for I was an orphan, and I had gladly come
to this strange planet, to lay the foundations for
a career and a fortune.

MANLY WADE WELLMAN

 STORIES of interplanetary warfare usually pre-
 suppose earthlings who are all heroes and ene-
 mies across space who are all villains. The
 supposition is also made that the earth is fighting to
 defend its honor or its people from a predatory race
 from another world.

   This psychology is not at all new. It is the favor-
 ite in our wars on earth, and the propaganda each
 nation put out in 1914-18 in the form of books, lec-
 tures and motion pictures showed it as a just, peace-
 able nation defending only its right to existence.

   With the perspective of nearly fifteen years be-
 hind us, we are able to realize that seldom is any na-
 tion solely a villain and another solely a hero. Wars,
 we have learned, are the work of professional war
 makers, and are fought by men who kill those they
 might be friendly with, were they permitted to be.
 The present story is splendid for its picturization of
 an interplanetary war, that shows both sides of the
 picture.

  The ruler of Mars sent a brusque demand by
radio, calling the incident a proof of Earth’s en-
mity. He asked redress for
the families of the dead Mar-
tians, as well as the surrender
of the Terrestrial rioters, then
held in jail at St. Louis. In the
meantime, he proposed to seize
and hold as hostages all Ter-
restrials then upon his planet.
In this way it was expected re-
taliation might be made and
the determination of Mars to
see this thing through be shown.

  After a brief consultation,
the World League’s represen-
tatives empowered their presi-
dent, Silas Parrish, to send an
even more blunt reply. In
substance it refused the de-
mands of the Martian ruler
and also accused him of seek-
ing an excuse for war with
Earth. As for the Terrestrials
he held, the World
League sent its po-
lice to arrest all
Martians on Earth
as a retaliation.

  This was follow-
ed by agreement to
release hostages
on both planets,
and the return of
the captives to
their own planet.
I was among those
deported from
Mars, and with my
experiences at that
time I begin this
account, endeavor-
ing to make it both
accurate and read-
able.

JACK STILLWELL

CHAPTER I
Farewell

OF all the Ter-
restrials up on
ies, few, if any,

regretted more than I the order to return to
402	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY,

  I had not suffered on Mars. In the years when
one progresses from youth into manhood he gets
much out of life in the way of pleasures, know-
ledge and friends. The latter, to me, were Mar-
tians of my own age. I found them understand-
ing, responsive, square. We talked together of
the good times to come when, grown to the lead-
ership of our worlds, we would make for yet a
stronger and closer alliance. And I had met
Yann.

  Yann to me was more sweet, more lovely and
more loveable than any woman of my own plan-
et—Yann, dark-faced, alert, with the Martian
flashing black eyes and quick understanding.
When her hand first touched mine in greeting, I
felt its pressure upon my heart. And would this
war lose her to me?

  On my last night in Ekadome, the City of Mar-
tian Rulers, I left the company of my fellow Ter-
restrials as they sat in groups at the rocket port
and glumly discussed the impending conflict.
We were hemmed about with guards, but the
commanding officer of the port was my old
friend. To him I made my plea, and he read-
ily accepted my parole and sent me, with a ser-
vant, to find a closed Martian electro-car. “Back
an hour before dawn,” he warned me in the
quick staccato Martian tongue. “When the sun
rises, your ship clears.”

  The car whirled me through subterranean cor-
ridors to my destination. I stepped from it at
last, and found a lift. The operator thought
nothing of me, for, with my Martian clothes and
haircut, and the deep tan of three summers in
the Martian resort, Pulambar, I had little of the
Terrestrial in my appearance. He complied
with my request to be taken to the upper levels,
although, had he known my origin, he would
have raised a shout that would have brought citi-
zens of Ekadome to mob me. I reached the open
air but five steps from a dear gateway I had come
to know well.

  Inside was Yann’s garden, roofed over with
a transparent, vitreous veil to shut out the cold
night air. Blossoms as large as tabletops and of
wildly gorgeous colors lined the path on either
hand. Beyond them I saw Yann, on a seat be-
neath a clump of plants like giant, many-tinted
cat-tails.

  I swiftly reached her side. As she offered her
hand, I touched it with my lips for the first time.
It quivered like a startled bird, but did not draw
away. “Sit down, Chac,” she invited in her de-
lightful Martian tongue—quick and vibrant.

  “I have come to say goodbye.”

  “Goodbyes should never be said,” volunteered
another voice. It was Yann’s brother Nalo, who
had been lounging in nearby Martian shadows.
He now came forward to press my palm between
both of his, Martian fashion. “Whatever our
foolish worlds may do, Chac, you and I are
friends.”

  “Friends and brothers,” I replied.

  “Well you may say that the worlds are fool-
ish,” said Yann as we sat down with her, one on
either hand. “Every great man in our council
tells the reason why we went to war, and each
reason is different from all the others.”

  “The real cause is that we two peoples, while

similar in appearances, are different in language
and customs,” said Nalo. “We find it too hard
to speak each other’s language or wear each oth-
er’s clothes.”

  “Chac wears Martian costume, and I don’t ob-
ject to his accent,” said Yann. “It makes him
charming.”

SHE smiled to me as she spoke, and for such a
smile I would gladly have died.

I cannot tell you how oval was her face, nor
how black her hair; how her figure was at once
regal and delicate, how her every motion was
grace quickened to life, how her glad spirit gave
a light that illuminated my dark mood like a
lamp. These things are sacred and have no
place in a history of bloodshed.

  “War is a childish think in any case,” went on
Nalo. “Somewhere in the history of your world,
Chac, a war was fought against organized crim-
inals. With that exception, I can tell you of no
fighting that was ever good or wise.”

  “You are right,” I agreed.

  “However, I don’t think that there will be a
long conflict. It is thirty days or more between
worlds. During a space-ship’s flight of that
duration, friendship might last, but not hate.
We shall all gather and laugh at this thing before
we are a great deal older."

  “Nalo is right there, too,” smiled Yann. “The
silly trouble will soon be settled. Then, Chac,
you can come back to us.”

  “Yes,” I said, “I can come back to you.”

  Back to them—to her! The words in her
mouth seemed so true, and were so much what I
wished! I looked at her in adoration. Nalo
read my heart and his white teeth flashed in a
grin.

  “There are guests inside,” he said. “I must
beg to be forgiven if I go to help my father enter-
tain them. Chac, here is my hand between
yours. May we meet again soon!”

  He strode away, as true a gentleman as ever
breathed the air of any planet. A door closed
behind him. I turned to Yann.

  “He knew that I wanted to be alone with
you,” I said.

  “With me? Delightful!”

  The tears fought to break from my eyes, for I
was very young, very miserable, and very much
in love.

  “Yann, dearest—” I choked. “How shall I
say that I must leave?”

  She put out her hand as if she knew how eager
I was for her touch. As I clasped it in mine and
bowed above it, the fingers of her other hand
rested lightly on my hair. So we stood silently
for a second; then our arms went around each
other and for a blessedly aching space we kissed.
Her eyes flickered shut in ecstasy, then opened
and looked into mine. “Sit down, Chac,” she
said.

  I did so. She dropped onto the seat beside
me, fondling my hand.

  “We love each other,” she said, “and now we
must be worlds apart. But, my dear, let us be
brave for each other’s sake.”

  I nodded silently.

  “You are returning to your earth. As a young
WHEN PLANETS CLASHED	403

man, you will be ordered to do your part in fight-
ing my people.”

  “Never! Never!” I cried passionately. “I
will go to prison before I make war on you and
yours.”

  “No, Chac,” she said. “That is not the way
to think. You are a Terrestrial, beloved, and
you must be true to your birthright. Do your
duty as it is required of you. Work or fight, as
you are bidden. Whatever you do, do it well
and honestly. And, oh, Chac, try to avoid dan-
ger? Live through whatever befalls you, and
come back when the war is over!"

  I kissed her trembling mouth again and, hold-
ing her close, vowed that I would return to claim
her if I lived. At last, when time came for me to
return to the rocket port, I carried my head high
and stifled the pain within me, for I gloried in the
new-found love that Yann bore me.

The World Under Arms

WE deported Terrestrials left Mars on the
morning of January 2, 2675. On February
8—in those days the interplanetary passage took
a month or longer—our ships slid into the atmos-
phere of Earth and settled onto the landing
stages of the New Orleans rocket port,

  We emerged from the hatchways to be sur-
rounded by port attendants and officers, eager to
talk to us about Mars as we had last seen it. Was
the Martian morale good ? Was the preparation
for warfare far advanced? Had we suffered
indignities? And a thousand other queries.

  In turn they gave us the latest news. Although
our ships had been unmolested by the enemy (for
such I knew I must thenceforth consider the Mar-
tians), several skirmishes had flared up between
opposing patrols in space. One young officer,
a red-faced lieutenant who was very vain of his
expensive new uniform, told me that only two
days before he had helped beat back a combat
group from Mars which had ventured to within
a half million miles of Earth.

  “They’re going to be harder to whip than the
news dispatches say,” he told me. “However,
we did plenty with our new ray-guns. If you’ve
been away for five years, you can’t have heard
much about the disintegrator ray. Want to have
a look?”

  He took me to a long, rakish war craft that
rested on a stage near by and in the gun room
pointed out a complex system of levers and coils.

  “Here is the target finder,” he said. "Televis-
ion, of course. With it you can locate and aim at
a range of a thousand miles or more, though the
ray itself won’t be effective so far away. On the
space-dreadnoughts there are long-range pop-
pers that can do the business at many times that
distance.”

  He fiddled with the mechanism. “Once you
spot the target, you put the ‘finger’ on it— the
ray, that is, just like turning a searchlight on
some object—and press this lever. Whatever is
at the other end will disintegrate on the moment.
It’s all more complicated than I can explain, full
of atomic explosion formulas and the like.”

  “Did you get many Martians in the fight?” I
asked.

  “We washed out a dozen or so. I finished two
myself, with this very ray-gun. So.” He turned
on the power. The finder showed us a distorted
view of tall buildings.

  “That’s right here in town. Suppose we were
attacking Shreveport.” He spun a dial rapidly.
A new skyline rose into view. “Now, if the ray
was working, and I cared to, I could knock off
that tallest building ’way up the Mississippi, as
easily as I did those red and white Martian ships
day before yesterday. Snip! Like that!”

  “Red and white Martian ships?” I repeated.
“That would be the Young Defenders. They’re
a junior sky corps, Martians about our age or a
bit under. I know some of the officers. They’re
very decent fellows.”

  The lieutenant looked at me queerly. “That’s
a bad way to talk, now that we’re at war,” he
said. “Martians are more appealing as targets
than as house guests, just now.”

  “Rot!” said I, nettled. “You’d be glad to
know such chaps at any other time. Can’t we be
sane about this scrap?”

  He stiidied me with narrowed eyes as we left
the ship. “I’m not at all sure,” he said in part-
ing, “that I should have told you so much about
the ray-gun.”

  He was too clumsy in his suggestion \hat I was
a Martian sympathizer. Had he been less so, my
temper might have gone. As it was, I laughed
and walked away, but the discourse left a bad
taste in my mouth which lasted all the way to
St. Louis.

  There I went at once to the office of James
Stillwell, staff member with the Intelligence De-
partment of the Terrestrial Army. This man,
my uncle and only living relative, was also my
closest friend on Earth.

  His duties were many, but he turned from
them in a second to give me a warm welcome.
“You are home safe arid happy!” he cried, forc-
ing me into a seat.

   “Not so happy, uncle,” I told him.

  “That girl on Mars, eh?’- I held few secrets
from him. “Well, Jack, I hope that you won’t
distress yourself too much about her. This is go-
ing to be a true war, my boy, and there will be
enough blood spilled to wet the way clear to Mara
and back again before you will be able to see her.
Are you going into the service?”

  "That’s why I’m here.”

  “Good boy! And what branch do you want to
enter?”

   “I haven’t any choice.”

  “Then you need go no further than the Intelli-
gence. You’re young, smart, and just back from
a long stay on Mars. Men like you are invalua-
ble. We’ll have you in a uniform this very day.
What is your reserve rating? Captain, I think?
Right? Well, come along.”

   I did so, glad for his wholesome cordiality. Yet
my determination to do my utmost was fostered,
not by anything that he said, but by the words of
Yann, who had urged me to work or fight my
best, even against her people.
404	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY,

CHAPTER II

Raiders from Space

WE of Earth began the war in excellent spirits.
We were mightier in numbers, richer in all
resources save metals, than the Martians. They
had the better of us in volume of fighting mater-
ials—space-ships, ammunition, the thousand
things that armed forces must have—but we did
not expect them to be ready for a decisive attack
upon us for quite awhile. In the meantime the
planets were swinging apart and two years and
more would pass before they drew close again.
Ample time for us to gather and equip forces
for our defense.

  The new disintegrator ray-gun, the same weap-
on that was explained to me on the day that I
returned from Mars, was one of our chief hopes.
It was rightly believed to be far superior to the
roving bomb, which was directed and exploded
by radio controls and which, as a deadly weapon
in aerial warfare, had often been used in the past
by both Terrestrial and Martian nations. The
ray-guns were being manufactured in quantity
even as I came back, while thousands of young
volunteers were learning their use and mech-
anism.

  That the Martian agents would attempt to
carry news and working plans of this device to
their people was, perhaps, the chief fear of our
High Command in those days. The Intelligence
Department and its attendant throngs of opera-
tives kept constant watch upon factories, broad-
casting stations and other points. Every mes-
sage put on the wires or the air was rigidly cen-
sored. As an intelligence officer, therefore, I
found plenty to do to keep from brooding on
what I had left behind me on Mars.

  On April 1, 2675, war came in earnest, as
dreadful as it was unexpected.

  So suddenly were the raiders upon us that we
knew it not. They struck Earth effectively in
three places. Steel mills in Labrador, built to ac-
commodate the large quantities of ore mined in
the Republic of Greenland, were blown to bits
in the night by roving bombs, while the attackers
fled without being seen. In the same hour, at
Flagstaff, Arizona, the observatory and the in-
terplanetary broadcasting station located there
were demolished by a flight of Martian space-
ships which were sighted but escaped unharmed.
As noon of April 1 approached and sunset came
to the other side of Earth, barracks at Algiers
were smitten and two thousand newly-recruited
soldiers killed like so many ants.

  Vengeful swarms of Terrestrial ships sped in-
to space, searching here and there, but to no
avail. The Martians, their errand done, showed
the cleanest heels in history, while the pursuers
were forced to return for want of a trail in the
trackless sky.

  But return did not bring rest. Two nights lat-
er the Martians were back again. They neatly
knocked a row of meteorological laboratories
from the tops of the Rocky Mountains, as boys
knock birds from a branch with stones. Factor-
ies and warehouses at Rio de Janeiro were smash-
ed to rubbish. At Nashville the raiders swooped

down, but found a hot reception. Ray-gun de-
fenses disposed of five and sent the others away,
their errand of destruction brought to nothing.

  In the morning this last incident was being
celebrated as a victory by short-sighted folks, but
those with whom the combat rested were really
worried, the Intelligence Department most of all.

  It chanced that I was in the office of my uncle
when two of his fellow staff-members, Clyde At-
rim and Gundell Goldansky, burst in. I rose,
saluted, and started to go, but Atrim waved me
to a seat.

  “You may as well hear us, Captain Stillwell,”
he said. “It’s a pity that all the department isn’t
here.”

  He seated himself across the desk from my
uncle. “Because we put the finger on those five
feeble Martians at Nashville, Earth must consider
the war half won!” he exploded. “It was no
credit to us that they were washed out. They
foolishly exposed themselves, and, had they es-
caped, they would have been sure to draw repri-
mands!”

  “The said thing is,” continued his companion,
“that they’ll be back again, tonight or tomorrow
night or the next, at some other point. Every
raid cripples us worse. They’re wrecking our
factories, killing our fighting men, right and left.
We’ll have to put a stop to them, or Earth will
be whipped to a standstill inside of three
months.”

  “It stands to reason,” argued Atrim, “that
there aren’t a great many of them, or they
wouldn’t hit and run. They’d stay and make a
battle of it with our patrols. I’m willing to
wager that the raiding parties are the same in
each case, a small group of fast space-ships. They
can dash out from hiding, strike at a previously
designated spot, and dash back again.”

  “Where is their base then?” asked Goldansky.
"They certainly aren’t flying to and fro from
Mars every night.”

  “Hardly,” said my uncle. “The interplane-
tary passage must be more than a hundred and
twenty million miles just now. That would take
a tremendous ship, and the journey would last
three months or more.”

  “Then they must be on Earth somewhere,”
said Goldansky.

BUT, though thousands of air-scouts patrolled
the entire surface of the globe next day and
investigations were ordered in every community
of every nation, nothing was learned. But, on
the second night following the conference in my
uncle’s office, the raiders struck once more,
bombing government granaries in Siberia.

  Early next morning, as my uncle and I ruefully
discussed the radio reports of the attack, Gold-
ansky and Atrim, the latter carrying a suitcase,
again burst into the office.

  “We’ve spotted them!” cried Goldansky ex-
citedly.

  “Who?” asked my uncle.

  “Why, the Martians,” said Atrim. “Look
here!”

  He opened the suitcase and dragged out a
rumpled mass of metal-braced fabric, shaped
roughly like a coverall garment.
WHEN PLANETS CLASHED	405

  “They shot down one of the space-ships in Sib-
eria last night,” he explained, “and, luckily, it
wasn’t all disintegrated. Its equipment, which
officers thought, worthy of examination, was
rushed here this morning. This was part of it.”
My uncle considered the thing carefully, then
raised questioning eyes. “But it’s only a space-
suit, a standard piece of equipment in the lockers
of any interplanetary ship.”

  “Only a space-suit, eh?” snapped Goldansky,
almost belligerent in his earnestness. “Look at
the thing’s shoes!”

  He pointed to them. “They’re worn and
scratched, even if their soles are thicker and
stronger than ordinary. Now, these suits are de-
signed to allow repair work on the outside of
ships while in space. Isn’t that right?”
“That’s right,” said my uncle.

  “But this one has done far more than that.
Its owner has walked on soil and rocks!”

  Again we examined the shoes and saw that
what Goldansky said was true.

  “And then?” prompted my uncle.

  "The rest is obvious. Why wear the thing
while walking on the ground. The answer is
that there is no atmosphere above the ground.
And where is there such a place?”

  My uncle gave a shout as understanding burst
upon him.

  “Why, they’re on the moon!”

  And I saw how possible it was. In those days
we paid little or no attention to Earth’s dead
child, hanging in the near heavens without air or
water. Adventurers, scientists and cranks had
made some small exploration, but there it ended.
One of the few true benefits of the war was that
we came to learn what great mineral treasures
our satellite held, and today citizens, mines and
factories again bring life to its dead face.

  But the Martians, I knew, had not so rich and
pleasant a world as ours. Long ago, pressed for
expansion room, they had reached and settled
their own two tiny moons, breathing artificial
air in cities that were covered with mighty domes.
What more natural than that they should see the
possibility of similar use of our moon? The few
hundred thousand miles to the earth could be
traversed readily and quickly by fleets of small
raiders, which could rain down destruction and
escape to their hiding again.

  “Let’s urge a punitive expedition at once,” said
my uncle.

  “Not so fast,” said Atrim. “We’ll have to find
their base first. Probably it is a small one, and
the moon is large. The only thing of which we
can be reasonably sure just now is that they are
on the far side. The side toward us—always the
same side, of course—would be too easily exam-
ined by telescope for their comfort.”

  “Better say nothing about this matter just
now,” said my uncle. “The Martian spies—and
the city is full of them—musn’t guess that we
know. Jack, do you mind leaving us while we
discuss this affair? What you have heard is,
I know, safe with you.”

  I rose, but Goldansky held up his hand.

  “Let the captain stay. I think, in fact, that he
should know everything we say.”

  “Why so?” asked Atrim.

  “Because my suggestion is to send a single
scout to find the headquarters of the Martians.
He can be swift and unobtrusive. They would
be aware of a large force, but one man could
find them and come away unseen—the more be-
cause they wouldn’t be looking for him.”

  “I agree with you,” said my uncle.

  “I agree also, and see your point in keeping
Stillwell’s nephew here,” added Atrim. “What
man could be a better scout than he, with his
knowledge of Martian affairs?”

  “Do you mean for me to be a spy, sir?” I asked
Goldansky.

  “Not exactly. Just to find out all you can
about the place, if it exists at all.”

  “It would be a glorious adventure,” said At-
rim.

  “And a dangerous one,” supplemented Gold-
ansky.

  “I hope that you don’t think my nephew will
balk at danger,” put in my uncle.

  “Not in the least, but he should understand
all the risks of the enterprise.”

   “I’d gladly go, sir,” I said. “I’m flattered that
you think me worthy.”

  “Good man!” said Atrim, offering his hand.

A Dangerous Mission

THE greater part of the morning was spent in
preparing for my dash. The moon, as Earth
saw it, was new, and therefore would be nearly
full as observed from the far side. I studied ex-
haustively lunar maps and photographs and made
copious notes. The space-s'nip which was select-
ed for my use was a one-man observation craft.
It was long, narrow and sharp-bowed, almost
needle-like in proportion, with barely enough
cabin- room to accommodate one man, lying at
full-length. Although it had no armament of
any kind, its television and radio equipment was
of the highest order and it was designed to ach-
ieve and hold tremendous speed.

   Before entering I donned a space-suit, all save
the airtight metal helmet, which I placed in the
cabin’s locker. This suit was of Martian make
which, as it later turned out, was a piece of good
fortune. In its pockets I put an automatic pis-
tol, loaded with fifty shells. At a few minutes
before noon I was ready to depart.

  “Goodbye, captain!” said Goldansky, wring-
ing my gloved hand.

  “Take care of yourself!” this from Atrim.

  “God bless you, my boy,” was my uncle’s fare-
well.

  I stepped into the padded interior which, as
the ship was raised on its stern like an obelisk,
held me upright. The panel closed, shutting out
the three friendly faces. Before my eyes was
the television apparatus, already set upon the
disc of the moon. I touched the starter and, as
my ship rose lightly from its moorings, shifted
my fingers to the accelerator. Away I whipped,
up, up into the blue, until I was past Earth’s at-
mospheric envelope. Once in space, I increased
to full speed and turned my eyes to where, on the
screen, the moon bulked larger and larger with
the passing minutes.

  My craft seemed to hang motionless upon noth-
406	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

ing. A glance out of the ports showed the starry
black of space. Below my feet was the silvery
full disc of Earth. Only the figures on my
speed dials showed the breath-taking clip at
which I was travelling; only the ticking of instru-
ments and the rustle of my own movements broke
the utter silence of my flight.

  Some three hours after my journey began,
with the face of the moon nearly filling my for-
ward port, I cut down my speed. At a reduced
pace I swung around the satellite’s brightest
edge. Its lightest portion changed from the
shape of a sickle to that of a crescent, that grew
and grew until, drawing close to it, I found my-
self sliding along a few miles above a bleak,
mountainous region.

  The topmost peaks, I knew, were far higher
than any on Earth. Swiftly crossing them, I next
skimmed along above a plain, hundreds of miles
in extent. In one or two places there seemed to
be straight furrows or ditches, full of shadows,
that bore some resemblance to the smaller can-
als of Mars. My thoughts, going back to the
waterways of that far planet, conjured up a vis-
ion of their own volition.

  Once more I seemed to see Yann’s lovely face,
clouded around with dark hair, while she bade
me do my part in the war. Could she have for-
seen my present task, would she still have coun-
selled me so? I sighed, all alone in my hurrying
shell. Then, slowing down until I floated almost
motionless, I pondered the problem of my search.

  I had to cover as much as possible of the
moon’s surface, and that within a very short time.
The best plan, as I saw it, was to head for the
center of the lighted area, mount to a position
some fifty miles above ground, and there begin
a spiral journey, watching the landscape through
television. Of course, there was the chance that
the Martian force, wherever it was, might discov-
er me first; but, since they were many and large
and I was one and small, that chance was a slim
one. And, even if they swarmed out after me,
that by itself would show me where they were.
Such knowledge once mine, I would trust to my
craft’s heels to give me a chance to make use of
it.

SOON, therefore, I was travelling in an ever-
increasing circle over the silent stretches.
What appearance the Martian raiders’ base
would take I did not know, but I was sure that
any movement or incongruity would be triply
noticeable in the ghostly stillness below.

  I flew over plains, over mighty mountain rang-
es and bare, quiet valleys. The landscapes were
as uncanny as those that arise in dreams. Often
some strange sight impelled me to drop down for
closer inspection, but never did I find traces of
men or their works.

  Hours passed. My chronometer, set in St.
Louis, registered close to six o’clock. Another
night would soon ride down upon my home, a
night which might again bring the raiders, and
I had not found their den as yet!

  But just at that moment the television screen
showed me something that brought my hands,

all trembling, to correct the focus and clarify the
image.

  It showed me the interior of a crater, one of
those that so plentifully pit the lunar surface.
In it lay a dull-gleaming object of metal, cigar-
shaped and evidently of great size. It was a
Martian space-ship!

  I glanced at my instruments, quickly calcu-
lated the crater’s position, and fairly hurtled tow-
ard it. Unless a close lookout was being kept,
aided by instruments for artificial vision, my lit-
tle craft would appear only as a momentary
flash of light. I therefore shot fearlessly to the
very slope of the crater and then, after hovering
for a moment, found a deep fissure into which I
could lower my ship. The shadows of the moon
are as deep and black as pools of ink, for, with no
atmosphere to diffuse the sun’s rays, there is no
refracted light. Therefore, when I had fastened
on my helmet, emerged and mounted to the lip of
the crack, I could not distinguish my vessel a few
feet beneath me.

  The heat was terrific, even in my insulated
space-suit. Yet I scrambled easily to the crater’s
edge, my Earth-trained muscles readily adjusting
itself to the reduced force of lunar gravity. Cau-
tiously hiding behind a projecting rock, I peeped
into the great depression below.

  Thunder! What a space-ship!

  The television had given me no definite idea
as to the true size of the Martian craft. Now,
looking directly down upon it, I was stunned by
its vastness. It was fully a mile in length, I
quickly figured, and its greatest width, at the
center, was perhaps 300 yards or slightly less.
It tapered to a blunt point at either end.

  In its interior must have been room for the
laying out of a city, for the housing of regiments.
Here and there on its upper surface bulged tur-
rets and ports for observation, for weapons for
instruments. Along its sides were lines of air-
locks for the passage of men—a few of them were
moving around near the ship, specklike by com-
parison—or for smaller vessels.

  In what secrecy had the monster been con-
ceived and built? At what cost and labor had it
been completed, at what cost and labor was it
operated? And how to conquer and destroy it?

  With a growing chill of despair, I realized that
no combat organization now in service with the
World League could hope to vanquish so mighty
a war vessel. Even a glance showed that, for of-
fense and defense, it was equipped to a magni-
tude hitherto undreamed of.

  It could spot a Terrestrial fleet and wipe it out
at long range. Even our disintegrator rays
would make small impress on its massive shell.
My scouting expedition had availed little, after
all. The thing was invulnerable!

  Then a new thought came. Invulnerable, yes,
as regarded assault from the outside. But might
not a man find his way into it, and from there
do much? I wore a Martian space-suit and was
familiar with Martian manners. It was worth
trying.

  Boldly I stepped out from behind my rocks
and began to descend the inner precipice.
WHEN PLANETS CLASHED

CHAPTER III

Within the Ship

1 REACHED the floor of the crater shortly and
made my way toward the big ship where it
towered aloft nearly a thousand feet. My path
took me past groups of Martians in space-suits
similar to mine, working in caves and pits. They
were digging up various minerals and putting
them in bags and containers, while other groups
carried these toward the ship. My presence
seemed to create no interest, and so I joined one
silent detail of carriers headed for an air-lock.

  The leader rapped out a signal on the lock
panel, which swung open and admitted us. We
passed through the lock chamber and I found
myself in a busy corridor which, as I walked
down it, gave in turn onto a larger one. The
walls and the ceiling were of dull metal plating,
while the floors were covered with some mater-
ial that eased the feet and deadened sound.

  Throngs of Martians, uniformed or in space-
suits, moved hither and thither in ordered haste.
Now and then a small vehicle with three or four
wheels moved down the center of the passage-
way. On either hand, I saw, the metal partitions
were pierced with panels, and some of these were
open to disclose offices, machine-shops, eating-
rooms or apartments, just as on a city street.

  Already the carrying party to which I had at-
tached myself had disappeared. Unshipping
my helmet and slinging it to my belt, I looked
around. At first glance I would still pass for a
Martian and no man paid me any attention, but
on the other hand I felt as though I were wander-
ing aimlessly. I had gained the inside of the
ship; how was I to take advantage of my posi-
tion?

  With an effort at a casual manner, I hailed a
passer-by and asked him where to find the office
of the commander.

  He stopped and looked at me queerly. He
was a black-browed fellow in the uniform of a
sub-bomber. “What commander do you mean?”
he asked.	...

  “Who but the commander of this craft,
friend?” I returned.

“And do you not know? Answer me that!

  “Why answer to such as you?” I said, affect-
ing haughtiness and turning away from his dis-
quieting questions. But he shouted to other
Martians, who hurried up. In a moment I found
myself surrounded.

  “What’s this?” sternly demanded ah officer in
the uniform of a flight commander, who had been
attracted by the ripple of excitement.

  “He asks strange questions, sir,” said the sub-
bomber respectfully, “and he doesn’t answer the
ones I ask. I don’t know him or his rank. If I
spoke sharply to him, it was because I thought I
should.”

  “You have done well,” answered the officer,
observing me narrowly. “By the cut of his hair,
this man is a Terrestrial.”

  “By birth only,” I offered quickly. I have
never espoused the cause of Earth. I’m a desert-
er these six hours.”

  “Deserter? Here?”

407

  “I stole a space-ship.”

  “And why did you come to this place?”

  “To join you.”

  “You knew that we were posted here?” he
queried sharply. “Not even our families on Mars
know that—only a few officers in high places.
Where did you get your knowledge?”

  “I came on a wild guess.”

  “That is a spy’s tale,” he said scornfully. “If
you were a real deserter, you’d have given your-
self up as a prisoner outside and wouldn’t have
sneaked into our corridors.”

  It was plain to see that my case was a sorcy
one, and I racked my brain for more plausible lies
to tell him. He sneered as he saw my confusion.

  “Such zeal for a new cause is touching. The
only trouble is that the whole story is too far out
of focus. We aren’t romanticists here, my Ter-
restrial friend. If you can’t be more convincing,
you’ll be dead before another day has passed.”
He turned to the others. “Make him fast.
He’s going to prison.”

  The black-browed bomber seized one of my
arms and another Martian stepped up to help.
For a moment I contemplated fierce resistance,
but knew how useless that would be. Already
others were gathering around, and nearly all of
them were armed. I resigned myself to this re-
versal of fortune, just as another officer, wearing
the insignia of a staff member, pushed through to
us.

  The flight commander saluted, Martian fash-
ion, with a slight quick bow and both hands
brought smartly to the forehead.

  “We’ve captured a spy, sir,” he said.

  His superior turned toward me and my heart
began to race like a motor.

  It was Nalo!

A DELIGHTED smile lit up the handsome face
of my old friend as, with a shout of welcome
recognition, he sprang forward and threw his
arms around me.

  “Chac! Chac!” he cried. “I never thought
to see you so soon! What are you doing here
with us?”

  “As I tried to explain,” I stammered, “I de-
serted the Terrestrials and came here by chance.”
“Of course! Of course! How fortunate that
you should do so!”

  He addressed the others. “I’ll assume respon-
sibility for this man,” he said, “and myself will
turn him over to the commander’s office. I trust
him, for he was long a resident of Mars and is
not in sympathy with those who brought on the
war. Is that sufficient for you?”

  “It is sufficient,” said the flight commander a
little glumly, as he saluted and walked away
with the others.

  “And what will happen when I go to the com-
mander’s office?” I asked Nalo when we were
alone.

  He laughed loudly. “As if I would permit it!
Heavens, Chac, are you not well out of this war?
Forget it, with its foolishness and its horror.
May all others learn to despise it as I do! No,
you will be my guest here, no more. When the
war is over—and it will be at the next opposition
of the planets—you will go back with me to
408	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

Mars, won’t you? And there you will see Yann
again!”

  To see Yann again! And her brother Nalo,
who promised me that, was one of the raiders
whose destruction I was sworn to accomplish!
I choked in emotion, and Nalo, prince that he
was, thought that I was sobbing with joy.

  “I’m very close to crying myself, Chac,” he
said gently. “Come, my apartment is near this
place.

  We went up by a lift and thence to his quar-
ters. There I doffed the space suit and my Ter-
restrial garments, while he gave me a plain Mar-
tian uniform from his own wardrobe.

  “Lucky fellow!” he said as I pulled on the tun-
ic. “No more war for you, ever!”

  His words made me feel unutterably guilty as
I stealthily retrieved my automatic pistol from
the pocket of my discarded space-suit and tucked
it out of sight in the waistband of my new cos-
tume.

  He was delightedly ready to accept the story
I told to explain how I had come to the moon.
When I was fully dressed we walked out togeth-
er, he chattering the while about this vast and
wonderful mother-ship that was the raiders’
headquarters. It was manned, he said, by near-
ly 200,000 picked men, and in its hangars were
a thousand swift combat ships. Nearly a hun-
dred levels were included between its top and its
base. The lives of its tremendous crew were
supported by chemically produced foods, water
and air, all successfully made on Mars for centur-
ies.

  “Such a vessel could conquer the world,” I
said.

  “Not for a moment, Chac,” laughed Nalo. Its
very size makes that impossible. Why, it
couldn’t be operated inside Earth’s gravity pull—
no, not if it was but half the size. The engines
had all that they could do to lift it away from
Mars, where it encountered but one-third of
Earth’s gravity. Here on the moon, where an
Earth man weights but a sixth of what he does at
home it is slow and clumsy enough. No, it is only
a movable fort, sort of hive for the little raiders.”

  He sent for food and we ate together in pri-
vate. Then he left to attend to some of his du-
ties as a member of the motner-ship’s staff, leav-
ing me to wander about freely.

  Nalo’s attitude made my task at once easy and
hard. I was roving through the corridors, a
Martian in appearance, able to view all the secret
workings of the craft; but all this I did with a
heavy heart, for only Nalo's friendly belief that
I meant no harm had made it possible.

  I hardened my resolve. I had been entrusted
with a mission, and I must carry it through. My
hand, and my hand alone, could halt the Mar-
tian raids on my native planet. Determined but
downcast, I returned at last to Nalo’s quarters.
He was waiting for me.

  “Back already?” he said. “I thought you
would find enough to keep you interested for
days.”

  “But I understand so little of what is going on,
and I’m afraid to ask.”

  “I’ll explain to you. Staff meeting’s over.
They’re discussing the new raid on Earth.”

  “New raid?” I repeated. “Are they raiding
again tonight?”

  “You mean, of course, the night that is now
on Earth. The lunar night won’t be upon us for
ever so long. No, they’ll wait twenty-four of
your hours and then shove off. It wouldn’t do
to have the raids too close together.”

  “Where will they attack?” I asked.

  “Oh, Chicago and Omaha this time, to destroy
factories for the building of space-ships. But
why should you worry? The war is nothing to
you, nor to me for the time being. I’m more in-
terested in making a night of it. We have thea-
ters, cafes, and there are three or four officers
you’ll remember? Shan’t we have them in?”
“Not just yet, Nalo,” I said, speaking slowly to
control my voice, which was perilously near to
breaking. “I’d much rather just visit all parts
of the car.”

  “As you say. Where shall we go first?”

  “Is it possible to see the atmosphere plant?”
  “Absolutely. Come along.”

  His rank was sufficient passport to the sentinel
who guarded the doorway to the small but com-
plex laboratory. Inside the workers showed us
the machinery, the plans of the system, the con-
trol boards that hurried the air’s circulation or
shut it off, and the levers that could, if necessary,
be operated to open big valves and exhale gases
from the structure.”

  “These levers work thousands of vents,” said
Nalo. “As you can imagine, they can be put into
many combinations. Don’t touch them. You
might evict the air from some apartment or cor-
ridor, and possibly it would cause trouble.”
“But if all the master levers were thrown
wide?” I asked.

  “Then every gaseous substance in the whole
car would be gone in about ten winks,” said the
supervisor of the plant.

  “I see; if something went wrong, it might kill
everyone.”

  “Not as bad as that. At the first hint of
trouble with the apparatus, these automatic
alarms would sound throughtout the ship. There
are space-suits in each apartment, and the men
would quickly don them. Then they would be
safe until all was running smoothly again.”

  We left, Nalo talking gaily, myself quiet and
preoccupied. At last I knew how to do my duty.

True to Orders

IT was late when we returned to my friend’s
quarters. Nalo still wanted to invite our ac-
quaintances in, but I begged him not to do so. I
could not have stood it.

  At last we lay down on separate pallets and
I kept quiet until Nalo’s breathing became meas-
ured in sleep. Then I carefully arose and don-
ned my space-suit. The automatic I transferred
again to the outside pocket. I searched until I
located the exhaling valve which, according to
the men at the atmosphere laboratories, was to
be found in every apartment. This I carefully
blocked with wadded cloth. Then I left, closing
the panel tightly after me.

  The lights were dimmed in the corridors and
few persons were afoot. I went unchallenged to
WHEN PLANETS CLASHED	409

a lift which took me to the level of the laboratory.
There I approached its doorway to find, as I had
expected, a vigilant sentry on guard.

  Unhesitatingly I walked toward him until he
presented his automatic rifle and called on me to
halt.

   “Let me in,” I said, the radio attachment in the
helmet making my voice audible. “I have a mes-
sage for the superintendent.”

  “Have you a permit?” he asked warily.

  “Certainly,” I ahswered, taking from my pock-
et a folded paper. As he reached for it, I sud-
denly sprang upon him. With one hand I grasp-
ed his throat, shutting off his cry of surprise and
with the other I twisted his weapon from his
grasp and flung it up the corridor. Then, clench-
ing my fist inside the heavy, metal-jointed glove,
I struck him a heavy blow on the jaw. He drop-
ped without a sound. Leaping over him as he
rolled senseless at my feet, I pulled aside the
panel of the laboratory, stepped in, and pulled
it shut after me.

  Half a dozen men were working inside. I
quickly approached the air-forming machinery.
The first of the workers to look up seemed to
catch the menace in my attitude for, with an ex-
clamation, he made for the alarm apparatus.

  I snatched my automatic from my pocket and
shot him dead in his tracks, hurrying forward as
another dashed to take his place. We met in
front of the instrument and, even as his hand
was stretched out to press the button and warn
all the thousands in the mothership, I brought
the heavy barrel of my gun down on his head.
He slumped to the floor, while I grasped the
board to which the alarm mechanism was bolted
and, suddenly exerting all my strength, tore it
from its fastenings. A spark of blue flickered
and died as the electric connections parted. It
was wrecked.

  Three of the others had drawn their guns.
They now fired at me, all at once, but all three
bullets, by some good fortune, missed me. The
fourth man darted for the panel that led to the
corridors.

  I aimed and pressed the trigger. No report!
The blow that I had struck with my automatic
had somehow jammed it.

  Desperately I hurled the gun. It crashed
against the back of his head as he ran, and he fell
to his hands and knees, stunned. Now I was ar-
rayed, empty-handed, against three desperate
Martians, all armed. I quickly knelt to fumble
for whatever weapons might be on the person of
the man I had knocked away from the alarms.

  That quick move downward must have saved
my life for, at the same moment, all three fired
again, then rushed me. As it was, one bullet
grazed my helmet with a deafening rasp, and it
would certainly have pierced me had I been
standing.

  I stood up as the trio closed in and, catching
the nearest one around the waist, swung him
from his feet and hurled him against his fellows.
The three rolled, shouting, on the floor, together
while leaping onto the squirming pile, I stamped
and kicked as shrewdly as I knew how. I plant-
ed a heel upon a skull and felt its owner subside.
Another man rose to his knees, but went down

again as I kicked him behind the ear. I sprang
away and made for the levers that controlled*
the exhalations of the tremendous ship.

  One man staggered to his feet and tackled me
around the knees. Down we clattered, while he
tried to stab me with a dagger. Its blade
glanced from a metal rivet in my space-suit and
a moment later I caught and twisted his arm
until he dropped the blade.

  Still he fought to keep me from the levers. My
strength, developed on Earth, was more than
twice his, but he was unhampered by a space-suit
and nearly made up the difference in despera-
tion. Through my helmet's goggles I could see
his distorted face, now close, now receding, and
today it remains the clearest memory of that
fight in the laboratory.

  For half a minute we wrestled and I could not
shake him off. Stern knocking sounded at the
door. Then it partially opened. At the same
time I managed to twist the fingers of my left
hand in my adversary’s hair and jerk his head
forward. Raising my right metal-lined hand
high, I chopped him on the back of the neck with
its edge. He collapsed and I twisted out of hia
grip.

  At the door appeared a throng of Martians,
most of them with weapons of various sorts. As-
tonishment halted them momentarily, else as-
suredly I would have been struck down. But
already I had reached my objective. One mas-
ter lever I pulled—another—another and anoth-
er, until all were thrown wide. A sudden gust
of wind seemed to shriek in the room and in the
corridor beyond. The men at the door fell in a
writhing heap. A strange black exultation, that
had nothing of joy, swelled in me.

  I had succeded in my mission.

CHAPTER IV
Traitor!

A HEAVY wrench was on a stand nearby. I
grabbed it and attacked the air-forming
machinery. At my first blow it rattled. A few
more strokes stopped it entirely. Then I ran
back to the master levers and so hammered and
bent them that it would take some time and labor
to move them from their position. This done, I
sprang over the tortured forms at the door and
ran up the corridor.

  Everywhere, as far as I could see, lay dead and
dying Martians. Singly and two and three deep
they lay, silent or quivering, along my pathway.
But I found a lift and quickly dropped it to the
floor where Nalo was quartered. But a few
seconds more found me at his apartment, from
which, despite my precautions, air was escaping.
Entering, I saw him gasping on the floor.

  “Nalo!” I cried. “Up, man, there's no time to
lose!”

  I lifted him up and reached for his space-suit
where it hung on the wall. He looked at me
uncomprehendingly.

  “Why, Chac? What has happened?”

“I’ve wrecked the atmosphere plant, Nalo,” I
said. “No matter how—I did it. I had to do it.
410	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY,

But I can’t let you die like the rest of them.
Here, get into this suit.”

  He shook himself free and staggered away,
supporting himself against the wall.

  “Wrecked the plant, Chac? You? That’s a
lie—you wouldn’t.”

  “But I did. Everybody is dying and, if you
don’t hurry, you’ll die, too. Come!”

  He struck my hands away. “No help from
you, you false friend!” he cried. “You ingrate,
you traitor! Now you have made me a traitor
as well!”

  He collapsed to the floor, his senses all but
gone. My heart went cold as I knelt and pulled
the suit onto him. He feebly resisted, but the
effort took the last of his strength. I fastened
the helmet onto his senseless head and let in some
oxygen. Unconsciously, his lungs drew in the
life-giving element. I raised him and laid him
on the pallet. Later, when my work was finish-
ed, I would return and save him. He would
have to forgive me.

  But other problems still presented themselves.
In the corridors moved a few men who had been
able to don their space-suits before it was too
late. Perhaps they would find a way to recover
their mighty craft, to prepare it and once more
menace my planet. I must totally disable the
mother-ship.

   The lifts were stalled, and I ran up one flight
of stairs after another until I came to the apart-
ment where the radio bomb controls were locat-
ed.

  Before me was television apparatus. With its
aid I sent one bomb after another roving through
corridors and shafts. The first went to destroy
the steering apparatus, the second to wreck the
engineroom, the third to complete the work I had
done in the air-forming laboratory. Last of all
I directed one to a magazine aft, where a great
store of bombs was kept.

  A moment later the mighty ship trembled in
every atom with the explosion. The ship would
be utterly unfit for movement now, I knew. My
final act was to turn my automatic upon the
bomb controls themselves and, with a series of
careful shots, put them out of commission. Sat-
isfied, I again descended to the level of Nalo’s
apartment and entered.

  The detonation of the magazine had torn metal
beams from the ceiling. Two of them pinned
him down on his pallet. With the strength of
anguish I lifted them away. Too late! His
back was broken.

  But his dead face was no longer stamped with
an expression of hate, as when I had last seen it.
When he had died, loathing for me had not been
with him. Tears ran down my cheeks and fog-
ged the glass goggles of my helmet as I gazed
upon the body of my friend and knew that at the
last Nalo had found it in his heart to forgive me.

  I turned away and, descending to the lowest
levels, found an air-lock. I crept through this
like some noisome creature and walked away
from that colossal and stricken hulk. A little
knot of Martians in space-suits signalled to me
from the distance, but I mounted the inside wall
of the crater unheedingly. At the top I looked
back once at the wrecked mother-ship. Truly, it

would never again send out and receive raiders
of the Earth.

  After a brief moment of searching, I located
my hidden vehicle. Once inside, I swiftly soared
away on the roid back. I took off my helmet
and, tossing it aside, caught a reflection of my
face in the dark, idle glass screen of the televis-
ion. It was haggard, burning-eyed, sorrowful
as death. My experience had wrought a deep
and indelible change in me.

  And that was the end of my adventure, the ad-
venture which, in the minds of many, gives me an
outstanding place among the individual heroes
of the Interplanetary War. Yet neither then nor
ever afterward could I find it possible to rejoice
that it was I who wrecked the mother-ship of the
Martian raiders.

  WAS apathetic enough when I arrived at the
St. Louis rocket port in the early morning,
efore I was through checking in my ship, the
three men who had sent me came rushing up.
Goldansky was congratulatory; Atrim was full of
questions; and my uncle, almost clairvoyant in
his sympathy with me, sensed my feelings and
said little in front of the others. We two strolled
away to his office at last, while I told him the
whole story. When I had finished he clasped
my hand.

  “I’m proud of you, Jack,” he said. “No man
could have had a harder time of it. But I know
that you don’t care to talk any more about it.”

  “I don’t, uncle.”

  “Then let’s stick to shop. You know, of
course, that you’re to lead a combat group back
to the Martian base.”

  “So I understand.”

  An orderly appeared with a communication
from the High Command. The general officers
of the Terrestrial forces had heard of my feat
and were offering their congratulations. Soon
they proposed to entertain me. In the meantime
secrecy must be observed, until the Martian pow-
er on the moon was blotted out forever.

  At first there had been talk of repairing and
garrisoning the enormous shell which I had par-
tially destroyed, but this plan was swiftly dis-
carded. Late in the afternoon of that same day,
I once more took to space, this time in the cabin
of a squadron commander’s ship.

  It was easy to lead the expedition to the scene
of my late conquest. We swooped down like a
flock of vultures, taking up positions on the
flanks of the mighty hulk. Some few survivors
in space-suits came forward eagerly to surrender
as our party entered the air-locks.

  These prisoners were questioned thoroughly.
They readily told our officers that the mother-
ship represented the one Martian base on the
moon, and they also served as guides throughout
the airless corridors.

  A number of the smaller raiding ships were
found to be in fair running order, and these were
manned and loaded with all that could be sal-
vaged. Then, with explosives and disintegrator
rays, wrecking parties set to work on the struc-
ture. For hours they labored, and in the end
the mighty mother-ship was utterly wrecked, no
longer fit as a menace or a threat to the Earth.
WHEN PLANETS CLASHED	411

  I took part in none of this. My only act, after
guiding the expedition to the spot, was to find
and carry out the body of Nalo to take the re-
mains back with me.

  When we returned, and not until then, the
news was broadcast throughout the earth that
the Martian marauders had been obliterated.
Loud was the noise of thankful celebration, and
I feel sure that every person loyal to the Terres-
trial cause took part in it—all save myself.

  For I was concerned with Nalo’s funeral. His
body was burned and the ashes scattered, accord-
ing to Martian usage. His belt, his automatic
pistol, and half a dozen mementoes I put away in
a locker. So long as they exist, they will recall
memories of a gallant and too-faithful friend.

  Goaded and stimulated, the manufacturers of
fighting equipment speeded up their work, and
preparation went on throughout the remainder
of the year. The resources and labors of the en-
tire earth were expended to build thousands of
space-ships, to equip, maintain and train the mil-
lions of men needed to meet the Martians when
the final battle came. Come it would, every
Terrestrial knew. And then, there would be as
tremendous, as awful a conflict as mortal crea-
tures ever saw.

The Crisis Approaches

IT is not for me to discuss the policy of Martian
commanders in sending four separate forces to
attack Earth, instead of combining them into one.
Some commentators have stated that the Mar-
tians made erroneous calculations for the joining
of those forces in space. Others claim that they
hoped to split and destroy separately the Ter-
restrial combat groups. And there have been
rumors of misinterpreted orders and similar
blunders. However, those who really know—
the officers who launched the Martian attack in
the winter of 2676—have remained silent to a
man. Until they speak, the curious must whistle
for an explanation. I, for one, cannot give it.

  In late November of the year 2676, scouts and
radio brought news that a tremendous combat
group had left the enemy planet, now approach-
ing opposition, and was making for Earth at top
speed.

  The number of Martian craft, large and small,
was estimated at 300,000. They were granted
some eighty days in which to come within strik-
ing distance of Earth. So formidable a fighting
organization had never before existed, save on
paper; but we Terrestrials, knowing that our
ready forces numbered more than twice as many
ships, were not panicky. We were more inter-
ested and serious at the news that came early in
December, when a second Martian group, similar
in size and makeup to the first, was reported en
route to Earth.

  Shortly before Christmas orders came direct-
ing all Terrestrial combat units to stand ready
for clearing on the first of February. At that
time we totalled 700,000 craft, ranging in size
from mighty dreadnoughts of space to fleet
scouts that held no more than five or six men.
The crews that would serve and fight these ships
mustered fully forty million. These forces rep-

resented the wealth of a world and the flower
of its manhood.

  A vast armada! But in the first week in Jan-
uary a third mighty mass of Martians was re-
ported on the way. A desperate and almost
even fight seemed assured, with the advantage on
the side of the enemy. Everywhere one heard
laughing and joking, forced out to hide the real
concern which grew steadily as the jumping-off
date approached.

  During the last week of January, I received
orders to report for active duty on the campaign.
In the event of our landing on Mars, I was to help
in establishing Intelligence Department head-
quarters there. My assignment was to the ship
of Flight Commander Putnam, who headed a
group of the swiftest combat ships of the entire
service.

  I quickly made friends with him and with the
junior officers of his ship—Captain Ferman, in
charge of the ray-guns, and Captain Sughrue,
chief of the engineers and flight mechanic. Both
were young men, about my own age, and in-
clined to view the coming struggle in the light
of an exciting adventure.

  They showed me how well equipped was their
craft and its consorts for flight, speed and obser-
vation. Their only wish was for Martians on
which to demonstrate their prowess.

  We cleared from St. Louis, together with a
thousand other ships. All over Earth, rocket
ports saw mighty swarms of ships take to space.
Once outside the limits of the atmosphere, we
speeded up and drew into our appointed position,
keeping contact with foreign units on either hand.

  “Germans to the right,” said the veteran Put-
nam, indicating the positions of our neighbors in
one of the television screens. “Stout fellows
and great space-wranglers, those boys. Our
greatest speed engineers have been German—
Manvel, Pfeffer, Schoenecker and the rest. The
pioneers were Martians, of course, but they had
little to teach these chaps.”

  “And who have we to the left?” asked Ferman.

  “Chinese, I think," answered the commander,
bending his grizzled head close to the screen.
“They’re good men to have along on this sort of
business. Wide-awake, tricky, brave as the
bravest.”

  He turned dials to clarify the image. “That
nearest flight belongs to Wu Ting Fang. I know
him well. His men are perhaps as clever with
ray-guns as you’ll see.”

  “No more so than my Missourians, I’ll bet,”
said Ferman quickly.

  “I hope yours are as good, captain,” replied
his superior. “There will be need for all their
skill.”

  Our ships moved at an easy pace that day, and
the next day, and the next. Our commanders
proposed to operate on the defensive at first,
with the Martians engaging us at a great dis-
tance from their own bases. Both machinery
and morale would suffer from the long journey,
went the argument, and a stiff resistance would
be doubly effective.

  I am sure the battle would have gone accord-
ing to our calculations had the opposing forces
remained as we figured them when we jumped
412	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

off. But, on the morning of the fourth day, an
orderly came from the radio locker to hand Com-
mander Putnam a slip of paper. The officer’s
face became stern when he read it.

  “Gentlemen,” he said to the three of us as we
looked at him in surprised concern, “this is bad.
A final group of Martians has just cleared.”
“How large?” I asked.

   “As large as the others, it says here.”

  Sughrue made a rapid calculation. “Lord!
They have 1,200,000 ships in space this moment!”
he groaned.

  “They could trade us ship for ship and still
have half a million left with which to sack the
cities of Earth!” added Ferman in equally
gloomy-tones. “Even at that, they may have
more to come.”

  “It’s not as bad as it seems,” said the com-
mander. “Our ships are faster and better man-
ned than theirs, and we’re far better armed.
These ray-guns will do a great deal toward even-
ing the odds.”

   It was small comfort, but it served to recall the
two junior officers to better spirits. The news
was relayed to other ships of the flight, while we
in the commander’s ship wondered what change
this latest threat might have in our plans and our
fate.

  We had not long to wonder. The radio order-
ly appeared with another slip. Putnam eagerly
scanned it, then held it out to us.

  “We’re not on the defensive, after all,” he
cried. “We’re going to meet and attack the first
Martian combat group!”

           CHAPTER V
           Earth Smites

AGAIN the news was passed along and Sugh-
rue scampered away to his engines. In a
moment we shot forward at an increased clip.
The television showed our neighbors on all quar-
ters closing in rapidly, and the whole force con-
centrating.

  “What’s our new policy?” asked Ferman.

  “A simple and logical one,” said Putnam.
“Our position is that of a giant who could con-
quer me alone, or you, or Stillwell, or Sughrue,
alone. If the four of us rushed him at once,
however, we could finish him easily. His best
plan, therefore, would be to meet and defeat us
singly.

  “We are a single force of 700,000 ships. The
Martians outnumber us, but they are divided into
four groups, millions of miles apart. We’re fast-
moving and hard-hitting. If we can tackle them
singly, we have a good chance of cleaning them
all up, a group at a time, or at least crippling
them so that they won’t be able to present a men-
ace to Earth.”

  “In the meantime, what happens to us?” I in-
quired.

  “In the meantime, my boy, you have one
chance in I don’t know how many of ever seeing
St. Louis again.”

  Sughrue, back from the engines, called us to
the television apparatus. "The Martians!” he
cried.

   In the screen was the image of a cloud of glit-
tering specks against a black sky, like a strange
new star-cluster. “Martians, sure enough,”
agreed the commander. “The sun shines on
them, making them visible to us. That must be
the first group.” He quickly checked up some
figures on a movable scale. “They can’t be so
much as six hours away.”

  Radio messages came, bearing commands to
stand by and prepare for action. Our screen
showed the Martians shifting to open formation.
Other, larger specks of light moved into our field
of vision.

  “Those are ships of our own advance parties,
far ahead,” said Putnam. “Look—there’s the
flash of a ray-gun. They’re opening the game.”
He turned to the radio orderly. “What have
you now? Well, thank God, here’s our order to
join in. Full speed ahead, Sughrue. We’re go-
ing to get our feet wet!”

  It seemed no more than moments until Fer-
man, with the guns forward, shouted that the
Martians were within range. At almost the
same time, the floor beneath me gave a sharp
lurch.

  “What’s that?” I asked, staggering to keep
my balance.

  “That’s Sughrue,” replied Putnam, holding on
by a rail. “He was snapping us out of the way
of a roving bomb.” He spoke into a microphone.
“Well, Ferman?”

  “The Martians are jumpy, too,” came back
Ferman’s voice. “One big fellow is skipping
away from us like a dog playing with the water
from a garden hose. Whup!” he laughed exul-
tantly. “We’ve put the finger on him!”

  The television showed me half a dozen duels
between members of our flight and Martians.
Putnam, scanning the screen with practiced eye,
rushed a series of radio orders to various ship
commanders. They must have been very good
orders indeed, for in a few moments our flight
had accounted for twelve enemy ships and was
driving away all others for some little distance
around, while only two of our craft were lost.

  “We’ve got ’em on the run!” Ferman’s voice
was crying.

  “Because they weren’t Class A fighters,” said
Putnam, “I’m glad it wasn’t worse, Hi, Orderly!
Radio my compliments to Captain Janecki com-
manding Number Seven. Call his attention to
Number Six, hit by Martians. Tell him to go
aboard and see if he can put her in running order
again. We’ll need her.”

   In the meantime the battle was raging at a lit-
tle distance to our front and to both flanks. Our
superior numbers and armament counted heav-
ily. Television glimpses showed Martians fall-
ing back on every hand, their ranks badly deple-
ted.

  “What now, sir?” asked Sughrue’s voice, mic-
rophoned from the engine-room.

  “Pursuit, orders say,” answered Putnam.
“Full speed ahead again.”

Our flight rapidly overtook a group of retreat-
ing Martians. I went forward to Ferman’s ray-
guns, and through the target-finders saw one,
then another enemy craft explode to nothingness.
“Better for them if they’d stop and fight,”
WHEN PLANETS CLASHED	413

said the young captain. “Humph, that’s just
what they’re going to do! Look at the boys in
our flight. There are Numbers Nine, Twelve
and Thirteen, all tying in. Now the others.
Fifteen’s hit. Too bad—not quick enough to
dodge that roving bomb. Man, how the ray-
guns are coming through!”

  Again the Martians were melting all along the
way. Yet their resistance was not in vain. In
some places, we learned, they gave fully as good
as they received before retreating. At last the
order was sent along to proceed at a reduced
pace, letting the fragments of the enemy group
make their escape.

  Our own flight of thirty vessels had lost but
three, while nowhere in our immediate neighbor-
hood had our companion flights lost heavily. In
the meantime, orders from the High Command
were received in which all Terrestrial units were
praised for the speed and dispatch shown in ad-
ministering defeat to the enemy.

   “If the others are as easily beaten as that, it’ll
be a picnic,” grinned Sughrue.

   As if in satirical answer, the latest radiogram
arrived.

  It told that the second and third Martian
groups had merged into a single mass of 600,000
ships, a body in itself nearly equal to our entire
force. Meanwhile the fourth group was hurry-
ing to join in.

WHAT followed is known to every schoolboy
is remembered at first hand by millions of
veterans on two planets.

  We were no longer in a position where a slight
advantage in offensive weapons would make us
victors. We had shattered one group, yes; but
the three remaining, if combined into one, would
still outnumber us hopelessly. Our salvation lay
in quick maneuvering, and our High Command
knew it. The quickly laid plan, therefore, was
to hurry across space and interpose the Terres-
trial group between the two Martian gatherings.
With things so ordered, we would have a fight-
ing chance for success and survival.

  The fourth Martian group had the start of us,
but here our faster flight mechanism stood us in
good stead. In the six-day dash that ensued, our
formation took the shape of a comet with tail
flaring backward. The head was made up of
the light, speedy units, Putnam’s among them.
Larger and heavier vessels followed, with the big,
slow transports at the very tip of the tail.

  As it was, the race developed into a question
of minutes. The first five or six Terrestrial
flights dashed in between the two hostile bodies
at last, winners by the shortest of noses. The
Martians reeled and hesitated before the blazing
ray-guns, then retaliated with such deadly effect
that practically all the Terrestrial van was wiped
out. The heroic sacrifice of those ships, how-
ever, served its purpose, for, almost at the mo-
ment of joining their fellows, the foremost mem-
bers of the smaller Martian group dropped back
for a moment; and then it was too late. More
Terrestrials sped into the gap, quickly deploying
to keep the Martians separated.

  We were hotly beset on both sides. Putnam’s
twenty-seven ships, going into action close be-

hind the luckless first flights, were diminished by
nine within five minutes. The others, fighting
pluckily against overwhelming numbers of Mar-
tians, would soon have gone the same way but
for the providential arrival of Terrestrial dread-
noughts. These, with long-range disintegrators
effective at thousands of miles, drove back our
immediate antagonists.

  Other flights around us also lost heavily, but
in the meantime the gap was kept open, while
more and more of -our fellows poured into take
up position in it.

  An hour passed before the fighting was on
anything approaching equal terms, and for thirty
minutes the conflict raged unceasingly, while the
Terrestrial position grew constantly stronger and
stronger. We were now like a curtain hanging
between two swarms of wasps of unequal size—
angry wasps, endowed with motion and intelli-
gence, that with murderous valor strove again
and again to tear apart the curtain’s fibers and
join into one enormous and invincible swarm.

  In Commander Putnam’s ship, floating grace-
fully in a locality where the battle had lulled, the
veteran was pouring over diagrams and tables of
figures in an effort to visualize the engagement.

  “Our formation is coin-shaped,” he explained.
“It is thousands of miles across and thousands of
miles thick. This whole battle is being waged
over a section of space large enough to hold
Earth, Mars, and the moons of both planets.”

  “How are we holding up?” asked Ferman, bit-
ing hungrily at an apple which had been his sole
food in twenty-four hours.

  “Splendidly, it seems. I haven’t had much
time until now to compare messages from other
flights, but, so far as I can make out, we’re doing
our part, and more.”

  At this juncture came orders for our unit to
speed to the edge of the position, where all the
fast ships were being gathered to prevent any ef-
fort of one Martian group to creep around our
flank and join the other. It was comparatively
quiet out on the flank of the battle, and we had
time to observe the conflict through our televis-
ion—a conflict that looked like a myriad points
of light against the black sky, a Milky Way that
seethed and churned as the divided Martian
forces strove desperately but in vain to hammer
their way through us and to merge into one army.

  At last the moment arrived when the Terres-
trial force had achieved its desired position and
formation. Then, like a flash, orders were
radioed to ships great and small. The whole
coin-shaped mass swung sharply away from the
larger enemy host and rushed upon the smaller.
The distances, great as they seemed, were rela-
tively as nothing to the mighty space-eating
mechanisms, now roaring at fullest pitch. A
concerted operation of ray-guns withered away
the first ranks of Martians like flies in the flame
of blow-torches. Those further back, confused
by the sudden assault, were slow at resisting.

  Meanwhile our formation suddenly slowed
down in the center and speeded up along the
edge, transforming its shape to that of a dish to
hold the Martians in its center. Our ceaseless
fire from the front was augmented by attacks on
414	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

every flank of the enemy. In vain did the Mar-
tians fight back. It was but a matter of minutes
before the entire group, which had left its native
planet with 300,000 craft, was crumpled up, de-
moralized and shot to pieces.

  Another ordc: flashed out, and we fell away,
none too soon. The larger Martian organization,
surprised for a short space, had rushed upon us
as we turned our backs, and we had to whip
around to defend ourselves. At last we were on
somewhat even terms. At the moment, accord-
ing to government records, each side mustered
about four hundred thousand ships. All others,
totalling nearly a million, had been destroyed or
disabled in the fight.

  And so might we have fought until the work
of destruction was complete and the last craft
dropped to pieces in space. Already Putnam’s
ship bore down on a Martian adversary. Fer-
man was setting his ray-guns upon it, and Sugh-
rue was holding his engines at full tone to dodge
away from bombs. But the newest order was
rushed from the radio. Putnam snatched it.

  “Cease hostilities at once,” he read excitedly.
“An Armistice has been signed.”

And Afterward

AND so, with no decisive victory on either side,
the two forces fell apart and hung silent in
space. A little later came directions for both
sides to return to bases. A truce had been made,
said the dispatches, and Martian envoys were
hurrying to Earth to make terms and pledge bet-
ter understanding.

  Terrestrial delegates were also sent to Mars.
I arrived at St. Louis shortly before their ship
left, and my uncle secured me a place among the
young officers who went as attaches. Early in
March we cleared for a journey that, even when
the craft exerted the utmost power at its com-
mand, seemed to me at least, to be but a crawl.

  We docked in Ekadome, the City of Martian
Rulers, to be courteously received and enter-
tained. That awful battle in space had demon-
strated the utter and dreadful senselessness of
armed conflict. There was grave, courteous dis-
cussion and agreement. Afterward, a dinner
was announced, with the Terrestrials as guests.

  But I slipped away as evening came down,
and hailed a electro-car. The driver eyed my
Terrestrial uniform glumly, but accepted me as a
fare. We slid once more through familiar sub-
terranean ways, to where a lift would bring me
to the surface in another part of the city. With
beating heart I mounted and stood again before
the gateway from which I had once departed al-
most in tears.

  My heart was like ice within me and my eyes
swam as I slowly pushed that gate open and
walked in. The huge, brilliant flowers, the seat
beneath the strange clump, were as they had
been, but no one was there. Walking to the seat,
I dropped into it.

  “Who are you, Terrestrial?” said a startling
soft voice near at hand. I rose quickly and look-
ed to see the dark eyes of Yann as they widened.

  “Yann! Oh, Yann!” I said, and clenched my
hands in desperate futility of speech or action.

THE

“Have you truly come, Chac?” she said in
muffled tones. “Sit down. How tired you
look! And your hair, it is streaked with gray ”
I was sitting again, and once more I felt her
hands on my head.

   “Don’t touch me—don’t touch me!” I cried
wildly. “Yann, I would not have come, had it
not been that I could not stay away!”

   “Chac, you are ill; see how your hands trem-
 ble.”

   “My hands! Yann, do you know that they
are red with the blood of Nalo, your brother?”
“I know it, Chac, I know it.”

   “You know it!” I was aghast. “How could
you know it?”

   “When one world rang with your praise, would
 not the other hear? We all knew what you did,
 alone against thousands. My father cursed you
 bitterly, swore vengeance. Better had he kept
 silent. He was killed in the final battle.”

   Had she wept or screamed or reviled, I might
 have found more to say. I might have offered
 explanations, defenses. But, since her voice was
 soft and calm, I could do nothing but rise in si-
 lence and walk toward the gate.

   “Chac!” Yann was running after me. “Chac,
 where are you going?”

   “To Earth. I must never look at you again.”
 “But, my dear!” she caught my hands. “I
 have lost so much in this war. Must I lose you
 as well?”

   She gripped my shoulders. “I bade you go
and do your part in honor or bravery—don’t you
remember? I prayed, of course, that you and
Nalo might never meet. But things turned out
otherwise—and what else could you have done?”
My heart beat wildly as, at last, I dared look
into her eyes.

   “The worlds now see war in all its scurvy real-
 ity,” she went on. “Well might they have let
 the battle continue so long as one drop of blood
 flowed in a fighting man, or so long as there
 remained a ship or a gun or a bomb. But they
 have stopped, have sworn to forget the strife and
 to build on what is left. Surely, Chac, we can
 follow so good an example?”

   Now I knew her for a thing more lovely, more
 wise and more desirable than even my dreams
 of her had been. I trembled as I put my arms
 around her and drew her pliant form close.

   “I haven’t much time here, Yann,” I murmur-
 ed. “Tomorrow, or the next day, our ship must
 start back, before the planets draw top far apart.
 Will you go with me?”

   “Gladly, dearest love.”

   “You’ll love it on Earth, Yann. The fields
 and meadows are green there, instead of blue and
 red and orange. The days are not too hot, nor
 the nights too cold. And there are mighty seas
 of water, stretching beyond your sight. I can’t
 tell you a tenth of Earth’s beauties. And there
 are friends there too, sweetheart, kind, courteous
 people such as you will love.”

   “I know, I know. How sad that the war was
 needed to assure one world of the humanity of
 the other. But let us sorrow no more, lover—
 come to me!”

   Her kiss was a final comfort and a blessing.

END
WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY	415

Into Plutonian Depths

(Continued from page 365)

 we saw a cluster of wavering lights. Realizing
 how unwise it would be to be seen by any of the
 natives—for might they not detect and frustrate
 our plan?—we began to act with lightning rapid-
 ity. Each of us in turn flung out our arms and
 for one brief moment held the moist-cheeked
 Zandaye close against us; then, while she stood
 lamenting, “My friends, do not go! Do not go!
 You will be frozen!”, we hastily began to leave.

   Resorting to a plan that had often served us
 before, I bent down; while Stark, springing to
 my shoulders, gained a grip on the projecting
 rim of the upper tunnel. With a powerful tug,
 he hauled himself to the base of the stairway;
 then, seizing my hands as I sprang into the air
 and snatched at the gallery’s rocky edge, he
 pulled and strained mightily, until, in a few sec-
 onds, I stood panting in safety beside him.

   “Good-bye, Zandaye!” I cried, gazing down
 upon her sorrowful form.

   “Good-bye, good-bye, Zandaye!” cried Stark.

' “Good-bye, dear friends!” she mourned.
“Good-bye! I will never, never forget you. But
oh, to think you are going into the Desolate Tun-
nels—to be frozen!”

   The glimmering lights from down the corridor
 were now growing much brighter. And so, with
 a last glance back to Zandaye, who stood wav-
 ing and waving to us while still lamenting, “Oh,
 my friends, you’ll be frozen! You’ll be frozen!”,
 Stark and I reluctantly started up the long, dark
 stairway.

*****

   Since we no longer had our flash-lights, it was
 hours before we had felt our way to the top of
 that tremendous, icy flight of steps. Then, com-
 ing out into the open, we found to our joy that
 no storm was blowing, and that the stars and the
 remote, dim sun were shining peacefully through
 the deep twilight of the frozen plains. Exhil-
 arated at the sight of the heavens and at our
 first breath of the outer air after the many
 months of confinement, we began searching for
 our contragrav car, which had disappeared long
 before during the tempest. To our relief, it was
 only a minute before we espied the well-known
 seventy-foot form looming like a blue-white spec-
 ter amid the ice-fields a few hundred yards away.
 Evidently, bewildered by the blizzard, we had
 wandered in circles after losing the car, and had
 been within a stone’s throw of safety without
 realizing it!

THE

   Although encrusted with ice, The Wanderer of
the Shies was undamaged. Our food supplies were
intact within the sealed interior; our scientific
instruments and other equipment had not been
harmed. All that we had to do was to scrape
the ice from the car; to repair the small hole
made by the meteorite; to gather a few tons of
ice for the return trip—and then to enter the
car, adjust the contragrav screens, and start the
gasoline motors...

   But these preliminaries could not be completed
for eight or ten days; and during the interval we
were afraid that the Head Neuter, mastering his
dread of the Desolate Tunnels, would send a
searching party after us, to capture us and bring
us back to justice. . . But nothing so tragic oc-
curred, and finally we had the inexpressible
pleasure of seeing ourselves rise above the plan-
et’s surface...

   Seven months later, after an uneventful trip,
we returned to the earth. But there was an un-
fortunate miscalculation about our landing,
which took us far out of our course and brought
us down on a peak of the Canadian Rockies in-
stead of in the Eastern United States. The Wan-
derer of the Skies, in the violent descent, was smash-
ed to fragments, and its remains are still to be
found amid the snow and ice of that dismal em-
inence. But Stark and I were lucky enough to
escape with only a few bruises, and eventually
made our way back to civilization, although we
had not so much as a scrap of paper or a bit of
Plutonian clothing to display in testimony to
our epoch-making flight. My only memento of
the trip is a large bald spot just above the fore-
head, where my head-lamp checked the growth
of the hair; while Stark retained a bit of the crys-
tal from his lamp, which, however, was found
upon chemical analysis not to differ very much
from the crystal in use in our own world.

  None the less, we are not discouraged. We
are planning to construct a large contragrav car
and make a second flight to Pluto as soon as we
can collect the two million dollars necessary to
defray expenses. We believe that the cost of
the expedition will be repaid by means of the
gold and precious stones which we shall find in
the Afflicted Regions; while at the same time we
are drawn on by the thought of a certain blue-
eyed young lamp-head, Who, we still hope, may
be persuaded to break her vows of Pre-Neuter-
hood and travel with us to the earth.

END

For two hours of enjoyment
treat yourself to Wonder Stories Monthly
See Page 373
for table of contents of May issue
FOR the first occasion on his entire trip, the
elderly Mr. Barton was not enjoying him-
self. He tried to read but laid the book
aside, to rest back frowning in his chair, in the
comfortably cool hotel room. He had looked
forward to this sojourn in Algiers with his young
niece before starting back to New York. Now
Mrs. Crompton, a comfortable but determined
dowager from home, had to intrude on the scene
to mar the serenity of his stay. Not that the
lady wasn’t pleasant and well meaning. She
was just too restless and feverish to meet on a
pleasure trip such as this.

  Mr. Barton had spent the greater part of his
life with the Atlantic Steel Co. as a chemist, a
highly paid and desirable position. He had re-
tired recently, at the age of sixty-four, and im-
mediately started out on an adventure which he

The Winged Menace

by Packard Dow

had looked forward to all his life, but which his
work had previously prevented him from under-
taking. He wanted to tour Europe, every bit
of it.

  But somehow the idea of going alone at his age
seemed a bit tasteless, and he hoped against hope
that he might succeed in persuading his niece,
Susan, to go with him. Her quick and enthus-
iastic assent surprised him and they had set out.
Now they were resting in Algiers, the last place
to be visited, to remain for two weeks before re-
turning to America.

  But relaxation was impossible. On the sec-
ond day as Barton had passed through the lobby
of the European hotel, a woman had fairly
thrown herself upon him saying, “Why, Mr. Bar-
ton, imagine meeting you here and how oppor-
tune. You’re just in time to come along on my
{Illustration by MarcMoni)

The attack came at the next turn. A repulsive mass of black flying monstrosities choked
the passage.

automobile party to visit those mysterious and
awfully old ruins outside the city.”

  Though Barton was surfeited with ruins and
mystery, he reluctantly accepted for himself and
his niece.

* * * *

  In spite of his annoyance, he dozed off to be
awakened by the buzzer on the door. “Is it all
right for me to come in, Uncle?” a feminine voice
came through.

  “Yes, my dear, I guess that I must have been
snoozing,” Barton struggled to stifle a yawn.
The door opened, and a young girl of eighteen
stepped in. One could not help but at once con-
trast the two. The elderly man strong and virile
in spite of his years, with features clear and still
firm. His niece with a strong graceful young
body and her uncle’s features softened and made

beautiful.

  “Guess whom I saw downstairs a minute ago,”
she said. “Mrs. Crompton. She was on the oth-
er side of the room. As I was talking to Dodo
I didn’t have a chance to 3ay hello.”

  “I forgot to mention that I encountered her in
the lobby today,” said her uncle. “She gave us
an invitation which out of politeness I had to ac-
cept. It seems that she had hired two automo-
biles and a guide in order to take some friends
outside the city and show them over some ruins.
Will you mind coming?”

  “I told Dodo that I would let him show me
around the native quarter bazaar tomorrow and
perhaps pick up some interesting bargains. How-
ever, I can break the engagement,” she added
disappointedly.

  “In that case why don’t you invite your Italian
WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

418

count along too,” Barton advised. “I’m certain
that Mrs. Crompton will not mind, in fact if I
know her, she will be pleased. Besides the na-
tive bazaar is bound to be hot and dusty.”

   The girl’s face lighted up, “I’ll do that the first
thing in the morning.” After she had gone to
her room, Barton thought over the new problem
that was beginning to trouble him. He did not
care for the young Italian Count, Dodo, that
Susan was so friendly with. He felt that his
attitude was rather silly, but it existed neverthe-
less. He would rather that she associate with
that nice American in the hotel,

Mr. Stanley. It was evident
that Stanley would like to meet
her.

  Barton did not sleep well,
rising early the next morning.

The discomfort of the long
night added to his disagree-
able mood. He determined
if such a thing was possible,
not to get any pleasure out of
the day’s excursion.

  At breakfast, Susan assured
him that Dodo would be
charmed to accompany the
party.

  Mrs. Crompton’s guests as-
sembled in the hotel plaza at
eleven o’clock. The plan was
to have a light lunch at the
public restaurant out at the
ruins.

 The dowager
was fluttering
about her guests
who were a rather
assorted crowd of
several nationali-
ties. Barton had
met Dodo and did
not approve of him.

He knew that Su-
san had not no-
ticed the little lines
of dissipation lo-
cated around the
eyes and mouth of
the Italian. Other-
wise the man was
tall, athletic, and
good-1 o o k i n g
enough, while he
possessed a care-
fully trained
charm of manner.

  Mrs. Crompton was quite proud of the guide
she had secured. He was a native who evident-
ly had more than the usual run of intelligence
and education.

THE two open touring cars drew up and the
party piled in. Mr. Barton found himself in
the back of the second car beside an English gen-
tleman of about his own age and a comfortable
German spinster whose age was uncertain, both
of whose names he had not caught. The cars

started off each with a distinct jerk.

  Barton felt the need of conversation. The
German spinster seemed absorbed in the scen-
ery, so he turned to the Englishman for inspira-
tion.

  “I’m Mr. Ralph E. Barton,” he began as a
means to accomplish his end.

  “And I am Stephen Allison of London,” the
other answered genially. “Are you personally
acquainted with our hostess?”

  “She is a very old friend of mine. By the
way what are these ruins we are going to see?

I must admit that I have been
heretofore in total ignorance
of their existence.”

“Few people know of them,
and that is remarkable consid-
ering their antiquity and num-
erous strange features. I have
visited the place before, so I
know of what I speak. I will
say frankly that I cannot de-
cide what people built this
temple if that is what it was.
The style could never by any
stretch of the imagination be
termed Egyptian.”

“That sort of thing is a little
out of my line since I am a
chemist by profession,” Barton
said interestedly, “but I can’t
understand why the ruins are
not better known if they have
the peculiarities you name.”
“For one thing,”
came the answer,
“they are outside
the native quarter.
Also they are close
to civilization and
easily accessible.
We fellows have
become accustom-
ed to making our
most valuable finds
in the far places of
the globe. Then
there are a lot of
dark superstitions
surrounding the
place. If you are
certain that it will
not bore you, I will
give an idea of a
few.”

 The car was
passing through the native quarter. Unsavory
sights and smells greeted them. Barton was
finding his new acquaintance interesting.

  “Not in the least,” he replied earnestly, “Go
ahead!”

  “To come right to the point, the place is re-
puted to be the abode of a host of vampires. The
tale that has been handed down among the na-
tives is that hundreds of years ago, about the time
of the Renaissance, I figure, the skies were dark-
ened one day at sunset. A great horde of vam-
pires circled above the city in the form of huge

OUR folk-tales and legends are filled with
horrible stories of grotesque beings, and
supernatural occurrences. Man, at first,
placed absolute belief in these tales but, as his
intelligence and knowledge progressed, he
scorned them as the outpourings of gloomy sup-
erstitious minds. But the cycle has again turned
and man seeks more eagerly than ever in many
of the superstitions of the past for the particles
of truth that may exist in them, and that may
give us new light on queer phenomena of nature
that our ancestors observed. Mr. Dow has taken
one such ancient tale and shown how, when
traced to its source, it could lead to a most amaz-
ing series of adventures.
THE WINGED MENACE	419

bats to descend into the ruins. The inhabitants
rushed indoors to bar all doors and windows.
When they finally summoned courage enough to
venture forth, the vampires had disappeared.
They had entered the vaulted chamber at the
top and sought refuge in the depths. From that
time until today, they have preyed by night up-
on young and old. Queer idea, isn’t it?’’

  “It is,” Barton answered. “One almost won-
ders how such elaborate folk lore can be built up
from practically no basis.”

  “I’m not so sure that there is no basis,” the
Englishman declared earnestly. “Absolutely
reliable witnesses have observed some strange
things around here.”

  “You are not insinuating that you actually be-
lieve such nonsense,” Barton queried indignant-
ly-

  “Do not misunderstand,” Allison intervened in
an aggrieved tone. “I mean that a cause ex-
plainable in terms of science could underlie all
this superstition. I have a theory all my own
explaining the fabled existence of vampires. It
is true that many of the medieval tales concern-
ing giants, dragons, and pigmies have been traced
back for their origin to the one time existence of
great prehistoric monsters and bestial types of
men of prodigious strength and unusual size.
Why could there not have been at one time a
race of super-intelligent blood-sucking bats who
preyed upon early mankind whenever possible
but who now had become almost extinct-?”

  “That sounds reasonable enough,” Barton ven-
tured. “We know that some mighty strange
forms of life dwelt on land and beneath the sea
in those days. I suppose that fossil remains of
such a species would have been found if they
ever existed.”

  “Their bone structure might have deteriorated
quickly,” explained Allison. “The main thing
about this possible race is that they must have
been of a high order of intelligence, even ap-
proaching that of humans in some ways. Well,
here we are, at the ruins so you can see them for
yourself.”

  The cars had left the city, and the destination
of the excursionists was just ahead. An artifi-
cial hill it seems had been thrown up in the mid-
dle of the plain. At various points on its steep
sides, were level spaces. These extended up to
within one hundred feet of the top on which a
large pyramid-like structure was situated.

The Story of the Pyramid

THE latter gave a sinister touch. People were
passing gaily around on the lower levels or
taking lunch at the clusters of tables. Alone,
etched against the sky, however, the pyramid ap-
peared deserted and menacing. If in a position
to catch a glimpse within, one received an impres-
sion of dark unearthly shadows which no amount
of sunlight could dispel.

  “I see you’re fascinated already by the spell
of the upper building,” the Englishman smiled in-
dulgently. “That is the entrance to the lower
depths. Many watchers claimed to have seen
leviathan-like bats come forth through it at sun-
set and return at dawn after a night of evil mar-

auding. Only a few whites have ever gone up
there and no natives. There is only a tortuous
path to go by.”

  “How about those who have gone up?” Barton
asked curiously. “Did they see anything to
shock their sensibilities?”

  “Many of them met with disaster. A great
black hole of unknown depth lies in the center
of the pyramid. No one has ever gone down the
hole and returned. In the year 1910, three boys
decided to go up. The visiting tourists below
heard them cry out, and several men rushed up.
When they got there, not a sign of the three was
to be found. The natural conclusion was that
they had all fallen down the hole. The authori-
ties did not permit any attempts to recover their
bodies, for there would be too much danger of a
cave-in.

  “Defiantly a party of young Americans sneak-
ed out one night soon after the disaster with a
rope ladder. One returned with a tale of horror
stating how his companions had been seized by
black flying monsters with long talons who had
disappeared bearing them down the black hole,
and how he had escaped the raking claws only
because he was nearest the entrance.

  “He was called mad. Scoffers showed how
the deep scratches he exhibited had been ac-
quired by the slide down the hill and that his
friends had fallen into the pit in the dark. I
remember more stories, but the details are rath-
er dim.”

  The cars had spanned the remaining distance.
The occupants were getting out and stretching
their legs before looking over the ruins under the
care of the guide. The latter not only spoke
English without a flaw, but wore European
clothes as though accustomed to them. Barton
graciously thanked his new friend for relieving
the monotony of the ride. Immediately he ex-
cused himself to look for his niece.

  “Isn’t this place just thrilling?” she exclaimed
happily. “I never thought that it was going to
be anything at all like this.”

  “I’m beginning to like it myself,” her uncle
agreed striving to create a reluctant breeze with
his panama. The guide then directed the party
to follow him and they started off. The levels
were connected by stone steps thrown up at a
recent date, each level circling the hill complete-
ly. The party passed around them all pausing
to peer at the unfamiliar inscriptions and listen-
ing to the guide’s clear informative explanations.
At last the highest level was reached.

  Mrs. Crompton held up her hand and beamed.
“Now everybody, I have it all arranged for us
to have luncheon up here before starting back.”
The group had become hungry by that time, so
they moved enthusiastically to the tables. Bar-
ton had drifted away from his niece and her es-
cort to return to chat with Mr. Allison. They
found a table together.

  Suddenly Susan stood before them her cheeks
flushed and her eyes sparkling.

  “Oh, Mr. Allison, this is my niece, Susan,” stat-
ed Barton by way of introduction.

  “That is indeed surprising,” said the English-
man. “I thought at first,' Miss Norton, that you
were father and daughter.”
420	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  “People often make that mistake,” she laugh-
ed. “I suppose we do look alike.”

  Turning to her uncle, “Dodo and I have just
found out that no one has climbed up to the top
of this hill since way back before the war. He
wants me to make the attempt with him. Please
don’t refuse now; it will be all right," noting his
quick frown.

  Barton considered quickly. He did not want
to make himself appear ridiculous before the girl
by voicing any nonsensical superstitions. Yet he
distinctly did not like the idea of her climbing up
there, especially with that Italian, about whom
he knew nothing. Perhaps he could get some-
body to go with them.

  “Mr. Allison has been telling me about the
structure up on top,” he said slowly. “There is
a deep hole of unknown depths inside, and peo-
ple have fallen down it to their deaths. If you
go, promise to be very, very careful.”

  “Oh uncle, don’t worry. We won’t do any
more than peek inside.”

  “All right, I won’t object, but please look out
where you step. Starting now?”

  “No, not till after lunch.”

WHEN she left them, her uncle sighed. “I
suppose it’s asinine of me, because she will
take care of herself, but I don’t like the idea.”

  “I don’t either,” Allison acquiesced gravely.
“What kind of a chap is this young Count my
niece is with? I must admit I’m curious.”

  “Oh he’s harmless,” the Englishman laughed.
“Been around the hotel for several weeks now.
I rather imagine he wants to get married provid-
ed the girl’s sufficiently rich for him to keep up
the family traditions.” He stared over Barton’s
head.

  “The guide wishes to speak to you,” he ad-
vised quietly. “He’s giving me the high sign.”
Barton looked around. The fellow did look as
though he had something to impart. He walked
up to the native questioningly.

  “A thousand pardons, Monsieur, for interrupt-
ing your repast,” the latter pleaded, “but I beg of
you, do not permit your young niece to accom-
pany the Italian up to the entrance.”

  “Just what do you mean?” Barton asked stern-
ly. “Did you eavesdrop on our conversation?”
“Monsieur,” the guide was not offended, “My
overhearing was an accident. Please pardon
what I have to say. You can see that I am no
ordinary guide. I have gone to school and trav-
eled in many lands, even your great America, but
western knowledge has not spoiled my eastern
perceptions. Inhuman creatures that feast on
the blood of men sleep by day beneath these
ruins. Your niece, she is young. It will not do
for them to get her.”

  Barton nodded appreciatively. “I believe that
your warning was well meant. I do not want
my niece to go up there alone. I would go with
her, but the climb is too much for me, so I am
asking you to go instead.”

  The native cringed and gazed apprehensively
upward.

  “I am willing to do anything you say, Mon-
sieur, but I beg of you, I could not do that.”
“You are afraid?”

  “Any man who claims not to fear the super-
natural is either a liar or a fool.”

  “However you will if I make it worth your
while. Ten American dollars?” Barton reached
in his pocket and pulled out the bill.

  The guide eyed it wistfully. “Monsieur, I
would not go up to that place for all the gold
in the world'ordinarily, but my little boy is ill.
The doctor says that if he does not go to a hospi-
tal right away he will die. With this money, I
will have enough for him.”

  “Do so, and I will make it fifteen,” Barton
smiled generously, as he reseated himself at his
table.

  The party gathered around to watch Susan, the
Count, and the guide start up. Worn narrow
steps formed their only path. Hands as well as
feet had to be used as a means of propelling one’s
self.

  Up they climbed. They were visible until
with a wave they were lost from sight over the
edge. An interval of anxious waiting followed.
The native waiters on the tables stood appre-
hensively about shaking their heads. Their
ideas on the matter were clear. Ten minutes
passed. “It’s about time they were coming
down,” Barton thought. “Nothing can be
around the building to see that they haven’t
looked over by now.”

  Suddenly the silence was broken by a series
of shrill screams and hoarse shouts. The sounds
had a horrible quality which chilled the blood.
It made one feel that those emitting them were
seeing things unspeakable.

  The guide came sliding down. His clothes
were torn and stained with blood from deep
scratches. All his European mannerisms had
been washed away in a flood of fear. He lay
muttering in his own tongue, Allison catching
the words that the two explorers were “Lost—
lost. . . .”

  Any attempts to cajole mother native into ac-
companying Barton on a search of the ruins
would have been futile since most of them had
departed. No one else in the immediate party
was capable of making the climb, and as the
guide could not be persuaded to give a coherent
story of what had happened, Barton struggled
up the steep incline himself. Allison had gener-
ously swung up behind him.

  Both the elderly gentlemen were exhausted at
the end of their climb. But they did not stop.
If the pyramid had seemed sinister from a dis-
tance, it fairly chilled one standing on the sum-
mit beside it. The surrounding country spread
out before one’s gaze. The city and its inhabi-
tants might have been a million miles away. The
hill top had a weird unreal atmosphere all its
own.

  The two men were not unaffected by the feel-
ing that pervaded the spot, but they did not per-
mit it to deter them. Both rushed around the
building treading on the dark unwholesome vege-
tation which emitted a most repulsive odor. For
all the evidence here, no one had visited the spot
in a thousand years.
THE WINGED MENACE	421

Futile Efforts

il /~v BVIOUSLY nothing is out here,” exclaimed

  VJ Allison impatiently. “Let’s look in. We’d
better be careful. We don’t know what we
could fall into.” They went to the entrance and
looked within. Something seemed to be scurry-
ing to cover in a dark corner. The flapping of
broad wings was suggested, but no movement
was discernible. A feeble light illuminated the
interior.

  The floor looked solid enough, so Barton and
Allison stepped in. Immediately, the suggestion
of sound came again, but nothing that might
have been responsible for it was in sight.

  Allison’s description of this place was verified
in one essential. A hole yawned in the exact
center, and it seemed to contain the very es-
sence of blackness. The searchers passed over
to peer into the depths. Again the faint rustle.
This time, two fiery red eyes peered at them from
a corner only to disappear immediately. Bar-
ton alone saw them, but laid it to his imagination
and made no mention to his companion.

  “My God,” he managed to gasp. “Do you
think they fell down here? My niece is all I
have. I can’t bear it.” He broke down com-
pletely.

  “Steady,” Allison admonished sympathetical-
ly. “We have to get back, man,, and secure
help.”

  Barton steadied himself and allowed his new
friend to lead him out. They lowered them-
selves down carefully. Allison spoke to Mrs.
Crompton, “I am sorry that this interruption has
occurred, but we will have to dash off to get
help. A terrible accident has just happened
to the Italian and Mr. Barton’s niece. Could
we take one of the cars?” Mrs. Crompton hys-
terically agreed.

  The guide who had recovered something of
his poise, offered to drive the car for them to the
nearest native police station. On the way Bar-
ton sat hunched up in the seat. He had been
stricken mute by his loss.

  Allison took the initiative by paying the man
his fifteen dollars and requesting him to give a
coherent account of what had happened.

  “Monsieur,” he began, “it all came about as I
had expected. The young lady and her escort
walked about outside admiring the view. Fin-
ally the Count suggested finding out what was
inside. She demurred, but he pleaded until she
agreed. I stood at the door watching. They,
passed over to look down the vast hole.

  “Messieurs, that place is the entrance to pur-
gatory. Without warning it vomited forth its
hideous denizens. The girl and her escort were
seized by talons each of which must have been
possessed of the strength of twenty men. They
were borne downward. The creatures tried to
take me too, but as I was near the entrance, I es-
caped the claws. The beasts will not emerge
into the daylight.”

  “Are you certain that you saw correctly?” Al-
lison persisted. “Might not a portion of the
floor have given way and you imaginedthe rest?”

  “I swear to all I have stated,” said the guide
sincerely.

  The car drew up before a new modern build-
ing contrasting sharply with the older more pic-
turesque surrounding structures. Barton roused
from his stupor got out, Allison accompanying
him. He paused motioning to the driver. “You
had better come along. Your statements may
be required.”

  The Englishman made clear the details to the
native official who listened until the end. The
latter then spoke. “My sympathy goes to both
of you especially the gentleman who has lost his
young niece. But I fear that nothing can be
done.”

  “What do you mean?” shouted Barton. “Why
they may be down at the bottom there suffering
agonies.”

  “Monsieur, pray be calm,” requested the offi-
cial quietly. “No one can fall down that hole
and live. The truth is, my men are a little afraid
of the place. I doubt very much whether I could
prevail upon any of them to go down to bring
up the bodies. The risk of a cave-in would be
too great.”

  “Poppycock,” Barton stormed. “The hole has
never fallen in yet. It’s not likely to happen
now. I’ll put my case before an authority who
doesn’t fear his own shadow. This isn’t the last
you will hear of this matter, sir.” He stamped
out angrily leaving the official shrugging his
shoulders.

  “What do you plan to do?” Allison queried
helplessly.

  “I will go to the American Consul. Maybe he
can do something. Such inaction is inhuman.”

  “An excellent idea,” enthused the Englishman.
“Here guide, drive us to the American Consul’s
residence.”

  That individual fortunately was found at home.
He proved sympathetic and immediately got in
touch with a high French authority.

  After much conversation, he hung up the re-
ceiver and announced triumphantly, “I’ve fixed
things for you, so you needn’t worry any longer.

  “A car will be around in a few minutes. In it
there will be three native police and a seventy-
foot rope ladder. You will proceed to the ruins.
The police shall descend the hole and bring up
the man and girl. I sincerely hope,” he turned
to Mr. Barton, “that your niece is not as badly
off as might be supposed.”

THE machine came as promised. Barton was
more alert, tensed and eager. He seemed to
have been cheered. But the faces of the natives
were stolid. If they felt nervous, they did not
show it.

  Sunset only two hours off, the ruins were ab-
solutely deserted. No native ever went there
near that hour. The little tables were all turned
on end, the proprietors having gone with the
others. The police began to converse and ex-
change affrighted glances after stopping at the
base of the hill.

  “We had best start up right away before these
blighters begin to show the white feather in ear-
nest,” Allison whispered. The natives helped
the elderly gentlemen up the last steep climb and
all five entered the pyramid. Once more came
the faint rustle in a dark corner but nothing
422	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY,

emerged. The rope ladder was lowered for thir-
ty feet before getting any slack. One of the
natives started out to tie it around a stone.

  The Englishman had a small flashlight which
the consul had kindly given him. He flashed it
on a corner and revealed there suddenly was a
singularly repulsive creature. It looked like a
giant bat, but in many respects, it differed from
one. It appeared longer, while the watchers felt
as though it had an uncanny intelligence.

  Only for a second, did the light play upon the
corner. Allison’s attention was distracted by
the fleeing natives who had seen too. Instantly a
dim shape flew over to the hole dropping into
it.

  A dull roar came up from below. The Eng-
lishman, white faced, grasped his friend to pull
him roughly out into the open.

  “That devil I disturbed went to bring up his
companions,” he muttered. “Let’s get down
from here.”

  For the second time that day, the two descend-
ed the hill. The natives had taken the car, and
the only alternative for the two men was to walk
back to the town. Inside the city, a cab was
hired to convey them back to the consul’s home.
He was absent, and they had to wait a half hour
before he returned. The tale was related at
that time.

  The Consul shook his head at the finish, “You
must remember that those fellows with you are
easily startled by little events. Bats are often
found around old dark deserted places. The
large one whose slumbers you interrupted looked
much bigger in the semi-gloom than he probably
was. However, we will try again.” He jigger-
ed the phone and began to speak in French after
getting his party. He seemed to become more
and more worried as the conversation progressed.
He hung up the receiver despairingly at the end.

  “I’m sorry, gentlemen, but your native friends
evidently have cooked things for us nicely. The
official with whom I just conversed tells me that
they returned an hour ago saying that the ruins
caved-in as they started down. A very plausible
fabrication of lies. So much in fact that it was
accepted without a doubt. I have been assured
that any further attempts to descend into the
ruins will not be sanctioned because of their evi-
dent foolhardiness.” Little more could be said
and the two friends departed.

  A council of war was held that night in Bar-
ton’s room.

  Allison was speaking, “The question to be de-
cided first is whether or not your niece and the
Italian fell down the hole or were carried down.
Now don’t accuse me of bringing my rather fan-
tastic theories to bear on the case just because
they appear to be related to one another. We
possess certain evidence that w^ cannot over-
look- I will group it for your benefit.

  “I. Some credence must be allowed to the
tales of intelligent observers around the ruins in
the past.

  “2. The tale of the native guide today.

  “3. Peculiarities which I just recollected con-
cerning the last screams of your niece and the
Count. They seemed to fade away gradually.

In case of a fall, there would have been time
for only one, not a series of cries.

  “4. Why they should have fallen down the
hole when it was in plain sight before their
eyes?

  “5. The similarity of the guide’s tale and that
of the young American whose companions died
in 1910.

  “6. The strong possibility that the creature
we saw today was a guard stationed there. We
went in too quickly for it to get down the hole
and warn his comrades both times.”

  “Your arguments are convincing,” nodded Bar-
ton, who had aged ten years. “I should hate to
think of her in the clutches of those monsters.”
He recoiled shuddering.

Into the Depths

«T DON’T wish to be so brutally frank,” Alli-

  1	son apologized, “but I think that she would
be better off in that event, for we would have a
chance of saving her. If they are alive, these
creatures probably have her down there in some
cave. We have every reason to believe that the
bate feast on blood, preferably that of humans.
They are intelligent, however, and only take a
little from their victims at a time so that recup-
eration of the victim will be possible until the
next blood letting. That is the method of the
vampire bats of Central and South America.
Shall we consider them alive and merely waiting
to be rescued?”

  “I am willing to do so,” Barton agreed, “al-
though I cannot help but fear we are on the
wrong track. Granted that you and I look upon
the matter in the same light, what course of pro-
cedure to pursue? It is to be conceded that they
are an entirely unfamiliar type of animal in mod-
ern times, and we can only guess at their char-
acteristics, although it is foolish to suppose that
they are supernatural. We are too old to be
physically fitted to make an attack on the strong-
hold of these creatures. If there was only a
younger man to help us. I don’t see how the
services of anyone here could be enlisted in such
a fantastic adventure.”

  A knock was heard on the door. Barton ans-
wered and before him stood the young man he
had wanted Susan to meet, Ralph Stanley.

  The latter was saying, “I’m sorry to break in
on you at such a time, but I have heard of your
misfortune and want to help if possible.”

  Barton quietly motioned the visitor to a seat.
“You have come at a most opportune moment,”
he said. Carefully he looked the young person
over noting his strength, his candid open face in-
dicating honesty and sincerity.

  Then he gave the details omitting nothing.
Stanley was incredulous but stuck to his resolu-
tion. A bond seemed to grow between the three
comparative strangers.

  Talking it over a definite plan of action was
suggested. “We have to purchase three .45 auto-
matics,” stated Allison, “along wilh ammunition.
Mr. Barton tells me that he is not very adept in
using firearms. I am pretty fair at it myself.
How about you?”

“I was on the rifle team in college,” Ralph
THE WINGED MENACE	423

answered. “That was several years ago though.
It’s hard to say what I could do today especially
with a revolver.”

  “No need to worry. I expect that if anything
has to be shot at you will be closc enough to do
the job accurately. I suggest that we arm our-
selves and move out to the ruins late tomorrow
afternoon. At that time no troublesome persons
will be encountered to ask questions. We will
climb up to the top once more. By the way, our
little adventures along that line have made me
feel quite athletic.

  “Once there we Will make use of the rope lad-
der our native friends did not take with them on
the occasion of their last visit. Then we have
long burning flashlights for each to aid in ex-
ploring the depths below. If your niece and the
Italian are there, Mr. Barton, we will get them
if it is necessary to kill every damn’ brute in the
place.”

  Ralph wondered whether he had gone out of
his mind as he left the two older men that night.
Why had he offered to participate in such an af-
fair? There was but one answer, the girl. Fun-
ny that he should feel this way about her. She
had never yet spoken to him. He had seen her
around the hotel with the Italian and she had
seemed wrapped up in him.

  Stanley thought ruefully that enough adven-
ture should have come his way hunting big game
in the Sudan. Now something was compelling
him to venture down into the corridors of some
ruins in search of a girl and man, mainly for the
girl, whom he had never seen previous to a few
days ago.

  The ensuing hours passed slowly for all, but
the time to start came at last. Ralph bucked up
in determination. The trip out was made in a
cab and after a slight pause at the hill’s base,
they began the climb, the two older men being
helped along by the younger. Two of the group
felt as though they were embarking upon some-
thing unreal, acting a meaningless part, Allison
alone being impressed with the reality of the
menace they faced.

  The sentry must not be given a chance to take
alarm and dive down to warn the sleeping hordes,
he realized. The pyramid was approached
quietly from the side. All three dashed sudden-
ly in at the same time flashing the piercing rays
of light into the corners.

  Ralph unearthed the bat-guard, pressed back
as far as possible into a crack in the wall. His
eyes gleamed wickedly under the penetrating
beam but he started for the hole with a rustle of
black wings. Stanley’s pistol spoke sharply.
The thing flapped wildly and fell, but into the
hole.

  “I’m certain I hit him,” Ralph enthused.

  “I hope so,” Barton said gravely. “If he just
fell to the bottom of this shaft, we mayn’t have
disturbed any of the creatures.”

  The rope ladder lay untouched. Barton and
Ralph were to descend leaving the Englishman
on guard. Barton wished to be on hand when
Susan was found, while Ralph was needed in case
of an encounter. Allison was to cover their re-
treat upward with a gun.

EXPERIENCING the sensation of descending
into nothingness, Barton stopped onto the
first rung of the ladder, the younger man right
above him. His were the sharper eyes, so his
position was an advantage in scanning the depths.
His weapon was in the hand that clasped the
supporting rung, the flashlight in the other.
Time after time, he sent the beam exploring the
darkness, but it revealed no living thing.

  “How far down have we to go?” he asked
hoarsely.

   “It took thirty feet of rope ladder to reach
the bottom before. I wish we would get some-
where soon. These plagued bugs are crawling
all over my face.” The walls were alive with
loathsome vermin. Ralph suppressed an urge
to cry out when an unpleasant form slithered
across the back of his neck.

  He looked above. He saw Allison’s light but
was unable to distinguish the Englishman. Again
he flashed his own beam downward. This time
it uncovered a mass of green slime shimmering
in the circle of radiance.

  “Do you see that?” he called. “How deep do
you suppose it is?”

   “I’ll see,” Barton replied. “It is not so bad.
It comes up to my knees, no further.”

   In another moment Ralph was by his side. “It
is pretty squashy,” he said. “The stuff’s running
down into my shoes. I don’t see anything of the
bird I shot down just now.” A horrible suspi-
cion flashed to his mind. He immediately for-
got it in the other man’s cry. He followed his
hypnotized stare and shouted also. There in a
black corridor leading away to the caves pro-
bably, were eyes, red flaming eyes.

  No bodies were seen, just eyes, hundreds of
them crowding about and away as far as could
be seen. The urge to flee was all powerful.
Stanley’s brain told him that these were crea-
tures of the supernatural. Suddenly he remem-
bered why he was down at the bottom of that
hellish hole. He must not fail now.

   He boldly flashed the light straight at the ob-
jects of his fears. His fears had been idiotic.
!The black bodies were visible now, and from them
came a sickening sweet odor. They scurried
back away from the blinding whiteness which
tortured their unaccustomed gaze. Ralph raised
his .45 and fired to experience the satisfaction of
seeing one of the eyes go out. He would have
done it once more, but the old man grasped his
arm.

  “Save your ammunition,” he warned tersely.

  “Where do we go from here?” Ralph laughed
nervously. “I frankly don’t think that it is ad-
visible to try to get through armed with only
automatics.”

   “Those devils would have us torn to pieces be-
fore taking ten steps. Let’s start back up.”
During their excitement, the two had been un-
aware to Allison’s faint shouts as to whether they
were all right.

  Ralph shouted back, “Get ready to cover our
retreat. We’re coming back up.” They might
have reached safety if Barton had not suffered
a fall. The old gentleman slipped on the slimy
stone floor, and his knees buckled beneath him.
He went down completely submerged in the put-
424	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

rid water. Stanley hastened down to help him
up.

  The bats at once sensed that the invaders were
inconvenienced and chose that moment to make a
strategic move. Eight of them flew forward.

  Ralph was forced to drop Mr. Barton to fire.
Trying to aim was out of question. He just shot
into the passage making a hit every time. How-
ever, some creatures got by. Surprisingly they
didn’t stop to give battle. Instead they flew up
with evident purpose to the top of the well.

  The sounds of shots floated down. A flash-
light struck Ralph on the shoulder. Four of the
beasts had gotten past, one fluttered back down
wounded.

  Stanley again picked up the old man after as-
certaining that no more were coming. The lat-
ter sputtered vigorously while he wiped the green
slime away from the face with his handker-
chief.

  “I have drunk about two quarts of the foul liq-
uid,” he growled savagely. “What happened?”

  When Ralph had told him, he exclaimed, “I
hope that they haven’t injured Allison. Has he
called down lately?” Ralph replied in the nega-
tive. They both shouted upward, but there was
no response. And in the dark corridors ques-
tioning eyes, hundreds of them, watched and
waited. . . .

  “I think that we had better stick to our pur-
pose of starting up,” Barton announced decisive-
ly. No sooner had he spoke than the rope lad-
der fell at his feet.

  “Looks as though I should have crossed my
fingers,” he declared ruefully. Suddenly his
eyes gleamed with intelligence. “I have it. Do
you know why those bats flew past you.” Stan-
ley had to admit that he did not. “They wanted
to cut off our retreat. At the top of the shaft,
they overcame Allison before he could get them
all with his gun. They next proceeded outside
regardless of the fact that the sun hasn’t set and
loosened the rope from the rock around which
it had been hung.”

“We Are Saved!”

(<T WONDER if Mr. Allison went to secure

  1	help,” Stanley muttered.

  "Nothing remains but to wait,” the other ad-
vised. “The authorities are reluctant to investi-
gate disasters occurring under the shadow of
these ruins. We have discovered that in the past.
Let’s hope that an exception is made in this case.”

  “These fellows haven’t come any closer,”
Ralph announced, flashing his torch in the direc-
tion of the silent hordes. “I don’t expect to be
bothered by the ones at the top. They have a
healthy respect for guns.”

  Ralph had forgotten a momentary suspicion in
the rapid passage of events. Now it returned to
be rejected. No such fears were worth consid-
ering. Their feet had tread about all over the
slime covered floor. It wasn’t possible.

  “Say, we have forgotten something,”’ he said
suddenly. “Didn’t one of the brutes fall just
now?”

  “That’s right,” Barton observed. “I wonder
where he has gone.”

  They found it floating against the wall badly
hit. It had not died. The hate in its eyes bore
witness to that truth. Ralph moved closer to
make an inspection. The thing made a weak
but effective jab which tore his pants leg across
the front. He contended himself with making
his observations from a more discreet position.

  The creature was a member of a bat species.
However, it could hardly be termed a scion of a
lowly race. The skull showed a startingly tre-
mendous possibility for brain capacity. The
eyes were proportionally huge and luminously
red with tiny horizontal black slits for pupils.
The head was mounted over a big bulging chest.
Muscular claws protruded from it, while the
wings grew down the back. The rest of the body
tapered away. It was here that the blood sacs
were situated. When the creature’s mouth drew
back, two sharp hollow teeth, long, curved, and
set in front were revealed. Blood, his only diet,
was sucked through them after being inserted
in the victim’s neck.

  Satisfied as to the kind of thing he had to deal
with, Ralph turned to Barton. “Think I had best
put a bullet into him,” he suggested. He took
up the .45. Somehow the hand holding the gun
shook, and the shot entered the lower extremi-
ties, not the eye, as had been intended. Drench-
ing blood spewed forth carrying with it the re-
pulsive odor which all the bats left around their
immediate vicinity.

  “That fellow has feasted well lately,” Barton
remarked bitterly, his face twisted in revulsion.
“Some poor native or animal gave up the blood,
furnishing the meal.” Another shot was neces-
sary to kill.

  “Legend has it that these birds are hard to ex-
terminate,” said Ralph with a smile. “I believe
it now. Imagine driving a wooden stake into the
heart of one of them and then cutting off the
head to stuff the mouth with garlic when they
smell bad as they do. Not a job I would care to
tackle. Those superstitions were funny. These
creatures are perfectly natural, but they are
evidently of an unknown race.”

  But soon the man had nothing to divert them.
They stood, it seemed, for hours in the slime lean-
ing when weariness made support absolutely nec-
essary, against the vermin-covered wall. Ralph
knew that he would go mad if help did not come
soon. He became so weakened that often he
would slump into a sitting posture.

  If he faltered now the vampires would come
on him before he was entirely dead. A pair of
hateful orbs would stare into his own, while the
two teeth would sink into his throat to slowly
suck away the blood of life. Mr. Barton was be-
ginning to babble incoherently tc himself. He
too was going mad.

SHARP reports came suddenly from above.
A black body hurtling past, spurting blood.
Allison’s voice came down asking whether they
were all dead and stating that help had come.
Ralph reassured him and then clutched the old
man. “Do you hear? We’re saved.” Barton
looked back dumbly scarcely appreciating their
good fortune. A new rope ladder brushed their
heads. Ralph realized that the old man was in
THE WINGED MENACE	425

a far too exhausted state to make the climb, so
he motioned him to. step on the first rung.

  He tied Barton securely and called, “Pull up!”
A few minutes longer to wait, and the ladder
was there for him. Would the bats get him at
the last moment? He strained his tired muscles
to pull his body up rung after rung. The glow of
the electric torches was visible. The creatures
had come out into the bottom of the pit. Well
let them. He was halfway up.

  Suddenjy they started for him. He stopped to
fire and was unable to pull the trigger.

  “Continue, Monsieur!” came a voice in Eng-
lish. “We will care for the devils.” Simultan-
eously the men at the top started to shoot. Stan-
ley did not pause again to look back. He climb-
ed madly until he lay on the floor with a French
soldier forcing liquor out of a flask into his
throat.

  A squad of French soldiers raked the hole with
their rifles. The corporal signaled them to
cease firing. “They have retired,” he announced
brusquely in his native tongue. Feeling a little
dizzy, young Stanley stood up. The upper struc-
ture looked actually cozy and inviting after the
experiences below. Blood stains and grotesque
bodies covered the floor. Barton had fainted
but was recovering.

  Allison came over, his face in bandages. “It
looked like we arrived just in time,” he greeted.
“Poor old Barton is in a bad way judging from
appearances. Tell me just what happened.”
Ralph did so. He then asked the Englishman to
give his story.

  “I could see you going down until you got be-
yond the range of my beam,” the Englishman be-
gan. “Afterwards-I could still hear the murmur
of your conversation. I heard a shout next and
knew that you had found something. Then came
the report of your revolver.

   “I shouted several times before getting results.
The request to cover your retreat put me on
guard. It seemed as though you were taking a
long spell in getting in view. Then the bats
came. I got two, but they fluttered to the floor
up here. The others were too much for me.
My light was knocked from my grasp along with
my weapon.

  “There must be some basis to the idea that
these creatures have considerable strength. They
took me by grabbing hold of my clothes. I was
pulled towards the edge. The object was to
throw me down and crush me by the fall. I man-
aged to jerk away at the last minute, to my own
good fortune and yours, since I should have pro-
bably landed on either one or the other of your
heads in descending. They didn’t follow me
more than a couple of yards from the pyramid.
But it was outside that I perceived them doing
a remarkable thing.

  “They grasped the rope ladder where the last
rung was thrown over a big rock and pulled it
loose with their claws. It was carried inside to
be dropped, I suppose from your narrative, down
the hole.

  “I was scratched, but my injuries were fortun-
ate because I could rely upon them to furnish
proof as to the tale I bore. They were on my
face.

  “On getting to the city, I went directly to our
friend, the American Consul. He drove me in
his car without delay to the French authorities.
The same old reluctance was shown at first.
Then I exhibited my scratches and pointed out
that I had scarcely slid down the hill on my nose.

  “Everyone became at once solicitous. A squad
of soldiers was immediately detailed to come to
the rescue. The Consul and the French authori-
ties wait below in a car now. For my part, I
was unable to resist coming up again.”

  Barton had recovered and was standing un-
supported. The French corporal looked around
expectantly for orders.

  Ralph took the initiative. “Mr. Allison, I think
that it would be advisable for you to accompany
Mr. Barton down to the car. You hadn’t better
try to come down with us.”

  Turning to the corporal, “Have you a portable
machine gun with you?”

  “Yes, Monsieur, it was thought advisable to
bring one.”

  Adequately armed the rescuers started into the
blackness, Ralph leading the way. The soldiers
were quite nervous, but they did not hold back.
The bottom was now choked with blood and bod-
ies. The two men who had been left on top
flashed their lights. The bats were still there,
waiting in the corridor as before.

The Battle In the Corridor

<<TAT E must take care not to destroy those for
YV whom we search,” spoke the corporal in
words of warning to his men. “Crouch low when
firing so that the pellets of lead may strike the
ceiling after piercing their victims.”

  An ear shattering burst came from the mach-
ine gun. The havoc it worked was evident from
the number of eyes that went out.

  The squad advanced over the bodies. The
tunnel led upward a bit until it was clear of slime,
and then led to the right. The eyes retreated
uniformly before them.

  The attack came at the next turn. A repul-
sive mass of flying black monstrosities choked the
passage. The machine gun sent out a steady
stream of lead. The bats squirted blood and fell
in heaps. Two or three contrived to get by un-
harmed to inflict deep scratches on the invaders,
but the pistols picked them off.

  The creatures could not stand such punishment.
Their compact ranks broke and fled. The corri-
dor was soon innocent of any except the dead
and badly wounded.

  Everyone shuddered when passing over the
gruesome pile, but there was no decrease in vigi-
lance. Finally the last turn was reached and an
unexpected sight revealed. Here was a huge
room with floors and walls of polished marble.
The ceiling rose into a beautiful dome which re-
flected many pleasant glows under the lights of
the torches. Numerous excellently carved friez-
es decorated the bareness. All other superflu-
ous objects seemed to have been removed at some
date long before the bats came. On the oppo-
site side, was the evenly fashioned entrance to
another tunnel.

The searchers had stood gasping at the jewel-
426	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

like completeness of the place. Sight of the last
of the bats disappearing into the other tunnel
galvanized them into action.

  Stanley, however, was staring transfixed with
horror at a sight which the soldiers had over-
looked. Two white bodies clad in rags lay flat
on their backs against the wall several feet from
each other. One of the bodies was male and the
other unmistakably feminine. The color of the
first was of a ghastly whiteness. A bloated
black shape almost bursting with blood flopped
futilely about on the floor. Another rested on
the chest of the girl with its sharp teeth at her
throat.

  Ralph went insane with fury. He startled the
others with an inhuman cry. His main object in
life then was to tear to bits with his own bare
hands the creature sucking the life blood from
Susan, for it was her whom he recognized.

  The bat did not seem to notice the man before
he was grasped by a fold of flesh. His eyes
glowed with rage at the interruption. Was it
not a recognized law that the woman was his pro-
perty, because she had his poison in her veins?

  He flashed about to vent his rage on the of-
fending brother. Ah, a puny man creature who
dared do this to him, the king of the bat colony.

  Ralph could not use his gun, had not thought
to. The thing knocked him down with his pow-
erful claws and began to slash. A deep cut ap-
peared across Stanley’s back with the first swoop.
No, these were no beings to attack single handed.

  The butt of a rifle in the hands of a soldier
saved Ralph from further mistreatment. The
creature was stunned but did not lose possession
of its wits. It flew after its fellows, escaping
the shots directed after it.

  The corporal was leaning over the girl and
listening for heart beats. “Mademoiselle still
lives. Yet her pulse is very weak indeed,’’ he
said. “Now let us look at this one.” He felt of
the Italian’s pulse. “No, he is quite dead.”
His attention was caught by the well fed bat
nearby. “There lies in him the poor man’s life
blood.”

  A great crackling sound terminated his speech.
Out of the dome, fell a great block leaving an
empty spot in the beauty of it. Again came the
sound with a crack appearing in the wall.

  Stanley ran forward and slung Susan to his
shoulder. “We have got to get out of here quick-
ly,” he said tersely. “The vibration of the shots
has disturbed the masonry, and we may be
ground flat in case of a cave-in.”

  The soldiers were not slow to take warning.
They all scrambled into the corridor, every man
for himself. No one remembered the body of
the Count.

  Halfway to the bottom of the hole, the man at
the rear shouted shrilly, “Mother of God, fall on
your faces all.” The call was so urgent that ev-
eryone obeyed automatically. A dull roar in-
creased in volume and was about them. A vast
bat horde swept by in the panic. Ralph realized
at the sight that they had had only a small frac-
tion of the true numbers to contend. The main
body had been far below beyond the marble
room. Pressed flat against the floor out of
reach of the talons, no danger threatened. Stan-

ley protected Susan with his own body. His
heart was grieved at the sight of her so white and
lifeless in his arms.

IT seemed as though the air would never cease
to be free of the flying hordes. The main
mass got by finally. A few scattered groups
continued to pass. Everyone knew that the beat-
ing wings had added to the threat of a complete
cave-in. The walls were cracked and the corri-
dor floor covered with fallen debris. An excep-
tionally heavy chunk had crushed one soldier’s
head as he lay. A companion picked him up.

  Prayers of thanks were given up at the base
of the hole when the rope ladder was found un-
molested. A burly soldier relieved Ralph of his
precious burden.

  The last man got to the upper floor and as he
ran for the opening, the pyramid crumpled. It
had dissolved into a deep pit immediately behind
him.

  His companions who had been gazing fascin-
atedly at the sky turned. Evidently the scene
of destruction was not sufficiently exciting to di-
vert them, for they suffered it only one single
glance before returning their eyes to the orginal
object of attention. It was just before sunset,
and the heavens were smeared with a great flock
of giant birds. But when one looked at them
closely, it could easily be seen that no birds were
there but immense five-foot bats careening wild-
ly around in confused circles.

  The skies had been darkened at sunset in the
same manner hundreds of years ago by the an-
cestors of these creatures. Now the present gen-
eration was homeless. A single bat considerably
larger than his fellow soared majestically away
from the confused tangle. As though a signal
had been uttered, order emerged from chaos.
The big bat headed away straight as a die for
the open country," all others following him in
orderly fashion.

  The rescuers filed wearily down to the plain.
The sinister glamour was gone somehow forever
from the now ruined temple. The corporal and
his men were praised for their excellent and val-
orous work by the officials in the car.

  Barton’s joy at recovering his niece was un-
paralleled. She was removed to a hospital.
There the doctor assigned to the case declared
her chances of recovery slight unless a blood
transfusion was made without delay. Ralph vol-
unteered at once to undergo the necessary opera-
tion on the behalf of the girl, and because it was
necessary to take a good deal of his life fluid,
he remained in a cot at the hospital for the night
under careful observation. Barton would have
remained with them but the physician informed
him that his niece would scarcely be able to see
him within the next twenty-four hours, provided
she awoke within that interval.

  Both the old gentlemen returned to the hotel.
The two friends were exhausted, but their minds
so excited by the events of the day that they be-
gan to talk about it at once after the evening
meal. They went to the quiet of Barton’s room.

  “It’s hard to appreciate the fullness of this
day,” observed Allison.

  “Yes,” the other replied, “And we have been
THE WINGED MENACE	427

extraordinarily lucky. I’ll grant you that.” He
looked at his watch.

  “They promised to call me from the hospital
late this evening to tell me how my niece is get-
ting along. I’m not in any fear of her recovery,
although I do worry as to whether or not the af-
fair has left any imprint on her mind. It would
be frightful for any trouble like that to remain
with her. She is only eighteen you know.”

  “I should not bother myself with any worries
on that score,” the Englishman speke confidently.
“She probably lay in a stupor all the time while
in their power.

  “You are not the only one who is pleased to-
night, Mr. Barton. The actual proofs of the exis-
tence of a race of bats far ahead of their fellows
in evolution means a lot to me. I have never told
you, but I have spent a good deal of my life in
trying to find a remnant of what must have once
been a mighty race. All over the world, I have
traveled puttering about the districts steeped in
superstition unearthing many strange things,
never getting the information I wanted.”

  He looked up almost apologet;cally. “Do you
think it would bore you if I was to give the theor-
etical history of this bat species.”

  “On the contrary, the idea pleases me very
much,” Barton smiled encouragingly.

  “It is best to keep in mind that the race of bats
is undoubtedly a great deal more ancient than
that of man. Way back in the earth’s dawn, the
smaller animals probably provided the food for
these creatures of the dark, meaning the ones of
our experience. They would go forth at the set-
ting of the sun to feed and return to their caves
at sunrise. Man’s blood became popular. Con-
sequently bats were beings to be feared. A
place was set aside for them in legend as vam-
pires.

iiTTi ARLY man, frightened, crouching on the
"i primeval jungle with only his wits to pit
against the mighty fangs of the giant carnivora,
was prey of this race of super bats. Attacking
as they did in the night, usually when the victim
was asleep, the marauders rarely ever met op-
position. The animal or human whose blood was
sucked from him by the vampire bats of Central
or South America never awikened during the
procedure for the creature injected a sleeping
poison into the system.”

  “Imagine man’s chagrin when he began to ad-
vance in civilization. The puny and easily
frightened creature could now fight back with
the weapons he had devised. We know that the
higher bats were intelligent in many ways. Phy-
sical characteristics had prevented them from
progressing in the same manner as man, so they
were at a deplorable disadvantage under the new
conditions of man around the Mediterranean.”
Here the phone began to jingle, and Barton
answered it. His expression lit up.

  “My little girl is getting some color into her
cheeks,” he said. “She has also fallen into a
deep and normal sleep which will have refreshed
her upon awaking. The doctor says that he
thinks we will be able to bring her here in the
morning. Ralph also seems to be getting along

THE

nicely. Well now that I have got the good news
off my chest, you may continue.”

   "To the marauders’ delight, the dark ages of
man descended. We have evidence that they
were pretty active during that period. But the
Renaissance put an end to their activities for the
second time. Thousands upon thousands of
giant bats were hunted down and slain in their
haunts in ruined castles. Many others starved
for lack of ability to find nourishment. Anyway
we know that something happened to make them
almost extinct. Perhaps they were not immune
to the Black Death. You remember from his-
tory what a hole that episode made in the popu-
lation of Europe.

   “But this bat race is a reasoning race. Even
at this last hour, some saved themselves. We
have every reason to believe that the ancestors
of the bat colony here in Algiers came at about
the time of Europe’s reawakening. Their migra-
tion was a last resort. And now today they have
been driven from their ancient home.”

   “Do you suppose that this is the single surviv-
ing remnant of the race?” Barton mused.

   “It does not seem credible. Perhaps now that
we have lifted the veil about many mistaken be-
liefs, there will not be so much hesitation over
hunting down the beasts m other places. I am
wondering what is going to happen to them.”

   “Well you know that the troops are out hunt-
ing the brutes down with orders to shoot on
sight,” said Barton. “I doubt that they stand a
great chance of continued peace and prosperity.
A few will get away, of course, but in the present
state of confusion, most will be good for little
else other than zoological or museum specimens.”

   Barton’s statements were correct. The whole
countryside turned out in the hunt with a ven-
geance. Fear was no more. Natives were in-
jured on occasions when the hunted turned on
those who tried to exterminate them. By morn-
ing it was estimated that half of the bats had
been called. Great numbers were killed during
the next two weeks, but the most canny selected
clever hideouts which were difficult to unearth.

   Susan’s doctor kept his promise. Early the
next morning she was allowed to come to the
hotel. She was still very weak and quite un-
aware of what went on about her. She remem-
bered her experience only as a dim and horrible
dream. Her mind fortunately was unaffected.
Susan would not be fit for the trip home for sev-
eral weeks. At first she was sunk in lethargy.
Blood tests revealed the presence of a subtle poi-
son injected by the bat to deaden his victim’s
senses. But this state was not deemed danger-
ous and the doctor assured Barton that the effect
would wear off slowly.

   Allison was busy excavating in the ruins and
Barton, too, had also become interested in this
work.

   Young Stanley’s desire to meet Susan had been
satisfied in an unexpected novel way. Of course
she felt an intense gratitude for the part he had
played in her rescue. But as time went on, she
began to feel a more compelling emotion and the
period of Susan’s convalescense offered alluring
opportunities for this budding romance.

END
428

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

The Inverted World

(Continued from Page 399)

ray resulting from this affinity is known and con-
trolled, so that its effect upon human vision is a
known fact, then—and then only—will you have
a scientific proof of the phenomenon which it
was Lambert’s fortune to experience.”

  For a moment I sat silent, thinking of what
George had said, and not knowing what to say in
return. He had succeeded in shattering my
skeptical view of Lambert’s story, and I regret-
ted my hasty doubts about its truth.

  “By the way,” George continued, “for Lam-
bert’s sake, if I were you, I would neither men-
tion a word of this to anyone, nor would I ever
write a word about it until experiments with the
buorlitite, which I mentioned as necessary to es-
tablish the proofs we want, are successfully con-

cluded. Otherwise people will think you gulli-
ble, and Lambert will be the laughing-stock of
the world.”

  “Yes, please don’t print a word of this,” said
Lambert. I gave them both my promise.

  However, as the days went by, I found the ex-
periences of Lambert haunting me like an obses-
sion. I knew that I could get no release unless I
wrote them down on paper. It is only after I
write a story that has absorbed me that I am
finally able to put in from my mind.

  So this is the story. I have kept my promise
to my friend, George, and also to Lambert, by
changing their names, as well as that of the
meteoric fragment, which I have gratuitously
called buorlitite.

         THE END

The Avenging Ray

       (Continued from Page 391)

  Jules studied the tip of his cigar. “Never
again!”

  “I should think,” said Officer Connolly
thoughtfully, “that if you wanted to do it, you
could make ’em smaller instead of bigger. It
oughta be just as much fun, and it sure would be
less trouble!”

  This remark was generally appreciated.

  “Well, with or without his trucks, Dr. Jules
may as well realize right now that he is a nation-
al hero!” said Matthews.

  To his unending wonder, this fact had been
impressed upon Dr. Jules all during the past
week. Now there passed in his mind, with the
unreality of dreams, pictures of the cheering
crowds, the congratulatory newspaper editorials,
the messages of praise from all quarters. . . .

  When he spoke, his voice was very husky.

  “It is a strange, strange paradox that I, who
caused all the trouble, should be thanked this
way. . . . Humanity is wonderfully forgiving!”

THE END

FOR THE JUNE ISSUE OF WONDER STORIES

we offer

“The Man Who Changed The Future”
by R. F. Starzl

„ ,After ha',|n* delighted our readers with stories of strange planets and Btlrrlng battles, Mr. Starzl returns with
a little knockout, flgurativo and real, of how a superman upset a super-ganirster’s Dlans
A science story par excellence.

Charles Cloukey

well-known for his exciting and daring narratives Is the author of an original interplanetary mystery story

In the Spacesphere”

. ,_T0U bc, carried to three planets on the search for the carriers of the potent red dust. Intrigue will follow
ing to solvethe mystery5®?threeworlds p	hand of venseance descends on three young Americans attempt-

Frank K. Kelly

                    "’r,ltcr—°"° of th°se Whom wo delight In encouraging. We are proud to offer this story which
we believe Is worthy of a mature and experienced writer. In

“The Light Bender”

you see the civilization of the future; a fight against intruders from "outside”: the heroism of two	men: the

anguish of a third; the despair of a world upon whom the darkness fell—all blended Into a short but	terrifically

gripping story. Mr. Kelly is a comer!	^

                                     And now comes the conclusion to
   ,	“Utopia Island”

                    n„0.™1 ol Pt,frl1 v°n Hanstein, peerless German author. The first Installment has been but an
flnkh h ShJh	scientific wonders, where dreams come true. Now we come to the smashing

Se^tin?	£ ?!!?■ th| f eedy and the destroyers are massed against our little colony.

The action here rises steadily to a breathless finish, that may, we are afraid, leave you exhausted.

AND OTHERS IN THE JUNE 1931 WONDER STORIES
ON ALL NEWSSTANDS MAY 1
WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

429

With First iMton

EttibKli!

tone, nrofoMkmsU
bIzo Tenor Banjo |
worth $20-109-.
■ on* / Complete
Outfit—and cor-1
get, fool - proof

I A.F. BLOCH. Proaldont.

■	Now Yortc Academy of Minle,

| Studio X 56-041, &00 Fifth 4f«iM, Now Tor* Ofty

■	Dear Mr. Bloch: Please rush me your FREE Book telHnc

■	how I too can mako a Quick Succeea and Bis Money witl
| the Tenor Banjo.

J Name....................,

I Address.------______

 How Fi*e«l fisher

Makes^OaWeek

 inSparelimewithliis
 TEWOIl -n
 BANJO

THE READER SPEAKS

In WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY only letters that refer to stories
published in the QUARTERLY will be printed

  Was Mentally Unbalanced

Editor, Wonder Stories Quarterly:

  I am a regular purchaser of Won-
der Stories and the Wonder Stories
Quarterly, which have been much ap-
preciated, with the exception of the
story of “The Scarlet Planet”, which
in my judgment should not have been
accepted for publication.

  One’s impression of the article
would be that the writer was mentally
unbalanced on the sexual question.
It savors of cheapness and common-
ness.

  If the writer were of a proper
mentality, it would seem impossible
for him to create characters who
would be constantly reverting to the
subject. I sincerely hope it will be
the last of its type to appear.

  However, I am not writing you for
the purpose of expressing my opinion
of this particular story. That’s
merely incidental. The real purpose
of this letter is to inquire whether or
not your Air Wonder magazine is still
being published, or if all tales of that
character have been merged by you in
Wonder Stories and Wonder Stor-
ies Quarterly. I have not been able
to buy Air Wonder Stories in Detroit
for some months. In order not to
miss numbers, I am inclined to sub-
scribe for your various magazines by
the year.

            H. M. Wallace,

            2015 Book Building,
            Detroit, Mich.

  (Mr. Wallace’s impressions of “The
Scarlet Planet” are accepted grate-
fully. We might say, however, that
our author was not elaborating on his
own feelings, when he intruded the
sexual element into the story. In
fact, the spokesman of the author
would seem to be the corporal, who
deplored the attitude of his comrades
in chasing after the women.

  Air Wonder Stories is no longer
published as a separate magazine, but
stories of future aviation appear in
either the Wonder Stories monthly
or Quarterly. We would be glad to
add Mr. Wallace, whom we understand
is a prominent Detroit attorney, to
our list of subscribers.—Editor)

  Would Hardly Do Justice

Editor, Wonder Stories Quarterly:

  I had been waiting so long for the
winter Quarterly to come out that
when I saw it on the newstand I
knocked half the books off scramb-
ling up to get it. They always put
it on top.

  Eventually I reached home; threw
myself on the bed and read 'till I was
“read” in the face and suffering from
skinned fingers from turning the
pages.

  Despite the numerous casualties I
thoroughly enjoyed the Quarterly—
until I began “The Scarlet Planet”.
How did THAT—er—er— (Well, I
won’t say it) get into your magazine?
It would hardly do justice to a sexy
magazine. IT WAS POSITIVELY
THE LOUSIEST THING YOU EV-
ER TRIED TO MAKE US ENJOY!
I am sure I am voicing the opinions
of many others as well as six or seven
friends of mine. In fact one of these
friends is a well-known author of
science fiction and he ought to know
a bad story when he sees one.

  Yes, you most likely thought it was
pretty good because you wouldn’t have
published it if you hadn’t. But no
matter what you say, to me, and my
friends, it was LOUSY, TERRIBLE,
AWFUL, DISGRACEFUL, BAD-
ERN’ BAD, DIZZY, FOOLISH,
CLAP-TRAP, and downright
L-L-L-LOUSY! It was the worst
thing you ever published!

  Right from the heart, it was tha
kind of story I will never recommend
to either of my parents when they are
seeking reading matter. Nobody
would with all its trashy love matters;
its silly woman chasers; its foolish
slang; and its rambling plot. (I can
almost hear you say “we thought it
was a very good tale.”)

  Now, let it be understood that I am
perfectly willing to make amends for
anything that I have said. I am per-
fectly willing to apologize to either
you or Mr. Lemon but nevertheless
that will not change my opinion of
“The Scarlet Planet”. I sincerely
hope that Mr. Lemon will have no
bitter feelings towards me because I
am sure he can write SWELL stor-
ies—if he leaves out the sexy junk.
It would be far beyond me to dampen
the hopes of any new writer after
reading only one of his stories—a
very poor thing to judge an author’s
ability on, indeed. I am quite certain
that after Mr. Lemon has written
more stories we will all say “The
Scarlet Planet” was a good author’s
worst” (as one of your readers said
of Stanton H. Coblentz.

  Aside from “The Scarlet Planet”
the Winter issue was one of the best
Quarterlies yet. Everyone of the
stories, except—(you know), were
MARVELOUS! They were so good
that they made up for the “big disap-
pointment”. If you only had a story
by Ed Earl Repp I could consider it
the best Quarterly.

            Jim Nicholson,

           40 Lunado Way,

             San Francisco, Calif.

  (Since Mr. Nicholson has antici-
pated us, we will not say about "The
Scarlet Planet” that “we thought it
was a pretty good tale.” Instead we
will reminisce and recall the first is-
sue of Science Wonder Stories
(Wonder Stories is going into its
third year now) and the publication
of “The Marble Virgin” by Kennie
McDowd. Mr. Nicholson’s remarks
recalls the hot controversy that
reigned over “The Marble Virgin” for
fully six months. Mr. Nicholson’s
comments are so emphatic and so com-
pletely demolishing that there’s no
room to get a word in edgewise. So
we will keep quiet. Incidentally, we
understand that Mr. Lemon has been
writing stories for approximately
thirty years!—Editor)

 What Good Would It Be?

Editor, Wonder Stories Quarterly:
Judging by the cover of the Win-
ter number, the Interplanetary issue
as it is called, I would say the maga-
zine is the best yet. Is there no end
to Paul’s imagination? Is there no
limit to his artistic ability? Years
ago he was a wizard of art and now—!
The golden space ship and meteor
crashing past it, against the black
(Continued on page 430)

With

BYRD at the SOUTH POLE

AN album containing authentic
views of the BYRD ANTARC-
TIC EXPEDITION. Each of the sev-
enteen actual photographs present a
thrilling story of the hazardous life at
the far end of the world.

GRENPARK COMPANY

 245-W Greenwich St New York, N. Y.

 Send twenty cents, stamps accepted,
 for your copy of this interesting al-
 bum of the greatest expedition of all
 times.
430

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

 Big

 Money

in

CHEMISTRY

LEARN AT HOME!

ANYONE WHO CAN READ AND WRITE can study
** Chemistry through our simply prepared course. You
don't need a hlghor education, and you don’t need any
previous experience or preparation. Chemistry is not
harder to understand than electricity or radio. Just plain
sense and ordinary observation powers.

Laboratory Outfit Free

THE COMPLETE CHEMICAL OUTFIT and APPARA-
TUS supplied to you as part of your Course, without extra
charge. makes you the owner of a laboratory, containing
all the materials and Instruments used by a full-fledged
chemist. This working kit, which Is shipped to you at
the outset of the course, becomes your permanent property.
It is a sturdy fitted wooden cabinet containing over 100
pleees of laboratory apparatus and chemical supplies. With
these materials and equipment you will have in your own
home and always at hand, a compact, complete working
chemist's laboratory, which you will uso constantly not only
in your experiments, during the course, but also in your
after work as a chemist.

We Can Teach You At Home

Our racuity knowj IjM l»> to nM m M* • jMHai
laboratory worker. THE HEAD OP OUR STAFF IS
HDK, T. O'CONOB SLOANE. lolen-
■ tlst. engineer and author of wide re-
‘ pute. He has had more than fifty
, years of teaching experience. Our
> course fits you for an Immediate pwl-
atlon In a chemical laboratory, and
Uyou do not bare to giro up what you
Tare doing now to learn it. During
j erenlngs and week-ends you can work
1 at homo on the fascinating experl-
i| menu and the delightfully simple but
9 comprehensire lessons. A personal
1 tutor is always ready to help you over
I difficulties and to answer all your

--• questions. Most important of all—

t ATnnitr *lA«na the teaching you roeelve Is practical.
T. O Conor SIMM You c>n ,cl(liiiy u»e this knowledge
A.B.. A.M., Pn.D.i to make money, as thousands have
LL.D.	dene before you.

Big Money in Chemigtry

CHEMISTS ARE WELL-PAID MEN. Not only will 0OT
training holp you to get a better job. but a worth-while
start on a new level. You can patent the work of your
hands and your brain, and perhaps mako millions of
dollars on a new chemical discovery.

Every day the nowspapers and magazines are full of
news Items reporting new chemical discoveries—in mining,
in electricity, in foodstuffs, in sanitary and medicinal ap-
pliances, in paper-making, rubber, steel. Iron, dyestuffs,
textiles, in fact In every well known Industry—and be-
hind each of Ibeso discoveries stands a well-trained chem-
ist who knew how to take advantage of opportunity!

No Exaggerated Claims

THE INSTITUTE DOES NOT CLAIM that every chem-
ist makes millions, nor do we guarantee that you will
immediately get a job paying $10,000 a year. But many
have done it and there is no reason why you can not do
H too. Often enough you read or hear about men who
have found the highest recognition, from small. Incon-
spicuous beginnings, and you wonder how they got the
•rlucky break.” Why. you wonder yearningly, couldn t you
be such a "lucky'' fellowf You can be—but you have
to meet luck hatf way.

Get Started Today!

IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO KNOW MORE ABOUT
CHEMIBTRY. and ir you are sincere In your desire to
get out of the tread-mlll of Job anxiety and wage in-
dependence. If you have ambition enough to want to be-
come a chemist, and perhaps a famous one some day, you
will not wait until tomorrow to find out how to go about
It. MAIL the coupon below today. There is no charge
and no further obligation. You will be simply asking us
to write you about something that you want to knew.

Chemical Institute of New York, Im.

SrWTUV. Vtt. N. Y.

Please »end me at once, without any obligation on ray
part, your Free Book "Opportunities for Chemists." and
full particulars about the Experimental Equipment given
to every student.

NAME

ADDRESS
CITY -

THE READER SPEAKS

(Continued from page 429)

background, are indeed an awe-inspir-
ing sight. There is no English word
to describe it so I shall have to turn
to the French: it is simply magnifi-
que!

  As for the contents: they too are
magnifique. I enjoyed “The Scarlet
Planet” but do not believe it contains
much science. However, the burning
air and geometric flood I found to be
very ingenious. Paul’s illustration of
the "no-man” 13 a scream!

  Paul’s illustration for “The Scarlet
Planet” remind me of those drawn for
the “Master Mind of Mars” in the
first Annual ever published. Since
then the Annual has been made a
Quarterly and carried to undreamed
of heights by its creator, “our” edi-
tor: Hugo Gernsback!

  Ray Cummings surpasses all for-
mer efforts with his “Mark of the
Meteor.” It is a masterpiece by its
sheer study of human nature, let alone
the story interest and good science.

  George M. Beattie, I. R. Nathan-
son and A. L. Fierst do their part to
make this issue so superbe.

  What is the next issue going to be:
“The Futuristic Number”? I hope
so. Narratives of the future are my
favorites, excepting those of inter-
planetary flight. Or perhaps it will
be the “4th Dimensional Number"
with a story by good old Bob Olsen,
master of all fourth dimension writ-
ers.

  Here’s a sort of “Believe it or Not:”
S. F. not only stands for San Fran-
cisco, the city in which I live, but for
Science Fiction, the realm in which I
live! And also it stands for Science-
fiction, and the Boys’ Sciencefiction
Club has been formed here under my
presidency. Incidentally: all you
boys interested in Wonder Stories
Quarterly who would like to join
this club and are between 10 and 16,
write to me at the address below as
we have many copies of “our” maga-
zine in the library.

  It would be unusual if I didn’t so
I’m asking a question: If perpetual
motion were discovered, what good
would it be? Say for instance that
the inventor makes a wheel about the
size of a bicycle wheel and mounts it
on a stand so that it continually moves
and will do so forever. Now what
good will this spinning wheel on the
stand do? How will it “revolutionize
the world”? Thank you.

            Forrest J. Ackerman,

            530 Staples Avenue,

             San Francisco, Calif.

  (We print this letter of young Mr.
Ackerman, who we understand is a
good friend of young Mr. Nicholson.
It seems that on the question of “The
Scarlet Planet” dissension reigns.
Mr. Ackerman defends and Mr. Nich-
olson denounces that story from the
pen of Don Lemon. We hope that the
story does not cause any rupture in
the relationship between these two
stimulating young gentleman.—Edi-
tor)	-

 Will Names Be Abolished?
Editor, Wonder Stories Quarterly.

  I have just finished the Winter
1931 issue of Wonder Stories Quar-
terly and I am writing to tell you
how disappointed I am in it. The
first story, “The Scarlet Planet” by
Don M. Lemon was not fit to be pub-

lished in a much cheaper magazine
than yours. One continuous theme—
women, women, and then for a change
a different type of women. Besides
finding the literature in the story
“punk” I would really like to know
how a person can stand such a stream
of letters and numbers such as was
thrown at me on the first page of
“The Scarlet Planet”.

  The Master Criminal, C-X; the bal-
loting of the Secret 99; Circle 27;
4 X-Olite! How in the world, and
why in the world do science fiction
authors get the idea that in future
generations the having of a name
will be abolished.

  You called the Winter issue of the
Quarterly an “Interplanetary Num-
ber”, yet not all of the stories in the
magazine are interplanetary stories—
nor is the majority interplanetary.

  On comparing the issue just re-
ceived to a past issue containing “An
Atomic Adventure” and “From Earth
to Moon”, I find that there is little
or no comparison. The past issue
was twice as good.

  Well, now, I will write finis to the
brickbats and start throwing a few
flowers. I believe that your maga-
zines are the best in the world and
I think I can dig up a couple of other
fellows to prove it. Once in a while
your stories are not so hot, but even
those stories are much better than the
average run of stories in any other
magazine.

            K. Hitch,

            34 Santa Fe Ave.,
            Richmond, Cal.

  (Mr. Hitch maintains an even bal-
ance between applause and criticism.
His comment that the Fall 1930 issue
was “twice as good” as the Winter
1931 comes as quite a surprise. From
comments we had received the Winter
issue was looked upon as one of the
best of the Quarterlies.—Editor)

Interplanetary “Plot” Contest

         (Continued from pagu 293)
which the Insects require for world
dominion. After the world Is freed from
Its cataleptic sleep, the intrusion of the
invaders is pieced together by the evi-
dence left behind, apd by the bodies of
a number of the Insects which could not
survive the earth's climate and which
perished. Earth now makes war on the
asteroid Insects by means of chemical
and bacterial agents. The insects are
killed and the earth people get back
their radium and platinum and inciden-
tally capture other valuable metals from
the asteroid hordes.”

  This simple plot Is by no means a
good one: and we are certain that our
readers will find much better material—
far more detailed and complete, more
Intricate and far more original.

  In order to participate In this contest,
we are giving a few simple rules which
you must observe:

  (1)	You are to submit a plot for an
Interplanetary story.

  (2)	The outline of the plot must not
contain more than 500 words.

  (3)	The plot should be either type-
written or legibly penned in Ink. Writ-
ing to be on only one side of the sheet.
No penciled Ulster considered. Type-
writing must be double-spaced.

  (4)	Authors who have had stories
published already In any magazine, can-
not participate in this contest.

  (5)	Prize-winning plots will be given
to authors of our selection, who win
write the stories, using the plots as a
basis: and the stories will be published
In future Issues of WONDER STORIES
QUARTERLY. Each story is to be
signed jointly by the author who wrote
the story and the reader who furnished
the plot.

  (6)	The prizes will be awarded to

         (Continued on Pago 431)
The Magic
of the Future
is open to you
through the pages of

WONDER STORIES

 nrroRB

 of

m

        huiia luuniii/

 ire more than pleased to present to our
 beginning with the May issue, the com-
 ovel "Utopia Island” by Otto von Han-

                          On All Newsstands

 DEVELOPMENTS of future sciences are
 brought to you by noted writers of science
 fiction. Thrilling, action-filled adventures of in-
 terplanetary travels, space flying ships, journey8
 into tho future are found in each issue of WON-
 DER STORIES. What will be the world of fifty
 and a hundred years hence? The answer is found
 in stories full of action and adventure. Get your
 copy of WONDER STORIES at the next new*,
 stand.

 IN THE MAY ISSUE-

UTOPIA ISLAND

   We are more than pleased^ to
 readers T
 plete no
 stein.

    This new story is as daring as his others, and
  in many respects far surpasses them.

   The story contains literally dozens of new
 scientific prophecies which we have never seen
 in print before and which are sure to be realized
 in the future. Von Hanstein has even gone into
 the field of sports and has evolved a number of
 sports unknown at the present time, all based
 upon new scientific discoveries.

       "THE BEASTS OF BAN-DU-LU”
 by Ed Earl Repp. The life forms cm a strange
 world are vividly portrayed in this story filled
 with action and terrifying suspense. We cannot
 expect human beings on Venus or Mars. But we
 can expect life, and intelligent life. What will
 it be like, and how will it react to us human
 beings? Mr. Repp tells us.

       •'TWO WORLDS TO BARTER*'
 a tremendous story of an ultimatum. "Get out
 of your world within 48 hours came the word
 ... Or else . . . destruction . . But they
 fought back . . . futilely . . . energetically . . .
 stupidly ... In this masterly story by J. B.
 Harris of old England.

 “THE MAN WHO CHANGED THE FUTURE**

    After having delighted our readers with stor-
 ies of strange planets and stirring battles R. F.
 Starzl returns with a little “knockout," figura-
 tive and real of how a super-man upset a super-
 gangster's plana

    Science Knowledge: Science Questions and Ans-
 wers: The Reader Speaks; and other interesting
 features.

8 months for $1.00

    Uad cheek. stamps or money today to take ad-
 vantage of this special offer. This offer is limit’
 ed—act quickly.

WONDER STORIES

 98Q Park Place

 New Yerk, N. Y.

 those who furnish the most interesting
 and the most novel plots; the plots to be
 judged by their plausibility, originality,
 dramatic interest, science, etc.

   (7)	The editors cannot engage In cor-
 respondence in connection with this con-
 test and no plot manuscripts will be re-
 turned. Those not used will be des-
 troyed.

   (8)	The publishers reserve the right
 to award honorable mention to a certain
 number, not to exceed six plots, which
 are not money prize winners.

   (9)	From this prize contest are ex-
 cepted the employees of the Stellar Pub-
 lishing Corporation and their families.

   (10 Prizes will be paid upon publica-
 tion of FALL 1931. issue of WONDER
 STORIES QUARTERLY.

   (11) This contest closes at 12 noon
 May 15, 1931; after which no further
 entries can be considered.

 STATEMENT OF THE OWNERSHIP,
 MANAGEMENT. CIRCULATION, ETC.,
 REQUIRED BY THE ACT OF CON-
 GRESS OF AUGUST 24, 1912.

 Of WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY,
 published 4 times a year at 404 North
 Wesley Avenue, Mount Morris, 111., for
 October 1st, 1930.

 State of New York) s«.

 County of New York)

   Before me, a Notary Public in and for
 the State and county aforesaid, personal-
 ly appeared Irving S. Manheimer. who,
 having been duly sworn according to
 law, deposes and says that he Is the
 Business Manager of the WONDER
 STORIES QUARTERLY MAGAZINE,
 and that the following is, to the best of
 his knowledge and belief, a true state-
 ment of the ownership, management
 (and if a daily paper, the circulation),
 said

 ownership, management
 * rculatit

   .......pul

date shown in the above caption, re-

 etc., of the afores.

 publication for the

 quired by the Act of August 24, 1912,
 embodied in seotion 411, Postal Laws
 and Regulations, printed on the reverse
 of this form, to wit:

  1. That the names and addresses of
 the publisher, editor, managing editor,
 and business managers are:

  Publisher, Stellar Publishing Corp., 404
  Jo. Wesley Avenue, Mount Morris, 111.
  Editor, Hugo Gernsback, 98 Park Place,

            lugo Gernsback,

 New York City.

   Managing Editor, David Lasser, 98
 Park Place, New York City.

   Business Manager, Irving S. Man-
 heimer, 98 Park Place, New York City.

   2.	That the owner is: (H owned by a
 corporation, its name and address must
 be stated and also Immediately there-
 under the names and addresses of stock-
 holders owning or holding one per cent
 or more of total amount of stock. If not
 owned by a corporation, the names and
 addresses of the individual owners must
 be given. If owned by a firm, company,
 or other unincorporated concern, its
 name and address, as well as thope of
 each individual member, must be given.)

   Stellar Publishing Corp., 404 North
 Wesley Avenue, Mount Morris, HI.; Hugo
 Gernsback, 98 Park Place, New York
 City; Sidney Gernsback, 98 Park Place,
 New York City; D. Manheimer. 98 Park
 Place, New York City.

   3.	That the known bondholders, mort-

 gagees, and other security holders own-
 ing or holding 1 per cent or more of
 total amount of bonds, mortgages, or

 other securities are: (If there are none,
 so state.)

   None.

  4. That the two paragraphs next
 above, giving the names of the owners,
 stockholders, and security holders, If
 any. contain not only the list of stock-
 holders and security holders as they ap-
 pear upon the books of the company but
 also, in cases where the stockholder or
 security holder appears upon the books
 of the company as trustee or In any
 other fiduciary relation, the name of the
 person or corporation for whom such
 trustee Is acting, is gt
 the said two paragraphs contain state-

                         fiven; also that
 „ . s contain state-
 ments embracing affiant’s full knowledge
 and belief as to the circumstances and
 conditions under which stockholders and
 security holders who do not appear up-
 on the books of the company as trus-
 tees, hold stock and securities in a ca-
 pacity other than that of a bona fide
 owner: and this affiant has no reason
 to believe that any other person, asso-
 ciation, or corporation has any interest
 direct or indirect In the said stock,
 bonds, or other securities than as so
 stated by him.

L S. MANHEIMER. Business Manager.

   Sworn to and subscribed before me
 this 16th day of March, 1931.

(Seal)	MAURICE COYNE,

 Notary Public. Kings County.
 Kings County Clks. No. 616, Reg.

  1057.

  New York County Clerks No. 51, Reg.
  No. 1824.

  (My commission expires March 80,
  1932.)

    The Greatest Sin of all is total IGNOR-
 ANCE of the most important subject in
 the life of every man and woman—SEX.

 Away With False Modesty I

    Let us face the facts of sex fearlessly
 and frankly, sincerely and scientifically.
 Let us tear the veil of shame and mystery
 from sex and build the future of the race
 on a new knowledge of all the facts of
 sex as they are laid bare in plain, daring
 but wholesome words, and frank pictures
 in the huge new library of Sex Knowledge.

  “MODERN EUGENICS”

"SECRETS

 Everything a
 Married Woman
 Should Know—t

  How to hold a husband
  How to have perfect
  children
  How to preserve youth
  Warding off other
  women
  Keeping yoursell at-
  tractive
  Why husbands tire of
  wives

  Dreadful diseases due
  to ignorance
  Diseases of women
  Babies and birth control
  Twilight sleep-easy
  childbirth
  How babies are con-
  ceived
  Diseases of children
  Family health guide
  Change of life—hygiene
  Why children die young
  Inherited traits and
  diseases
  What will you tell your
  growing girl?

  The mystery of twins
  Hundreds of valuable

 Secrets
 for M'

  Mistakes of early mar-
  riages
  Secret of fascination
  Joys of perfect mating
  How to make women
  love you
  Bringing up healthy
  children
  Fevers and contagious
  diseases

  Accidents and emer-
  gencies
  Hygiene in the home
  Limitation of offspring
  The sexual embrace
  Warning to young men
  Secrets of greater de-
  light

  Dangerous diseases
  Secrets of sex attraction
  Hygienic precautions^
  Anatomy and physi-

  The reproductive organa
  What every woman
  wants

  Education of the family
  Sex health and preven-
  tion

Girls—
Don’t Marry

before you know
all this—

  The dangers of Pettinf
  How to be a vamp
  How to manage the
  honeymoon
  What liberties to allow
  a Jover
  Secrets of the wedding
  night

  Beauty diets and baths
  Do you know—

  How to attract desir-
  able men
  How to manage men
  How to know if he
  loves you
  How to acquire bodily
  grace and beauty
  How to beautify face,
  hands, hair, teeth and
  feet

  How to acquire charm
  How to dress attrac-
  tively
  Intimate personal
  hygiene
  How to pick a husband

^	IMPORTANT!	1

 This Work will not be sold to minors, f
 When ordering your booic, state yiour age! J

Cut

                         Grenpark Company
                         24$ Greenwich St.
                         Dept W.S.Q—2-3
                         New York, N. Y.

  VCy if* If............Pleaie lend me "Hod-

                             tm Eugenic*” SEALED,

........................ In plain wrapper. I an

 tddrsii....................Mndln* yeu fiM la

..................... sotordaaee wit* you*

  5U? and State............... apodal half-price efftz.

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY	431
432

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

With
Anatomical
Drawings

Dr. Keller’s
Sex
Cyclopedia

TEN VOLUMES

 LIBRARY SIZE

 GOLD STAMPED

160

PAGES

PER

VOLUME

1600

PAGES

By DAVID H. KELLER, M.D.
Assistant Superintendent, Western
State Hospital, Bolivar, Tenn

Ten Volumes for the $1;
Price of One Book A <

98

  For the
  10
  Books

  Dr. Keller was chosen by the publishers of
these volumes as being one of the few physicians
in America who could write on so delicate a sub-
ject in language that even a child could under-
stand. Heretofore, educational sex books have
been written by professionals, usually in such
technical language that the non-professional
reader could not understand it. However, DR.
Kiluuk's Skx Cyo.oi’KDia can be rend by any-
one; as a matter of fact, much of the subject
matter has been written for young people.

  While writing these books, Dr. Keller wrote a
long letter to the publisher, part of which fol-
lows:

      "My idea is to write in simple language,
  in a conversational or lecture style; or to
  vsr the language of my wife, ‘fust as you
  talk to us!' My wife is a college graduate
  and taught eight years in the High Schools
  of the South. One daughter is preparing to
  ttudy medicine and the other is just about
  to graduate from our local High School, and
  I consider their advice and opinion as a very
  good index of the average mentality of our
  expected read ere. My ultimate aim is to
  make the world a little beUer place to live in
  by educating the masses along the lines
  which have previously been inaccessible to
  them. In writing, I am going to keep in
  mind THAT WE WANT TO HELP
  FOLKS TO BECOME HAPPIER."

  Most of the misery and suffering in human
life can be directly attributed to sex misinforma-
tion. Dr. Keller, in those books, offers a solution
for this evil as well as for other and perhaps
greater evils. The author knows his subject as
Few other physicians in the country know it, and
as a well-known author, he is able to write in
such a way that there is nothing offensive, even
for the most unsophisticated of young girls.

Parents have not as yet arrived at the state
where they can be perfectly frank in matters of
sax with their children. But henceforth, Dr. Kel-

ler’s valuable books can be safely entrusted to
all intelligent young people. The older genera-
tion, themselves, will find much of value in the
series.

  There is little question but that these books
will become famous, will blaze a new trail. They

*ill be read and reread for more thorough com-
prehension of the subject matter involved. Da.
Keller's Skx Ctolopedia gives you facts and

knowledge contained in the highest type of liter-
ature, with the exception that it is written down
to the understanding of the every-day man and
woman, girl and boy. The exoeUent anatomical
Irawings, which are profusoly distributed through
those books, are so mechanically treated that they
will never arouse the sensibilities of even the
greatest prude, yet they are an education in
themselves. Dr. Keller has torn the veil of
mystery from sex matters and presented to the
American public the true facts of sexual life.
He has debunked sex.

  These books are printed in brand new type, the
subject matter has never been published before.
A number of volumes are profusely illustrated
with fine anatomical drawings. The size of each
volume is 4" x 6—just right for your pocket.
Special grade of egg-shell paper used. Each
volume has 160 pages, 1600 pages in all. GOLD
STAMPED.

Fill in the coupon
today. Regardless
of your age you
cannot afford to be
without these valu-
able books. Every
set sent on ap-
proval. If you are
not entirely satis-
fied, return them,
and your money
will be refunded.

YOU ARE THE
SOLE JUDGE.

Partial	j

CONTENTS

BOOK 1
Sex and Family Through the

Ages

Beginning of Life.—The Primitive Home.—
Natural .Selection.—Varieties of Married Life.
—The Prostitute.—Women's Sexual Position
Before Christ—Woman's Sexual Position In
Europe and America.—Feminine Independence.
—Tbe Pursuit of Happiness.—The Universal
Panacea.

BOOK 2
The Sexual Education of the
Young Man

Father and Sen.—Relation of the Yount Man
to 8oelety.—The Anatomy of the_Young Man.—
The Sexual Physiology of the Young Man.—
Hygiene of the Sexual Life.—Normal Viewpoint
of Young Man.—Prostitution.—The Cost of
Immorality.—The Question of Disease.—What
a Young Man Should Know About V\omen.—
Youth Friendships.—A Living Programme.

BOOK 3
The Sexual Education of the
Young Woman

Mother and Daughter.— Hilton of the Young
01r).—Th. Olrll Obligation to 8oclety.—The
Anatomy of the Yount GirlPhyilologyof th»
Young Olrl.—Piychology of the Young Olrl.—
Hygiene of Uie Young Olrl.—The Quntlon of
Proitltutloa.—The Colt of Immorality.--™*
Working Olrl.—Whtt ■ Youm Olrl Should
Know About Men

BOOK 4
Love—Courtship—Marriage

The Awakening af Lore.—The Growth of Lore.
—Love Educat lea.—Natural Selection.—Tlio
Feminine Viewpoint of Engagement.—Tht Phy-
sical Preparation for Marriage.—Education in
Happiness.—Adjustments of Marriage.—The
Baby in the Home.—The Perpetual Honey-
moon.

BOOK 5
Companionate Marriage
Birth Control
Divorce

The Beitleamesi of Society —The Dawn of
Religion.—Marriage by Purchase.—The Rel?-
Hon of Marriage to the State.—The Sexual
Marriage.—The Companionate Marriage.—
Birth Control.—The Question of Dlrorce.—
The Rights of Childhood.—The Happy Mar-

BOOK 6
Mother and Baby

Whit la ■ Baby Wortht—The Phyilology of
Pregnancy.—Preparing for the Baby.—Pre-
parations for the Confinement.—The Birth of
the Baby.—The First Two Weeks.—Training of
the Baby.—The Sic* Baby.—Tbe Sexual Edu-
cation of the Child.—The Father and His
Baby.

BOOK 7
Sexual Disease and Abnormali-
ties of Adult Life

The Cauie of Ilnharolneii—Syphllli.—Gonor-
rhea.— Abortion.— Autoerotlelam.—1The Homo-
sexual Life.—The Dark Comer, of Life.—
Typw of Erotic Life.—lmpotcncy in the Man.
—Sterility.—Celibacy In the Adult Male.—
Celibacy In the Adult Female.—The Normal
Sci Life

BOOK 8
Sexual Life of Men and Women
After Forty

The Dangerous Age.—The Middle Aged Wo-
man—The Middle Aged Man.—The Mldd 0
Agod Cellbato.—Widow and Widower.—Mid-
dle Age and Dlrorce.—Dl,ea,ea of Middle
Life.—The fountain of Youth.—Secret of
Youth.

BOOK 9
The Disease and Problems of
Old Age

Old Age and IU Problem,.—'The Palt Treat-
ment of the Aged.—SentI# Decay.-The Herual
Life In the Aged—The Art of Prolonging
Youth.—Physical Disease of the Aged.—Celi-
bacy in the Aged.—Neglect of the Aged.—
Growing Old Gracefully.

BOOK 10
Sex and Society

Relation of the Individual to 8oclety.—Man’s
Normal Relation to Society.—The Legal Rela-
tion of the Sexes.—Illegal Sexual Relations
Between Sexes.—Abnormal Sexual Life.—Ab-
normal Relations Between Parents and Child.
—The Abnormal Sex Life of Siblings.—Ero-
ticism and Modern Society.—Drug Addiction
and Society.—The Feebleminded and Soeieiy.
—The Psychopathic Personalities.—Sterilisa-
tion and Segregation.	__

SEND NO MONEY!

£

MAIL THE COUPON NOW I

  POPULAR BOOK CORPORATION
104B PARK PLACE	NEW YORK

 POPULAR BOOK CORPORATION
 104B Park Place, New York.

     Please send me Da. Keller's Sax Cyclopedia, complete in 10
 volumes as per advertisement. I will pay the Postman $1.98, plus a few
 cents for postage upon arrival of the books. There are no extra charges
 of any kind whatsoever. If the books are not as represented, I will
 return them to you within 3 days after receipt and you are then to
 return my money. Pull remittance, with 25c oxtra postage, is required
 from foreign countries, as C. O. D. service is not available.)

Name .............

Address ----------

Oity and State
Afraid to face
the TRUTH
About Himself!

          What most men would hear
          if their mirrors could talk

T TIS own conscience TELLS HIM how miserably he has
I—I fallen below what others had expected of him—and what
X X he had DREAMED for himself

    If a mirror reflecting his daily life could TALK it would say,
"You're BOUND to stay in a rut. You are SCATTER-BRAINED
and GRASSHOPPER-MINDED. You nibble at everything and
master nothing! Your thoughts are always HAZY and you can’t
THINK THINGS THROUGH. You just DAYDREAM and
hope you will get 'some lucky break’ And, deep in your heart,
you KNOW that these ARE your faults. That’s why you’re
TIMID and self-conscious—afraid of your JOB, of your ABIL-
ITY, of your JUDGMENT, of your FUTURE!”

   At a SHOW DOWN like this the "BIG" man FACES the
truth, and DOES SOMETHING about it.

   But the "LITTLE" man TURNS HIS BACK on his short-
comings, FINDS EXCUSES, and DOES NOTHING.

   A certain task finds him LACKING IN THE PERSIST-
ENCE to carry it through. So he says that his employers "want
too much work for what they pay me!”

   A splendid opportunity FINDS HIM UNPREPARED, and
another seiies it. Then he says “some fellows get all the breaks!"

   Some circumstance shows up his utter LACK OF PURPOSE
IN LIFE (so plainly that even HE cannot escape admitting it).
So he COOKS UP AN ALIBI about having been “unable to go to
college!"

    You don't need to be told that this “LITTLE" man fills a
"LITTLE” job—is paid a SMALL salary—and has INSIGNIFI-
CANT future prospects. These are the rewards of THE MAN
WHO FOOLS HIMSELF!

    But this man’s REAL TRAGEDY is that he is almost always
a fellow of great promise and fine POSSIBILITIES!

    If he would only use his ingenuity in FINDING OUT what’s
wrong with himself, instead of WASTING it in ACCOUNTING
FOR HIS- FAILURES—he would soon discover that he has the
makings of a “BIG MAN!"

    What is the one important difference between "the Failure"
and "the Success”? It is this priceless ability that "the Success"
has of FACING his mental HANDICAPS and replacing them
with definite mental ADVANTAGES.

   You know by instinct that this is AS TRUE AS GOSPEL.
And you can PROVE it right now in YOUR OWN CASE by
what you DO about sending for a remarkable free book called
"Scientific Mind Training."

    It is the story of the world-sweep of Pelmanism. It shows in
fascinating detail how Pelmanism has helped over 700,000 men
and women to FIND THEMSELVES.

    Before these people learned about Pelmanism they were using
only the ONE-TENTH OF THEIR MENTAL POWERS THAT
THE AVERAGE MAN USES. (This is a scientific fact—vouched
for by the world's foremost psychologists.) The other NINE-
TENTHS remained ASLEEP—DORMANT—UNAROUSED!

    This great reserve of mental power, almost wholly lost by the
average person, is capable of making his life more SUCCESSFUL
HAPPIER, MORE SIGNIFICANT. Right within the mind of
the average person is contained the ability to ACCOMPLISH his
aims—whenever a GREATER PERCENTAGE of his latent but
unused mental power is HARNESSED and directed through
scientific mind training. Any person who wishes to DO more, to
HAVE more, and to BE more, must put into his life a PRACTI-

CAL PLAN to bring together the natural powers he already has
strengthen them, and PUT THEM TO WORK.

    To over 700,000 people in all parts of the world PELMANISM
has been this POSITIVE SYSTEM. For thirty years, in almost
all lands and languages, it has been HELPING MEN AND
WOMEN answer this world-wide URGE TO GO FORWARD.

    Men like Edgar Wallace, the famous mystery-story writer;
Sir Herbert Austin, manufacturer of the "Austin” car; General
Sir Robert Baden-Powell, founder of the Boy Scout movement;
Sir Harry Lauder; Prince Charles of Sweden; Frank P. Walsh,
former Chairman of the National War Labor Board, and hundreds
equally famous, praise this method of increasing brain power.

    Through Pelmanism YOU can bring into being YOUR OWN
unsuspected self—in full COMMAND of the powers and accom-
plishments HIDDEN within you, waiting to be developed.

    Spend 2c TODAY for a postage stamp. Send in the coupon
below for a copy of “Scientific Mind Training.” There is no fur-
ther obligation whatever. You need not spend another penny.

    Yon have only TWO CENTS to lose by writing for your copy.
You may GAIN success, peace of mind, happiness, independence!

    Thousands who read this announcement will DO NOTHING
WHATEVER about it. The little effort and the will needed to
send for this book—which is FREE—will be "JUST TOO
MUCH” FOR THEM! How can these people EVER gain what
they hope for, dream about? They are the skeptics, the doubters,
the “show me" wiseacres.

    The thousands who are open-minded—who are willing to learn
something to their advantage—will ACT on their impulse to send
in the coupon. They will be COURAGEOUS enough to FACE
THE TRUTH about themselves: They will WANT to find out
what's HOLDING THEM BACK—will want to DO SOME-
THING ABOUT IT. Such people will find it IMPOSSIBLE to
put a 2c stamp to greater use than MAILING THE COUPON
BELOW. If you are one of them, mail this coupon TODAY.

THE PELMAN INSTITUTE DF AMERICA

71 West 46th Street	Suite 2304	New York City

Name---------------------------

Address---------------------——------------

City___________________State.

 The Pelman Institute of Amcrica,

 Suite 2304, 71 West 45th Street, New York City.

      I want you to show me what Pelmanism has actually done
  for over 700,000 people. Please send me your free book,
  "Scientific Mind Training.” This places me under no obliga-
  tion whatever, and no representative will call upon me.
 Pick Your
 Instrument

To those who think
  Learning Music is hard-

PERHAPS you think that tak-
ing music lessons is like tak-
ing a dose of medicine. It isn’t
any longer!

  As far as you’re concerned,
the old days of long practice
hours with their horrid scales,
hard-work exercises, and expen-
sive personal teacher fees are
over and done with.

  You have no excuses—no ali-
bis whatsoever for not making
your start toward musical good
times now'.

  For, through a method that
removes the boredom and ex-
travagance from music lessons,
you can now learn to play your
favorite instrument entirely at
home—without a private teach-
er—in half the usual time—at a
fraction of the usual cost.

  Just imagine . . a method that
has made the reading and play-
ing of music so downright sim-
ple that you don’t have to know
one note from another to begin.

  Do you wonder that
this remarkable way
of learning music has
already been vouched
for by over 600,000
people in all parts of
the world?

Easy As Can Be!

  The lessons come to
you by mail from the
famous U. S. School
of Music. They con-
sist of complete print-
ed instructions, dia-
grams and all the

   Plano
   Organ
   Ukulele
   . Cornet
   Trombone
   Piccolo
   Guitar

Hawaiian Steel Guitar
Sight Singing
Piano Accordion
Italian and German
Accordion
Vole* and Speech Culture
Harmony & Composition
Drum* and Traps
Automatic Finger Control
Banjo (Plectrum. 5-
String or Tenor)
junior*' Piano Course

music you need. You study
with a smile. One week
you are learning a dreamy
waltz—the next you are
mastering a stirring march. As the
lessons continue they prove easier and
easier. For instead of just scales you
are always learning to play by actual
notes the classic favorites and the latest
syncopation that formerly you only
listened to.

  And you’re never in hot water. First,
you are told how a thing is done. Then a
picture shows you how, then you do it
yourself and hear it. No private teacher
could make it clearer or easier.

  Soon when your friends say “please
play something" you can surprise and
entertain them with pleasing melodies
on your favorite instrument. You’ll
find yourself in the spotlight—popular
everywhere. Life at last will have its
silver lining and lonely hours will van-
ish as you play the “blues” away.

 New Friends—Better Times

  If you’re tired of doing the heavy
jooking-on at parties—if always listen-
ing to others play has almost spoiled
the pleasure of music for you—if
you’ve been envious because they could
entertain their friends
and family—if learning
music has always been
one of those never-to-
come-true dreams, let the
time-proven and tested
home-study method of the
U. S. School of Music
come to your rescue.

  Don’t be afraid to begin
your lessons at once. Over
600,000 people learned to
play this modern way —
and found it easy as
A-B-C. Forget that old-
fashioned idea that you
need special “talent.” Just
read the list of instru-

 Vlolln
 Clarinet
 Flute
 Saxophone
 Harp
 Mandolin
 ’Cello

ments in the panel, decide which one
you want to play, and the U .S. School
will do the rest. And bear in mind no
matter which instrument you choose,
the cost in each case will average the
same—just a few cents a day. No
matter whether you are a mere begin-
ner or already a good performer, you
will be interested in learning about this
new and wonderful method.

Send for Our Free Book and
Demonstration Lesson

  Our wonderful illustrated Free Book
and our Free Demonstration Lesson ex-
plain all about this remarkable meth-
od. They prove just how anyone can
learn to play his favorite instrument
by note in almost no time and for just
a fraction of what old, slow methods
cost. The booklet will also tell you all
about the amazing new Automatic Fin-
ger Control.

  Read the list of instruments to the
left, decide which you want to play,
and the U. S. School of Music will do
the rest. Act NOW. Clip and mail
this coupon today, and the fascinating
Free Book and Free Demonstration
Lesson will be sent to you at once. No
obligation. Instruments supplied when
needed, cash or credit. U. S. School
of Music, 401 Brunswick Bldg., New
York City.

U. S. SCHOOL OF MUSIC.

401 Bruniwlek Bldg.. N'» York Clt>

Please «end me your free hook. ’’Music T,ei*m. In

*	°ur Chvn Horne.” with Introilurtlon by Dr. Frank
Crane. Free Demonstration LesMO and particular, of
your easy payment plan. I am Interested In the fol-
lowing course:

                          Have you

Instrument! . .....__________

Name

Address

City