						16th Year of Publication 
                     
                         Weird Tales 
                     
                     
                         25c 
                     
                     
                         JULY 
                     
                     
                         SPAWN OF DAGON 
                     
                     
                         By  Henry Kuttner  
                     
                     
                         Robert Bloch 
                         Seabury Quinn 
                         Edmond Hamilton 
                         David H. Keller 
                     
                 
             
         
         
             
                 
                 [Missing Page] 
             
             
                 
                 
                     A MAGAZINE OF THE BIZARRE AND UNUSUAL 
                     
                         Weird Tales 
                     
                     Registered in U.S. Patent Office 
                     
                         Volume 32  Contents for  July, 1938 
                         Number 1 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         
                             Cover Design 
                             Virgil Finlay 
                             
                         
                         
                             Illustrating a scene in "Spawn of Dagon" 
                         
                         
                             The Weird Sisters from Shakespeare's "Macbeth" 
                             opposite this page 
                             
                         
                         
                             Pictorial interpretation from, drawn by Virgil Finlay 
                         
                         
                             Spawn of Dagon 
                             Henry Kuttner 
                             2 
                         
                         
                             A weird story of Elak of Atlantis, and the worship of the fish-god 
                         
                         
                             Fortune's Fools 
                             Seabury Quinn 
                             14 
                         
                         
                             A thrill-tale of the Dark Ages, about wolves that were men, and men that were wolves 
                         
                         
                             Dust in the House 
                             David H. Keller 
                             36 
                         
                         
                             A shuddery story about the skeletons that sat across the table from each other 
                         
                         
                             The Defense Rests 
                             Julius Long 
                             45 
                         
                         
                             An eery tale of a heartless lawyer, who nevertheless wanted to aquit his own murderer 
                         
                         
                             The Messenger 
                             H. P. Lovecraft 
                             52 
                         
                         
                             Verse 
                         
                         
                             The Black Drama (part 2) 
                             Gans T. Field 
                             53 
                         
                         
                             An eldritch tale about the eery personality that was called Varduk--a story about Lord Byron 
                         
                         
                             He That Hath Wings 
                             Edmond Hamilton 
                             70 
                         
                         
                             The story of a modern Icarus, who tasted the freedom of the sky 
                         
                         
                             Microcosms 
                             Edgar Daniel Kramer 
                             85 
                         
                         
                             Verse 
                         
                         
                             Mother of Toads 
                             Clark Ashton Smith 
                             86 
                         
                         
                             Weird and powerful was the effect of the old woman's potion on the young apprentice 
                         
                         
                             Escape 
                             Paul Ernst 
                             91 
                         
                         
                             A brief tale about the escape of a madman 
                         
                         
                             Return to the Sabbath 
                             Robert Bloch 
                             95 
                         
                         
                             A story of Hollywood--and the gruesome things that emerged from the burial crypt 
                         
                         
                             Ships 
                             Robert E. Howard 
                             104 
                         
                         
                             Verse 
                         
                         
                             Weird Story Reprint: 
                         
                         
                             Saladin's Throne-Rug 
                             E. Hoffmann Price 
                             105 
                         
                         
                             A popular story from an old issue of WEIRD TALES 
                         
                         
                             The Eyrie 
                             
                             122 
                         
                         
                             The readers of WEIRD TALES express their opinions 
                         
                     
                 
                 
                     Published monthly by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company, 2457 East Washington Street, Indianapolis, Ind. Entered as
                        second-class matter March 20, 1923, at the post office at Indianapolis, Ind., under the act of March 3, 1879. Single copies 25
                        cents. Subscription rates: One year in the United States and possessions, Cuba, Mexico, South America, Span, $2.50; Canada,
                        $2.75; elsewhere, $3.00. English office; Otis A. Kline, c/o John Paradise, 86 Strand, W. C. 2, London. The pub-lishers are not
                        responsible for the loss of unsolicited manuscripts although every care will be taken of such material while in their
                        possession. The contents of this magazine are fully protected by copyright and must not be reproduced either wholly or in part
                        without permission of the publishers. 
                     NOTE--All manuscripts and communications should be addressed to the publishers' Chicago office at 840 North Michigan Avenue,
                        Chicago, Ill. FARNSWORTH WRIGHT, Editor. 
                     Copyright 1938, by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company. 
                     COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITAIN 
                     WEIRD TALES ISSUED 1st OF EACH MONTH 
                 
                 W. T.--1 
                 
                 1 
             
             
                 
                 
                 
                     Spawn of Dagon 
                 
                 
                     By  HENRY KUTTNER  
                 
                 
                     An eldritch, fearsome tale of the worship of the fish-god in the ancient world, and the prowess of a doughty swordsman in old
                        Atlantis 
                 
                 
                     
                      Under all graves they murmur,  They murmur and rebel,  Down to the buried kingdoms creep,  And like a lost
                            rain roar and weep  O'er the red heavens of hell.  --Chesterton.  
                     
                         TWO streams of blood trickled 
                         slowly across the rough boards of 
                         the floor. One of them emerged 
                         from a gaping wound in the throat of a 
                         prostrate, armor-clad body; the other 
                         dripped from a chink in the battered 
                         cuirass, and the swaying light of a hang- 
                         ing lamp cast grotesque shadows over the 
                         corpse and the two men who crouched on 
                         their hams watching it. They were both 
                         very drunk. One of them, a tall, extreme- 
                         ly slender man whose bronzed body 
                         seemed boneless, so supple was it, mur- 
                         mured: 
                     
                     
                         "I win, Lycon. The blood wavers 
                         strangely, but the stream I spilt will reach 
                         this crack first." He indicated a space be- 
                         tween two planks with the point of his 
                         rapier. 
                     
                     
                         Lycon's child-like eyes widened in 
                         astonishment. He was short, thick-set, 
                         with a remarkably simian face set atop his 
                         broad shoulders. He swayed slightly as he 
                         gasped, "By Ishtar! The blood runs up- 
                         hill!" 
                     
                     
                         Elak, the slender man, chuckled. 
                         "After all the mead you swilled the ocean 
                         might run up-hill. Well, the wager's 
                         won; I get the loot." He got up and 
                         stepped over to the dead man. Swiftly 
                         he searched him, and suddenly muttered 
                         an explosive curse. "The swine's as 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         bare as a Bacchic vestal! He has no 
                         purse." 
                     
                     
                         Lycon smiled broadly and looked more 
                         than ever like an undersized hairless ape. 
                         "The gods watch over me," he said in 
                         satisfaction. 
                     
                     
                         "Of all the millions in Atlantis you 
                         had to pick a fight with a pauper," Elak 
                         groaned. "Now we'll have to flee San- 
                         Mu, as your quarrels have forced us to 
                         flee Poseidonia and Kornak. And the 
                         San-Mu mead is the best in the land. If 
                         you had to cause trouble, why not choose 
                         a fat usurer? We'd have been paid for 
                         our trouble, then, at least." 
                     
                     
                         "The gods watch over me," Lycon re- 
                         iterated, leaning forward and then rock- 
                         ing back, chuckling to himself. He leaned 
                         too far and fell on his nose, where he re- 
                         mained without moving. Something 
                         dropped from the bosom of his tunic 
                         and fell with a metallic sound to the 
                         oaken floor. Lycon snored. 
                     
                     
                         Elak, smiling unpleasantly, appropri- 
                         ated the purse and investigated its con- 
                         tents. "Your fingers are swifter than 
                         mine," he told the recumbent Lycon, "but 
                         I can hold more mead than you. Next 
                         time don't try to cheat one who has more 
                         brains in his big toe than you have in all 
                         your misshapen body. Scavenging little 
                         ape! Get-up; the innkeeper is returning 
                         with soldiers." 
                     
                     
                         He thrust the purse into the wallet at 
                         his belt and kicked Lycon heartily, but 
                         the small thief failed to awaken. Cursing 
                         with a will, Elak hoisted the body of the 
                         other to his shoulders and staggered 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 SPAWN OF DAGON 3 
                 
                     
                     
                         toward the back of the tavern. The dis- 
                         tant sound of shouting from the street 
                         outside grew louder, and Elak thought he 
                         could hear the querulous complaints of 
                         the innkeeper. 
                     
                     
                         "There will be a reckoning, Lycon!" he 
                         promised bitterly. "Ishtar, yes! You'll 
                         learn--" 
                     
                     
                         He pushed through a golden drapery 
                         and hurried along a corridor--kicked 
                         open an oaken door and came out in the 
                         alley behind the tavern. Above, cold 
                         stars glittered frostily, and an icy wind 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         blew on Elak's sweating face, sobering 
                         him somewhat. 
                     
                     
                         Lycon stirred and writhed in his arms. 
                         "More grog!" he muttered. "Oh gods! 
                         Is there no more grog?" A maudlin tear 
                         fell hotly on Elak's neck, and the latter 
                         for a moment entertained the not un- 
                         pleasant idea of dropping Lycon and leav- 
                         ing him for the irate guards. The soldiers 
                         of San-Mu were not renowned for their 
                         soft-heartedness, and tales of what they 
                         sometimes did to their captives were un- 
                         pleasantly explicit. 
                     
                 
                 
                     "Ishtar!" Elak breathed. "What wizardry's this?" 
                 
             
             
                 
                 4 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         However, he ran along the alley in- 
                         stead, blundered into a brawny form that 
                         sprang out of the darkness abruptly, and 
                         saw a snarling, bearded face indistinct in 
                         the vague starlight. He dropped Lycon 
                         and whipped out his rapier. Already the 
                         soldier was plunging forward, his great 
                         sword rushing down. 
                     
                     
                         Then it happened. Elak saw the 
                         guard's mouth open in a square of amaze- 
                         ment, saw horror spring into the cold 
                         eyes. The man's face was a mask of 
                         abysmal fear. He flung himself back 
                         desperately--the sword-tip just missed 
                         Elak's face. 
                     
                     
                         The soldier raced away into the 
                         shadows. 
                     
                     
                         WITH a snake-like movement Elak 
                         turned, rapier ready. He caught a 
                         blur of swift motion. The man facing 
                         him had lifted quick hands to his face, 
                         and dropped them as suddenly. But 
                         there was no menace in the gesture. 
                         Nevertheless Elak felt a chill of inexpli- 
                         cable uneasiness crawl down his back as 
                         he faced his rescuer. The soldiers of 
                         San-Mu were courageous, if lacking in 
                         human kindness. What had frightened 
                         the attacking guard? 
                     
                     
                         He eyed the other. He saw a medium- 
                         sized man, clad in voluminous gray gar- 
                         ments that were almost invisible in the 
                         gloom--saw a white face with regular, 
                         statuesque features. A black hollow 
                         sprang into existence within the white 
                         mask as a soft voice whispered, "You'd 
                         escape from the guards? No need for 
                         your rapier--I'm a friend." 
                     
                     
                         "Who the--but there's no time for 
                         talk. Thanks, and good-bye." 
                     
                     
                         Elak stooped and hoisted Lycon to his 
                         shoulders again. The little man was 
                         blinking and murmuring soft appeals for 
                         more mead. And the hasty thunder of 
                         mailed feet grew louder, while torchlight 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         swiftly approaching cast gleams of light 
                         about the trio. 
                     
                     
                         "In here," the gray-clad man whis- 
                         pered. "You'll be safe." Now Elak saw 
                         that in the stone wall beside him a black 
                         rectangle gaped. He sprang through the 
                         portal without hesitation. The other fol- 
                         lowed, and instantly they were in utter 
                         blackness as an unseen door swung creak- 
                         ingly on rusty hinges. 
                     
                     
                         Elak felt a soft hand touch his own. 
                         Or was it a hand? For a second he had 
                         the incredible feeling that the thing 
                         whose flesh he had touched did not be- 
                         long to any human body--it was too soft, 
                         too cold! His skin crawled at the feel of 
                         the thing. It was withdrawn, and a fold 
                         of gray cloth swung against his palm. 
                         He gripped it. 
                     
                     
                         "Follow!" 
                     
                     
                         Silently, gripping the guide's garment, 
                         bearing Lycon on his shoulders, Elak 
                         moved forward. How the other could 
                         find his way through the blackness Elak 
                         did not know, unless he knew the way 
                         by heart. Yet the passage--if passage it 
                         was--turned and twisted endlessly as it 
                         went down. Presently Elak had the feel- 
                         ing that he was moving through a larger 
                         space, a cave, perhaps. His footsteps 
                         sounded differently, somehow. And 
                         through the darkness vague whisperings 
                         came to him. 
                     
                     
                         Whispers in no language he knew. 
                         The murmurous sibilants rustled out 
                         strangely, making Elak's brows contract 
                         and his free hand go involuntarily to the 
                         hilt of his rapier. He snarled, "Who's 
                         here?" 
                     
                     
                         The invisible guide cried out in the 
                         mysterious tongue. Instantly the whisper- 
                         ings stopped. 
                     
                     
                         "You are among friends," a voice said 
                         softly from the blackness. "We are al- 
                         most at our destination. A few more 
                         steps--" 
                     
                     
                         A few more steps, and light blazed up. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 SPAWN OF DAGON 5 
                 
                     
                     
                         They stood in a small rectangular cham- 
                         ber hollowed out of the rock. The ni- 
                         trous walls gleamed dankly in the glow 
                         of an oil lamp, and a little stream ran 
                         across the rock floor of the cave and lost 
                         itself, amid chuckles of goblin laughter, 
                         in a small hole at the base of the wall. 
                         Two doors were visible. The gray-clad 
                         man was closing one of them. 
                     
                     
                         A crude table and a few chairs were 
                         all the furnishings of the room. Elak 
                         strained his ears. He heard something-- 
                         something that should not be heard in 
                         inland San-Mu. He could not be mis- 
                         taken. The sound of waves lapping soft- 
                         ly in the distance . . . and occasionally 
                         a roaring crash, as of breakers smashing 
                         on a rocky shore. 
                     
                     
                         He dumped Lycon unceremoniously in 
                         one of the chairs. The little man fell 
                         forward on the table, pillowing his head 
                         in his arms. Sadly he muttered, "Is there 
                         no mead in Atlantis? I die, Elak. My 
                         belly is an arid desert across which the 
                         armies of Eblis march." 
                     
                     
                         He sobbed unhappily for a moment 
                         and fell asleep. 
                     
                     
                         ELAK ostentatiously unsheathed his ra- 
                         pier and laid it on the table. His 
                         slender fingers closed on the hilt. "An 
                         explanation," he said, "is due. Where 
                         are we?" 
                     
                     
                         "I am Gesti," said the gray-clad one. 
                         His face seemed chalk-white in the light 
                         of the oil lamp. His eyes, deeply sunken, 
                         were covered with a curious glaze. "I 
                         saved you from the guards, eh? You'll 
                         not deny that?" 
                     
                     
                         "You have my thanks," Elak said. 
                         "Well?" 
                     
                     
                         "I need the aid of a brave man. And 
                         I'll pay well. If you're interested, good. 
                         If not, I'll see you leave San-Mu safely." 
                     
                     
                         Elak considered. "It's true we've little 
                         money." He thought of the purse in his 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         wallet and grinned wryly. "Not enough 
                         to last us long, at any rate. Perhaps we're 
                         interested. Although--" He hesitated. 
                     
                     
                         "Well?" 
                     
                     
                         "I could bear to know how you got 
                         rid of the soldier so quickly, back in the 
                         alley behind the tavern." 
                     
                     
                         "I do not think that matters," Gesti 
                         whispered in his sibilant voice. "The 
                         guards are superstitious. And it's easy 
                         to play on their weakness. Let that suf- 
                         fice!" The cold glazed eyes met Elak's 
                         squarely, and a little warning note 
                         seemed to clang in his brain. 
                     
                     
                         There was danger here. Yet danger 
                         had seldom given him pause. He said, 
                         "What will you pay?" 
                     
                     
                         "A thousand golden pieces." 
                     
                     
                         "Fifty thousand cups of mead," Lycon 
                         murmured sleepily. "Accept it, Elak. 
                         I'll await you here." 
                     
                     
                         There was little affection in the glance 
                         Elak cast at his companion. "You'll get 
                         none of it," he promised. "Not a gold 
                         piece!" 
                     
                     
                         He turned to Gesti. "What's to be 
                         done for this reward?" 
                     
                     
                         Gesti's immobile face watched him 
                         cryptically. "Kill Zend." 
                     
                     
                         Elak said, "Kill--Zend? Zend? The 
                         Wizard of Atlantis?" 
                     
                     
                         "Are you afraid?" Gesti asked tone- 
                         lessly. 
                     
                     
                         "I am," Lycon said without lifting his 
                         head from his arms. "However, if Elak 
                         is not, he may slay Zend and I'll wait 
                         here." 
                     
                     
                         Ignoring him, Elak said, "I've heard 
                         strange things of Zend. His powers are 
                         not human. Indeed, he's not been seen 
                         in the streets of San-Mu for ten years. 
                         Men say he's immortal." 
                     
                     
                         "Men--are fools." And in Gesti's 
                         voice there was a contempt that made 
                         Elak stare at him sharply. It was as 
                         though Gesti was commenting on some 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 6 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         race alien to him. The gray-clad man 
                         went on hurriedly, as though sensing the 
                         trend of Elak's thoughts. "We have 
                         driven a passage under Zend's palace. 
                         We can break through at any time; that 
                         we shall do tonight. Two tasks I give 
                         you: kill Zend; shatter the red sphere." 
                     
                     
                         Elak said, "You're cryptic. What red 
                         sphere?" 
                     
                     
                         "It lies in the topmost minaret of his 
                         palace. His magic comes from it. There 
                         is rich loot in the palace, Elak--if that's 
                         your name. So the little man called you." 
                     
                     
                         "Elak or dunce or robber of drunken 
                         men," Lycon said, absently feeling the 
                         bosom of his tunic. "All alike. Call him 
                         by any of those names and you'll be right. 
                         Where is my gold, Elak?" 
                     
                     
                         But without waiting for an answer he 
                         slumped down in his chair, his eyes clos- 
                         ing and his mouth dropping open as he 
                         snored. Presently he fell off the chair 
                         and rolled under the table, where he 
                         slumbered. 
                     
                     
                         "What the devil can I do with him?" 
                         Elak asked. "I can't take him with me. 
                         He'd--" 
                     
                     
                         "Leave him here." Gesti said. 
                     
                     
                         Elak's cold eyes probed the other. 
                         "He'll be safe?" 
                     
                     
                         "Quite safe. None in San-Mu but our 
                         band knows of this underground way." 
                     
                     
                         "What band is that?" Elak asked. 
                     
                     
                         Gesti said nothing for a time. Then 
                         his soft voice whispered, "Need you 
                         know? A political group banded together 
                         to overthrow the king of San-Mu, and 
                         Zend, from whom he gets his power. 
                         Have you more--questions?" 
                     
                     
                         "No." 
                     
                     
                         "Then follow." 
                     
                     
                         Gesti led Elak to one of the oaken 
                         doors; it swung open, and they moved 
                         forward up a winding passage. In the 
                         dark Elak stumbled over a step. He felt 
                         the cloth of Gesti's garment touch his 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         hand, and gripped it. In the blackness 
                         they ascended a staircase cut out of the 
                         rock. 
                     
                     
                         Half-way up, Gesti paused. "I can go 
                         no further," he whispered. "The way is 
                         straight. At the end of the stairway there 
                         is a trap-door of stone. Open it. You'll 
                         be in Zend's place. Here is a weapon 
                         for you." He thrust a tube of cold metal 
                         into Elak's hand. "Simply squeeze its 
                         sides, pointing the smaller end at Zend. 
                         You understand?" 
                     
                     
                         Elak nodded, and, although Gesti 
                         could scarcely have seen the movement in 
                         the darkness, he whispered, "Good. Da- 
                         gon guard you!" 
                     
                     
                         He turned away; Elak heard the soft 
                         rush of his descent dying in the distance. 
                         He began to mount the stairs, wonder- 
                         ingly. Dagon--was Gesti a worshipper 
                         of the forbidden evil god of ocean? Po- 
                         seidon, a benignant sea-god, was adored 
                         in marble temples all over the land, but 
                         the dark worship of Dagon had been 
                         banned for generations. There were tales 
                         of another race whose god Dagon was-- 
                         a race that had not sprung from human 
                         or even earthly loins. . . . 
                     
                     
                         GRIPPING the odd weapon, Elak felt 
                         his way upward. At length his head 
                         banged painfully against stone, and, curs- 
                         ing softly, he felt about in the darkness. 
                         It was the trap-door of which Gesti had 
                         spoken. Two bolts slid back in well-oiled 
                         grooves. And the door lifted easily as 
                         Elak thrust his shoulders against it. 
                     
                     
                         He clambered up in semi-darkness, 
                         finding himself in a small bare room 
                         through which light filtered from a nar- 
                         row window-slit high in the wall. A 
                         mouse, squeaking fearfully, fled as he 
                         scrambled to his feet. Apparently the 
                         room was little used. Elak moved stealth- 
                         ily to the door. 
                     
                     
                         It swung open a little under his cau- 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 SPAWN OF DAGON 7 
                 
                     
                     
                         tious hand. A corridor stretched before 
                         him, dimly lit by cold blue radiance that 
                         came from tiny gems set in the ceiling 
                         at intervals. Elak followed the upward 
                         slant of the passage; the red sphere Gesti 
                         had mentioned was in the topmost min- 
                         aret. Up, then: 
                     
                     
                         In a niche in the wall Elak saw the 
                         head. The shock of it turned him cold 
                         with amazement. A bodiless head, set 
                         upright on a golden pedestal within a 
                         little alcove--its cheeks sunken, hair lank 
                         and disheveled--but eyes bright with in- 
                         credible life! Those eyes watched him! 
                     
                     
                         "Ishtar!" Elak breathed. "What wiz- 
                         ardry's this?" 
                     
                     
                         He soon found out. The pallid lips of 
                         the horror writhed and twisted, and from 
                         them came a high skirling cry of warn- 
                         ing. 
                     
                     
                         "Zend! Zend! A stranger walks 
                         your--" 
                     
                     
                         Elak's rapier flew. There was scarcely 
                         any blood. He dragged the blade from 
                         the eyesocket, whispering prayers to all 
                         the gods and goddesses he could remem- 
                         ber. The lean jaw dropped, and a black- 
                         ened and swollen tongue lolled from be- 
                         tween the teeth. A red, shrunken eyelid 
                         dropped over the eye Elak had not 
                         pierced. 
                     
                     
                         There was no sound save for Elak's 
                         hastened breathing. He eyed the mon- 
                         strous thing in the alcove, and then, con- 
                         fident that it was no longer a menace, 
                         lengthened his steps up the passage. Had 
                         Zend heard the warning of his sentinel? 
                         If so, danger lurked all about him. 
                     
                     
                         A silver curtain slashed with a black 
                         pattern hung across the corridor. Elak 
                         parted it, and, watching, he froze in 
                         every muscle. 
                     
                     
                         A dwarf, no more than four feet tall, 
                         with a disproportionately large head and 
                         a gray, wrinkled skin, was trotting briskly 
                         toward him. From the tales he had heard 
                         Elak imagined the dwarf to be Zend. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Behind the wizard strode a half-naked 
                         giant, who carried over his shoulder the 
                         limp form of a girl. Elak spun about, 
                         realizing that he had delayed too long. 
                         Zend was parting the silver curtain as 
                         Elak raced back down the corridor. 
                     
                     
                         At his side a black rectangle loomed-- 
                         a passage he had overlooked, apparently, 
                         when he had passed it before. He sprang 
                         into its shielding darkness. When Zend 
                         passed he would strike down the wizard 
                         and take his chances with the giant. Re- 
                         membering the smooth hard muscles that 
                         had rippled under the dead-white skin 
                         of the man, Elak was not so sure that his 
                         chances would be worth much. He real- 
                         ized now that the giant had seemed fa- 
                         miliar. 
                     
                     
                         Then he knew. Two days ago he had 
                         seen a man--a condemned criminal--be- 
                         headed in the temple of Posedion. There 
                         could be no mistake. The giant was the 
                         same man, brought back to life by Zend's 
                         evil necromancy! 
                     
                     
                         "Ishtar!" Elak whispered, sweating. 
                         "I'd be better off in the hands of the 
                         guards." How could he slay a man who 
                         was already dead? 
                     
                     
                         Elak hesitated, his rapier half drawn. 
                         There was no use borrowing trouble. He 
                         would keep safely out of sight until Zend 
                         was separated from his ghastly servitor-- 
                         and then it would be an easy matter to 
                         put six inches of steel through the wiz- 
                         ard's body. Elak was never one for tak- 
                         ing unnecessary risks, as he had a whole- 
                         some regard for his hide. He heard a 
                         shuffling of feet and drew back within 
                         the side-passage to let Zend pass. But 
                         the wizard turned suddenly and began to 
                         mount the steeply sloping corridor where 
                         Elak lurked. In Zend's hand was a softly 
                         glowing gem that illuminated the pas- 
                         sage, though not brightly. 
                     
                     
                         Elak fled. The passage was steep and 
                         narrow, and it ended at last before a 
                         blank wall. Behind him a steady padding 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 8 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         of feet grew louder in the distance. He 
                         felt around desperately in the dark. If 
                         there was a hidden spring in the walls, 
                         he failed to find it. 
                     
                     
                         A grin lighted his face as he realized 
                         how narrow the passage was. If he could 
                         do it-- 
                     
                     
                         HE PLEACED his palms flat against the 
                         wall, and with his bare feet found 
                         an easy purchase on the opposite one. 
                         Face down, swiftly, with his muscles 
                         cracking under the strain, he walked up 
                         the wall until he was safely above the 
                         head of even the giant. There he stopped, 
                         sweating, and glanced down. 
                     
                     
                         Only an enormously strong man could 
                         have done it, and if Elak had weighed a 
                         little more it would have been impossible. 
                         His shoulders and thighs ached as he 
                         strained to hold his position without mov- 
                         ing. 
                     
                     
                         The trio were approaching. If they 
                         should glance up, Elak was ready to drop 
                         and use his blade, or the strange weapon 
                         Gesti had given him. But apparently 
                         they did not notice him, hidden as he 
                         was in the shadows of the high ceiling. 
                     
                     
                         . He caught a glimpse of the girl the 
                         giant carried. A luscious wench! But, 
                         of course, Zend would undoubtedly 
                         choose only the most attractive maidens 
                         for his necromancy and sorcery. 
                     
                     
                         "If that dead-alive monster weren't 
                         here," he ruminated, "I'd be tempted to 
                         fall on Zend's head. No doubt the girl 
                         would be grateful." 
                     
                     
                         She was, at the moment, unconscious. 
                         Long black lashes lay on cream-pale 
                         cheeks, and dark ringlets swayed as the 
                         giant lurched on. Zend's hand fumbled 
                         out, touched the wall. The smooth sur- 
                         face of stone lifted and the gray dwarf 
                         pattered into the dimness beyond. The 
                         giant followed, and the door dropped 
                         again. 
                     
                     
                         With a low curse of relief Elak swung 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         noiselessly to the floor and rubbed his 
                         hands on his leather tunic. They were 
                         bleeding, and only the hardness of his 
                         soles had saved his feet from a similar 
                         fate. After a brief wait Elak fumbled 
                         in the darkness and found the concealed 
                         spring. 
                     
                     
                         The door lifted, with a whispering 
                         rush of sound. Elak found himself in a 
                         short corridor that ended in another 
                         black-slashed silver curtain. He moved 
                         forward, noticing with relief that the 
                         door remained open behind him. 
                     
                     
                         Beyond the silver curtain was a room 
                         --huge, high-domed, with great open 
                         windows through which the chill night 
                         wind blew strongly. The room blazed 
                         with the coruscating brilliance of the 
                         glowing gems, which were set in walls 
                         and ceiling in bizarre, arabesque patterns. 
                         Through one window Elak saw the yel- 
                         low globe of the moon, which was just 
                         rising. Three archways, curtained, broke 
                         the smooth expanse of the farther wall. 
                         The chamber itself, richly furnished with 
                         rugs and silks and ornaments, was empty 
                         of occupants. Elak noiselessly covered 
                         the distance to the archways and peered 
                         through the curtain of the first. 
                     
                     
                         Blazing white light blinded him. He 
                         had a flashing, indistinct vision of tre- 
                         mendous forces, leashed, cyclopean, 
                         straining mightily to burst the bonds that 
                         held them. Yet actually he saw nothing 
                         --merely an empty room. But empty he 
                         knew that it was not! Power unimagin- 
                         able surged from beyond the archway, 
                         shuddering through every atom of Elak's 
                         body. Glittering steel walls reflected his 
                         startled face. 
                     
                     
                         And on the floor, in the very center of 
                         the room, he saw a small mud-colored 
                         stone. That was all. Yet about the stone 
                         surged a tide of power that made Elak 
                         drop the curtain and back away, his eyes 
                         wide with fear. Very quickly he turned 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 SPAWN OF DAGON 9 
                 
                     
                     
                         to the next curtain--peered apprehen- 
                         sively beyond it. 
                     
                     
                         Here was a small room, cluttered with 
                         alembics, retorts, and other of Zend's 
                         magical paraphernalia. The pallid giant 
                         stood silently in a corner. On a low table 
                         was stretched the girl, still unconscious. 
                         Above her hovered the gray dwarf, a 
                         crystal vial in one hand. He tilted it; a 
                         drop fell. 
                     
                     
                         Elak heard Zend's harsh voice. 
                     
                     
                         "A new servant ... a new soul to 
                         serve me. When her soul is freed, I shall 
                         send it to Antares. There is a planet 
                         there where I've heard much sorcery ex- 
                         ists. Mayhap I can learn a few more 
                         secrets. . . 
                     
                     
                         Elak turned to the last alcove. He 
                         lifted the curtain, saw a steep stairway. 
                         From it rose-red light blazed down. He 
                         remembered Gesti's words: "Shatter the 
                         red sphere! His magic comes from it." 
                     
                     
                         Good! He'd break the sphere first, and 
                         then, with no magic to protect him, Zend 
                         would be easy prey. With a lithe bound 
                         Elak began to mount the stairs. Behind 
                         him came a guttural cry. 
                     
                     
                         "Eblis, Ishtar, and Poseidon!" Elak 
                         said hastily. "Protect me now!" He was 
                         at the top of the staircase, in a high- 
                         domed room through which moonlight 
                         crept from narrow windows. It was the 
                         room of the sphere. 
                     
                     
                         Glowing, shining with lambent rose- 
                         red radiance, the great sphere lay in a 
                         silver cradle, metallic tubes and wires 
                         trailing from it to vanish into the walls. 
                         Half as tall as Elak's body it was, its 
                         brilliance soft but hypnotically intense-- 
                         and he stood for a moment motionless, 
                         staring. 
                     
                     
                         BEHIND him feet clattered on the stair. 
                         He turned, saw the pallid giant lum- 
                         bering up. A livid scar circled the dead- 
                         white neck. He had been right, then. 
                         This was the criminal he had seen exe- 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         cuted--brought back to life by Zend's 
                         necromancy. In the face of real danger 
                         Elak forgot the gods and drew his rapier. 
                         Prayers, he had found, would not halt 
                         a dagger's blow or a strangler's hands. 
                     
                     
                         Without a sound the giant sprang for 
                         Elak, who dodged under the great clutch- 
                         ing paws and sent his rapier's point deep 
                         within the dead-white breast. It bent 
                         dangerously; he whipped it out just in 
                         time to save it from snapping, and it 
                         sang shrilly as it vibrated. Elak's oppo- 
                         nent seemed unhurt. Yet the rapier had 
                         pierced his heart. He bled not at all. 
                     
                     
                         The battle was not a long one, and it 
                         ended at a window. The two men went 
                         reeling and swaying about the room, rip- 
                         ping wires and tubes from their places in 
                         the fury of their struggle. Abruptly the 
                         red light of the globe dimmed, went out. 
                         Simultaneously Elak felt the giant's cold 
                         arms go about his waist. 
                     
                     
                         Before they could tighten, he dropped. 
                         The moon peered in at a narrow win- 
                         dow just beside him, and he flung him- 
                         self desperately against the giant's legs, 
                         wrenching with all his strength. The 
                         undead creature toppled. 
                     
                     
                         He came down as a tree falls, without 
                         striving to break the force of the impact. 
                         His hands went out clutchingly for Elak's 
                         throat. But Elak was shoving frantically 
                         at the white, cold, muscular body, forcing 
                         it out the narrow window. It overbal- 
                         anced, toppled--and fell. 
                     
                     
                         The giant made no outcry. After a 
                         moment a heavy thud was audible. Elak 
                         got up and recovered his rapier, loudly 
                         thanking Ishtar for his deliverance. 
                         "For," he thought, "a little politeness 
                         costs nothing, and even though my own 
                         skill and not Ishtar's hand saved me, one 
                         never knows." Too, there were other 
                         dangers to face, and if the gods are ca- 
                         pricious, the goddesses are certainly even 
                         more so. 
                     
                     
                         A loud shriek from below made him 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 10 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         go quickly down the stairway, rapier 
                         ready. Zend was running toward him, 
                         his gray face a mask of fear. The dwarf 
                         hesitated at sight of him, spun about as 
                         a low rumble of voices came from near 
                         by. At the foot of the stairway Elak 
                         waited. 
                     
                     
                         From the passage by which Elak had 
                         entered the great room a horde of night- 
                         mare beings spewed. In their van came 
                         Gesti, gray garments flapping, white face 
                         immobile as ever. Behind him sheer hor- 
                         ror squirmed and leaped and tumbled. 
                         With a shock of loathing Elak remem- 
                         bered the whispering voices he had heard 
                         in the underground cavern--and knew, 
                         now, what manner of creatures had spok- 
                         en thus. 
                     
                     
                         A race that had not sprung from hu- 
                         man or even earthly loins. . . . 
                     
                     
                         Their faces were hideous staring masks, 
                         fish-like in contour, with parrot-like beaks 
                         and great staring eyes covered with a 
                         filmy glaze. Their bodies were amor- 
                         phous things, half solid and half gela- 
                         tinous ooze, like the iridescent slime of 
                         jellyfish; writhing tentacles sprouted ir- 
                         regularly from the ghastly bodies of the 
                         things. They were the offspring of no 
                         sane universe, and they came in a blas- 
                         phemous hissing rush across the room. 
                         The rapier stabbed out vainly and clat- 
                         tered to the stones as Elak went down. 
                         He struggled futilely for a moment, 
                         hearing the harsh, agonized shrieks of the 
                         wizard. Cold tentacles were all about 
                         him, blinding him in their constricting 
                         coils. Then suddenly the weight that 
                         held him helpless was gone. His legs 
                         and arms, he discovered, were tightly 
                         bound with cords. He fought vainly to 
                         escape; then lay quietly. 
                     
                     
                         Beside him, he saw, the wizard lay 
                         tightly trussed. The nightmare beings 
                         were moving in an orderly rush toward 
                         the room in which Elak had sensed the 
                         surges of tremendous power, where lay 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         the little brown stone. They vanished 
                         beyond the curtain, and beside Elak and 
                         the wizard there remained only Gesti. 
                         He stood looking down at the two, his 
                         white face immobile. 
                     
                     
                         "What treachery is this?" Elak asked 
                         with no great hopefulness. "Set me free 
                         and give me my gold." 
                     
                     
                         But Gesti merely said, "You won't 
                         need it. You will die very soon." 
                     
                     
                         "Eh? Why--" 
                     
                     
                         "Fresh human blood is needed. That's 
                         why we didn't kill you or Zend. We 
                         need your blood. We'll be ready soon." 
                     
                     
                         An outburst of sibilant whispers came 
                         from beyond the silver drape. Elak said 
                         unsteadily, "What manner of demons are 
                         those?" 
                     
                     
                         The wizard gasped, "You ask him? 
                         Did you not know--" 
                     
                     
                         GESTI lifted gloved hands and re- 
                         moved his face. Elak bit his lips 
                         to choke back a scream. Now he knew 
                         why Gesti's face had seemed so immobile. 
                         It was a mask. 
                     
                     
                         Behind it were the parrot-like beak 
                         and fish-like eyes Elak now knew all too 
                         well. The gray robes sloughed off; the 
                         gloves dropped from the limber tips of 
                         tentacles. From the horrible beak came 
                         the sibilant whisper of the monster: 
                     
                     
                         "Now you know whom you served." 
                     
                     
                         The thing that had called itself Gesti 
                         turned and progressed--that was the only 
                         way to describe its method of moving-- 
                         to the curtain behind which its fellows 
                         had vanished. It joined them. 
                     
                     
                         Zend was staring at Elak. "You did 
                         not know? You served them, and yet 
                         did not know?" 
                     
                     
                         "By Ishtar, no!" Elak swore. "D'you 
                         think I'd have let those--those--what are 
                         they? What are they going to do?" 
                     
                     
                         "Roll over here," Zend commanded. 
                         "Maybe I can loosen your bonds." 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 SPAWN OF DAGON 11 
                 
                     
                     
                     
                         Elak obeyed, and the wizard's fingers 
                         worked deftly. 
                     
                     
                         "I doubt--no human hands tied these 
                         knots. But--" 
                     
                     
                         "What are they?" Elak asked again. 
                         "Tell me, before I go mad thinking hell 
                         has loosed its legions on Atlantis." 
                     
                     
                         "They are the children of Dagon," 
                         Zend said. "Their dwelling-place is in 
                         the great deeps of the ocean. Have you 
                         never heard of the unearthly ones who 
                         worship Dagon?" 
                     
                     
                         "Yes. But I never believed--" 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, there's truth in the tale. Eons 
                         and unimaginable eons ago, before man- 
                         kind existed on earth, only the waters 
                         existed. There was no land. And from 
                         the slime there sprang up a race of be- 
                         ings which dwelt in the sunken abysses 
                         of the ocean, inhuman creatures that wor- 
                         shipped Dagon, their god. When eventual- 
                         ly the waters receded and great continents 
                         arose, these beings were driven down 
                         to the lowest depths. Their mighty king- 
                         dom, that had once stretched from pole 
                         to pole, was shrunken as the huge land- 
                         masses lifted. Mankind came--but from 
                         whence I do not know--and civiliza- 
                         tions arose. Hold still. These cursed 
                         knots--" 
                     
                     
                         "I don't understand all of that," Elak 
                         said, wincing as the wizard's nail dug 
                         into his wrist. "But go on." 
                     
                     
                         "These things hate man, for they feel 
                         that man has usurped their kingdom. 
                         Their greatest hope is to sink the conti- 
                         nents again, so that the seas will roll over 
                         all the earth, and not a human being will 
                         survive. Their power will embrace the 
                         whole world, as it once did eons ago. 
                         They are not human, you see, and they 
                         worship Dagon. They want no other 
                         gods worshipped on Earth. Ishtar, dark 
                         Eblis, even Poseidon of the sunlit 
                         seas. . . . They will achieve their desire 
                         now, I fear." 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "Not if I can get free," Elak said. 
                         "How do the knots hold?" 
                     
                     
                         "They hold," the wizard said discour- 
                         agedly. "But one strand is loose. My 
                         fingers are raw. The--the red globe is 
                         broken?" 
                     
                     
                         "No," Elak said. "Some cords were 
                         torn loose as I fought with your slave, 
                         and the light went out of it. Why?" 
                     
                     
                         "The gods be thanked!" Zend said 
                         fervently. "If I can repair the damage 
                         and light the globe again, the children 
                         of Dagon will die. That's the purpose of 
                         it. The rays it emits destroy their bodies, 
                         which are otherwise invulnerable, or al- 
                         most so. If I hadn't had the globe, they'd 
                         have invaded my palace and killed me 
                         long ago." 
                     
                     
                         "They have a tunnel under the cellars," 
                         Elak said. 
                     
                     
                         "I see. But they dared not invade the 
                         palace while the globe shone, for the 
                         light-rays would have killed them. Curse 
                         these knots! If they accomplish their pur- 
                         pose--" 
                     
                     
                         "What's that?" Elak asked--but he 
                         had already guessed the answer. 
                     
                     
                         "To sink Atlantis! This island-conti- 
                         nent would have gone down beneath the 
                         sea long ago if I hadn't pitted my magic 
                         and my science against that of the chil- 
                         dren of Dagon. They are masters of the 
                         earthquake, and Atlantis rests on none 
                         too solid a foundation. Their power is 
                         sufficient to sink Atlantis for ever beneath 
                         the sea. But within that room"--Zend 
                         nodded toward the curtain that hid the 
                         sea-bred horrors--"in that room there is 
                         power far stronger than theirs. I have 
                         drawn strength from the stars, and the 
                         cosmic sources beyond the universe. You 
                         know nothing of my power. It is enough 
                         --more than enough--to keep Atlantis 
                         steady on its foundation, impregnable 
                         against the attacks of Dagon's breed. 
                         They have destroyed other lands before 
                         Atlantis." 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 12 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         Hot blood dripped on Elak's hands as 
                         the wizard tore at the cords. 
                     
                     
                         "Aye . . . other lands. There were 
                         races that dwelt on Earth before man 
                         came. My powers have shown me a sun- 
                         lit island that once reared far to the south, 
                         an island where dwelt a race of beings 
                         tall as trees, whose flesh was hard as 
                         stone, and whose shape was so strange 
                         you could scarcely comprehend it. The 
                         waters rose and covered that island, and 
                         its people died. I have seen a gigantic 
                         mountain that speared up from a waste 
                         of tossing waters, in Earth's youth, and 
                         in the towers and minarets that crowned 
                         its summit dwelt beings like sphinxes, 
                         with the heads of beasts and gods and 
                         whose broad wings could not save them 
                         when the cataclysm came. For ruin came 
                         to the city of the sphinxes, and it sank 
                         beneath the ocean--destroyed by the chil- 
                         dren of Dagon. And there was--" 
                     
                     
                         "Hold!" Elak's breathless whisper 
                         halted the wizard's voice. "Hold! I see 
                         rescue, Zend." 
                     
                     
                         "Eh?" The wizard screwed his head 
                         around until he too saw the short, ape- 
                         featured man who was running silently 
                         across the room, knife in hand. It was 
                         Lycon, whom Elak had left slumbering 
                         in the underground den of Gesti. 
                     
                     
                         The knife flashed and Elak and Zend 
                         were free. Elak said swiftly, "Up the 
                         stairs, wizard. Repair your magic globe, 
                         since you say its light will kill these hor- 
                         rors. We'll hold the stairway." 
                     
                     
                         WITHOUT a word the gray dwarf 
                         sped silently up the steps and was 
                         gone. Elak turned to Lycon. 
                     
                     
                         "How the devil--" 
                     
                     
                         Lycon blinked wide blue eyes. "I 
                         scarcely know, Elak. Only when you 
                         were carrying me out of the tavern and 
                         the soldier screamed and ran away I saw 
                         something that made me so drunk I 
                         couldn't remember what it was. I remem- 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         bered only a few minutes ago, back down- 
                         stairs somewhere. A face that looked like 
                         a gargoyle's, with a terrible great beak 
                         and eyes like Midgard Serpent's. And I 
                         remembered I'd seen Gesti put a mask 
                         over the awful face just before you turned 
                         there in the alley. So I knew Gesti was 
                         probably a demon." 
                     
                     
                         "And so you came here," Elak com- 
                         mented softly. "Well, it's a good thing 
                         for me you did. I--what's the matter?" 
                         Lycon's blue eyes were bulging. 
                     
                     
                         "Is this your demon?" the little man 
                         asked, pointing. 
                     
                     
                         Elak turned, and smiled grimly. Fac- 
                         ing him, her face puzzled and frightened, 
                         was the girl on whom Zend had been 
                         experimenting--the maiden whose soul 
                         he had been about to unleash to serve 
                         him when Elak had arrived. Her eyes 
                         were open now, velvet-soft and dark, and 
                         her white body gleamed against the silver- 
                         black drape. 
                     
                     
                         Apparently she had awakened, and had 
                         arisen from her hard couch. 
                     
                     
                         Elak's hand went up in a warning ges- 
                         ture, commanding silence, but it was too 
                         late. The girl said, 
                     
                     
                         "Who are you? Zend kidnapped me 
                         --are you come to set me free? 
                         Where--" 
                     
                     
                         With a bound Elak reached her, 
                         dragged her back, thrust her up the stair- 
                         way. His rapier flashed in his hand. 
                         Over his shoulder he cast a wolfish smile. 
                     
                     
                         "If we live, you'll escape Zend and 
                         his magic," he told the girl, hearing an 
                         outburst of sibilant cries and the rushing 
                         murmur of the attacking horde. Yet he 
                         did not turn. "What's your name?" he 
                         asked. 
                     
                     
                         "Coryllis." 
                     
                     
                         "'Ware, Elak!" Lycon shouted. 
                     
                     
                         Elak turned to see the little man's 
                         sword flash out, shearing a questing ten- 
                         tacle in two. The severed end dropped, 
                         writhing and coiling in hideous knots. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 SPAWN OF DAGON 13 
                 
                     
                     
                         The frightful devil-masks of monsters 
                         glared into Elak's eyes. The children of 
                         Dagon came sweeping in a resistless rush, 
                         cold eyes glazed and glaring, tentacles 
                         questing, iridescent bodies shifting and 
                         pulsing like jelly--and Elak and Lycon 
                         and the girl, Coryllis, were caught by 
                         their fearful wave and forced back, up 
                         the staircase. 
                     
                     
                         Snarling inarticulate curses, Lycon 
                         swung his sword, but it was caught and 
                         dragged from his hand by a muscular 
                         tentacle. Elak tried to shield Coryllis 
                         with his own body; he felt himself going 
                         down, smothering beneath the oppres- 
                         sive weight of cold, hideous bodies that 
                         writhed and twisted with dreadful life. 
                         He struck out desperately--and felt a 
                         hard, cold surface melting like snow 
                         beneath his hands. 
                     
                     
                         The weight that held him down was 
                         dissipating--the things were retreating, 
                         flowing back, racing and flopping and 
                         tumbling down the stairs, shrieking an 
                         insane shrill cry. They blackened and 
                         melted into shapeless puddles of slime 
                         that trickled like a little gray stream down 
                         the stairway. . . . 
                     
                     
                         Elak realized what had happened. A 
                         rose-red light was glowing in the air all 
                         about him. The wizard had repaired his 
                         magic globe, and the power of its rays 
                         was destroying the nightmare menace that 
                         had crept up from the deeps. 
                     
                     
                         In a heartbeat it was over. There was 
                         no trace of the horde that had attacked 
                         them. Gray puddles of ooze--no more. 
                         Elak realized that he was cursing softly, 
                         and abruptly changed it to a prayer. 
                         With great earnestness he thanked Ishtar 
                         for his deliverance. 
                     
                     
                         LYCON recovered his sword, and handed 
                         Elak his rapier. "What now?" he 
                         asked. 
                     
                     
                         "We're off! We're taking Coryllis 
                         with us--there's no need to linger here. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         True, we helped the wizard--but we 
                         fought him first. He may remember that. 
                         There's no need to test his gratefulness, 
                         and we'd be fools to do it." 
                     
                     
                         He picked up Coryllis, who had quietly 
                         fainted, and quickly followed Lycon 
                         down the steps. They hurried across the 
                         great room and into the depths of the 
                         corridor beyond. 
                     
                     
                         And five minutes later they were 
                         sprawled at full length under a tree in 
                         one of San-Mu's numerous parks. Elak 
                         had snatched a silken robe from a bal- 
                         cony as he passed beneath, and Coryllis 
                         had draped it about her slim body. The 
                         stars glittered frostily overhead, uncon- 
                         cerned with the fate of Atlantis--stars 
                         that would be shining thousands of years 
                         hence when Atlantis was not even a 
                         memory. 
                     
                     
                         No thought of this came to Elak now. 
                         He wiped his rapier with a tuft of grass, 
                         while Lycon, who had already cleaned 
                         his blade, stood up and, shading his eyes 
                         with his palm, peered across the park. 
                         He muttered something under his breath 
                         and set off at a steady lope. Elak stared 
                         after him. 
                     
                     
                         "Where's he going? There's a--by 
                         Ishtar! He's going in a grog shop. But 
                         he has no money. How--" 
                     
                     
                         A shocked thought came to him, and 
                         he felt hastily in his wallet. Then he 
                         cursed. "The drunken little ape! When 
                         he slashed my bonds, in the wizard's pal- 
                         ace, he stole the purse! I'll--" 
                     
                     
                         Elak sprang to his feet and took a 
                         stride forward. Soft arms gripped his leg. 
                         He looked down. "Eh?" 
                     
                     
                         "Let him go," Coryllis said, smiling. 
                         "He's earned his mead." 
                     
                     
                         "Yes--but what about me? I--" 
                     
                     
                         "Let him go," Coryllis murmured. . . . 
                     
                     
                         And, ever after that, Lycon was to 
                         wonder why Elak never upbraided him 
                         about the stolen purse. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 
                 
                     Fortune's Fools 
                 
                 
                     By  SEABURY QUINN  
                 
                 
                     A thrilling weird story out of the Dark Ages--a tale of wolves who were men and men who were wolves--a story of a Provencal
                        soldier of fortune and a beautiful girl, who indeed were Fortune's fools 
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         1. A Solitary Horseman Rides 
                     
                     
                         COLD as polar ice, thin-strained as 
                         a sophisticated schoolman's logic, 
                         the moonlight flooded down the 
                         smalt blue sky, a spilth of argent lu- 
                         minance that laid a silver plating upon 
                         tree and bough and twig, on rock and 
                         scanty, frost-scarred turf, struck a thou- 
                         sand glittering reflections from the stars 
                         that glinted diamond-bright against the 
                         purple heavens, and picked dazzling high- 
                         lights from the million tiny facets of the 
                         hoarfrost's rime. So bitter cold it was 
                         that whip-sharp crackings sounded from 
                         the frozen tarns where ice twice frozen 
                         ruptured into spider-webs of splayed-out 
                         fissures. The dry, dead leaves that clung 
                         like corpses hanged in chains upon the 
                         oak-trees' branches beat against each 
                         other with a clacking rustle like the brittle 
                         crackle of a crumpled parchment. The 
                         horse's hooves struck on the frozen earth 
                         as on the flints of a paved street. 
                     
                     
                         The horseman hunched his shoulders 
                         forward in the rising wind and dropped 
                         his bridle on the saddle-bow as he beat 
                         his hands together to restore stagnated 
                         circulation. From crown to knee he was 
                         enveloped in an almost shapeless garment 
                         made of sheepskin with the wool turned 
                         in, a sort of loose surtout topped by a 
                         hood which hid his features as a friar's 
                         countenance is hidden by his raised 
                         capoch. His legs were cased in boots of 
                         Spanish leather decorated at the heels 
                         with star-shaped brazen rowels. Behind 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         his left knee swung the metal sheath of a 
                         long sword. His palms struck on each 
                         other sharply; presently their tempo 
                         quickened, beating out the rhythm of a 
                         song: 
                     
                      "Nicolete o le gent cors,  Por vos sui venuz en bos. . ." 
                     
                     
                         His voice rang through the frost-bound 
                         uplands and echoed back among the stark 
                         tree boles: 
                     
                      "Bel compaignet,  Dieus ait Ancassinet . . ." 
                     
                     
                         Like an echo to his final note there 
                         came an answering voice, but not in song. 
                         It was knife-sharp, edged with terror, 
                         shrill, uncontrolled, despairing, the cry 
                         of one who has the terrible foreknowl- 
                         edge of swift doom upon her, yet offers 
                         up a last despairing prayer for help al- 
                         though the possibility of help is hopeless. 
                     
                     
                         Silhouetted like a shadow in a lantern 
                         show against the cold effulgence of the 
                         moonlight, a figure raced across the hill 
                         brow, running with such light swift grace 
                         the horseman could have sworn its feet 
                         scarce spurned the frost-rimed rocks. Yet 
                         even as he watched, he saw the runner 
                         reel and stumble, then dash on again, 
                         but more slowly, with less sure-footed 
                         certainty. The fugitive was tiring rapidly. 
                     
                     
                         Now an eery, long-drawn howl came 
                         quavering through the quiet night, and 
                         across the hilltop swept three furry 
                         shapes, wide-jawed, loose-tongued, eyes 
                         gleaming with a light as green as jeal- 
                         ousy's consuming fire. If the hunted ran 
                     
                 
                 14 
             
             
                 
                 FORTUNE'S FOOLS 15 
                 
                     
                     
                         as though she rode the wind, the hunters 
                         traveled as though borne by lightning, 
                         and every leap they took made shorter 
                         the short gap that stretched between them 
                         and their quarry. No hunting-dogs, these; 
                         no sleuths or boarhounds. The watching 
                         rider knew their cry. He had not hunted 
                         in the forests of the Languedoc for 
                         nothing. 
                     
                     
                         "Lupins, by the Holy Child!" he ex- 
                         claimed softly. "Wolves!" 
                     
                     
                         The hunted woman stumbled to her 
                         knees, then caught herself and raced with 
                         tripping feet along the frost-paved path- 
                         way leading down the mountainside. The 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         horse shied violently as she fell almost 
                         between his forelegs, struggled to her 
                         knees and held her hands up piteously. 
                     
                     
                         "Succor!" she begged between retch- 
                         ing sobs. "Help me, beau sir, or I per- 
                         ish!" Beneath her tippet of bright fur her 
                         bosom heaved tumultuously, her suppli- 
                         cating hands were trembling as with 
                         palsy. He could hear her fighting to re- 
                         gain her breath in hard gasps. 
                     
                     
                         "Dom Dio, mistress, hast brought thy 
                         goods to the right market!" he replied 
                         as he swung a leg across his saddle-bow. 
                     
                     
                         The horse gave a sharp neigh of terror 
                         as the gray pursuers swept down on them, 
                     
                 
                 
                     "Against the blackness of the entranceway the woman showed in aureate silhouette." 
                 
             
             
                 
                 16 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         but the man showed neither fear nor 
                         hesitancy. "And art thou hungered, Sire 
                         Lupus?" he demanded as the foremost 
                         wolf leaped at him. "Taste this. 'Twill 
                         satisfy thy appetite, methinks!" 
                     
                     
                         His sword flashed forward like a streak 
                         of frozen lightning, and the great wolf 
                         fell back with a strangling cry so human 
                         it seemed it could not possibly have come 
                         from lupine throat, then rolled and 
                         thrashed about with impotently clawing 
                         forepaws, as though it choked upon a 
                         bone. But it was no bone that throttled 
                         back its gurgling cries, as the ever-widen- 
                         ing pool of blood about the furry head 
                         attested. 
                     
                     
                         Across the writhing body of their mate 
                         the two remaining wolves leaped like 
                         twin missiles from an arbalest, one from 
                         the right, the other from the left, with 
                         the swordsman as the apex of their tri- 
                         angle. When he closes for the kill the 
                         wolf is silent; but these were not as other 
                         wolves, for as they leapt they gave 
                         tongue, and one of them laughed like a 
                         man and one seemed growling curses in 
                         a guttural tongue, but both bared long 
                         white tusks as cruel and sharp as Paynim 
                         simitars. 
                     
                     
                         THE man dropped back a pace, half 
                         turning in his stride so that his angle 
                         shifted and the wolf upon his right was 
                         nearer than its fellow. The creature 
                         lowered its head as though it had ob- 
                         served the fate its first companion suf- 
                         fered, and was not minded that the 
                         sword's point should be thrust into its 
                         gaping mouth. But if the beast was cun- 
                         ning the swordsman had more skill, for 
                         instead of thrusting with his point he 
                         lowered his blade and swung it upward, 
                         and the sharp steel struck the leaping 
                         monster just behind the point where legs 
                         and body join, so that man's weight and 
                         wolf's leap blent to give more power to 
                         the blow, and fur and hide and belly 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         were ripped open like a muslin sack slit 
                         with a knife, and blood and entrails 
                         gushed out on the frozen ground and sent 
                         a thin white steam up in the moonlight. 
                     
                     
                         Now the final wolf was on him, and its 
                         mouth snapped like the jaws of a sprung 
                         trap as it laid its forepaws on his shoul- 
                         ders and worried at his throat. 
                     
                     
                         "Ha, wouldst thou, by the tresses of 
                         the Sainted Maid?" gasped the man as 
                         he writhed beneath the wolf's great bulk. 
                         The monster fought with human cun- 
                         ning, putting forepaws on his arms to 
                         pinion them to earth, while it tore and 
                         ripped at the fleece hood which wound 
                         his neck in its protective softness. They 
                         wrestled thus an instant; then the man's 
                         hand disappeared in the loose sleeve of 
                         his coat and flashed out quickly with a 
                         short curved knife. The beast's cry height- 
                         ened to a scream of pure anguish as the 
                         knife-blade ripped from groin to brisket, 
                         then sheared a transverse cut across its 
                         belly, so that the figure of the Rood was 
                         carved upon the monster's underside. 
                     
                     
                         "By'r Lady, had thought that I was 
                         finished with the world, madomna," he 
                         said as he kicked the dying wolf aside 
                         and got unsteadily upon his feet. "Myself 
                         have hunted wolves almost since I ex- 
                         changed my swaddling-clothes for breeks, 
                         but never have I met a wolf that fought 
                         like these. I know not if they're more 
                         like wolves that fight like men than men 
                         who fight like wolves." 
                     
                     
                         Of his companion he could see but 
                         little, and that little gave him cause for 
                         wonder. Like his, her face was hidden by 
                         a fur-lined hood, and a tippet of rich fur 
                         hung down her shoulders and joined 
                         across her bosom with a pin of hammered 
                         gold shaped like a coiling serpent. A coat 
                         of wolfskin reached her knees, and from 
                         knee to ankle her slim legs were wrapped 
                         in layer on layer of scarlet cloth. On feet 
                         so small they might have been a child's 
                         she wore a pair of felt-soled shoes bound 
                     
                 
                 W. T.--1 
             
             
                 
                 FORTUNE'S FOOLS 17 
                 
                     
                     
                         to her ankles sandal fashion with long 
                         strips of gilded leather. But whether she 
                         were fair or dark, or young or old, he 
                         could but guess, since her sable hood con- 
                         cealed her features. He only knew her 
                         eyes shone greenly, like a cat's at night, 
                         whenever a stray beam of moonlight 
                         pierced the little cavern of her camail, 
                         and when they rested on him in calm 
                         speculation he felt small ripples of swift 
                         chill run up his neck and through his 
                         scalp--the eery warning feeling he had 
                         known when, walking in the forest, he 
                         had almost trod unwittingly into an ad- 
                         der's den. 
                     
                     
                         In obedience to his whistle his fright- 
                         ened horse came to him and he vaulted 
                         to the saddle. The woman placed her 
                         foot on his and leaped effortlessly to the 
                         steed's back, where she sat behind him 
                         pillionwise, her arms about his middle, 
                         her fur-framed face across his shoulder. 
                         The spicy, bracing tang of mint was on 
                         her breath; from her fur garments came 
                         a subtle, luring scent of mingled myrrh 
                         and sandal that made him think of the 
                         bazars beyond the Bosporus where mer- 
                         chants from Arabia and Cathay brought 
                         stuffs so precious that a single invoice 
                         equaled a king's ransom. 
                     
                     
                         "Meseemeth I arrived in good time 
                         for your purpose, Domna," he remarked 
                         as they clattered past the stiffening bodies 
                         of the wolves and mounted the hard, 
                         winding trail. "What didst thou in the 
                         wilds on such a night?" 
                     
                     
                         "I sought a--flower." 
                     
                     
                         "A flower? Domna Marye! In God's 
                         good name, what sort of flower grows i' 
                         this cruel air? Nor e'en the blanchflors of 
                         the snows could lift its head in such a 
                         biting cold." 
                     
                     
                         "I sought a flower," she insisted. "I 
                         have need of it. Only in the dead of 
                         winter does it bloom, and then by moon- 
                         light only. I strayed beyond the castle 
                         gates to seek the blossom, and Count 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Otto's huntsmen were on quest. But for 
                         you, beau sire, I had been killed." A 
                         purring undertone, sardonically provoca- 
                         tive, cynically seductive, seemed to under- 
                         lie her slowly pronounced words and run 
                         from syllable to syllable. 
                     
                     
                         He pondered her reply. At length: 
                         "What sort of men be these who course 
                         with wolves for dogs, and in the dead of 
                         night?" 
                     
                     
                         "They do not course with wolves, mes- 
                         sire." 
                     
                     
                         "No? Then by the Devil's teeth--" 
                         He broke his query half pronounced, and 
                         instead: 
                     
                     
                         "Whither would you we should go?" 
                         he asked. A vague uneasiness possessed 
                         him, a feeling of malaise that seemed to 
                         blow a warning trumpet in his inward 
                         ear. The woman's arms were wound 
                         about him tightly, and beneath the soft 
                         fur of her surtout he could feel the supple 
                         play of muscles firm and hard as though 
                         they were a youth's. 
                     
                     
                         "There is no shelter but the Wolfberg, 
                         and that, belike, is worse than none for 
                         thee." 
                     
                     
                         "The Wolfberg--Wolves' Hill?" he 
                         replied. This everlasting emphasis on 
                         wolves annoyed him. Wolves coursing in 
                         the moonlight, running women down like 
                         rabbits, attacking travelers in the hills; 
                         the very castle of the local noble named 
                         for them. "Ah pah!" he blew his breath 
                         out gustily. "Sayest thou? Then let us 
                         go there quickly. Myself am nearly frozen 
                         to the bone, and thou must be near per- 
                         ishing. Stray dogs are given bones to 
                         gnaw and place beside the fire in Chris- 
                         tian homes. Surely this Count Otto cannot 
                         offer less to us." 
                     
                     
                         2. Otto von Wolfberg 
                     
                     
                         THE Wolfberg limned its turrets 
                         black against the pallid moonlight. 
                         It crowned the highest peak that pierced 
                         the barren countryside, commanding from 
                     
                 
                 W.T.--2 
             
             
                 
                 18 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         its lookout view of both the highway and 
                         the river, so that no merchant floating 
                         goods to market and no farmer with 
                         wains of provender for man and beast 
                         could pass without the count's permission 
                         and the payment of such boot as he was 
                         pleased to levy. It had no barbican or out- 
                         works, nor any moat or drawbridge, for 
                         the hill fell steeply on three sides so 
                         that nothing without wings might scale 
                         its height, while approach was by a cause- 
                         way barely wide enough for two mailed 
                         men to ride abreast. Who sought to singe 
                         Count Otto's beard must come upon 
                         him two by two and brave a storm of 
                         arrows from the loopholes set above the 
                         gate, then batter down a coulisse made 
                         of timbers thick as a man's girth and 
                         studded with great harrow spikes of 
                         sharpened iron. Around the castle's base 
                         a stain of shadow showed as black as 
                         ink, but through the tunneled entrance- 
                         way a light gleamed feebly, and by it 
                         could be seen a dolphin-headed horn 
                         chained to the post beside the postern. 
                     
                     
                         The rider blew a blast upon the trum- 
                         pet; then, as there came no answer to his 
                         hail, sucked in his breath and sounded 
                         such a call as set the echoes bellowing 
                         among the crags. The tread of iron-shod 
                         feet came clumping down the passageway 
                         in answer to his second hail, a bearded, 
                         unkempt face scowled at him through 
                         the wicket. 
                     
                     
                         "What want'st thou, sirrah?" the porter 
                         growled. "We feed no beggars here. 
                         This is no hospice--" His eye fell on 
                         the woman and a grimace of amusement 
                         spread across his porcine features. "Ha, 
                         Lady Basta, hast been picking florets in 
                         the gentle night?" he queried jocularly. 
                         "These hills be dangerous for rare mor- 
                         sels. Wot ye not--" 
                     
                     
                         "Open up thy gate, thou crop-eared 
                         knave," the rider interrupted, "or by Ve- 
                         ronique herveil, I'll have thee whipped 
                         for incivility. Go tell thy master, an he 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         be not in his cups too deep to understand 
                         the niceties of gentle usage, that a knight 
                         and lady wait without. And mark ye, fel- 
                         low, let him understand that though I 
                         wait, I do not wait with patience." 
                     
                     
                         Surprizingly, the porter broke into a 
                         loud guffaw, but he swung the postern 
                         back and louted low as the horseman and 
                         his saddlemate rode down the entry to the 
                         courtyard. 
                     
                     
                         "Be not afeared," she whispered as they 
                         left the tunnel and halted while a hostler 
                         shambled forward for his bridle. "I 
                         thank thee civilly for thy good service, 
                         and will protect thee if harm comes--" 
                     
                     
                         "Afeared--I?" he laughed as he swung 
                         her to the ground. "Marry, while my 
                         sword hangs at my side I have small fear 
                         of anything--" 
                     
                     
                         "Thy sword may not be always ready 
                         to thy hand," she murmured as a pike- 
                         blade swung a glimmering arc behind 
                         him and he fell face forward to the kid- 
                         ney stones. 
                     
                     
                         OTTO VON WOLFBERG, twelfth owner 
                         of the title and least favored of a 
                         line to all of whom the gift of beauty 
                         was denied, sat in his hall at meat. The 
                         table was ten ells in length and spread 
                         with plate of gold and silver, cream of 
                         the spoil a dozen generations of the wolf's 
                         breed levied on the commerce of the high- 
                         way and the river. Beside him, right and 
                         left, his captains and commanders sat, 
                         an uncouth, loutish lot with unshorn 
                         hair and beards that grew as rankly as 
                         a churl's. All were men of mighty stat- 
                         ure, great-boned, wide-shouldered, barrel- 
                         chested, with hands as huge and red as 
                         fresh-smoked hams. Shock-headed pages 
                         passed the wine and beer horns, and 
                         shoved platters bearing meats before the 
                         company, to every man a joint of beef or 
                         leg of mutton, or a haunch of half-baked 
                         brawn or venison. But there was neither 
                         bread nor green thing on the table, no 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 FORTUNE'S FOOLS 19 
                 
                     
                     
                         cabbages, no sweets, no food that grew 
                         upon the fields or in the forest; only meat, 
                         and that so lightly cooked that it was 
                         almost raw. 
                     
                     
                         At the lower tables were the men at 
                         arms, coarse of body and unkempt as 
                         those who sat above them, and the air 
                         was heavy with the shouting of obsceni- 
                         ties and the bellowing of drunken laugh- 
                         ter. The rushes on the floor had not been 
                         changed for days, and sucked-out marrow- 
                         bones and bits of rotting food lay in them, 
                         festering like offal on a swill heap. 
                     
                     
                         Frowzy slatterns, some thin as witches, 
                         some obscenely fat, some almost tooth- 
                         less, some with more hair on lips and 
                         chin that any stripling in his sixteenth 
                         year could boast, shared the half-cooked 
                         meat and sour beer and matched gross 
                         jest with ribald answer. But no brats ran 
                         squalling round the tables or fought for 
                         marrow-bones or chunks of meat among 
                         the rushes. 
                     
                     
                         Through the stench of putrefying food 
                         and unwashed bodies ran another odor, 
                         a rancid, acrid smell to make the nostrils 
                         quiver and bring tear drops smarting to 
                         the eyes. It was not the odor of the ken- 
                         nel, for there were no dogs to be seen; 
                         yet it was something similar, only stronger, 
                         heavier, and, vaguely, terrifying. 
                     
                     
                         The hubbub was so great that it was 
                         not until the provost guardsmen dragged 
                         their prisoner half-way to the table dais 
                         that Otto noticed them and brought his 
                         fist down on the board with a dish-rat- 
                         tling thump to enjoin silence. Otto of 
                         the Wolves' Hill did not rule by love. 
                         His frown was a sword and his sword 
                         was death. Even the most drunken of the 
                         company faltered into silence as the 
                         count's fist smote the oaken board, and 
                         the guardsmen hauled their captive to the 
                         well before the dais in silence still as mid- 
                         night in a churchyard. 
                     
                     
                         "What have we here?" Count Otto 
                         roared, glowering ogrishly at the captive 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         stranger. "Speak, fellow, and declare thy- 
                         self. Who art thou, and how darest thou 
                         trespass upon our demesne?" 
                     
                     
                         They had stripped him of his sheepskin 
                         surtout while he lay unconscious in the 
                         courtyard, and now he stood in small- 
                         clothes, a soft suede jerkin of light brown 
                         laced high about his neck and topped 
                         with a brass gorget at the throat; snugly 
                         fitting breeches of the same soft leather 
                         cased his legs, tall boots of cordovan were 
                         pulled well up his thighs. He was a 
                         slightly built, small man with fair soft 
                         hair that hung in rippling waves about 
                         his neck and ears and gave him from the 
                         side and back a youthful, almost femi- 
                         nine appearance. But looked at from the 
                         front he showed no trace of femininity, 
                         for his upper lip was adorned with a pair 
                         of fierce mustachios reaching almost past 
                         his cheeks and twisted in the Spanish fash- 
                         ion into horn-like points. Upon his point- 
                         ed chin a tuft of wheat-blond pointed 
                         beard thrust truculently out. His brows, 
                         in contrast to his hair, were vivid black, 
                         and arched so sharply that they gave his 
                         face a rather mocking, questioning ex- 
                         pression. Deep set, his little round blue 
                         eyes might have seemed humorous had it 
                         not been for the curiously cold directness 
                         of their gaze. Bound though he was and 
                         still half fainting from the pike blow 
                         which had rendered him unconscious in 
                         the courtyard, he stood with martially 
                         squared shoulders and gave Count Otto 
                         glare for baleful glare. 
                     
                     
                         "Come, sirrah, speak, or must I twist 
                         an answer from ye wi' the rack?" roared 
                         Otto, rising half-way from his seat. "Who 
                         art thou?" 
                     
                     
                         Cold hatred blazed like frigid light- 
                         ning in the captive's eyes. "I hight Ra- 
                         mon Nazara y de Grandin, gentleman of 
                         Provence and knight of Aragon, and here 
                         before thy varlets, trulls and lick-spittles I 
                         brand thee traitor to thy chivalry, if such 
                         thou ever had, Otto von Wolfberg, and 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 20 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         tell thee to thy ugly face thou art a rogue 
                         and villain!" 
                     
                     
                         In the silence that ensued, the moving 
                         of a foot among the stinking rushes rus- 
                         tled like a gale among the oaks, and the 
                         swiftly indrawn breath of slut and squire 
                         and man at arms was like a wind among 
                         the crags, for never within memory had 
                         any man dared twit ill-favored Otto with 
                         his ugliness. 
                     
                     
                         "Now, by the mass, you mew a right 
                         brave song for such a little cat, my mal- 
                         kin!" Otto's thick lips bared strong 
                         white teeth beneath his unkempt mus- 
                         tache, but there was no trace of smile in 
                         his hard eyes, even though a roar of gusty 
                         laughter swept the hall in applause of his 
                         sally. 
                     
                     
                         "Yea, and the cat hath claws to back 
                         his mew," de Grandin answered as the 
                         laughter quieted. "Do but unloose my 
                         hands and give me back my weapons, and 
                         I'll engage to write his title as a churl on 
                         any of ye; on thee, von Wolfberg, or on 
                         that one-eyed oaf who sits upon thy right, 
                         or on the pox-marked boor upon thy left, 
                         or on yon tangle-headed lout--" 
                         Straight down the table swept his cold, 
                         contemptuous glance, pausing on the cap- 
                         tains and lieutenants one by one, and for 
                         each he had some stinging word of insult 
                         as he challenged him to combat. At last, 
                         when he had called the roll of those at 
                         the high table, he cast a scornful glance 
                         across the men at arms and shouted: "If 
                         any of ye louse-bit underlings dare take 
                         the gage your betters fear to lift, step 
                         forward boldly and declare yourselves." 
                         Only sullen murmurs answered him, and: 
                         "What, lack ye guts to fight?" he mocked. 
                         "Fie on ye for the dastard cravens that 
                         ye be!" 
                     
                     
                         Otto's fang-like teeth flashed in a sav- 
                         age grin. "Had thought to have thy head 
                         struck off, but since thou'rt such a strut- 
                         ting little cockerel thou'lt have a cocker- 
                         el's fate. Conrad Miller's Son"--he 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         turned to the gigantic one-eyed captain 
                         seated at his left--"get thee down and 
                         wring me yonder chicken's neck." 
                     
                     
                         "While I be bound?" de Grandin asked 
                         sarcastically. "Surely such a bulk of bone 
                         and brawn cannot fear of me--or does he 
                         tremble lest I strangle him bare-handed?" 
                     
                     
                         "Unloose him," bade the count, "and 
                         stand between him and the door to catch 
                         him as he flees." 
                     
                     
                         But de Grandin made no move to run. 
                         As his great antagonist advanced he fell 
                         into a stooping crouch and, blue eyes 
                         blazing, circled slowly around until his 
                         back was to the table and his opponent 
                         facing it. 
                     
                     
                         With a bellow Conrad rushed and 
                         aimed a blow with his great fist sufficient 
                         to have felled an ox. But the blow went 
                         wild as the small Provencal dodged nim- 
                         bly and Conrad cannoned on, unable to 
                         regain his balance. As he neared the table 
                         his opponent thrust his foot out, tripping 
                         him so that he fell head foremost up 
                         against the heavy oaken bancal and 
                         sprawled full length, face downward on 
                         the floor, unconscious as a pole-axed beef. 
                     
                     
                         "One!" cried de Grandin. "Hast other 
                         champions to send against me, Otto Wolf- 
                         berg, or wilt thou fight for thine own 
                         honor, if so be thou hast such?" 
                     
                     
                         THE gleeful shouts with which the 
                         rabble had watched Conrad Miller's 
                         Son set on his small antagonist were 
                         hushed, and through the hall there was 
                         no murmur of applause for the small Pro- 
                         vencal's agility. 
                     
                     
                         "A compact, Otto," came the prisoner's 
                         challenge. "Do thou appoint three others 
                         --choose them as thou wilt--and send 
                         them to do battle with me with such 
                         weapons as they may select. I will under- 
                         take to overcast them all. Should they 
                         prevail thou'lt have revenge for this hu- 
                         miliation"--he stirred the still uncon- 
                         scious Conrad with his boot--"and some 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 FORTUNE'S FOOLS 21 
                 
                     
                     
                         small sport as well. If I overcome them, 
                         I go my way in peace. What sayest 
                         thou?" 
                     
                     
                         "The wolf does not make compacts 
                         with the rabbit," Otto Wolfberg snarled. 
                         "Tie him up again, some of you. To the 
                         dungeons wi' him!" 
                     
                     
                         Two men at arms went down, one 
                         gasping with sick anguish as de Grandin's 
                         boot heel caught him in the stomach, an- 
                         other with a bloody mouth where a small 
                         fist had mashed his lips against his teeth, 
                         but the struggle was unequal, and within 
                         a minute they had laid him with his face 
                         against the floor, hands bound behind 
                         him, clothes gaping in a dozen places, but 
                         cursing with such poisonous bitterness 
                         that at last a guardsman stuffed a knot 
                         of rushes in his mouth. Even then his eyes 
                         were venomously bright, and not until 
                         they thrust a pike-staff through his back- 
                         bent elbows were they able to propel him 
                         toward the door, for more than one stout 
                         ruffian felt his boot when they had bound 
                         his hands. 
                     
                     
                         Half-way to the door they halted, as a 
                         tinkle of small cymbals sounded at the 
                         entrance, and all heads craned that way. 
                         Against the blackness of the entranceway 
                         a woman showed in aureate silhouette. 
                         From chin to instep she was sheathed in 
                         gleaming golden tissue, its clinging folds 
                         no more obscuring her long, slender lines 
                         than an apple's skin conceals its shape. 
                         Slim neck and tapering shoulders, high, 
                         outward-pointing breasts, sleek hips, beau- 
                         tifully turned legs, were outlined as in 
                         plastic gold which seemed to flow and 
                         ripple with each supple movement. She 
                         moved with a slow, gliding, effortless 
                         precision, taking short smooth steps which 
                         suggested, somehow, that her ankles had 
                         been fettered with a weightless gyve. Be- 
                         hind her head, like the nimbus of a saint, 
                         she held a tambourine which she fluttered 
                         till its brazen cymbals rang a high, thin, 
                         laughing note. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         De Grandin started as he saw her face. 
                         Veiled and only half guessed at, it had 
                         been mysterious, intriguing; naked it was 
                         utterly inscrutable. Immobile as a carven 
                         ivory mask, it was bone-white, calm, 
                         bland, contemptuous, with upward-slant- 
                         ing eyes, slashed scarlet mouth, brows 
                         black as jet and delicately arched, as 
                         though they had been laid on with a 
                         stick of sharpened charcoal. Her hair was 
                         black as ravens' plumage, but dull as 
                         burnt-out candle-wicks, and seemed to 
                         soak the flambeaux' flickering light up as 
                         black sand might soak up blood, giving 
                         back no answering gleam, no hint of scin- 
                         tillation. Smoothly parted in the middle 
                         it was drawn tight across her ears and 
                         twisted at her skull base in a heavy knot 
                         of dull matte ebony. 
                     
                     
                         Recognition flooded through his brain. 
                         He had journeyed to Byzantium with Ve- 
                         netian merchants, seen the fabled Hippo- 
                         drome and visited the Bucoleon and seen 
                         its great rooms walled with damask and 
                         floored with ivory inlaid with silver. Wo- 
                         men like no others in the world graced the 
                         City of the Caesars, dark-skinned Persians, 
                         ruddy-maned Circassians, Greeks as beau- 
                         tiful as the figures carved upon the cameos 
                         they wore. He had seen the travelers 
                         from Cathay, too, and, riding on their 
                         wiry little ponies, Mongols from the 
                         Gobi, slim, high-shouldered men with 
                         braided hair and drooping, fierce mus- 
                         taches, arrayed in lacquered leather ar- 
                         mor inlaid with bright gold, and in their 
                         wake were women such as this. A woman 
                         of the Tartars! What did she in this den 
                         of less than semi-civilized Almayns? 
                     
                     
                         She passed so close she might have 
                         brushed him with her trailing gown of 
                         golden thread, but though she looked at 
                         him with moss-green eyes there was no 
                         recognition in her glance. For captive 
                         and for captors she seemed to hold a 
                         cold, aloof contempt, as though she were 
                         a princess stepping through a foul street 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 22 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         and they the muck that strewed the pav- 
                         ing-flints. 
                     
                     
                         For a moment she gazed at the Wolf- 
                         berg chief as she stood in the well before 
                         his table. Then, aloofly, icily, as though 
                         she were alone and did it for her own 
                         amusement, she began to dance. 
                     
                     
                         Like a birch tree when the leaves are 
                         new and lacy green and sweet winds blow 
                         through whispering branches, she swayed 
                         and undulated while the tambourine be- 
                         hind her matte black head shrilled softly 
                         in repressed crescendos. Then beat by 
                         plangent beat the music deepened till it 
                         seemed to mimic distant thunder in the 
                         hills and growled a warning of approach- 
                         ing storm. The little cymbals in the 
                         hoop's ring fell together titteringly, softly 
                         . . . softly. The patter of spring raindrops 
                         sounded through the brandies of the 
                         swaying trees. Then the rhythm changed. 
                         The roll of Tartar kettle-drums came 
                         booming from the vellum head, the beat 
                         of unshod hooves upon the frozen earth 
                         . . . the thunder of the Golden Horde's 
                         resistless charge . . . the rumble of war 
                         chariots ... the clash of arms, the lust 
                         of fighting men. The madness that per- 
                         cussion long continued breeds beat in the 
                         brains of every man within the hall, and 
                         hands reached out unconsciously for 
                         swords, or tightened suddenly on dagger- 
                         hilts. 
                     
                     
                         Now she held the tambourine at arm's 
                         length before her, and round its vibrant 
                         rim her fingers raced and fluttered in a 
                         wild, staccato, stuttering tremolo while 
                         her serpent-supple body shivered in a sym- 
                         pathetic ecstasy. Her shoulders shook and 
                         shuddered to the throbbing of the puls- 
                         ing, roaring rhythm of the beaten instru- 
                         ment. She was quivering faster . . . faster 
                         . . . her shoulders jerked and rolled con- 
                         vulsively, twitching back and forth. Not 
                         only shoulders, but entire torso writhed 
                         and shook, she seemed dancing with her 
                         chest, her lungs, her abdomen. She 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         whirled the tambourine high overhead in 
                         her right hand, and its cymbals shrieked 
                         as if in breathless laughter of unholy glee. 
                         With her left hand, long, slim-fingered, 
                         white as ivory tipped with points of coral, 
                         she rent her golden gown from throat to 
                         waist. A narrow strip of pale white body 
                         showed through the wounded garment as 
                         she writhed more violently, as if in mor- 
                         tal agony, and from the riven golden 
                         gown there was a gleam of pointed breast, 
                         ivory white, rose-tipped, peering out an 
                         instant, then disappearing like a fright- 
                         ened pink-nosed kitten. 
                     
                     
                         A deafening roar of approbation 
                         sounded from the feasters, but Otto 
                         Wolfberg gave no sign. He was gazing 
                         at her, glassy-eyed, his mouth half open, 
                         his face as blank as that of any drunkard 
                         in his final cups. Saliva trickled from the 
                         corners of his lips, his barrel chest was 
                         heaving with quick, labored breathing, 
                         like the respiration of a runner nearly 
                         spent, or the retching of a swimmer who 
                         has almost ceased to battle with an over- 
                         whelming current. 
                     
                     
                         Suddenly her maddened swaying 
                         ceased. Stock-still she stopped, cutting 
                         off the frenzied motion as if she had been 
                         turned to stone. Then gold-sheathed arms 
                         shot right and-left out from her rigid 
                         body, and with a jerking quiver she threw 
                         her shoulders back, and her young, firm 
                         breasts burst from the chrysalis of her 
                         torn gown, bright as ivory against gold, 
                         beautiful almost beyond imagining. An 
                         instant she posed thus, then with a mad 
                         crash dashed her hand straight through 
                         the tambourine and flung the ruined in- 
                         strument upon the table before Otto 
                         Wolfberg. 
                     
                     
                         The roar that greeted the finale of her 
                         dance was like the bellow of a mountain 
                         torrent when the ice jam breaks in spring, 
                         but she paid it no attention. Calm, aloof, 
                         composed, oblivious, she turned and 
                         glided from the room with that short, 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 FORTUNE'S FOOLS 23 
                 
                     
                     
                         flowing step which somehow seemed sug- 
                         gestive of bound ankles, and like the 
                         shadow of a shifting shadow, or the fig- 
                         ment of a half-remembered dream at 
                         waking, she was gone. 
                     
                     
                         3. Seen from a Dungeon Window 
                     
                     
                         THEY took de Grandin to a cell that 
                         looked through iron-latticed win- 
                         dows to the base court, but before they 
                         fastened shackles on his wrists they 
                         stripped him to his shirt and hose and 
                         left him cursing like a hissing serpent in 
                         the almost zero cold of the stone-floored, 
                         stone-walled, stone-ceiled room. The 
                         algid floor tiles chilled him to the bone 
                         each time he stepped, and in a little time 
                         the iron loops about his wrists turned 
                         almost white with frost and burned his 
                         flesh like fire. His skin began to itch and 
                         prickle as goose-flesh formed upon it, and 
                         his teeth were chattering like the beating 
                         of a drum at muster roll as he felt his 
                         way across the almost pitch-black dun- 
                         geon. Presently his foot struck rotting 
                         straw, and he dropped upon the stinking 
                         heap and pulled its filth-encrusted shreds 
                         about him as if he were a dog that sought 
                         cold comfort in its heatless kennel. The 
                         night dragged by on leaden feet. Some- 
                         where in the castle was a horologue that 
                         beat the hours out upon a brazen gong, 
                         and the intervals between its bellings 
                         seemed as long as years with endless days. 
                         But in spite of chill and wrath and in- 
                         jured pride he fell asleep at last, and cold 
                         gray daylight fingered at his cell bars 
                         when he woke to hear the castle tocsin 
                         beating out a dirge. Shivering, he got 
                         upon his feet and looked out into the 
                         courtyard. 
                     
                     
                         A little cavalcade of men at arms was 
                         entering the gate, and six of them bore 
                         litters formed of pike-staves crossed with 
                         boughs of evergreen. On the litters lay 
                         three corpses, stark, stone-stiff and naked, 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         and as the funeral procession passed his 
                         window he could see the wounds upon 
                         them. One showed a sword mark on the 
                         throat, a little wound that pierced the 
                         skin close by the neck base, and round 
                         it was a frozen necklace of bright blood. 
                         Blood smeared the corpse's lips and beard, 
                         too, and told a tale that any leech or 
                         veteran of the battlefield could read as 
                         plainly as a priest could read a hornbook. 
                         The sword that killed the man had en- 
                         tered through his mouth and struck down 
                         through his neck. 
                     
                     
                         The body on the second hurdle bore a 
                         cut almost an ell in length, beginning at 
                         the level of the arms and running down 
                         until it struck the navel. 
                     
                     
                         The final litter bore a corpse on which 
                         the Midas hand of winter had laid fingers 
                         in the instant of death agony, freezing 
                         into immobility the writhing limbs and 
                         tortured features, holding in stone-hard 
                         embrace the twisted arms and drawn-up 
                         legs, the hands that pressed with impotent 
                         futility against the knife-hewn abdomen 
                         from which the frost-glazed entrails 
                         gushed, tracing with a transverse line the 
                         vertical and horizontal cuts made by a 
                         knife-blade on the thorax and abdomen. 
                     
                     
                         "Dom Dio!" gasped de Grandin as he 
                         looked. "The wounds upon those human 
                         bodies are such as I inflicted on the beasts 
                         that beset Domna Basta yesternight! 
                         Sancta Dei genitrix--it cannot be! And 
                         yet--" He dropped down to the straw 
                         again and scratched a heap of stubble 
                         over him. The misery of cold was sharper 
                         than his curiosity. 
                     
                     
                         NO FOOD was thrown into his dun- 
                         geon, and by nightfall the torment 
                         of hunger had been added to the scourge 
                         of freezing. Miserably he huddled in the 
                         straw heap, almost too weak to move, so 
                         cold that he could hardly feel the pangs 
                         of gnawing famishment. But he leaped 
                         up from his bed as the sound of wailing 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 24 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         voices came to him across the base court. 
                         Through the window of his dungeon he 
                         beheld a little knot of miserable creatures 
                         herded by a company of men at arms. 
                         Like him, they had been stripped down 
                         to their shirts, and as their naked feet 
                         trod frost-bit paving-stones they winced 
                         and skipped and hopped about in dread- 
                         ful parody of dancing. Their jailers 
                         roared with laughter and prodded them 
                         with pike-butts as they drove them to the 
                         center of the court. One of the captives, 
                         an aged man with thin gray beard and 
                         scanty locks, fell to his knees, and though 
                         the burning of the icy stones wrung 
                         groans from him, he raised his hands in 
                         prayer: 
                     
                      "Mater purissima, speculum justitiae,  Mater castissima, mater inviolata . . ." 
                     
                     
                         he besought, and: "Ora pro nobis!" cho- 
                         rused all the others in an agony of hope- 
                         lessness and woe. 
                     
                     
                         Now the men at arms were on them, 
                         beating, shoving, kicking. They flogged 
                         the aged man up from his knees and 
                         drove him toward the castle gateway, 
                         herding his companions after him. Then 
                         at a signal they wheeled round and ran, 
                         dodging through a doorway, making fast 
                         the portal after them. 
                     
                     
                         Like echoes from the banging door 
                         there came a chorus of deep growlings 
                         and wild howls, and from another door a 
                         pack of wolves came rushing out into the 
                         court. Gaunt, gray, green-eyed, with 
                         gleaming tusks and lolling tongues, they 
                         dashed across the frosted stones, their 
                         long nails clicking on the flints. 
                     
                     
                         A thousand feet or less they had to 
                         run to be upon the shivering, almost 
                         naked wretches by the gateway, and as 
                         they raced across the court they passed so 
                         close beside de Grandin's window he 
                         could hear their panting breath . . . pant- 
                         ing and something more! He could have 
                         sworn he heard one wolf growl to its 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         fellow: "Poor sport tonight. They will 
                         not travel far." 
                     
                     
                         The harried prisoners ran with panic- 
                         stimulated feet out in the desert of the 
                         frost-bound mountains and untimbered 
                         rocks, and after them the wolf pack 
                         scurried with yelps and howls of savage 
                         exultation. 
                     
                     
                         "Mo' Dio," through chattering teeth 
                         de Grandin swore, "men coursed with 
                         wolves, herded into dungeons like rab- 
                         bits in a warren, that they may be the 
                         quarry of four-footed beasts!" 
                     
                     
                         He shook the dungeon bars in fury. 
                         "Hear me, ye saints of Paradise, grant I 
                         may work justice on these monsters, and 
                         I will plant your altars thick with candles 
                         long as my sword-blade. Aye, for every 
                         one I slay, a brace of candles sword-blade 
                         long! Attend me, Holy Ones--a pair of 
                         candles for each one I slay, tall candles 
                         of smooth wax as fair and straight as 
                         Easter lilies, candles which shall burn so 
                         brightly that a half-blind priest may see 
                         to read his office by their glow! You can- 
                         not refuse such an offer, but act quickly, 
                         Sacred Ones, or I may die before I have 
                         a chance to keep my vow!" 
                     
                     
                         As with most Provenals, mingled Al- 
                         mayn and Moorish blood ran in his veins, 
                         strengthening and spicing the main strain 
                         of Languedoc, and like most Provenals 
                         and Gascons he had learned much from 
                         the Moslems. At bottom he believed in 
                         good and evil, and in very little else, but 
                         this never kept him from communing 
                         with the saints in almost jovial comradery, 
                         addressing them with all the blunt direct- 
                         ness that he used to fellow soldiers, mak- 
                         ing out-and-out commercial compacts with 
                         them or, at times when things were more 
                         than usually desperate, laying them a 
                         wager of his life against their sanctity. 
                         More than once he was assailed by doubts 
                         concerning saints' existence, but this did 
                         not prevent his praying to them on occa- 
                         sion. The blessed saints were patient lis- 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 FORTUNE'S FOOLS 25 
                 
                     
                     
                         teners and did not force unwelcome coun- 
                         sel on him. So now he prayed with all 
                         the fervor of an orthodox believer, ex- 
                         patiating on the beauty of the candles he 
                         would give as if he were a prentice hawk- 
                         ing wares behind a fair booth and they 
                         indifferent or unwilling customers. 
                     
                     
                         Perhaps it was his fervid salesmanship, 
                         perhaps the sainted host took pity on his 
                         misery; at any rate, while he was still en- 
                         gaged in invocation, a rattle sounded at 
                         the dungeon door. 
                     
                     
                         4. Two in a Tower 
                     
                     
                         "BEAU sire-- Messire de Grandin!" 
                         came a guarded whisper from the 
                         wicket. 
                     
                     
                         "Aye?" he returned, alert. "Who 
                         calls?" 
                     
                     
                         "'Tis I, Basta, messire. Come quickly, 
                         while the chance remains." There was a 
                         snap and squeaking from the unoiled lock 
                         and hinges, and the heavy oaken door 
                         swung back. Slim hands were on his 
                         hands, slim fingers fluttered at the gyves 
                         upon his wrists, a key was thrust into 
                         their locks and in a moment he was free. 
                         "Quick, but be silent," she admonished, 
                         and he felt a cloak draped round his 
                         shoulders and a hand grasped his to lead 
                         him toward the door. 
                     
                     
                         Like a blind man following his guide 
                         he crept along the inky passage, mounted 
                         stairs as dark as Erebus, sneaked through 
                         half-lit corridors, then climbed a final 
                         flight of winding stairs which seemed to 
                         lead up to the Mountains of the Moon, 
                         so endless was their spiral. At last his 
                         leader paused before a door and fingered 
                         at some secret mechanism, then stood 
                         aside to let him pass. 
                     
                     
                         The blazing brightness of the candle- 
                         light confounded him at first, but as his 
                         eyes adjusted themselves to the glare he 
                         saw they stood in a small circular com- 
                         partment hung with tapestry and carpeted 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         with bearskins. Two chairs of carven 
                         wood stood by the walls, and on one of 
                         them was flung a fur-lined robe of heavy 
                         woolen stuff, with a pair of monkish 
                         sandals underneath. But most important 
                         was the object in the center of the room, 
                         a wine cask sawn in half and almost filled 
                         with steaming water. Beside it was a lit= 
                         tle dish of almond meal, a hyssop of 
                         sweet fern leaves and a pile of linen 
                         towels. 
                     
                     
                         "'Twill thaw the dungeon's chill 
                         away," she told him as she nodded to- 
                         ward the tub. "When thou hast bathed 
                         I have that which will break thy fast 
                         above. I wait thee there." 
                     
                     
                         As on the night he met her, her fea- 
                         tures were obscured by a drawn hood, and 
                         her body was enveloped in a loose gown 
                         of brown stuff, shaped like a friar's habit. 
                         As she stepped he saw her feet were cased 
                         in velvet shoes that made her tread as 
                         silent as a cat's. "Gramercy, domna mia 
                         he returned. "'Tis like heaven after pur- 
                         gatory to be thus entreated. Methinks 
                         that I shall sleep more peacefully tonight 
                         than last." 
                     
                     
                         Her green eyes gleamed sardonically 
                         from the shadow of her cowl as she 
                         turned to mount the flight of narrow 
                         winding steps that led up from the cham- 
                         ber. 
                     
                     
                         De Grandin wallowed in the steaming 
                         water to his heart's content, lathering 
                         himself with suds of almond meal and 
                         scrubbing vigorously with the fern leaves. 
                         By the time he dried himself upon the 
                         towels of coarse linen he was in a glow, 
                         and despite the need for caution he began 
                         to hum a snatch of song: 
                     
                      "Isot ma drue, Isot ma mie!  En vous ma mort, en vous ma vie!" 
                     
                     
                         Like a summer breeze that stirs the 
                         greenwood in the long still days when 
                         lovers wander with joined hands beneath 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 26 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         the verdant bowers came the couplet cap- 
                         ping his: 
                     
                      "Belle amie, ainsi va de nous,  Ni vous sans moi, ni moi sans vous!" 
                     
                     
                         "L'enfer, you know it too?" Eyes 
                         shining writh delight, a boyish laugh upon 
                         his lips, de Grandin threw the fur-lined 
                         robe around him, thrust his feet into the 
                         sandal straps and bounded up the stairs. 
                         He shoved the brocade curtain at the 
                         doorway back and leaped across the 
                         threshold, then stopped as suddenly as if 
                         he had encountered a stone wall. "Domna 
                         Marye!" he exclaimed, and let the breath 
                         out slowly through his teeth. 
                     
                     
                         The room in which he stood was cir- 
                         cular, conforming to the rondure of the 
                         tower, and not of any great size. Its walls 
                         were without windows, or even loopholes, 
                         and covered with a yellow brocade, gold- 
                         embroidered. The floor was spread with 
                         deerskin of a light fawn shade, and in 
                         the center stood a wide low couch on 
                         which a coverlet of baby wolfskins, al- 
                         most silver-gray in hue, was laid. A 
                         candle of sweet-scented wax emitted a soft 
                         light, caught and reflected in a ceiling 
                         mirror of Venetian glass. Beside the bed 
                         was a small table with a top of tight- 
                         stretched pigskin which bore a silver plat- 
                         ter heaped with food--a bowl of steam- 
                         ing mortrew, a salmon pasty, cubes of 
                         game soused in the juice of muscatels 
                         and ginger, cakes soaked in liqueurs and 
                         glass goblets of sweet wines from Cypress, 
                         Sicily and Hungary. Throughout the 
                         place there hung a curious, clinging, eva- 
                         nescent odor which seemed to come and 
                         go like zephyrs through an open window, 
                         and which mounted to his head like 
                         strong, spiced Grecian wine. But all of 
                         this was only the jewel casket, the setting 
                         for the gem on which his eyes were fixed. 
                     
                     
                         The Lady Basta had put off her loosely 
                         draping cloak and velvet shoon, now she 
                         was cased in a slim gown of bright ver- 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         milion that sheathed her slender body as 
                         a scabbard sheaths a sword. Her little 
                         feet were bare and white as lily petals, 
                         their tiny nails as pink as rose leaves. So 
                         must have looked the feet of Lady Enid 
                         as she paced beside Sir Geraint when he 
                         rode forth to do battle for the three- 
                         pronged lance hight Sparrow Hawk. If 
                         she had been bewitching wrapped in 
                         folds of clinging gold, she was utterly 
                         exquisite in her clinging gown of Tartar 
                         red with the ivory of her changeless face 
                         above, the snow-white of her tiny feet 
                         beneath. 
                     
                     
                         De Grandin's pagan soul that wor- 
                         shipped beauty for its own sweet sake 
                         wherever found was thrilled down to the 
                         bases of its being. He felt himself go 
                         weak with longing so intense it was akin 
                         to breathless adoration as she raised her- 
                         self into a sitting posture with her arms 
                         behind her, hands resting on the wolf- 
                         skin coverlet. 
                     
                     
                         Smooth, white, impassive as a mask, 
                         her face seemed strangely alien to the 
                         slim-lined, red-sheathed body set beneath 
                         it. The smile upon her vivid scarlet lips 
                         was delicately aloof, ironical. She knew 
                         her charm, this passionlessly-passionate 
                         seductress; her irresistible allure for men 
                         was like an instrument she played on with 
                         a sure, skilled touch, and yet she was con- 
                         temptuous of it. Her oblique, moss- 
                         green eyes were like a cat's, their pupils 
                         black, enormous, almost empty of expres- 
                         sion. Her teeth were very small and very 
                         white and even--very sharp, too, thought 
                         de Grandin as her red lips parted slightly 
                         and she smiled at him, half closed her 
                         eyes and threw her head back gently. 
                     
                     
                         She drew her child-small pink-nailed 
                         feet up from the deerskin rug, swung 
                         them upon the bed, and with a lithe con- 
                         tortion got up to her knees. He watched 
                         the play of muscles under her close-fitting 
                         robe. They rippled like a wrestler's, like 
                         the finely drawn, strong sinews of a prac- 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 FORTUNE'S FOOLS 27 
                 
                     
                     
                         tised acrobat. Seductive she might be, 
                         alluring as a houri out of Mahound's 
                         Paradise, but alien characteristics marked 
                         her; she was Atalanta, champion of the 
                         race, and Trojan Helen in one form, a 
                         combination of the chaste Diana and the 
                         wanton Venus in a single body. 
                     
                     
                         "Thou must e'en be famished after thy 
                         long fast, messire," she murmured in her 
                         oddly purring voice. "Take, eat; those 
                         viands are not such as they serve in Otto's 
                         banquet hall." With a gesture of her 
                         pink-tipped hand she indicated the small 
                         table by the wall. 
                     
                     
                         DE GRANDIN fell to with a will. 
                         Beauty was a thing to fall down be- 
                         fore and worship, certainly, but an empty- 
                         bellied worshipper was languid in his 
                         reverence, and he had not tasted food for 
                         thirty hours. He downed a goblet of red 
                         Cyprian wine and a glass of golden wine 
                         from Sicily to keep it company, wiped 
                         his lips upon a wisp of damask and 
                         helped himself prodigiously to salmon 
                         pasty. 
                     
                     
                         Feet tucked demurely under her, hands 
                         demurely folded in her lap, the Lady 
                         Basta watched him as he ate. "Dost know 
                         the character of thine hosts here?" she 
                         asked. 
                     
                     
                         "Aye," he cleared his mouth of salmon 
                         with a draft of Magyar wine, "methinks 
                         I do, madomna. I have traveled far 
                         afield and over the seas, but never have I 
                         seen such monsters in the flesh. Yet me- 
                         seems I recognize them from the tales 
                         I've heard. Are they not of that cursed 
                         company of those not yet made fast in 
                         hell who slough off human shape at will 
                         and run wild-questing through the night 
                         in lupine form to kill and eat those so 
                         unfortunate as to cross their paths? Are 
                         they not members of that crew who dance 
                         on Christmas Eve, deriding the nativity 
                         of Christ, and sell their sinful souls to 
                         gain the power to change their shape 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         to fit their bestial nature? Are they 
                         not--" 
                     
                     
                         "Yea, they are lobis-homem, known in 
                         this land as whrwolf. 'Tis said the first 
                         von Wolfberg bribed a sorcerer to give 
                         him power to take on wolfish shape, for 
                         so savage was he that he needs must have 
                         the beast his form as well as his base 
                         nature. However that may be I do not 
                         know, but this I know full well: Count 
                         Otto and his company are gifted one and 
                         all with this dread power. In all this 
                         place we two alone cannot shift shape at 
                         will." 
                     
                     
                         "And those poor wights I saw them 
                         harry from the base court--" 
                     
                     
                         "Were cattle for the slaughter. Their 
                         craving and blood-lust runs at spate tide 
                         at the full moon, and they scour the coun- 
                         tryside between times, bringing in such 
                         folk as they can capture and housing them 
                         within the donjon till the time appointed. 
                         Then they turn them loose and course 
                         them, as it were a rabbit drive or deer 
                         hunt. A few are liberated every night, 
                         and the count and his retainers take turns 
                         following and slaying them. The night 
                         you found me on the mountainside a pack 
                         of them took wind of me and left their 
                         kill to follow in my tracks. Had not you 
                         met me when you did I had been food 
                         for them long since." 
                     
                     
                         "You told me then you sought a flower 
                         in the moonlight. Surely you did jest?" 
                     
                     
                         Her red lips writhed back in a sound- 
                         less snarl, displaying small white teeth. 
                         "I jested not, messire, believe me. I 
                         sought a flower which should give me 
                         power to work my vengeance on these 
                         monsters. They took my scent ere I came 
                         on it, but haply I shall find it yet." Plain- 
                         ly, she did not wish to talk about her 
                         moonlight quest. 
                     
                     
                         He thrust a morsel of stewed lamprey 
                         in his mouth and washed it down with 
                         wine. "How art thou truly clepd?" he 
                         asked. "Have heard them call thee Basta, 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 28 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         but whether that be surname or fore- 
                         name--" 
                     
                     
                         Her smile became less mocking and 
                         more bitter. "I hight Basta, nothing 
                         more." 
                     
                     
                         "Naught else? How meanest thou--" 
                     
                     
                         "I was born a slave. Like animals, 
                         slaves have no names save those their 
                         owners choose to give them. My mother 
                         was one of a thousand Tartar women 
                         sent by Tama Khan to Byzantium as an 
                         offering of good will to the Emperor Ro- 
                         manus. My father--perhaps he was a 
                         noble of the Emperor's suite, perhaps a 
                         guardsman or a muleteer. Who troubles 
                         to record the bedmates of a slave-girl, or 
                         a slave's paternity? 
                     
                     
                         "At nine years I was sold to a bear- 
                         keeper in the circus. For the next three 
                         years I studied music, dancing and con- 
                         tortionism. I was a dancer in the Hippo- 
                         drome at twelve. At thirteen I was given 
                         to a leader of the Greens, and taken by 
                         him to Ravenna when he went upon an 
                         embassy. Eyah! He lost horse and hound 
                         and hawk--and me--to a Borussian at 
                         the gaming-table, and my newest master 
                         carried me with other winnings to Co- 
                         logne when we passed Count Otto's castle 
                         on the river." 
                     
                     
                         She paused and shuddered slightly, as 
                         with sudden cold; then: "It was fortu- 
                         nate for me that I am beautiful. There 
                         were thirty members in my master's com- 
                         pany. Ten were killed in trying to beat 
                         off Count Otto's men; the rest, including 
                         him who owned me, were pent up in the 
                         dungeons till the wolves desired sport 
                         and blood." She cupped her empty palms 
                         before her: "All are gone." 
                     
                     
                         He dipped his fingers in a golden fin- 
                         gerbowl and dried them daintily on a 
                         damask napkin, for he had been most 
                         gently reared at the court of Ramon of 
                         Toulouse. 
                     
                     
                         "And thou?" she asked. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "Trnseat!" He laughed, but not with 
                         mirth. "We be a well-assorted pair, we 
                         two. A slave-maid and a landless fugi- 
                         tive! My country is the Languedoc, the 
                         blessed land of Provence. It was a pleas- 
                         ant place, with smiling fields and bowered 
                         orchards and the warm sun overhead. 
                         Men lived happy and contented there. 
                         The husbandman worked in his fields and 
                         vineyards, in the halls the troubadours 
                         composed and sang gay songs, or gath- 
                         ered in the courts of love around the fair- 
                         est of their ladies. 
                     
                     
                         "Then came the wars--the Holy Wars 
                         --God save the Mark! Simon de Mont- 
                         fort and his butchers swept across the 
                         pleasant land as they had been a bloody 
                         plague. We fought them off, we Pro- 
                         venals, and Pedro, the good King of 
                         Aragon, rode in the field beside us with 
                         his chivalry, but we might as well have 
                         tried to beat the rising tide back with our 
                         swords. Our foemen showed no mercy. 
                         Captured knights were crucified on their 
                         own olive trees, or dragged to death at 
                         horses' tails. Seven thousand helpless 
                         babes and women suffered massacre when 
                         de Montfort stormed the town of Bezi- 
                         res, and beneath their flailing swords and 
                         pounding hooves the music of our trouba- 
                         dours and the chanting of our poets has 
                         been stilled for ever. Our fields are sown 
                         with corpses and our orchard trees are 
                         turned to gallows. All who remain alive 
                         are in one class or other, those who have 
                         yielded lands and goods and conscience 
                         to de Montfort, or those who fled with 
                         nothing but their lives. I was pushing 
                         toward the Polish kingdom with sword 
                         and services for sale when I met thee 
                         upon the mountainside. We be Fortune's 
                         fools, we two." 
                     
                     
                         "Perhaps thy troubles near an end. 
                         Come, sit beside me," she commanded. 
                         "I'll rede the riddle of thy future, an it 
                         please thee." 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 FORTUNE'S FOOLS 29 
                 
                     
                     
                         HE DROPPED beside her on the fur- 
                         draped bed and gave a sigh of sat- 
                         isfaction. Bathed, warmed, fed to reple- 
                         tion, with the embers of the fire of 
                         southern wines aglow in his blood, he 
                         stretched in animal content as he kicked 
                         his sandals off. "Canst truly foretell 
                         things to come?" he asked. 
                     
                     
                         "For others, yes, but not for my own 
                         self. Mine eyes are holden there." She 
                         took a little phial of red glass from a 
                         small cabinet and poured its contents in 
                         her cupped palm. It was thick as soured 
                         cream and black as ink. She gazed into 
                         the little sable pool a moment, and he 
                         saw her eyes grow fixed and glazed, with 
                         opal lights in their green depths. Her 
                         lips were moving soundlessly, like those 
                         of one who kneels in silent prayer before 
                         an altar. At last she spoke in a hushed 
                         voice, soft and murmurous as water flow- 
                         ing in a covered runnel. 
                     
                     
                         "I see thee well beloved and at ease 
                         in thine own castle, and round thee cluster 
                         sons and daughters to do thee honor in 
                         thy age. A woman sits at thy right hand, 
                         but I cannot see her face, mayhap be- 
                         cause I strive so desperately to see it. But 
                         I see thy generations marching down the 
                         corridors of time, and some of them 
                         strive valiantly on land and sea with 
                         those who raise the banner of oppression, 
                         and some there are who wrestle manfully 
                         with ghostly foes. Thy progeny shall 
                         overcome the forces of the phantom 
                         world. It is a birth-gift. Ghouls, ghosts 
                         and warlocks, vile witches and the mighty 
                         company who traffic in hell's commerce 
                         shall not prevail against them. In lands 
                         as yet unknown thy name and blood shall 
                         spread confusion in the hosts of evil." 
                     
                     
                         She drew her gaze from the black pool 
                         as though it were a pain to look in it, 
                         but a greater pain to look away. "That 
                         woman whose veiled face I cannot see, 
                         thy consort and the mother of thy chil- 
                         dren, I--wish--her--joy!" 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Her panted words trailed slowly into 
                         silence, and he looked at her amazed. It 
                         had not seemed to him that she was ca- 
                         pable of emotion--except, perhaps, to 
                         hate--yet now her eyes were like twin 
                         pools of melted glass, their moss-green 
                         depths suffused with tears. 
                     
                     
                         He roused upon an elbow. "Marry, 
                         but thou read'st a brave tale of the bye 
                         and bye," he whispered. "What sayest 
                         thou of the here and now?" 
                     
                     
                         She gave a laugh, the first that he had 
                         heard her utter--low and rippling-sweet, 
                         but with a bitter undertone of tears--as 
                         she pressed her forefingers against her 
                         lips, then joined them tip to tip and laid 
                         them on his brow. "A kiss for thee, beau 
                         sire, until the morrow," she replied as she 
                         slipped down from the bed and slid pale 
                         feet into her velvet shoes. 
                     
                     
                         "Nay, Basta, loveliest of women, hear 
                         me," he besought, but she draped the 
                         monkish cloak about her and drew its 
                         cowl up so it hid her face. 
                     
                     
                         "Must e'en now hie me back or have 
                         them come in search of me," she whis- 
                         pered. "Rest thee well, Ramon de Gran- 
                         din. Thou'lt need refreshment 'gainst the 
                         morrow's work." 
                     
                     
                         5. Two Ride Forth Together 
                     
                     
                         THE gentle shaking troubled him. He 
                         was snugly comfortable beneath the 
                         wolfskin coverlet, and he had not known 
                         snug comfort in a long time. Also, his 
                         dreams had been most pleasant: of the 
                         gay court at Toulouse, of song contests 
                         and knightly jousts and tournaments and 
                         fair women with pale hands; and through, 
                         them all, mingling with the happy visions 
                         of the times long lost, there ran the 
                         figure of a lissome damozel with night- 
                         black hair and moss-green eyes that 
                         brightened sometimes with the flashing 
                         fire of opals. "Begone, avaunt, aroint 
                         thee!" he complained, snuggling down 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 30 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         more deeply in the soft fur robes. But 
                         the shaking was repeated and, awake at 
                         last, and angry, he sat up in the corded 
                         bed. 
                     
                     
                         "Let be!" he ordered curtly. "May not 
                         a man sleep peacefully--ha, is't thou, 
                         ma bella?" He broke his petulant com- 
                         plaint abruptly as Basta's face showed in 
                         the semi-darkness of the candlelight. 
                         "I crave thy pardon for such churlish 
                         words--" 
                     
                     
                         "There is no time for courtesy, mes- 
                         sire," she interrupted in a whisper. 
                         "Arise and do thy harness on. We must 
                         away right quickly!" She dropped his 
                         clothing on the bed and laid a sword and 
                         dagger and a set of body armor by it. 
                         "The moon e'en now is fading in the 
                         sky and dawn is not far off. Count Otto 
                         and his men-wolves will return anon, and 
                         it were well we put as many miles of 
                         road as possible twixt them and us ere 
                         they discover our departure." 
                     
                     
                         He caught her hand and kissed it as 
                         he saw his good Toledo blade once more 
                         within his reach. "By all the saints, hast 
                         given me new courage, domna mia," he 
                         declared as he hastened to attire himself. 
                         "Is the castle then deserted while Otto 
                         quests his prey?" 
                     
                     
                         "Nay, the entranceway is guarded, but 
                         by a handful only," she told him as they 
                         crept down the winding stair. "Some lie 
                         in swinish drunkenness, most range the 
                         hills with Otto, a few keep ward. It 
                         is for us to force our way through 
                         them. . . ." 
                     
                     
                         He loosed his long sword in its sheath 
                         as they stepped warily into the base court 
                         and tiptoed toward the stable. 
                     
                     
                         Basta had donned a page boy's livery 
                         and tucked her long hair in a velvet cap. 
                         High boots encased her slim straight legs 
                         and a sword hung by her side. Across 
                         her shoulder drafed a pair of saddle- 
                         bags and in her hand she held a flint and 
                         tinder box. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Swiftly they clapped saddles on two 
                         horses, his own and a Wallachian cog, 
                         short-legged and heavy-set, but an easy 
                         steed for woman's riding. "Await me 
                         here a moment," she directed as he led 
                         the horses from the stable. There was a 
                         click of steel on flint, and looking through 
                         the stable door he saw the fire-glow on her 
                         features as she blew the tinder into life. 
                         Then she stooped quickly, and in a mo- 
                         ment came the curl of smoke and a soft 
                         crackling, as of eggshells trodden under- 
                         foot, that told him she had set the heaped- 
                         up stable straw afire. 
                     
                     
                         They tarried till the ruddy orange red 
                         of leaping flames began to paint the gray 
                         stone with bright hues, then vaulted to 
                         the saddle and with a mighty shout 
                         of "Fire!" charged clattering across the 
                         courtyard. 
                     
                     
                         The provost's men on guard about the 
                         gate rushed forward to dispute their pas- 
                         sage, but the billowing clouds of smoke 
                         that burst and tumbled from the stable 
                         door made them loom dim and indistinct 
                         as phantoms in a fog, and the roar and 
                         crack of quickly mounting flames made 
                         the confusion greater. A warder aimed 
                         a pike thrust at de Grandin; he swept the 
                         partizan aside and thrust out savagely. The 
                         fellow fell back with a scream as steel 
                         crashed through his lips and teeth and 
                         tongue. An arbalest bolt came whining 
                         past them and struck the vault above their 
                         heads, and as another pikeman hurried 
                         up he trod upon the quarrel and went 
                         stumbling as it turned beneath his foot. 
                         Basta leant across her saddle-bow and 
                         thrust her sword into the sprawling var- 
                         let's spine, and de Grandin clove another 
                         to the eyes as their horses reached the 
                         outer gate. 
                     
                     
                         No time to fold the great gate's leaves 
                         back. They thrust the postern's bar aside 
                         and, bending low upon their horses' 
                         necks, rode through the narrow opening. 
                         Then while he held the watchmen back 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 FORTUNE'S FOOLS 31 
                 
                     
                     
                         with darting point and flailing edge his 
                         partner in escape hacked at the hawsers 
                         which upheld the coulisse. The spike- 
                         toothed grating crashed behind them with 
                         a mighty bang as they fled down the 
                         causeway leading from the castle, and de 
                         Grandin turned and shook his fist back 
                         at the gloomy pile. "Trapped by Veri- 
                         god!" he shouted. "The wolves are in 
                         the deadfall!" A shower of crossbow 
                         quarrels answered him, but all fell short, 
                         and he rocked with laughter as they rode 
                         away. With the portcullis down, its haws- 
                         ers cut, the men within the castle were 
                         securely prisoned. They must run howl- 
                         ing through their burning pen until the 
                         flames consumed them, as surely doomed 
                         to death by fire as if found guilty in the 
                         bishop's court and sentenced to be burnt 
                         for heresy and witchcraft. 
                     
                     
                         They clattered down the mountainside 
                         through groves of evergreen and oak and 
                         out across the pleasant valley where the 
                         rising sun began already to shoot rosy 
                         darts and drive the clustering shadows 
                         back. Far off, in a sequestered franklin's 
                         cot, a cock crew with an elfin, silvery 
                         note. De Grandin sent a mocking "coque- 
                         rico" echoing back and burst into a song: 
                     
                      "Isot ma drue, Isot ma mie!  En vous ma mort, en vous ma vie!" 
                     
                     
                         Her rich contralto matched his lyric 
                         baritone: 
                     
                      "Belle amie, ainsi va de nous!  Ni vous sans moi, ni moi sans vous!" 
                     
                     
                         The horses drew together as the trail- 
                         way narrowed, and he leant toward her 
                         and kissed her on the mouth. "En vous 
                         ma mort, en vous ma vie!" he quoted in 
                         a whisper. 
                     
                     
                         "Ni vous sans moi, ni moi sans vous!" 
                         she answered, and her lips clung against 
                         his like iron to the lodestone. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         6. The Wolf Pack Hunts Again 
                     
                     
                         NIGHT was falling quickly. The sky's 
                         bright blue was stained to steel-gray, 
                         tawny, finally a dull slate, and presently 
                         the hard, cold moonlight crept between 
                         the branches of the trees as if to search 
                         the riders out, to say to something that 
                         pursued them: "Here they be!" No caw 
                         of rook or raven's croak came through 
                         the thick pine boughs, only the moaning 
                         of a wind that seemed to grow more cold 
                         each instant, and, occasionally, the crackle 
                         of a dry, dead leaf. 
                     
                     
                         But was it just the crackling of dead 
                         leaves? About them, right and left, be- 
                         hind, before, marching with them, fol- 
                         lowing, waiting for them, was a stealthy 
                         pad-pad-pad of tufted feet. It grew and 
                         multiplied till from every quarter it 
                         seemed closing in on them. Something 
                         streaked across the road before them like 
                         a flash of dancing light reflected from a 
                         mirror. A rabbit, flying with wings of 
                         terror on its heels. The rustling increased 
                         till it sounded like the slashing drive of 
                         hailstones on the dry-leaf carpet of the 
                         forest, and a deer shot by, running with 
                         the speed of desperation. 
                     
                     
                         Basta's teeth were chattering. "This 
                         likes me not!" she whispered, drawing 
                         nearer to de Grandin. 
                     
                     
                         He smoothed his restless horse's neck 
                         and wondered which particular saint to 
                         approach with a proposition. The Blessed 
                         Ones had never failed him yet, but this 
                         situation was unprecedented. Intermedi- 
                         ate help was not to be despised, but in 
                         the circumstances it might be best to make 
                         direct petition. He bent his head and 
                         signed himself. 
                     
                     
                         "Dom Dio, look on us," he whispered 
                         reverently. "We are very weak and full 
                         of sin, and oftentimes have transgressed 
                         Thy commandments. Nathless, Senhor 
                         Lord, we are very sorry for our misdeeds, 
                         and if it be Thy will to save us from the 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 32 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         perils that encompass us, we promise to 
                         amend our ways as far as in our sinful 
                         nature lies. Grant, therefore, that we may 
                         come safely through this danger--or if it 
                         be that we must perish, let us take such 
                         toll of those who came against us that 
                         their children and their children's chil- 
                         dren shall turn pale and tremble when 
                         our names are spoken. Amen. 
                     
                     
                         "Now let what is to come come quick- 
                         ly," he looked up smilingly from his de- 
                         votions. "Sweet mistress, no man dies 
                         more times than one, and who would 
                         wish to live alway?" 
                     
                     
                         They had ridden out into a little clear- 
                         ing and the stars were twinkling infinitely 
                         remote and chill above them. Far off, but 
                         belling nearer, even as it sounded, came 
                         the howling of a wolf, and its quavering 
                         wail was answered by another, and an- 
                         other--and another. On every side, com- 
                         pletely circling them, rose the hunting- 
                         cry, and suddenly a gray form glided 
                         from the shadows, followed by two more, 
                         three, a score, and they found themselves 
                         the center of a ring of greenly gleaming 
                         eyes, white teeth and hairy breasts. The 
                         howling had ceased now, but the silence 
                         that enfolded them was infinitely more 
                         frightening. Standing head and shoulders 
                         above others in the pack, a gigantic wolf 
                         wove through the hairy circle, seeming 
                         to give orders and plan strategy. 
                     
                     
                         De Grandin slipped down from his sad- 
                         dle, for his horse was mad with terror and 
                         unmanageable. He held his hand to 
                         Basta, helping her alight, and as she 
                         dropped beside him clipped her to his 
                         breast. "One kiss before we meet them 
                         steel to tusk, querida," he whispered as 
                         they took their stand against a lightning- 
                         blasted pine. "If so be we must die and 
                         the Lord wills I must rot in hell for ever, 
                         the memory of thy kisses will console me 
                         in the midst of fire and brimstone ever- 
                         lasting." 
                     
                     
                         "Again!" she pleaded, "Again!" She 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         wound her arms about him and strained 
                         herself so tight against his armor that it 
                         seemed their two forms would be merged 
                         in one. "Oh, beloved, why must we stop 
                         to breathe?" 
                     
                     
                         But need to stop was urgent, for even as 
                         they embraced the pack charged. A leap- 
                         ing chaos of red mouths and flashing 
                         teeth surged on them, and into it he 
                         plunged his sword with lightning strokes, 
                         stabbing, slashing, hacking till his arm 
                         grew numb with killing. 
                     
                     
                         He saw Basta fighting like a thing pos- 
                         sessed; then suddenly he heard her give a 
                         cry and fall down writhing as two wolves 
                         leaped on her. 
                     
                     
                         But it did not seem as if they bore her 
                         down. Rather, it appeared she went down 
                         voluntarily, and while she stabbed and 
                         slashed at her assailants with her dagger 
                         her right hand dropped the sword and 
                         reached out for an odd-shaped fungus 
                         growing like a mushroom between two 
                         branches of the dead tree's rotting roots. 
                         Her fingers closed upon it and she thrust 
                         it in her mouth. 
                     
                     
                         "Perhaps that way is best," he mur- 
                         mured as he wrenched his sword-blade 
                         from a cloven skull and thrust it through 
                         the brisket of a leaping wolf. "Death 
                         cannot be far off, and if the poison fungus 
                         kills her quickly she will not feel the 
                         agony of being torn to pieces -- ha, 
                         would'st thou, by the sandals of Saint 
                         Bride?"--this to a wolf which clamped 
                         its teeth upon his sword arm and sought 
                         to drag him down. "Taste this and see 
                         how well it likes thy belly!" He drove 
                         his dagger in the creature's throat and 
                         turned the blade so that the red blood 
                         spurted out like wine from a burst cask. 
                     
                     
                         Basta had rolled upon her back and 
                         four shaggy beasts were on her, tearing 
                         at her gorget and breast armor. 
                     
                     
                         De Grandin started toward her, hew- 
                         ing out a lane for passage with his sword, 
                         but the mighty leader of the pack leaped 
                     
                 
                 W. T.--2 
             
             
                 
                 FORTUNE'S FOOLS 33 
                 
                     
                     
                         on him, and he fell beneath the impact of 
                         the monster's driven weight. 
                     
                     
                         Now the other wolves drew back and 
                         the frenzied yelping ceased. The leader 
                         was about to make his kill. 
                     
                     
                         A thousand times de Grandin had 
                         looked straight-eyed in the skull-faced 
                         countenance of death, and always he had 
                         grinned at it. But now he did not grin. 
                         The snarling face above him was a wolf's, 
                         the fur was wolfish and the fangs were 
                         bestial, but through the beastly linea- 
                         ments he recognized the face of Otto 
                         Wolfberg. His stomach retched with 
                         loathing as the grinning mouth drew near 
                         his throat. In a moment he would feel 
                         the sharp teeth tearing through his flesh, 
                         and he was powerless, for the man-wolf 
                         crouched upon him, holding down his 
                         legs with his back legs, pinioning his 
                         arms against the earth with his forepaws. 
                         "Mater salvatoris," he besought, "comes 
                         now a sinful soul. Pray thou for it--" 
                     
                     
                         His panted prayer was interrupted by 
                         a wild, fierce cry the like of which he'd 
                         never heard. Not quite a roar nor yet a 
                         scream, but blending the most fearsome 
                         part of each, it echoed and re-echoed 
                         through the werewolf-haunted wood. 
                     
                     
                         The wolves heard it and were afraid. 
                         For the first time in their savage, man- 
                         beast lives they knew the paralyzing gripe 
                         of sheer, stark terror. And even as they 
                         turned in fright they knew the realization 
                         of their fear, for, apparently from no- 
                         where, a dreadful thing was in their 
                         midst. It was a creature like a catamoun- 
                         tain, but four times larger, with rippling 
                         soot-black fur and flashing eyes of green, 
                         and teeth like simitars and claws like sa- 
                         bers. It rushed among them, spreading 
                         death so swift it might have been a light- 
                         ning bolt. At a single blow from its great 
                         paw a wolf lay belly-down with twitching 
                         legs and whimpering breath, its back 
                         snapped like a rotten twig; a sweep of 
                         its sword-studded talons, and skin and 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         flesh and pelage ripped away from staring 
                         bones. The creature seized a great wolf 
                         in its jaws and shook it as a cat might 
                         shake a mouse, then tossed the carcass 
                         by contemptuously and struck two more 
                         beasts from its path as it made for the 
                         wolf-thing that worried at de Grandin's 
                         throat. Then with a roar it sprang. 
                     
                     
                         The wolf-man turned to flee. The 
                         great cat-monster held its stroke and 
                         watched him till he almost reached the 
                         tangle of the undergrowth, then leaped 
                         in a long arc and seized his flanks be- 
                         tween its claws, dragging him to earth as 
                         though it were a tabby, he a luckless rat. 
                     
                     
                         Then began a dreadful parody of cat- 
                         and-mouse play. The werewolf trailed a 
                         broken leg behind him, for the panther's 
                         mighty jaws had crushed his bones at its 
                         first onset, and at each fresh capture the 
                         black leopard gave him further hurt, now 
                         raking him from huckle-bone to rump, 
                         now clawing him across the shoulders, 
                         now wallowing him upon the frozen 
                         ground and slapping at him soft-clawed 
                         till the breath was almost beaten from 
                         his body. Then it would crouch, its tail 
                         atwitch, and watch him with inscrutable 
                         green eyes as he limped off to seek the 
                         shelter of a thicket, only to leap and drag 
                         him back each time he almost reached 
                         asylum. 
                     
                     
                         It seemed a metamorphosis was work- 
                         ing in the werewolf. When first the pan- 
                         ther's torturing play began he was as 
                         much in form a wrolf as any natural beast, 
                         but as cruel claws and ruthless fangs 
                         ripped quivering flesh from his tormented 
                         bones he seemed to take on semi-human 
                         shape. His paws appeared to lengthen 
                         into hands, his shoulders widened and his 
                         body straightened, so that while he was 
                         still cased in unkempt, matted fur, he was 
                         more like a man dight in a hairy garment 
                         than a wolf. And from the tortured mask 
                         of fur the terror-stricken features of von 
                         Wolfberg looked in hopeless fright. 
                     
                 
                 W. T.--3 
             
             
                 
                 34 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         Now the wolf-man found the sem- 
                         blance of a human voice. "Mercy!" he 
                         croaked hoarsely. "Have pity on my mis- 
                         ery! Castle, followers, chattels, heritage, 
                         are all gone. Grant me but the boon of 
                         life! Let me drag my broken body to 
                         some sanctuary where I may repent my 
                         sins!" 
                     
                     
                         Repentance! He had full measure of it 
                         now as the great panther sported with 
                         him. Otto of the Wolves' Hill, twelfth 
                         werewolf of his line, robber and tor- 
                         menter of the helpless, now knew the 
                         pangs of torture. He who never yet had 
                         granted mercy to a man or child or wo- 
                         man prayed in vain for mercy. Craven 
                         at the last, he offered no resistance to the 
                         claws that ripped his shuddering flesh or 
                         the strong teeth that crushed his bones, 
                         but screamed and squealed and pled for 
                         pity more abjectly than the weakest victim 
                         of his wolf-lust ever begged. 
                     
                     
                         At last the catamountain wearied of its 
                         play. It struck von Wolfberg's head with 
                         a great paw, then as he reeled in dizziness 
                         beneath the blow, seized his neck between 
                         its teeth and shook him till he hung limp 
                         as an empty glove. 
                     
                     
                         De Grandin watched the pantomime 
                         of vengeance to its end. Around him on 
                         the turf there lay a ring of werewolves, 
                         some gasping out their lives with wheez- 
                         ing breath, some beginning to assume 
                         their human shapes, now that the spell 
                         of evil magic had been ended with 
                         their evil lives; all were smeared with 
                         blood and scarred with gaping wounds. 
                         Crouched on the lifeless form of Otto 
                         Wolfberg the great panther stared at him 
                         with green unwinking eyes. "Mo' Dio, 
                         Domna Cat," he complimented, "had 
                         thought myself a valiant dealer-out of 
                         death to evil-doers, but I must yield to 
                         thee. I know not who thou art nor 
                         whence thou comest, but I am very much 
                         beholden to thee." 
                     
                     
                         The catamountain rose from Wolf- 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         berg's body, arched its back and stalked 
                         majestically into the wood. 
                     
                     
                         "O Basta, my beloved, why could'st 
                         thou not have waited for a little?" 
                         moaned de Grandin. "Thou wotted not 
                         that succor was so near when--" He 
                         kicked a stiffening carcass from his way 
                         and bent to seek for Basta's body under- 
                         neath a mound of furry corpses. 
                     
                     
                         She was not there. His search grew 
                         frantic. Here and there, wherever corpses 
                         lay in groups, he hurried in his quest. 
                         "Basta! Basta!" he cried piteously. "O 
                         saints, grant I may find her!" 
                     
                     
                         He heard a rustling in the pine copse 
                         at the clearing's rim. Perhaps she lived; 
                         perhaps she'd dragged herself into the 
                         underbrush to die. . . . 
                     
                     
                         He forced the evergreens aside and 
                         halted with a gasp of sheer amazement. 
                         Seated cross-legged on the ground, Basta 
                         wove the tresses of her hair in plaits and 
                         bound them round her head. 
                     
                     
                         7. "We Be Fortune's Fools!" 
                     
                     
                         "FANTINA--novia!" he called, his eyes 
                         almost incredulous with happiness. 
                         "Is't truly thou, my love? Thou art not 
                         dead? Count Otto and his monstrous 
                         minions are no more, pursuit is at an end 
                         --the road lies open to our feet!" He 
                         bent to seize her in his arms, but she 
                         pushed him gently back. 
                     
                     
                         "Unclean!" she warned. "Lay not your 
                         hand on me. I am unfit for Christian 
                         touch!" 
                     
                     
                         "Who says it?" he demanded. "Who 
                         dares say that the flower--" 
                     
                     
                         "The flower!" she burst in. "Aye, thou 
                         sayest--the flower! I sold my soul for 
                         vengeance. Now I pay the price, e'en 
                         though it breaks my heart in twain." The 
                         sudden unexpected laugh that broke her 
                         words clanged hard as coins rung on a 
                         money-changer's table. "Who cares?" she 
                         challenged. "Who cares what happens to 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 FORTUNE'S FOOLS 35 
                 
                     
                     
                         the soul of a slave-wench? Her body is 
                         the property of any two-legged beast that 
                         claims it; why should not Sathanas have 
                         her soul?" 
                     
                     
                         "Nay, Basta, hear me," he entreated. 
                         "I jested not when I declared my 
                         love--" 
                     
                     
                         "Let be!" her voice was thin drawn to 
                         the breaking-point. She dipped her hand 
                         into the pocket hanging from her girdle. 
                         "An thou'lt accept a gift from one whose 
                         soul is forfeit, take these in parting." 
                         She let a cataract of jewels flash through 
                         her fingers to the earth. "Yesternight 
                         thou named thyself a landless fugitive. 
                         These be the pick of Otto Wolfberg's 
                         treasure. I took them ere we fled. Take 
                         them with thee to rebuild thy fortunes; 
                         'tis the ransom of a king--" 
                     
                     
                         "What talk is this of parting?" he de- 
                         manded. "Have I not said I love thee? 
                         Come, come thy ways, my love. The road 
                         is open to our feet, and there is none to 
                         say us nay. I know not where the nearest 
                         town may be, but sure there is a priest 
                         there who will--" 
                     
                     
                         Her gesture halted him. "I am become 
                         as one of them," she told him, pointing 
                         to the clearing where the dead and dying 
                         werewolves lay. 
                     
                     
                         "Sayest thou?" 
                     
                     
                         "Indeed. Bethink thee: Upon the 
                         night we met I told thee that I sought a 
                         flower. It is a bloom of hell, and whoso 
                         eats of it straight shifts his shape into 
                         the beast he most resembles. Thereafter 
                         for three twelvemonths he must live in 
                         bestial form, with only little intervals of 
                         human shape. I found the flower not 
                         when I first sought it, but e'en now when 
                         the wolf-men came on us I saw it grow- 
                         ing at my very feet. I knew the price 
                         required, but I paid it willingly that Otto 
                         Wolfberg and his followers might be 
                         destroyed. Farewell, my love, my heart, 
                         my very dearest . . ." Her voice broke 
                         on a choking note, as if her throat were 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         stopped with sobs, and she dropped to 
                         hands and knees as if she sought some 
                         lost thing in the leaves. 
                     
                     
                         "Basta, carissima," he cried, "it boots 
                         not what your outward form may be, if 
                         so be that your heart inclines to me--" 
                     
                     
                         Like one who flees quick death she 
                         scurried on all fours into the bracken. 
                         There was a thrashing in the conifers. 
                         Then the branches parted. A great black 
                         panther looked at him with moss-green 
                         eyes. For a long moment it stood there, 
                         regarding him unwinkingly. Then it 
                         turned and padded silently away into the 
                         whispering wood. 
                     
                     
                         HE STOOPED and took a palmful from 
                         the pile of gems that glittered at his 
                         feet and let them trickle slowly through 
                         his outspread fingers. Emeralds ... ru- 
                         bies . . . pearls. 
                     
                     
                         Emeralds for the green of eyes that 
                         looked into his heart, rubies for her vivid 
                         lips, pearls for the white skin of her. 
                     
                     
                         Rubies, pearls and emeralds. The ran- 
                         som of a king she'd named them, sooth- 
                         ly. With such gems as these he could 
                         buy houses, lands and goods and live like 
                         any lord. The King of Sicily offered 
                         refuge to the fleeing Provenals. He 
                         could live richly there for a long lifetime 
                         and not expend the tithe of that which 
                         glittered in his palm. 
                     
                     
                         Yea, he could live wrapped in the arms 
                         of luxury. But his own arms would be 
                         empty. 
                     
                     
                         One look he cast into the thicket where 
                         the panther disappeared, then raised his 
                         shoulders in a shrug. The Moorish sages 
                         had the right of it. No man could over- 
                         come his fate. 
                     
                     
                         "Aye, we be Fortune's fools, we two," 
                         he murmured as he turned to seek his 
                         horse. 
                     
                     
                         Untouched, the little pyramid of gems 
                         glowed like a fallen star against the 
                         brown leaf-mold. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 
                 
                     Dust in the House 
                 
                 
                     By  DAVID H. KELLER  
                 
                 
                     A weird mystery story about an old house that had been closed for a century, and the two skeletons that sat across the table
                        from each other in that house 
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "TT IS a good thing for you that you 
                         happened to see our advertise- 
                         ment," commented the lawyer. "It 
                         means that the Hubler estate, worth at 
                         least several million, will go to you in- 
                         stead of being distributed among various 
                         charitable institutions of the city of New 
                         York." 
                     
                     
                         The man seated on the other side of 
                         the table smiled. "It was rather singular 
                         that I just happened to see your advertise- 
                         ment in a Paris paper. I do not know 
                         how I happened to read it in a part of 
                         the paper I seldom look at. Of course I 
                         knew I belonged to the family, but I 
                         never bothered to look them up. Are you 
                         sure there are no other heirs?" 
                     
                     
                         "None that we can be sure of. Of 
                         course the usual number of claimants; 
                         that was bound to occur, but all of them 
                         are fraudulent. There was one other gen- 
                         uine heir, the daughter of a great-uncle 
                         of yours. We know she was born; we do 
                         not know that she died; we simply can- 
                         not find her. We have satisfied all legal 
                         requirements in our search for her. If 
                         she does not appear in a week, the fortune 
                         is yours. Of course there are conditions 
                         but that only makes it more interesting. 
                         The whole affair is interesting. Think of 
                         it! A valuable estate tied up for one hun- 
                         dred years, meantime increasing in value 
                         simply because of the real estate con- 
                         nected with it. Our legal firm has cared 
                         for it all these hundred years, as a trust. 
                         And meantime the house has been unoc- 
                         cupied, unopened and unentered for all 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         those years. It has often been painted on 
                         the outside and the roof repaired as 
                         needed, but no one has been inside since 
                         the windows were boarded shut and the 
                         front door locked by your great-grand- 
                         father. 
                     
                     
                         "It seems that he locked the door and 
                         stayed near the house till the windows 
                         were boarded shut. Then he came to our 
                         law office, had this most peculiar will 
                         made, and then killed himself. His heirs 
                         were to enter the house at the end of the 
                         hundred years, spend one night in the 
                         dining-room and then divide the estate 
                         among them. Then the house was to be 
                         torn down, all the furniture burned, and 
                         the land sold." 
                     
                     
                         The man smiled rather sourly. "One 
                         night alone in the house?" he asked. 
                     
                     
                         "Yes," replied the lawyer. "A repre- 
                         sentative of our firm is to go there with 
                         you, and see that you are escorted to the 
                         room. The next morning that man will 
                         call for you. Then legal application will 
                         be made for the dissolving of the trust 
                         and the closing of the estate." 
                     
                     
                         "And I am the only heir?" 
                     
                     
                         "Yes, except for this lost woman. As 
                         I told you, we know she was born. Her 
                         mother died and her father disappeared, 
                         taking the baby with him. And we have 
                         proof that he died, but where his daugh- 
                         ter is we do not know. We have tried to 
                         find her, but failed." 
                     
                     
                         "How old would she be if she were 
                         living?" 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 DUST IN THE HOUSE 37 
                 "He was going to lake the dagger and kill himself, and he could not keep from doing it." 
                 
                     
                     
                         "About thirty years, if the birth certifi- 
                         cate is correct." 
                     
                     
                         "And her baptismal name?" 
                     
                     
                         "Lilith Lamereaux." 
                     
                     
                         The man drew himself forward in the 
                         chair as he said slowly, "Lilith Lame- 
                         reaux! I knew a woman by that name; 
                         in fact, I knew her rather well. She tried 
                         to kill me several times." 
                     
                     
                         "What happened to her?" asked the 
                         lawyer, rather sharply. 
                     
                     
                         "I do not know. Perhaps I do not 
                         care. She passed out of my life. I would 
                         like to know what actually did happen 
                         to her. Of course she did not kill me, 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         only tried to. The fact that I am here 
                         today talking to you is confirmation of 
                         the fact that she did not kill me. But I 
                         will give her credit for trying. Her at- 
                         tempts were intelligent and genuine. I am 
                         alive today because I outguessed her. Evi- 
                         dently she was one woman who became 
                         discouraged by repeated failures. At least 
                         she stopped trying and disappeared." 
                     
                     
                         "A singular coincidence," mused the 
                         lawyer. "Of course there may have been 
                         two women by the same name; but the 
                         name is an odd one. We have been un- 
                         able to find anyone of that name in 
                         America, and our advertisements in Eng- 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 38 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         land and the Continent have been un- 
                         answered. Of course we have no descrip- 
                         tion of her; so it would be useless to have 
                         you tell us what your Lilith looked like." 
                     
                     
                         "She was very beautiful," sighed the 
                         man. 
                     
                     
                         "And evidently very dangerous," com- 
                         mented the lawyer. "But fortunately our 
                         firm has never interested itself in the 
                         criminal side of the law, and I can simply 
                         say that I have a human but not a pro- 
                         fessional interest in your story of triple 
                         escape from a potential murderess. Will 
                         you meet me at the front door of the 
                         house at five-thirty tonight? Better bring 
                         an overcoat, rubbers and something to 
                         eat and drink during the night." 
                     
                     
                         "Rubbers?" asked the man. "I thought 
                         you said the roof had been kept in re- 
                         pair." 
                     
                     
                         "It has. But the dust, man! Can you 
                         imagine a house unopened for a hundred 
                         years? Unopened, unaired, unentered, 
                         uncleaned? We cannot tell what state it 
                         is in." 
                     
                     
                         "That is true. I will wear them, and 
                         bring along something to eat and a bottle 
                         of wine, and perhaps some candles. Of 
                         course there is neither gas nor electricity 
                         in the house." 
                     
                     
                         "Of course not. The house has not 
                         been opened for a hundred years, and 
                         gas and electricity were unknown when 
                         it was occupied. I have often wondered 
                         just why it was to be occupied for one 
                         night and then torn down. Evidently 
                         some peculiar fancy on the part of your 
                         ancestor. And here is something interest- 
                         ing. He had two sons. One simply dis- 
                         appeared and the other lived on to keep 
                         the family alive. There is something that 
                         has always interested me. One son disap- 
                         pears, the father shuts the house, makes 
                         his will and kills himself. And now one 
                         hundred years later the only one of the 
                         family alive enters the house with a 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         lawyer, and whatever mystery there is 
                         will be solved." 
                     
                     
                         "And I suppose you will represent your 
                         firm tonight?" 
                     
                     
                         "Absolutely. I grew up with this mys- 
                         tery as one of the most precious parts of 
                         our legal firm. In fact I think I would 
                         have died years ago. But I was deter- 
                         mined to be there when the house was 
                         opened, and that kept me alive. I simply 
                         had to stay there in the office, as the 
                         oldest member of the firm, year by year 
                         waiting till I could enter the house. So 
                         I will be seeing you at five-thirty, and 
                         don't forget the rubbers." 
                     
                     
                         "I will be there," answered the man. 
                         "And the more I think of it, the more 
                         determined I am to bring whisky instead 
                         of wine. I may need something like 
                         whisky before the night is over--to wash 
                         the dust down my throat." 
                     
                     
                         PROMPTLY the two men met at the 
                         front door of the old house. The old 
                         lawyer, who evidently thought of every- 
                         thing, pulled a large key out of one 
                         pocket of his overcoat and a can of oil 
                         out of the other pocket. 
                     
                     
                         "The lock may be rusty," he explained 
                         as he oiled the key and squirted some oil 
                         gravely into the keyhole. "A lock unused 
                         for a hundred years may be very rusty, 
                         but it was a good lock and a stout key, 
                         and with a little oil and patience we can 
                         open the door. Ah! I can feel it turn. 
                         Now you will excuse me if I pause and 
                         take a tablet of nitroglycerin. An anginal 
                         attack at this time would certainly spoil 
                         my pleasure." 
                     
                     
                         He waited and then swung the front 
                         door open. 
                     
                     
                         "We will wait a little while and then 
                         we will go in. I have two electric search- 
                         lights. You take one. Turn it on. Just as 
                         I expected! This front room is the parlor, 
                         with elegant draperies, furnishings and 
                         carpet. Look at the dust! Several inches 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 DUST IN THE HOUSE 39 
                 
                     
                     
                         thick! Over everything! Look at the lit- 
                         tle waves in the dust where the winter 
                         winds blew through the cracks. Like the 
                         sand waves of the Sahara. I spent some 
                         weeks there as a young man. This parlor 
                         is a little Sahara. Suppose we go upstairs 
                         first and save the dining-room till the last. 
                         It should be back of the parlor. Excuse 
                         me, but I am going to tie a handkerchief 
                         over my nose. I would advise you to do 
                         the same. No telling what germs are in 
                         that dust. Of course it may be almost 
                         sterile, as most of the family you repre- 
                         sent has been. Walk carefully up these 
                         steps. No matter how hard we try the 
                         dust will rise." 
                     
                     
                         The two men wandered through the 
                         second floor of the old house, through 
                         long-deserted bedrooms, once gayly deco- 
                         rated. 
                     
                     
                         "'Life and love have gone away, leav- 
                         ing doors and windows wide; careless 
                         tenants they,' quoted the old man. "How 
                         appropriate! I never married, but I have 
                         always been a sentimentalist. What tales 
                         of love this house could tell, these fur- 
                         nishings relate, could they but talk!" 
                     
                     
                         "I wish," said the young man sharp- 
                         ly, "that I could ask you to stop quoting 
                         poetical nonsense. To me this is simply 
                         an old dirty house." 
                     
                     
                         "But to me it is mystery, romance," 
                         countered the old man. "Well, at least 
                         there is nothing on the second floor, and 
                         above is the attic, which I can leave un- 
                         examined. And now for the dining- 
                         room." 
                     
                     
                         "Yes. And twelve hours without your 
                         rambling poetry. Sorry," apologized the 
                         heir, "but I am really nervous, jittery, 
                         and all that sort of thing. Are you sure 
                         you cannot spend the night with me?" 
                     
                     
                         "I could and I would like to, but if 
                         I did, the will would be broken and you 
                         would not receive a cent." 
                     
                     
                         "But who would know?" 
                     
                     
                         "We would, and honor to our law 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         firm is the most priceless of our posses- 
                         sions." 
                     
                     
                         THEY went down the broad stairway 
                         and through the parlor. There was 
                         only one door at the back of the room 
                         and that was closed. The lawyer opened 
                         the door and announced, 
                     
                     
                         "This must be the dining-room." 
                     
                     
                         They turned their flashlights on the 
                         open doorway. And then the young man 
                         almost gasped, 
                     
                     
                         "No dust!" 
                     
                     
                         "Correct!" agreed the lawyer. "No 
                         dust. Spotlessly clean. I would suggest 
                         that we take off our rubbers. It would 
                         be a shame to spoil the spotless waxed 
                         floor. And now the mystery hangs over 
                         us as the dust hangs over the rest of the 
                         house. Do you see what I see? A ma- 
                         hogany table in the center of the room. 
                         Two empty candlesticks on the table. 
                         Two plates and two glasses. And three 
                         chairs. In one chair there is something 
                         that may have once been a woman. At 
                         least the remnants of a woman's clothes 
                         cover the dried skin and bones of one 
                         long dead. She must have been tied to 
                         the chair before -- or after -- she died. 
                         Don't move. Let us think about this first. 
                         Across the table are two chairs. One is 
                         empty. The other chair holds something 
                         long dead, and from the general appear- 
                         ance that was once a man. There is a 
                         cane on the floor, a gold-headed cane. 
                         See how the gold shines? As though it 
                         had been recently polished. Look at the 
                         oil paintings on the wall, and the side- 
                         board with its shining glass. The candle- 
                         sticks are of silver and they glisten as 
                         I throw my light on them. Excuse me. 
                         This calls for another tablet of nitro- 
                         glycerin. I would not have missed this 
                         for anything. I am glad I lived to see it. 
                         And now suppose we walk through the 
                         room and open the door on the other 
                         side.--The mystery deepens. There is 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 40 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         the kitchen, and it is as dusty as the rest 
                         of the house. Well, whatever the expla- 
                         nation is, you will have to tell me in the 
                         morning. The will states that the heirs 
                         must spend the night here; twelve hours 
                         from six to six. Of course the old man 
                         probably thought there would be more 
                         than one heir." 
                     
                     
                         The heir took a package of sandwiches 
                         out of his pocket, wrapped them and 
                         placed them slowly on one of the plates. 
                         On one side of the table he placed his 
                         quart of whisky. Then he placed two 
                         candles in the candlesticks and carefully 
                         sat down in the empty chair, and turned 
                         to the old lawyer. 
                     
                     
                         "You said the house had been un- 
                         opened for a hundred years." 
                     
                     
                         "That is what I said." 
                     
                     
                         "You said no one had been here." 
                     
                     
                         "I was sure of it." 
                     
                     
                         "Yet you see this room?" 
                     
                     
                         "I do. I have seen everything in it. 
                         This dead man and this dead woman 
                         seem to have sat here for a hundred 
                         years. Since I opened the door I have 
                         asked myself a hundred questions and 
                         none of them has an answer. Now I 
                         will ask one more. See that dead man? 
                         Over his long-dried and dusty heart there 
                         is still the handle of a dagger. He was 
                         killed with the dagger and it was never 
                         withdrawn. Now I will take that dagger 
                         and withdraw it. The blade should be 
                         almost gone. But look at it! Long, the 
                         steel polished, the point like a needle. 
                         Answer that. Did this piece of steel kill 
                         this man? Or has the steel been replaced 
                         by a new blade? Or was this dagger the 
                         one that killed? I wall place it on the 
                         table. The ivory handle is yellow with 
                         age, but it is clean. You see it is a very 
                         unusual handle; an artistically carved 
                         body of a nude woman. Well, if I keep 
                         on thinking about this I shall have to 
                         take another tablet of nitroglycerin. I 
                         will leave you with the two candles burn- 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         ing, and at six in the morning I will 
                         unlock the front door and bid you good- 
                         morning. And now good-night. I can- 
                         not say 'pleasant dreams,' for I think 
                         that you will not sleep." 
                     
                     
                         The young man opened the bottle of 
                         whisky, and took four fingers full. 
                     
                     
                         "You will find me here, you Ancient 
                         Mariner, and inside me you will find the 
                         quart of whisky. I should have had two 
                         quarts. If there was much less than a 
                         million at stake I would go with you 
                         and let the sick and the motherless of the 
                         city have the old man's money and be 
                         damned to him. But a man will do a 
                         lot for money. Good-bye. I will answer 
                         some of your questions in the morning." 
                     
                     
                         The old lawyer left and shut the door. 
                         Then the front door creaked shut on its 
                         rusty hinges. The heir took another drink 
                         and wiped his wet lips with the back of 
                         his hand. 
                     
                     
                         "I will drink some," he whispered to 
                         himself, "and then I will try to solve 
                         this mystery. Of course someone has 
                         been here. These dead bags of skin and 
                         bones did not wax the floor and dust the 
                         table and polish these candlesticks. And 
                         that dagger. It seems to me that I have 
                         seen that somewhere before. Perhaps 
                         another drink will clear my brain." 
                     
                     
                         MINUTES passed, and hours. At 
                         eleven he looked at his watch and 
                         started to eat the sandwiches. Meantime 
                         the bottle was rapidly being emptied. 
                         And then came midnight. 
                     
                     
                         He started to laugh. "If any thing was 
                         going to happen it would have happened 
                         by now," he whispered to himself. "So, 
                         as nothing has happened, nothing will 
                         happen. I will empty the bottle in one 
                         last, long drink and go to sleep for the 
                         rest of the night. I thought for a while-- 
                         but that was simply silly--to think of 
                         that. I never saw that dagger before. I 
                         know that I never have seen it before. I 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 DUST IN THE HOUSE 41 
                 
                     
                     
                         simply saw something that looked like 
                         it; but this one, no! I am going to keep 
                         on telling myself that I never saw it be- 
                         fore and at last I will believe it." 
                     
                     
                         He emptied the bottle. And then he 
                         must have slept. 
                     
                     
                         Waking with a start, he looked at his 
                         watch. He held it to his ear, and cried, 
                     
                     
                         "It stopped! I must have forgotten to 
                         wind it. It stopped at midnight and I 
                         never knew it. And now I do not know 
                         what time it is. I may have to wait only 
                         a few minutes or hours or an eternity till 
                         the lawyer comes for me. If only I knew 
                         what time it was I would be happier. 
                         How long was I asleep? How long must 
                         I stay awake?" 
                     
                     
                         And then he heard a tap, tap, tap, tap, 
                         little heels walking on a wooden floor, 
                         drawing nearer, more distinct; little heels 
                         tapping in mincing steps on a clean 
                         wooden floor. They sank noiseless in the 
                         thick dust of the house, and all the house 
                         was covered with thick carpeting of 
                         century-old dust except this room. His 
                         head whirled; he shut his eyes and shook 
                         his head to clear it. And then he opened 
                         his eyelids and there was a woman walk- 
                         ing toward the table. She was dressed 
                         in flounces and furbelows, hair-ribbons, 
                         pantofles and jewelry of the past century. 
                         In one hand she carried a candlestick 
                         with lighted taper, in the other hand a 
                         bottle of wine. She placed them both on 
                         the table. 
                     
                     
                         And then she took a handkerchief and 
                         started to dust the table and the pictures 
                         and the glasses. She went around the 
                         room like a little wren, making the place 
                         spotless, and all was quiet save for the 
                         tap-tap-tap of her little heels on the 
                         waxed and spotless wooden floor. Finally 
                         she replaced the half-burned candles with 
                         new ones. She poured two glasses of 
                         wine and silently placed one in front of 
                         the man. 
                     
                     
                         "Well," she said finally, "how very, 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         very odd to find you here! Who would 
                         have thought that you would be here? 
                         And why did you come? For the two 
                         million, I suppose. I might have known 
                         it. You were always so anxious to do 
                         anything for money. And now that you 
                         are here, and I am here, shall we drink 
                         to each other as we did in the past? You 
                         will recall the wine and the vintage. Or 
                         have you had too much whisky to recall 
                         anything? That was the trouble with you. 
                         You would have been a fine man and a 
                         faithful lover, only you had to drink too 
                         much at the wrong time. Drain the glass. 
                         You need it. But I will not drink mine, 
                         for you may need all in the bottle to 
                         keep your brain going till morning." 
                     
                     
                         He picked the glass up and slowly 
                         drained it, and then started to laugh. 
                     
                     
                         "Think of you being here!" he sneered. 
                         "I might have known it. Whenever there 
                         was any deviltry you were somehow at the 
                         bottom of it. But I am going to be rich 
                         now, and I will give you half of it if you 
                         go away and leave me here till the morn- 
                         ing. You give me your name and address 
                         and I promise you that I will give you 
                         half of it. Come on, be a good girl and 
                         get out." 
                     
                     
                         She simply laughed at him. "You have 
                         not changed at all," she said, "and you 
                         still think that all a woman thinks of is 
                         money. Drink another glass of the wine. 
                         It is perfect. Do you remember when we 
                         drank this same wine in the little patio 
                         in northern Italy?" 
                     
                     
                         "I remember very well. That was the 
                         third time." 
                     
                     
                         "And I told you there would be one 
                         more time and then I left you, and now 
                         you meet me here. How appropriate! I 
                         sent you the newspaper with the adver- 
                         tisement in it; I knew that would bring 
                         you back to America. And of course I 
                         knew about the will. I could have had 
                         half the estate had I been willing to dis- 
                         close my identity. I did not care for the 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 42 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         money. It was something more than 
                         wealth I wanted. Drink the wine, past 
                         lover of mine, drink the wine." 
                     
                     
                         HE DID as she ordered. It seemed that 
                         he had lost all power of self-con- 
                         trol. He had to do as she told him. 
                         There were anger and hatred in his eyes, 
                         but there was also terror. He tried to rise 
                         from the chair. He wanted to scream for 
                         help. He thought of falling to his knees 
                         and crying for mercy. Instead he simply 
                         sat still and looked at Lilith Lamereaux. 
                     
                     
                         She picked up the thing on the chair 
                         near him and walked away. She was in 
                         back of him and she simply vanished, tap- 
                         tap-tapping on the waxed, polished, dust- 
                         less floor. He wanted to turn around 
                         and see where she had gone, but instead 
                         he simply kept looking at the burning 
                         candles. Then he heard the tap-tap-tap- 
                         ping of her little heels and there she was 
                         back again, arranging the plates on the 
                         table, one in front of him and one in 
                         front of the dead woman on the other 
                         side of the table. She arranged the 
                         glasses and the bottles and wiped a speck 
                         of crumb and a drop of the wine off the 
                         polished table. 
                     
                     
                         "I always like to have things neat," 
                         she commented, with her little bird-like 
                         laugh. "You know I always was neat. 
                         My soul was so clean till I met you some 
                         years ago. And now I am going to take 
                         this dagger and carefully wipe all the 
                         finger prints off the handle and put it 
                         cautiously on the table in front of you. 
                         I will not try to use it on you again. I tried 
                         three times and failed, so why should I 
                         try again? But--take another glass of 
                         the wine--empty the bottle--that is good; 
                         it is like old times to see you drinking. 
                         You always thought such curious thoughts 
                         when you were drunk -- and you are 
                         drunk now. In fact you are very drunk. 
                         And you are wondering if this is not a 
                         hundred years ago. Can you do that? 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         There are two of you at the table drink- 
                         ing. And in desperation the little lady 
                         kills you, and then perhaps she poisons 
                         herself. 
                     
                     
                         "The father comes in and finds you 
                         both dead. Perhaps he blames himself. 
                         At least he leaves you there and locks 
                         the house. Now the poor little lady is 
                         dead; so she cannot kill you again, but 
                         you could kill yourself. How easy it 
                         would be for you to kill yourself! And 
                         if they examined the dagger for finger 
                         prints they would find there your finger 
                         prints. It would be suicide; they cer- 
                         tainly could not blame this poor dried-up 
                         lady tied so carefully to the chair and 
                         seated across the table from you. 
                     
                     
                         "And you have wanted to kill yourself 
                         so often. Keep that thought--you wanted 
                         to kill yourself so often. And now with 
                         the whisky and the wine and the perfect 
                         stage-setting and your memories of how 
                         you treated me, it should be so easy for 
                         you to do so. All you have to do is to 
                         take the dagger and plunge it into your 
                         heart. I will tie you to the chair so you 
                         will not drop over--after you are dead. 
                         And all the money will go to poor people 
                         who need it; to little children who have 
                         no parents. It will be the only act of 
                         kindness you ever thought of doing in 
                         your life; it will even atone for the way 
                         you treated me. Go ahead and do it; in 
                         fact, after I leave you, you cannot help 
                         yourself." 
                     
                     
                         She walked in back of him and he 
                         could hear the tap-tap-tapping of her lit- 
                         tle heels on the waxed and polished and 
                         dustless floor. He looked at the candles 
                         burning with steady flame in the silent 
                         room. It was too silent. He thought he 
                         could hear his heart beating, or was it the 
                         tap-tap-tap of her little heels pounding 
                         his life away? No! It was her heels. She 
                         was in back of him. She was passing a 
                         sheet around his body, tying him in the 
                         chair so that he would not fall to the 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 DUST IN THE HOUSE 43 
                 
                     
                     
                         floor when he died. She stroked his hair, 
                         and she dropped a kiss on his hair and 
                         she whispered that she was sorry that he 
                         was going to do what he was going to 
                         do because they might have been happy 
                         if things had been different, and now he 
                         should listen to her little heels tap-tap- 
                         tapping out of the room and out of his 
                         life because he was going to take the 
                         dagger and kill himself and he could not 
                         keep from doing it if he kept looking at 
                         the candles and thinking of Lilith Lame- 
                         reaux and the past years when he might 
                         have been happy if he had been differ- 
                         ent. 
                     
                     
                         And then tap-tap-tap and she was 
                         gone. And he was alone. 
                     
                     
                         Across the table the woman dead a 
                         hundred years looked at him, and it 
                         seemed that she smiled and urged him 
                         to be a man at last and not be afraid, 
                         because it was not such a hard thing to 
                         be dead, if there was love, even a dead 
                         love in your life. And the more he looked 
                         at her and at the two candles the more 
                         he knew that he had to kill himself, and 
                         the more sure he was that he would kill 
                         himself. The woman across the table 
                         seemed to change to Lilith, and there was 
                         the tappity-tap-tappity-tap of his heart 
                         and the tap-tap-tap of her heels on the 
                         floor--or was she tapping on the table 
                         with her polished finger nails? He could 
                         hear the blood pounding in his ears and 
                         everything was beating rhythmically to 
                         the tune of the tap-tap-tap, and words 
                         came and kept time with the music in his 
                         ears, and he heard her say again and 
                         again, "You have to kill yourself--you 
                         have to kill yourself--tap-tap-tappity-tap- 
                         tap--you have to kill yourself." Little 
                         white drops of sweat came out on his 
                         face, and slowly, very slowly, he reached 
                         for the dagger and with clenched hand 
                         did the thing he had to do. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         TWO weeks later the old lawyer sat 
                         alone in his office. Now and then 
                         he reached in his pocket, took out his 
                         little bottle and placed a tablet of nitro- 
                         glycerin carefully under his tongue. He 
                         was trying to think, and his thoughts 
                         did not make any sense. His stenographer 
                         brought in a card. He glanced at it, took 
                         another tablet and simply said, 
                     
                     
                         "Have her come in." 
                     
                     
                         In came a little lady, beautifully 
                         dressed in black. Her little heels tap- 
                         tapped on the bare floor. 
                     
                     
                         "Please do not say a word till I am 
                         through," urged the lawyer. "Where 
                         have you been, and why did you fail to 
                         answer our advertisements? Don't you 
                         know it cost you nearly two million? If 
                         you know me now, you knew me then 
                         and knew about the will. And where 
                         were you that night? Let me tell you 
                         something. I took your cousin to that 
                         house and left him there. There wrere 
                         two bodies there, tied to chairs around 
                         the center table, and I left him there in 
                         the third chair. The room was spotless; 
                         there was no dust. I was afraid; so the 
                         next morning I brought a witness with 
                         me, the very best detective I could find, 
                         and when we entered that dining-room 
                         there was only one dried body there, that 
                         of the woman. The other body was gone. 
                         And your cousin was dead. He had been 
                         killed with the dagger that I found in 
                         the room, and the detective took finger 
                         prints of the dead man and the dagger 
                         and he says that the man killed himself. 
                         And it does not make sense; and where 
                         is the other body, and where were you 
                         that night? I will tell you in confidence 
                         that the dead man was afraid of you. 
                         He said that you had tried three times to 
                         kill him, and now everything points to 
                         the fact that he got drunk and killed him- 
                         self. But why was the room so clean? 
                     
                     
                         "Of course there is nothing I can do 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 44 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         now, and perhaps it is just as well that 
                         he died when he did, because he was not 
                         worth much anyway, but how about me? 
                         Here I have waited all these years to find 
                         out about the house and its mystery, and 
                         instead of finding out anything there is 
                         simply more mystery. Won't you please 
                         tell me what happened? Or don't you 
                         know? And did you really try to kill him 
                         three times and did he really kill him- 
                         self?" 
                     
                     
                         "You poor dear man," cooed the little 
                         lady. "You know I heard that you were 
                         worrying yourself sick; so I just simply 
                         had to see you before I left for Europe. 
                         Now I tell you what to do. You are to 
                         have the house torn down. When they 
                         tear down the dining-room you be there, 
                         sort of puttering around aimlessly, and 
                         you will see them tear into the wall by 
                         the fireplace and there you will find a 
                         passageway to the house next door. And 
                         in that passageway you will find the man 
                         who was dead for a hundred years, or 
                         what is left of him and his clothes. 
                     
                     
                         "Then you will find that the house 
                         next door is empty but it was rented by 
                         a lady named Susan Smith, but she has 
                         moved because she is going to Europe 
                         tomorrow. And of course I read the will 
                         and I knew that the dining-room was 
                         going to be used, and I simply detest dust 
                         and dirt; so of course the room had to be 
                         cleaned, but I had lots of time, and it 
                         was a beautiful room when everything 
                         was dustless and polished. I even patched 
                         up the clothing of those two poor dear 
                         dead things, and when you and the man 
                         walked in I was really proud of how nice 
                         everything looked. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "I did not want the money and I am 
                         not sure that I wanted my cousin to die. 
                         I am sure that I did not want to kill him. 
                         In fact, I tried to forget; but I guess I 
                         went too far and suggested something to 
                         him, and so that is the way it goes in life 
                         when men are not kind to women who 
                         love them. And he must have killed him- 
                         self. I was not at all sure he would, but 
                         when I read about it in the papers, I knew 
                         he had. 
                     
                     
                         "And now I have one question to ask 
                         you. I am going to hold your hand when 
                         you answer it, because I want you to be 
                         very careful to give me the right answer. 
                         Perhaps you had better take one of those 
                         silly little pills first. Your stenographer 
                         said to me, 'Good God! Are you Lilith 
                         Lamereaux? The old Boss will sure have 
                         to take a pill when he hears you are here!' 
                         So take your silly little pill and hold my 
                         hand and look me in the eye and tell me. 
                         Do I look like a woman who would mur- 
                         der a man? Or do I look like a little 
                         wren who just loves to tap-tap-tappity- 
                         tap through life with her high heels light- 
                         ly pounding beautiful waxed dustless 
                         floors?" 
                     
                     
                         The old lawyer took a deep breath. 
                     
                     
                         "I don't know, Lilith. I really don't 
                         know. But I do know that if I were thirty 
                         years younger I would go to Europe with 
                         you tomorrow even though I was sure 
                         that on the third day out you would toss 
                         my dead body to the fishes." 
                     
                     
                         "You are a dear," she laughed, and 
                         gayly tapped her way out of the office 
                         and out of his life. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 
                 
                     He lay shackled by death, powerless to use the knowledge at his command." 
                 
                 
                     
                         The Defense Rests 
                     
                     
                         By  JULIUS LONG  
                     
                     
                         The weird story of a heartless criminal lawyer who nevertheless wanted to aquit his own murderer 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         JASON SANDERS sat impassively 
                         while the twelve jurors filed impor- 
                         tantly into the box. Out of the cor- 
                         ner of his wizened little eyes he regarded 
                         with derisive contempt the perspiring in- 
                         dividual who cowered beside him. The 
                         individual perspired because upon the 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         verdict of the jury hinged his life. He 
                         cowered because he was guilty. Jason 
                         Sanders enjoyed a mental laugh. It was 
                         a foregone conclusion that his client 
                         would not fry in the electric chair. No 
                         jury had ever sentenced a man to death 
                         in a scant half-hour. So a pleasant sense 
                     
                 
                 45 
             
             
                 
                 46 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         of triumph was delightfully intermingled 
                         with Jason Sanders' enjoyment of his 
                         client's anxiety. 
                     
                     
                         Crowded in the doorway nearest the 
                         telephones were a group of newspaper 
                         men ready to turn and run at a moment's 
                         notice. They watched Jason Sanders. 
                     
                     
                         "He doesn't give a damn," whispered 
                         one. 
                     
                     
                         "He knows damn' well what it's going 
                         to be," said another. 
                     
                     
                         "He doesn't care--he's been paid," 
                         was the significant statement of a third, 
                         under whose dissipated eyes bulged pock- 
                         ets of cynicism. 
                     
                     
                         The jurymen subsided heavily into 
                         their chairs, and the room became sound- 
                         less save for a few whispers of the news- 
                         paper men. A bailiff eyed them omi- 
                         nously, and they quieted. All eyes were 
                         now turned on the foreman of the jury. 
                     
                     
                         The judge eyed the foreman wearily. 
                     
                     
                         "Gentlemen, have you reached a ver- 
                         dict?" 
                     
                     
                         The foreman rose. "Yes, Your Honor 
                         we have." 
                     
                     
                         "You may hand it to the clerk." 
                     
                     
                         The foreman produced a folded sheet 
                         of paper and proffered it to the clerk, 
                         who carried it to the bench. The judge 
                         accepted the sheet, glanced over it, 
                         frowned and returned it to the clerk. 
                     
                     
                         "The defendant will rise while the 
                         clerk reads the verdict of the jury." 
                     
                     
                         His cheeks streaming with perspiration, 
                         the defendant rose. The clerk cleared his 
                         throat and began to read in an unpleasant 
                         tenor. 
                     
                     
                         "We, the jury, being duly impaneled 
                         and sworn, do find the defendant, Louis 
                         Padullo, not guilty as charged in the in- 
                         dictment." 
                     
                     
                         The clerk folded the sheet and gave 
                         it to an assistant. The judge threw up 
                         his hands and discharged the jury. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         THE freed man sank limply into his 
                         chair. Sanders stood up, straightened 
                         his tie and gazed across the room at Rob- 
                         erts, the district attorney, who sat immo- 
                         bile, his reddened face in his hands. Be- 
                         side him sat a pallid, sickly youth, who 
                         glared at Sanders with burning eyes. 
                         Sanders shrugged and moved away. 
                     
                     
                         "Better luck next time," he called to 
                         Roberts. 
                     
                     
                         Roberts sprang to his feet, reached 
                         Sanders in three long strides and shook 
                         his finger under his nose. 
                     
                     
                         "Sanders," he exploded, "I want to 
                         tell you that in all my years at the bar 
                         I've never seen such palpably manufac- 
                         tured evidence, so many paid perjurers 
                         in one case!" 
                     
                     
                         "It is so nice," cooed Sanders, "to 
                         know that your experience has been 
                         broadened." 
                     
                     
                         "Sanders," Roberts fairly shouted, 
                         "you are a disgrace to the bar!" 
                     
                     
                         "I'm not a poor loser," returned Sand- 
                         ers icily. 
                     
                     
                         Roberts seemed about to hurl another 
                         denunciation, then he stopped short and 
                         said in a deliberate, even tone: 
                     
                     
                         "Let me tell you something, Sanders. 
                         There will be one murderer you won't get 
                         off, and that will be your own! Mark my 
                         words." 
                     
                     
                         Sanders dropped his mask of indiffer- 
                         ence and eyed the district attorney inter-, 
                         estedly. 
                     
                     
                         "Is that a threat?" 
                     
                     
                         "No. I'm simply telling you. Some 
                         day, somewhere, someone is going to give 
                         you your just deserts. And whoever it is, 
                         you won't be there to defend him." 
                     
                     
                         Sanders stared quizzically into Roberts' 
                         eyes, then laughed in his face and saun- 
                         tered away. 
                     
                     
                         "He's probably right," he muttered 
                         under his breath, "and that's one case I 
                         can't win." 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 THE DEFENSE RESTS 47 
                 
                     
                     
                         THE newspaper men ganged him. He 
                         was photographed--alone. His cli- 
                         ent was forgotten. He rather enjoyed 
                         having his picture in the papers. He 
                         made a good picture, looked precisely 
                         what a great criminal lawyer is supposed 
                         to look like. He was fifty, and he showed 
                         it, but not a few of the youthful report- 
                         ers about him would have given up their 
                         youth for that distinguished countenance. 
                         Such a man as Sanders would have to be 
                         very shrewd to live up to his face. 
                     
                     
                         "A statement to the press, Mr. Sand- 
                         ers?" 
                     
                     
                         The newspaper men fawned. Sanders' 
                         brow wrinkled slightly as he drew upon 
                         the reservoir of his memory for another 
                         of his well rehearsed bits of impromptu 
                         wit. 
                     
                     
                         "My distinguished opponent, District 
                         Attorney Roberts," he said lightly, "has 
                         hinted rather bluntly that in the conduct 
                         of this case I have not had justice on my 
                         side. You may say to the imbeciles who 
                         read your newspapers that any man may 
                         go ahead when he is sure he is right, but 
                         it takes a good lawyer to go ahead when 
                         he's sure he's wrong." 
                     
                     
                         With that off his chest, Jason Sanders 
                         walked away. 
                     
                     
                         The several persons who made obse- 
                         quious way for him as he entered the ele- 
                         vator strained their ears to make out his 
                         mumbling. They failed. They would 
                         doubtless have succeeded had they been 
                         close by when District Attorney Roberts 
                         announced so heatedly: "There will be 
                         one murderer you won't get off, and that 
                         will be your own!" For it was this that 
                         Jason Sanders repeated as he rode down- 
                         stairs. 
                     
                     
                         Outside, his chauffeur awaited him, 
                         smiling broadly. The chauffeur shared 
                         vicariously the celebrity of his employer 
                         and felt a personal triumph in this latest 
                         victory. 
                     
                     
                         "Great goin', boss!" 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Sanders tried deperately not to show 
                         his pleasure at this very sincere flattery. 
                         It irked him to know that he was really 
                         fond of this big fellow. All his life he 
                         had tried to care as little about as few 
                         people as possible. Whenever he began 
                         to love his fellow men he knew he was 
                         drunk and went home to bed. Neverthe- 
                         less he beamed. He would have to give 
                         the chauffeur an extra day off. 
                     
                     
                         He had placed one foot on the run- 
                         ning-board of his limousine when he felt 
                         a hand upon his sleeve. He turned quick- 
                         ly with annoyance. 
                     
                     
                         His features relaxed with recognition. 
                         The thin, tapering fingers that clutched 
                         his arm were those of the sallow, sickly 
                         youth who had sat all through the trial 
                         with the district attorney. 
                     
                     
                         "Hello, Costello," said Sanders pa- 
                         tiently. "What can I do for you?" 
                     
                     
                         Costello did not answer. He withdrew 
                         his hand and thrust it into an outside 
                         coat pocket. When it was withdrawn it 
                         contained a small single-shot pistol of 
                         foreign make. The little barrel was 
                         pointed directly at Sanders' heart. 
                     
                     
                         With his arm Sanders carelessly re- 
                         strained his chauffeur, who had made a 
                         vigorous movement forward. 
                     
                     
                         "Here, here, Costello!" he said indulg- 
                         ently. "This is no way for you to be- 
                         have! I've only done my duty for my 
                         client. You say he killed your sister. The 
                         jury has just said he didn't. That's that 
                         So put away that toy pistol and shake 
                         hands." 
                     
                     
                         Costello's lips quivered slightly as he 
                         watched Sanders extend his hand. Then 
                         he shot Sanders through the heart. 
                     
                     
                         LYING alone in that strange room, Sand- 
                         ers was in a panic. How long he 
                         had been there he did not know. He had 
                         awakened a few minutes ago and tried to 
                         sit up. But he had been unable to do so. 
                         At first he had not been seriously per- 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 48 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         turbed. No doubt he was still numb with 
                         sleep. Within a few moments all his 
                         muscles would be thoroughly awake, and 
                         he would be able to rise. 
                     
                     
                         But seconds accumulated into minutes, 
                         and Sanders rapidly lost his confidence. 
                         Obviously something very strange was 
                         the matter with him. He had never been 
                         like this before. His head was perfectly 
                         clear. Yet his body remained numb, and 
                         his muscles would not respond to his 
                         commands. 
                     
                     
                         He had stared at one particular spot of 
                         ceiling many minutes before he became 
                         aware that he could stare at that spot and 
                         no other. He could not, try as he might, 
                         change the focus of his eyes. He could 
                         not even flicker his eyelashes. He must 
                         lie there, immobile, staring fixedly at that 
                         one spot of strange ceiling. 
                     
                     
                         Realization of this drove him into a 
                         rage. No prisoner bound fast by his most 
                         hated enemy could have been more an- 
                         gered by his predicament. 
                     
                     
                         Then, after a few seconds of this futile 
                         rage, Sanders controlled himself, called 
                         his reason to his rescue. He began to 
                         think, to trace his movements backward. 
                     
                     
                         A blinding flash. A sallow, sickly face. 
                         "So put away that toy" . . . "Ive only 
                         done my duty" . . . "Here, here, Cos- 
                         tello!" 
                     
                     
                         So he had been shot! That little fool, 
                         Costello, had really fired that tiny pistol. 
                         Sanders would have laughed, only his 
                         frozen muscles would not evoke laugh- 
                         ter. He felt not the least anger toward 
                         Costello. Being quite without a sense of 
                         justice, he had no excuse to bear malice. 
                     
                     
                         He forgot Costello at once, thought 
                         only of his present disconcerting state. 
                         Obviously the bullet from Costello's lit- 
                         tle gun had struck a vital spot in his 
                         nervous system and left him paralyzed. 
                         Despair staggered him. Would he be 
                         like this always, a paralytic charge? Per- 
                         haps not. Maybe he was only temporarily 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         stunned. But he must know the truth at 
                         once. 
                     
                     
                         Certainly there was a doctor or a nurse 
                         close by, for this strange room must be 
                         the room of a hospital. So Sanders de- 
                         cided at once to call out. 
                     
                     
                         But his lips did not move. His tongue 
                         lay immobile in his mouth. Again he be- 
                         came enraged. How was he to let anyone 
                         know that he had returned to conscious- 
                         ness? Why was no one about to look 
                         after him? A fine hospital this! Didn't 
                         the staff know any better than to leave 
                         alone a man so critically injured? 
                     
                     
                         Again and again, he tried to utter a 
                         cry for help. If only he could move his 
                         lips ever so little! But they were numb, in- 
                         capable of motion. He could only lie 
                         there and wait. 
                     
                     
                         HE DID not have to wait long. Foot- 
                         steps sounded in the corridor, and 
                         voices murmured. Probably a doctor and 
                         a nurse, Sanders decided. For a moment 
                         he endured agony, fearful lest they would 
                         go by the door of his room. Heaven be 
                         thanked! They were coming in. 
                     
                     
                         But the two who had entered did not 
                         approach him. They crossed the room 
                         and halted. Sanders tried to face them, 
                         but his neck remained rigid, his eyes re- 
                         fused to remove their focus from that 
                         spot of ceiling. He heard a familiar rasp- 
                         ing. One of the newcomers was dialing 
                         a number at the telephone close by. 
                     
                     
                         "Hello," said a coldly professional 
                         voice. "This is Doctor Asman. We're 
                         all through now, and you can come for 
                         the body any time. It's in the general 
                         receiving room, third from the left." A 
                         pause. "Very good. Either Gowans or I 
                         will be here--probably both." 
                     
                     
                         The receiver clattered in the hook. 
                     
                     
                         Sanders was puzzled. He knew Doctor 
                         Asman well. Asman was superintendent 
                         of the city morgue. 
                     
                 
                 W. T.--3 
             
             
                 
                 THE DEFENSE RESTS 49 
                 
                     
                     
                     
                         "Shouldn't we close his eyes?" asked 
                         a second voice. 
                     
                     
                         Sanders knew that voice, too. It was 
                         the voice of young Gowans, Asman's 
                         assistant. 
                     
                     
                         "It makes no difference," Asman re- 
                         plied. "The undertaker will take care of 
                         that when he comes." 
                     
                     
                         "But," insisted Gowans, "rigor mortis 
                         might set in by that time." 
                     
                     
                         "I don't think so. He's been here 
                         only two hours. The undertaker will ar- 
                         rive within an hour. There's plenty of 
                         time." 
                     
                     
                         "Maybe, but Sanders had worked hard 
                         all day. When a man talks a jury out of 
                         burning a rat like Padullo, he uses up a 
                         lot of energy. And such enervation would 
                         bring on rigor mortis plenty fast." 
                     
                     
                         "Well, let's have a look at him." 
                     
                     
                         The two men approached. 
                     
                     
                         Sanders lay dazed. He wasn't in a 
                         hospital. He was in the morgue. And 
                         these men thought he was dead! 
                     
                     
                         He, Sanders, dead? Impossible! He 
                         must show them that he was alive. Any- 
                         thing would do--the flutter of an eye- 
                         lash, the twitching of his fingers--any- 
                         thing. In a panic he exerted all his will 
                         to make some small movement. He tried 
                         to form words with his lips, to double 
                         his fingers. But this was quite impossible 
                         --it was as if he had forgotten how to 
                         move. 
                     
                     
                         He had a picture of himself lying there 
                         --naked, of course. So many times he 
                         had come here to look indifferently at 
                         the white bodies of the victims of the 
                         murderers he had been employed to de- 
                         fend. This thought, at the same time 
                         horrifying, was in one respect encourag- 
                         ing. Any movement that he might make 
                         would be noticed. He tried again. This 
                         time he would move his toes--certainly 
                         it would not be asking too much, just to 
                         wiggle his toes. Yet they did not move. 
                         Sanders struggled now, not to convince 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Asman and Gowans that he was alive, 
                         but to convince himself. 
                     
                     
                         The two physicians were feeling of his 
                         body now. He could not feel their hands, 
                         but he could catch part of their move- 
                         ments as they came within the range of 
                         his eyes. Now Asman was chucking him 
                         under the chin. 
                     
                     
                         "See how readily his mouth closes? 
                         Look at this." 
                     
                     
                         And Sanders' gaze swept the ceiling 
                         and came to rest on a shrouded figure 
                         close by as his head was turned. He could 
                         catch a glimpse of another white object 
                         beyond. "Third from the left." That 
                         was he, Sanders. He pictured himself as 
                         he must be, lying there, one member of 
                         a row of corpses. One of the corpses? 
                         Sanders was now taking this for granted. 
                     
                     
                         "I'll admit he's in pretty good shape 
                         right now, but you wait a few minutes. 
                         I've seen it happen too often. When a 
                         man's as mentally and physically ex- 
                         hausted as Sanders was when he was 
                         killed, rigor mortis is bound to come fast 
                         --and violently." 
                     
                     
                         "But not that fast. The undertaker 
                         will be here in plenty of time. He should 
                         congratulate himself on this job. Very 
                         neat; no mess. Did you ever see a cleaner 
                         hole? Right through the heart. Sanders 
                         was dead before he hit the ground." 
                     
                     
                         "Yes. He still looks surprized." 
                     
                     
                         "Even so, his face is still intelligent. 
                         A wonderful brain there, strong, wilful." 
                     
                     
                         "Yes," conceded Gowans, "but it 
                         doesn't mean a thing now. He'll never 
                         have another murderer acquitted. He's 
                         fooled his last jury." 
                     
                     
                         Asman sighed. 
                     
                     
                         "The Costello boy killed the only 
                         lawyer in town who could get him off. 
                         I understand he's hired Billy Williams 
                         to defend him. Well, Billy's a bright 
                         young fellow, but he's no Jason Sanders." 
                     
                     
                         "I'm afraid not. You know, I'd kind 
                         of like to see the Costello kid get off. If 
                     
                 
                 W. T.--4 
             
             
                 
                 50 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         the newspaper stories are true, he didn't 
                         kill Sanders for having Padullo acquitted, 
                         but because of the mud he threw at his 
                         sister during the trial." 
                     
                     
                         "Well, that's all in the game. The 
                         only way Sanders could get Padullo a 
                         Chinaman's chance was to make the jury 
                         lose sympathy for the girl. When they 
                         found out she was ten times as bad as 
                         the man that murdered her, they didn't 
                         feel a grudge against him." 
                     
                     
                         "But was she?" 
                     
                     
                         "Probably not. The Costello kid says 
                         all the evidence against her character was 
                         trumped up. He worshipped the girl, 
                         thought she was an angel. So he plugged 
                         Sanders." 
                     
                     
                         "And now he'll burn for it." 
                     
                     
                         "I suppose. Still, if Billy Williams 
                         can prove that Sanders' witnesses perjured 
                         themselves to ruin the girl's name, no 
                         jury in the world would convict the boy." 
                     
                     
                         "But how's he going to do it? Sanders 
                         was no fool. He wasn't the kind to leave 
                         loose ends for the grievance committee 
                         of the bar association to pick up. He'd 
                         played this game a hundred times before. 
                         He once told me that a murderer had one 
                         foot out of his cell when it could be 
                         shown that he was no worse than his 
                         victim. Said that was always the first 
                         thing he tried to do." 
                     
                     
                         "There's something in what you say," 
                         conceded Asman. "Take this case, now. 
                         D'you know what Sanders would do if 
                         he was defending Costello? He'd dig up 
                         a lot of witnesses that would convince a 
                         jury that he--Sanders, I mean--deserved 
                         killing. He'd show how he'd coached all 
                         his witnesses in the Padullo case to lie on 
                         the stand. There must be somebody 
                         somewhere who could tell the truth--but 
                         only Sanders knows where." 
                     
                     
                         "Well," said Gowans with a chuckle, 
                         "you can't expect Sanders to get his own 
                         murderer off." 
                     
                     
                         "No," Asman agreed. "That's a little 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         too much even for Sanders. Well, let's 
                         get out of here. We've got work to do." 
                     
                     
                         Asman started away. Before Gowans 
                         left he moved surreptitiously toward 
                         Sanders. Suddenly Sanders saw no more. 
                         Gowans had closed his eyes. Then both 
                         Asman and Gowans were gone. 
                     
                     
                         SANDERS made no effort to call after 
                         them. He understood the futility of 
                         that now. He was dead. A realist, he 
                         could no longer hope. He could only lie 
                         there and think. 
                     
                     
                         The whole content of his thinking was 
                         strangely reoriented. All his life his 
                         thought had been focused exclusively on 
                         himself. Absolute, unqualified selfish- 
                         ness--that was his ethics. If he inadvert- 
                         ently committed an unselfish act, that 
                         was cause for remorse, for an aching con- 
                         science. That was weakness, inexcusable 
                         weakness. On this ethical basis he had 
                         lived all the mature years of his life. 
                     
                     
                         But Jason Sanders was gone now, dead. 
                         No longer could he scheme cunningly 
                         for his personal advancement. His little 
                         ambitions struck him as trifling, utterly 
                         unimportant. He found it impossible to 
                         think of Jason Sanders save in the third 
                         person, objectively and impersonally. He 
                         was merely one of many faces that 
                         crowded his memory. 
                     
                     
                         Of these faces only one stood out 
                         clearly, in bold relief. That was the sal- 
                         low face of the boy, Costello. And he 
                         was inclined to think kindly of Costello, 
                         pityingly. The youth had been a fool. 
                         He had committed his crime openly in the 
                         sight of many men. He had killed to 
                         avenge a wrong, and for that he was to 
                         die. 
                     
                     
                         The two physicians had reasoned well. 
                         Despite the legal talents of Billy Wil- 
                         liams, he could not hope to untangle the 
                         maze of perjury that had successfully 
                         blasted the reputation of Maria Costello. 
                         It was true that there existed a key wit- 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 THE DEFENSE RESTS 51 
                 
                     
                     
                         ness who could conclusively prove this 
                         perjury, but only he, Sanders, knew his 
                         name or where to find him. Place him 
                         on the stand, and the world would know 
                         to what inexcusable lengths Sanders had 
                         gone to save his client. The last shred of 
                         sympathy for him would be gone. But 
                         only Sanders could locate this witness, 
                         and he was dead. 
                     
                     
                         As from the dim and remote past he 
                         recalled the gloating words of the district 
                         attorney, Roberts: "There will be one 
                         murderer you won't get off, and that will 
                         be your own!" And Jason Sanders would 
                         gladly have sacrificed all his famous court- 
                         room triumphs if only he could gain the 
                         acquittal of Costello, his murderer. 
                     
                     
                         This, he reflected bitterly, would be a 
                         very simple thing to do--if he were alive. 
                         But he lay shackled by death, powerless 
                         to use the knowledge at his command. 
                         Mechanically he planned the conduct of 
                         the case for the defense. He marshaled 
                         his facts, formulated his questions, sum- 
                         moned witnesses available only to him- 
                         self. At length the horrible irony of the 
                         situation weighed unendurably upon him 
                         and caused him to end this futile plan- 
                         ning. 
                     
                     
                         If only he could somehow communi- 
                         cate with Billy Williams, give him a few 
                         names and addresses! Given this informa- 
                         tion, Williams' whole case would unfold 
                         of itself and lie snugly in his lap. . . . 
                         The telephone close by. If only-- 
                     
                     
                         Then it happened, quickly and without 
                         warning. Sanders was quite unprepared. 
                         It seemed that the chains which had held 
                         him were smashed into bits. He bounded 
                         from the table, staggered on his feet. His 
                         eyes burst open, stared at the telephone 
                         on the wall. Without an instant's hesi- 
                         tancy he lunged forward and clasped the 
                         mouthpiece of the phone. Impelled by 
                         one fixed idea, he jerked the receiver 
                         from the hook, began frantically to dial. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         DOCTOR ASMAN stared at Billy Wil- 
                         liams with perplexity. 
                     
                     
                         "I'm sure you must be mistaken. 
                         Gowans and I have been right beside this 
                         phone for the last three-quarters of an 
                         hour. I assure you that we haven't once 
                         touched it. And no one has been inside 
                         this office except ourselves." 
                     
                     
                         Williams shrugged. "But I tell you I 
                         had the call traced. Whoever called left 
                         the receiver off the hook, and tracing was 
                         easy. They told me at the exchange that 
                         the call was made at the city morgue." 
                     
                     
                         Both Asman and Gowans gave Wil- 
                         liams a deprecating look. 
                     
                     
                         "After all, was the call so important?" 
                     
                     
                         "I don't know yet. Whoever called 
                         gave me a whole list of names and ad- 
                         dresses. I took them down just in case. 
                         I'd just been hired to defend Costello, 
                         you know, and I had a hunch this had 
                         something to do with it." 
                     
                     
                         "You didn't recognize the voice?" 
                     
                     
                         "No. Never heard a voice even re- 
                         motely like it." 
                     
                     
                         The three men sat silently, puzzled. 
                         Gowans suddenly looked up at his su- 
                         perior. 
                     
                     
                         "Say, what about that phone in the re- 
                         ceiving-room?" 
                     
                     
                         Asman cut him off short. "Nonsense. 
                         I've had my eye on that room ever since 
                         we left it. I've been on the lookout for 
                         the undertaker." 
                     
                     
                         Williams looked interested. "Is that 
                         the only other phone in the place?" 
                     
                     
                         Both Asman and Gowans nodded. The 
                         next instant they froze in their chairs as a 
                         horrible, weird wailing sounded through- 
                         out the morgue. Williams bounded to his 
                         feet. 
                     
                     
                         "My God! What's that?" 
                     
                     
                         Asman and Gowans rose shakily. The 
                         wailing, which continued as loud and as 
                         terrifying as ever, came from the receiv- 
                         ing-room. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 52 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         "Come on," snapped Asman, and he 
                         walked stolidly from the office. Shakily 
                         Gowans and Williams followed at his 
                         heels. 
                     
                     
                         The three men halted in the doorway 
                         of the receiving-room. Slowly their glazed 
                         eyes lost their fear, and their tense fea- 
                         tures relaxed into a grin. The weird 
                         wailing, which still continued, came from 
                         the receiver of the telephone. The ex- 
                         change had put on the howler to give 
                         warning that the receiver was off the 
                         hook. 
                     
                     
                         Gowans stepped quickly forward, then 
                         stopped short, uttering an exclamation. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         He turned to Asman and pointed at the 
                         thing at his feet. 
                     
                     
                         "See! I told you so! Rigor mortis! I 
                         told you it would be premature--and vio- 
                         lent. See--Sanders jumped clear off the 
                         table and almost to the phone. I wonder 
                         what--" 
                     
                     
                         He stared at the receiver, which hung 
                         suspended from its cord. 
                     
                     
                         Billy Williams, too, was staring at the 
                         receiver and at the doubled figure of Ja- 
                         son Sanders on the floor. Suddenly he 
                         turned on his heel and walked briskly 
                         outside to his car. He had to find out 
                         about those names and addresses at once. 
                         It couldn't be, but-- 
                     
                 
                 
                 
                     
                         The Messenger 
                     
                     
                         By  H. P. LOVECRAFT  
                     
                     The Thing, he said, would come that night at three  From the old churchyard on the hill below;  But crouching by an
                        oak fire's wholesome glow,  I tried to tell myself it could not be.  Surely, I mused, it was a pleasantry  Devised
                        by one who did not truly know  The Elder Sign, bequeathed from long ago,  That sets the fumbling forms of darkness
                        free.  He had not meant it--no--but still I lit  Another lamp as starry Leo climbed  Out of the Seekonk, and a
                        steeple chimed  Three--and the firelight faded, bit by bit.  Then at the door that cautious rattling came--  And the
                        mad truth devoured me like a flame! 
                 
             
             
                 
                 
                 
                     "There are things against which ordinary protection would not suffice." 
                 
                 
                     
                         The Black Drama 
                     
                     
                         By  GANS T. FIELD  
                     
                     
                         A strange weird story about the eery personality known as Verduk, who claimed descent from Lord Byron, and the hideous
                            doom that stalked his wake 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         The Story So Far 
                     
                     
                         GILBERT CONNATT, the narra- 
                         tor, once a motion picture idol 
                         but now penniless, is persuaded 
                         by Jake Switz, kindly utility man of the 
                         theatrical world, to accept a rle in the 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         play Ruthven, opposite Sigrid Holgar, 
                         Connatt's ex-sweetheart, who since her 
                         break with Connatt has become a glamor- 
                         ous film favorite. The play is being pro- 
                         duced by Varduk, mysterious new genius 
                         of the theater. Other players will include  
                 
                 This story began in WEIRD TALES for June 
                 
                 53 
             
             
                 
                 54 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         Elmo Davidson, Varduk's Man Friday, 
                         and Martha Vining, character actress. 
                     
                     
                         Ruthven is announced as the lost vam- 
                         pire-demon drama of Lord Byron, and 
                         its authenticity is vouched for by Judge 
                         Keith Pursuivant, antiquary and occult- 
                         ist, who is convinced that the writing is 
                         genuinely Byron's, therefore more than 
                         a century old; however, he tells Connatt 
                         that the paper on which the play is writ- 
                         ten was watermarked less than ten years 
                         previously. 
                     
                     
                         The play is to open in July at the Lake 
                         Jozgid Summer Theater, among upstate 
                         New York forests. Connatt arrives, ac- 
                         companied by Judge Pursuivant, who is 
                         vacationing near by. Jake, meeting Con- 
                         natt, tells a disquieting story of how he 
                         and Sigrid were attacked and almost 
                         overcome at night by strange, half-defined 
                         shapes. 
                     
                     
                         The story continues: 
                     
                     
                         6. The Theater in the Forest 
                     
                     
                         JAKE'S narrative did not give me cheer- 
                         ful expectations of the Lake Jozgid 
                         Theater. It was just as well, for my first 
                         glimpse of the place convinced me that 
                         it was the exact setting for a play of 
                         morbid unreality.  
                     
                         The road beyond Pursuivant's cabin 
                         was narrow but not too bad. Jake, driv- 
                         ing nimbly over its sanded surface, told 
                         me that we might thank the public works 
                         program for its good condition. In one 
                         or two places, as I think I have said 
                         already, the way was cut deeply between 
                         knolls or bluffs, and here it was gloomy 
                         and almost sunless. Too, the woods 
                         thickened to right and left, with taller 
                         and taller, ranks of trees at the roadside. 
                         Springtime's leafage made the trees seem 
                         vigorous, but not exactly cheerful; I fan- 
                         cied that they were endowed with intel- 
                         ligence and the power of motion, and that 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         they awaited only our passing before they 
                         moved out to block the open way be- 
                         hind us. 
                     
                     
                         From this sand-surfaced road there 
                         branched eventually a second, and even 
                         narrower and darker, that dipped down a 
                         thickly timbered slope. We took a rather 
                         difficult curve at the bottom and came out 
                         almost upon the shore of the lake, with 
                         the old lodge and its outbuildings in plain 
                         view. 
                     
                     
                         These structures were in the best of 
                         repair, but appeared intensely dark and 
                         weathered, as though the afternoon sky 
                         shed a brownish light upon them. The 
                         lodge that was now the theater stood 
                         clear in the center of the sizable cleared 
                         space, although lush-looking clumps and 
                         belts of evergreen scrub grew almost 
                         against the sheds and the boathouse. I 
                         was enough of an observer to be aware 
                         that the deep roofs were of stout ax-cut 
                         shingles, and that the heavy timbers of 
                         the walls were undoubtedly seasoned for 
                         an age. The windows were large but 
                         deep-set in their sturdy frames. Those 
                         who call windows the eyes of a house 
                         would have thought that these eyes were 
                         large enough, but well able to conceal 
                         the secrets and feelings within. 
                     
                     
                         As we emerged from the car, I felt 
                         rather than saw an onlooker. Varduk 
                         stood in the wide front door of the lodge 
                         building. Neither Jake nor I could agree 
                         later whether he had opened the door 
                         himself and appeared, whether he had 
                         stepped into view with the door already 
                         open, or whether he had been standing 
                         there all the time. His slender, elegant 
                         figure was dressed in dark jacket and 
                         trousers, with a black silk scarf draped 
                         Ascot fashion at his throat, just as he 
                         had worn at his hotel in New York. 
                         When he saw that we were aware of him, 
                         he lifted a white hand in greeting and 
                         descended two steps to meet us coming 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 THE BLACK DRAMA 55 
                 
                     
                     
                         toward him. I offered him my hand, and 
                         he gave it a quick, sharp pressure, as 
                         though he were investigating the texture 
                         of my flesh and bone. 
                     
                     
                         "I am glad to see you here so soon, 
                         Mr. Connatt," he said cordially. "Now 
                         we need wait only for Miss Vining, who 
                         should arrive before dark. Miss Holgar 
                         came yesterday, and Davidson this morn- 
                         ing." 
                     
                     
                         "There will be only the six of us, 
                         then?" I asked. 
                     
                     
                         He nodded his chestnut curls. "A care- 
                         taker will come here each day, to prepare 
                         lunch and dinner and to clean. He lives 
                         several miles up the road, and will spend 
                         his nights at home. But we of the play 
                         itself will be in residence, and we alone 
                         --a condition fully in character, I feel, 
                         with the attitude of mystery and reserve 
                         we have assumed toward our interesting 
                         production. For breakfasts, Davidson 
                         will be able to look after us." 
                     
                     
                         "Huh!" grunted Jake. "That Davidson 
                         can act, manage, stage-hand, cook--he 
                         does everything." 
                     
                     
                         "Almost everything," said Varduk 
                         dryly, and his eyes turned long and ex- 
                         pressionlessly upon my friend, who im- 
                         mediately subsided. In the daylight I saw 
                         that Varduk's eyes were hazel; on the 
                         night I had met him at his hotel they 
                         had seemed thunder-dark. 
                     
                     
                         "You, too, are considered useful at 
                         many things around the theater, Switz," 
                         Varduk continued. "I took that into con- 
                         sideration when Miss Holgar, though she 
                         left her maid behind, insisted on includ- 
                         ing you in the company. I daresay, we can 
                         depend on you to help Davidson with the 
                         staging and so on." 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, yes, sure," Jake made reply. "Cer- 
                         tainly. Miss Holgar, she wants me to do 
                         that." 
                     
                     
                         "Very good." Varduk turned on the 
                         heel of his well-polished boot. "Sup- 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         pose," he added over his shoulder, "that 
                         you take Mr. Connatt up to the loft of the 
                         boathouse. Mr. Connatt, do you mind 
                         putting up with Switz?" 
                     
                     
                         "Not in the least," I assured him read- 
                         ily, and took up two of my bags. Jake 
                         had already lifted the third and heaviest. 
                     
                     
                         We nodded to Varduk and skirted the 
                         side of the lodge, walked down to the 
                         water, then entered the boathouse. It was 
                         a simple affair of well-chinked logs. Two 
                         leaky-looking canoes still occupied the 
                         lower part of it, but we picked our way 
                         past them and ascended a sturdy staircase 
                         to a loft under the peaked roof. This 
                         had been finished with wall-board and 
                         boasted a window at each end. Two cots, 
                         a rug, a wash-stand, a table and several 
                         chairs made it an acceptable sleeping- 
                         apartment. 
                     
                     
                         "This theater is half-way to the never- 
                         never land," I commented as I began to 
                         unpack. 
                     
                     
                         "I should live so--I never saw the like 
                         of it," Jake said earnestly. "How are 
                         people going to find their way here? Yes- 
                         terday I began to talk about signs by the 
                         side of the road. Right off at once, Var- 
                         duk said no. I begged like a poor rela- 
                         tion left out of his uncle's will. Finally 
                         he said yes--but the signs must be small 
                         and dignified, and put up only a day be- 
                         fore the show begins." 
                     
                     
                         I wanted to ask a question about his 
                         adventure of the previous night, but 
                         Jake shook his head in refusal to discuss 
                         it. "Not here," he said. "Gib, who 
                         knows who may be listening?" He 
                         dropped his voice. "Or even what might 
                         be listening?" 
                     
                     
                         I lapsed into silence and got out old 
                         canvas sneakers, flannel slacks and a Nor- 
                         folk jacket, and changed into them. 
                         Dressed in this easy manner, I left the 
                         boathouse and stood beside the lake. At 
                         once a voice hailed me. Sigrid was walk- 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 56 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         ing along the water's edge, smiling in 
                         apparent delight. 
                     
                     
                         WE CAME face to face; I bent to kiss 
                         her hand. As once before, it flut- 
                         tered under my lips, but when I straight- 
                         ened again I saw nothing of distaste or 
                         unsteadiness in her expression. 
                     
                     
                         "Gib, how nice that you're here!" she 
                         cried. "Do you like the place?" 
                     
                     
                         "I haven't seen very much of it yet," I 
                         told her. "I want to see the inside of the 
                         theater." 
                     
                     
                         She took her hand away from me and 
                         thrust it into the pocket of the old white 
                         sweater she wore. "I think that I love it 
                         here," she said, with an air of gay confes- 
                         sion. "Not all of the hermit stories about 
                         me are lies. I could grow truly fat--God 
                         save the mark!--on quiet and serenity." 
                     
                     
                         "Varduk pleases you, too?" I sug- 
                         gested. 
                     
                     
                         "He has more understanding than any 
                         other theatrical executive in my experi- 
                         ence," she responded emphatically. "He 
                         fills me with the wish to work. I'm like 
                         a starry-eyed beginner again. What would 
                         you say if I told you that I was sweeping 
                         my own room and making my own bed?" 
                     
                     
                         "I would say that you were the most 
                         charming housemaid in the world." 
                     
                     
                         Her laughter was full of delight. "You 
                         sound as if you mean it, Gib. It is nice 
                         to know you as a friend again." 
                     
                     
                         It seemed to me that she emphasized 
                         the word "friend" a trifle, as though to 
                         warn me that our relationship would 
                         nevermore become closer than that. 
                         Changing the subject, I asked her if she 
                         had swum in the lake; she had, and found 
                         it cold. How about seeing the theater? 
                         Together we walked toward the lodge 
                         and entered at a side door. 
                     
                     
                         The auditorium was as Jake had de- 
                         scribed it to me, and I saw that Varduk 
                         liked a dark tone. He had stained the 
                         paneling, the benches, and the beams a 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         dark brown. Brown, too, was the heavy 
                         curtain that hid the stage. 
                     
                     
                         "We'll be there tonight," said Sigrid, 
                         nodding stageward. "Varduk has called 
                         the first rehearsal for immediately after 
                         dinner. We eat together, of course, in a 
                         big room upstairs." 
                     
                     
                         "May I sit next to you when we eat?" 
                         I asked, and she laughed yet again. She 
                         was being as cheerful as I had ever known 
                         her to be. 
                     
                     
                         "You sound like the student-hero in a 
                         light opera, Gib, I don't know about the 
                         seating-arrangement. Last night I was at 
                         the head of the table, and Varduk at the 
                         foot. Jake and Mr. Davidson were at 
                         either side of me." 
                     
                     
                         "I shall certainly arrive before one or 
                         the other of them," I vowed solemnly. 
                     
                     
                         Varduk had drifted in as we talked, 
                         and he chuckled at my announcement. 
                     
                     
                         "A gallant note, Mr. Connatt, and one 
                         that I hope you can capture as pleasantly 
                         for the romantic passages of our Ruthven. 
                         By the bye, our first rehearsal will take 
                         place this evening." 
                     
                     
                         "So Miss Holgar has told me," I nod- 
                         ded. "I have studied the play rather 
                         prayerfully since Davidson gave me a 
                         copy. I hope I'm not a disappointment 
                         in it." 
                     
                     
                         "I am sure that you will not be," he 
                         said kindly. "I did not choose disappoint- 
                         ing people for my cast." 
                     
                     
                         Davidson entered from the front, to 
                         say that Martha Vining had arrived. Var- 
                         duk moved away, stiff in his walk as I 
                         had observed before. Sigrid and I went 
                         through the side door and back into the 
                         open. 
                     
                     
                         That evening I kept my promise to find 
                         a place by Sigrid at the table. Davidson, 
                         entering just behind me, looked a trifle 
                         chagrined but sat at my other side, with 
                         Martha Vining opposite. The dinner was 
                         good, with roast mutton, salad and apple 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 THE BLACK DRAMA 57 
                 
                     
                     
                         tart. I thought of Judge Pursuivant's 
                         healthy appetite as I ate. 
                     
                     
                         After the coffee, Varduk nodded to the 
                         old man who served as caretaker, cook 
                         and waiter, as in dismissal. Then the 
                         producer's hazel eyes turned to Sigrid, 
                         who took her cue and rose. We did like- 
                         wise. 
                     
                     
                         "Shall we go down to the stage?" Var- 
                         duk said to us. "It's time for our first 
                         effort with Ruthven." 
                     
                     
                         7. Rehearsal 
                     
                     
                         WE WENT down a back stairway that 
                         brought us to the empty stage. A 
                         light was already burning, and I remem- 
                         ber well that my first impression was of 
                         the stage's narrowness and considerable 
                         depth. Its back was of plaster over the 
                         outer timbers, but at either side partitions 
                         of paneling had been erected to enclose 
                         the cell-like dressing-rooms. One of the 
                         doors bore a star of white paint, evidently 
                         for Sigrid. Against the back wall leaned 
                         several open frames of wood, with rolls 
                         of canvas lying ready to be tacked on and 
                         painted into scenery. 
                     
                     
                         Varduk had led the way down the 
                         stairs, and at the foot he paused to call 
                         upward to Davidson, who remained at 
                         the rear of the procession. "Fetch some 
                         chairs," he ordered, and the tall subordi- 
                         nate paused to gather them. He carried 
                         down six at once, his long strong arms 
                         threaded through their open backs. Var- 
                         duk showed him with silent gestures 
                         where to arrange them, and himself led 
                         Sigrid to the midmost of them, upstage 
                         center. 
                     
                     
                         "Sit down, all," he said to the rest of 
                         us. "Curtain, Davidson." He waited 
                         while the heavy pall rolled ponderously 
                         upward against the top of the arch. 
                         "Have you got your scripts, ladies and 
                         gentlemen?" 
                     
                     
                         We all had, but his hands were empty. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         I started to offer him my copy, but he 
                         waved it away with thanks. "I know the 
                         thing by heart," he informed me, though 
                         with no air of boasting. Remaining still 
                         upon his feet, he looked around our 
                         seated array, capturing every eye and at- 
                         tention. 
                     
                     
                         "The first part of Ruthven is, as we 
                         know already, in iambic pentameter--the 
                         'heroic verse' that was customary and 
                         even expected in dramas of Byron's day. 
                         However, he employs here his usual trick 
                         of breaking the earlier lines up into short, 
                         situation-building speeches. No long and 
                         involved declamations, as in so many 
                         creaky tragedies of his fellows. He wrote 
                         the same sort of opening scenes for his 
                         plays the world has already seen per- 
                         formed--Werner, The Two Foscari, Ma- 
                         rino Faliero and The Deformed Trans- 
                         formed." 
                     
                     
                         Martha Vining cleared her throat. 
                         "Doesn't Manfred begin with a long, 
                         measured soliloquy by the central char- 
                         acter?" 
                     
                     
                         "It does," nodded Varduk. "I am 
                         gratified, Miss Vining, to observe that 
                         you have been studying something of 
                         Byron's work." He paused, and she bri- 
                         dled in satisfaction. "However," he con- 
                         tinued, somewhat maliciously, "you would 
                         be well advised to study farther, and learn 
                         that Byron stated definitely that Manfred 
                         was not written for the theater. But, re- 
                         turning to Ruthven, with which work we 
                         are primarily concerned, the short, lively 
                         exchanges at the beginning are Aubrey's 
                         and Malvina's." He quoted from memory. 
                         "'Scene, Malvina's garden. Time, late 
                         afternoon--Aubrey, sitting at Malvina's 
                         feet, tells his adventures.' Very good, 
                         Mr. Connatt, take your place at Miss 
                         Holgar's feet." 
                     
                     
                         I did so, and she smiled in comradely 
                         fashion while waiting for the others to 
                         drag their chairs away. Glancing at our 
                         scripts, we began: 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 58 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         "I'm no Othello, darling."  
                     
                         "Yet I am 
                         Your Desdemona. Tell me of your 
                         travels." 
                     
                     
                         "Of Anthropophagi?" 
                     
                     
                         "'And men whose heads 
                         do grow beneath--'" 
                     
                     
                         "I saw no such, 
                         Not in all wildest Greece and Mace- 
                         don." 
                     
                     
                         "Saw you no spirits?" 
                     
                     
                         "None, Malvina--none." 
                     
                     
                         "Not even the vampire, he who quaffs 
                         the blood 
                         Of life, that he may live in death?" 
                     
                     
                         "Not I. 
                         How do you know that tale?" 
                     
                     
                         "I've read 
                         In old romances--" 
                     
                     
                         "Capital, capital," interrupted Varduk 
                         pleasantly. "I know that the play is writ- 
                         ten in a specific meter, yet you need not 
                         speak as though it were. If anything, 
                         make the lines less rhythmic and more 
                         matter-of-fact. Remember, you are young 
                         lovers, half bantering as you woo. Let 
                         your audience relax with you. Let it feel 
                         the verse form without actually hearing." 
                     
                     
                         We continued, to the line where 
                         Aubrey tells of his travel-acquaintance 
                         Ruthven. Here the speech became defi- 
                         nite verse: 
                     
                     
                         "He is a friend who charms, but does 
                         not cheer, 
                         One who commands, but comforts not, 
                         the world. 
                         I do not doubt but women find him 
                         handsome, 
                         Yet hearts must be uneasy at his 
                         glance." 
                     
                     
                         Malvina asks: 
                     
                     
                         "His glance? Is it so piercing when it 
                         strikes?" 
                     
                     
                         And Aubrey: 
                     
                     
                         "It does not pierce--indeed, it rather 
                         weighs, 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Like lead, upon the face where it is 
                         fixed." 
                     
                     
                         Followed the story, which I have out- 
                         lined elsewhere, of the encounter with 
                         bandits and Ruthven's apparent sacrifice 
                         of himself to cover Aubrey's retreat. 
                         Then Martha Vining, as the maid Brid- 
                         get, spoke to announce Ruthven's coming, 
                         and upon the heels of her speech Varduk 
                         moved stiffly toward us. 
                     
                     
                         "Aubrey!" he cried, in a rich, ringing 
                         tone such as fills theaters, and not at all 
                         like his ordinary gentle voice. I made my 
                         due response: 
                     
                     
                         "Have you lived, Ruthven? But the 
                         horde 
                         Of outlaw warriors compassed you and 
                         struck--" 
                     
                     
                         In the rle of Ruthven, Varduk's in- 
                         terruption was as natural and decisive as 
                         when, in ordinary conversation, he neatly 
                         cut another's speech in two with a remark 
                         of his own. I have already quoted this 
                         reply of Ruthven's: 
                     
                     
                         "I faced them, and who seeks my face 
                         seeks death." 
                     
                     
                         He was speaking the line, of course, 
                         without script, and his eyes held mine. 
                         Despite myself, I almost staggered under 
                         the weight of his glance. It was like that 
                         which Aubrey actually credits to Ruthven 
                         --lead-heavy instead of piercing, difficult 
                         to support. 
                     
                     
                         The rehearsal went on, with Ruthven's 
                         seduction of Bridget and his court to the 
                         nervous but fascinated Malvina. In the 
                         end, as I have synopsized earlier, came 
                         his secret and miraculous revival from 
                         seeming death. Varduk delivered the 
                         final rather terrifying speech magnifi- 
                         cently, and then abruptly doffed his Ruth- 
                         ven manner to smile congratulations all 
                         around. 
                     
                     
                         "It's more than a month to our open- 
                         ing date in July," he said, "and yet I 
                         would be willing to present this play as a 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 THE BLACK DRAMA 59 
                 
                     
                     
                         finished play, no later than this day week. 
                         Miss Holgar, may I voice my special ap- 
                         preciation? Mr. Connatt, your confessed 
                         fear of your own inadequacy is proven 
                         groundless. Bravo, Miss Vining--and 
                         you, Davidson." His final tag of praise 
                         to his subordinate seemed almost grudg- 
                         ing. "Now for the second act of the 
                         thing. No verse this time, my friends. 
                         Finish the rehearsal as well as you have 
                         begun." 
                     
                     
                         "Wait," I said. "How about proper- 
                         ties? I simulated the club-stroke in the 
                         first act, but this time I need a sword. 
                         For the sake of feeling the action bet- 
                         ter--" 
                     
                     
                         "Yes, of course," granted Varduk. 
                         "There's one in the corner dressing- 
                         room." He pointed. "Go fetch it, David- 
                         son." 
                     
                     
                         Davidson complied. The sword was a 
                         cross-hilt affair, old but keen and bright. 
                     
                     
                         "This isn't a prop at all," I half ob- 
                         jected. "It's the real thing. Won't it be 
                         dangerous?" 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, I think we can risk it," Varduk 
                         replied carelessly. "Let's get on with the 
                         rehearsal. A hundred years later, in the 
                         same garden. Swithin and Mary, descend- 
                         ants of Aubrey and Malvina, on stage." 
                     
                     
                         WE CONTINUED. The opening, again 
                         with Sigrid and myself a-wooing, 
                         was lively and even brilliant. Martha 
                         Vining, in her rle of the centenarian 
                         Bridget, skilfully cracked her voice and 
                         infused a witch-like quality into her tell- 
                         ing of the Aubrey-Ruthven tale. Again 
                         the entrance of Ruthven, his suavity and 
                         apparent friendliness, his manner chang- 
                         ing as he is revealed as the resurrected 
                         fiend of another age; finally the clash with 
                         me, as Swithin. 
                     
                     
                         I spoke my line--"My ancestor killed 
                         you once, Ruthven. I can do the same 
                         today." Then I poked at him with the 
                         sword. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Varduk smiled and interjected, "Rather 
                         a languid thrust, that, Mr. Connatt. Do 
                         you think it will seem serious from the 
                         viewpoint of our audience?" 
                     
                     
                         "I'm sorry," I said. "I was afraid I 
                         might hurt you." 
                     
                     
                         "Fear nothing, Mr. Connatt. Take the 
                         speech and the swordplay again." 
                     
                     
                         I did so, but he laughed almost in 
                         scorn. "You still put no life into the 
                         thrust." He spread his hands, as if to 
                         offer himself as a target. "Once more. 
                         Don't be an old woman." 
                     
                     
                         Losing a bit of my temper, I made a 
                         genuine lunge. My right foot glided for- 
                         ward and my weight shifted to follow my 
                         point. But in mid-motion I knew myself 
                         for a danger-dealing fool, tried to re- 
                         cover, failed, and slipped. 
                     
                     
                         I almost fell at full length--would 
                         have fallen had Varduk not been stand- 
                         ing in my way. My sword-point, com- 
                         pletely out of control, drove at the center 
                         of his breast--I felt it tear through cloth, 
                         through flesh-- 
                     
                     
                         A moment later his slender hands had 
                         caught my floundering body and pushed 
                         it back upon its feet. My sword, wedged 
                         in something, snatched its hilt from my 
                         hand. Sick and horrified, I saw it pro- 
                         truding from the midst of Varduk's body. 
                         Behind me I heard the choked squeal of 
                         Martha Vining, and an oath from Jake 
                         Switz. I swayed, my vision seemed to 
                         swim in smoky liquid, and I suppose I 
                         was well on the way to an unmasculine 
                         swoon. But a light chuckle, in Varduk's 
                         familiar manner, saved me from collaps- 
                         ing. 
                     
                     
                         "That is exactly the way to do it, Mr. 
                         Connatt," he said in a tone of well-bred 
                         applause. 
                     
                     
                         He drew the steel free--I think that he 
                         had to wrench rather hard--and then 
                         stepped forward to extend the hilt. 
                     
                     
                         "There's blood on it," I mumbled 
                         sickly. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 60 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, that?" he glanced down at the 
                         blade. "Just a deceit for the sake of real- 
                         ism. You arranged the false-blood device 
                         splendidly, Davidson." He pushed the 
                         hilt into my slack grasp. "Look, the imi- 
                         tation gore is already evaporating." 
                     
                     
                         So it was, like dew on a hot stone. 
                         Already the blade shone bright and clean. 
                     
                     
                         "Very good," said Varduk. "Climax 
                         now. Miss Holgar, I think it is your 
                         line." 
                     
                     
                         She, too, had been horrified by the 
                         seeming catastrophe, but she came gamely 
                         up to the bit where Mary pleads for Swi- 
                         thin's life, offering herself as the price. 
                         Half a dozen exchanges between Ruthven 
                         and Mary, thus: 
                     
                     
                         "You give yourself up, then?" 
                     
                     
                         "I do." 
                     
                     
                         "You renounce your former manners, 
                         hopes and wishes?" 
                     
                     
                         "I do." 
                     
                     
                         "You will swear so, upon the book 
                         yonder?" (Here Ruthven points to a 
                         Bible, open on the garden-seat.) 
                     
                     
                         "I do." (Mary touches the Bible.) 
                     
                     
                         "You submit to the powers I repre- 
                         sent?" 
                     
                     
                         "I know only the power to which 
                         I pray. 'Our Father, which wert in 
                         heaven--' " 
                     
                     
                         Sigrid, as I say, had done well up to 
                         now, but here she broke off. "It isn't 
                         correct there," she pointed out. "The 
                         prayer should read, 'art in heaven.' Per- 
                         haps the script was copied wrongly." 
                     
                     
                         "No," said Martha Vining. "It's wert 
                         in heaven' on mine." 
                     
                     
                         "And on mine," I added. 
                     
                     
                         Varduk had frowned a moment, as if 
                         perplexed, but he spoke decisively. "As 
                         a matter of fact, it's in the original. By- 
                         ron undoubtedly meant it to be so, to 
                         show Mary's agitation." 
                     
                     
                         Sigrid had been reading ahead. "Far- 
                         ther down in the same prayer, it says 
                         almost the same thing--'Thy will be done 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         on earth as it was in heaven.' It should 
                         be, 'is in heaven.'" 
                     
                     
                         I had found the same deviation in my 
                         own copy. "Byron hardly meant Mary's 
                         agitation to extend so far," I argued. 
                     
                     
                         "Since when, Mr. Connatt," inquired 
                         Varduk silkily, "did you become an au- 
                         thority on what Byron meant, here or 
                         elsewhere in his writings? You're being, 
                         not only a critic, but a clairvoyant." 
                     
                     
                         I felt my cheeks glowing, and I met his 
                         heavy, mocking gaze as levelly as I could. 
                         "I don't like sacrilegious mistakes," I 
                         said, "and I don't like being snubbed, 
                         sir." 
                     
                     
                         Davidson stepped to Varduk's side, 
                         "You can't talk to him like that, Con- 
                         natt," he warned me. 
                     
                     
                         Davidson was a good four inches taller 
                         than I, and more muscular, but at the 
                         moment I welcomed the idea of fightirfg 
                         him. I moved a step forward. 
                     
                     
                         "Mr. Davidson," I said to him, "I 
                         don't welcome dictation from you, not on 
                         anything I choose to do or say." 
                     
                     
                         Sigrid cried out in protest, and Varduk 
                         lifted up a hand. He smiled, too, in a 
                         dazzling manner. 
                     
                     
                         "I think," he said in sudden good hu- 
                         mor, "that we are all tired and shaken. 
                         Perhaps it's due to the unintentional 
                         realism of that incident with the sword-- 
                         I saw several faces grow pale. Suppose 
                         we say that the rehearsals won't include 
                         so dangerous-looking an attack hereafter; 
                         we'll save the trick for the public per- 
                         formance itself. And we'll stop work 
                         now; in any case, it's supposed to be 
                         unlucky to speak the last line of a play 
                         in rehearsal. Shall we all go and get 
                         some rest?" 
                     
                     
                         He turned to Sigrid and offered his 
                         arm. She took it, and they walked side 
                         by side out of the stage door and away. 
                         Martha Vining followed at their heels, 
                         while Davidson lingered to turn out the 
                         lights. Jake and I left together for our 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 THE BLACK DRAMA 61 
                 
                     
                     
                         own boathouse loft. The moon was up, 
                         and I jumped when leaves shimmered in 
                         its light--I remembered Jake's story 
                         about the amorphous lurkers in the thick- 
                         ets. 
                     
                     
                         But nothing challenged us, and we 
                         went silently to bed, though I, at least, 
                         lay wakeful for hours. 
                     
                     
                         8. Pursuivant Again 
                     
                     
                         WHEN finally I slept, it was to dream 
                         in strange, unrelated flashes. The 
                         clearest impression of all was that Sigrid 
                         and Judge Pursuivant came to lead me 
                         deep into the dark woods beyond the 
                         lodge. They seemed to know their way 
                         through pathless thickets, and finally 
                         beckoned me to follow into a deep, shad- 
                         owed cleft between banks of earth. We 
                         descended for miles, I judged in my 
                         dream, until we came to a bare, hard 
                         floor at the bottom. Here was a wide, 
                         round hatchway of metal, like a very 
                         large sewer lid. Bidding me watch, Sig- 
                         rid and the judge bent and tugged the lid 
                         up and away. Gazing down the exposed 
                         shaft, it was as if I saw the heavens be- 
                         neath my feet--the fathomlessness of the 
                         night sky, like velvet all sprinkled with 
                         crumbs of star-fire. I did not know 
                         whether to be joyful or to fear; then I 
                         had awakened, and it was bright morn- 
                         ing. 
                     
                     
                         The air was warmer than it had been 
                         the day before, and I donned bathing- 
                         trunks and went downstairs, treading 
                         softly to let Jake snore blissfully on. 
                         Almost at the door of the boathouse I 
                         came face to face with Davidson, who 
                         smiled disarmingly and held out his hand. 
                         He urged me to forget the brief hostility 
                         that had come over us at rehearsal; he 
                         was quite unforced and cheerful about it, 
                         yet I surmised that Varduk had bade him 
                         make peace with me. However, I agreed 
                         that we had both been tired and upset, 
                         and we shook hands cordially. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Then I turned toward the water, and 
                         saw Sigrid lazily crawling out into the 
                         deep stretches with long, smooth strokes. 
                         I called her name, ran in waist-deep, and 
                         swam as swiftly as I could, soon catching 
                         up. She smiled in welcome and turned 
                         on her side to say good-morning. In her 
                         brief bathing-suit she did not look so 
                         gaunt and fragile. Her body was no more 
                         than healthily slim, and quite firm and 
                         strong-looking. 
                     
                     
                         As we swam easily, I was impelled to 
                         speak of my dream, and she smiled again. 
                     
                     
                         "I think that was rather beautiful, I 
                         mean about the heavens below your feet," 
                         she said. "Symbolism might have some- 
                         thing to say about it. In a way the vision 
                         was prophetic--Judge Pursuivant has sent 
                         word that he will call on us." 
                     
                     
                         "Perhaps the rest was prophetic, too,"1 
                         I ventured boldly. "You and I together, 
                         Sigrid--and heaven at our feet--" 
                     
                     
                         "I've been in long enough," she an- 
                         nounced suddenly, "and breakfast must 
                         be ready. Come on, Gib, race me back 
                         to shore." 
                     
                     
                         She was off like a trout, and I churned 
                         after her. We finished neck and neck, 
                         separated and went away to dress. At 
                         breakfast, which Davidson prepared sim- 
                         ply but well of porridge, toast and eggs, 
                         I did not get to sit next to Sigrid; David- 
                         son and Jake had found places at her left 
                         and right hands. I paid what attentions 
                         I could devise to Martha Vining, but if 
                         Sigrid was piqued by my courtliness in 
                         another direction, she gave no sign. 
                     
                     
                         THE meal over, I returned to my; 
                         room, secured my copy of Ruthven 
                         and carried it outdoors to study. I chose 
                         a sun-drenched spot near the lodge, set 
                         my back to a tree, and leafed through 
                         the play, underlining difficult passages 
                         here and there. I remembered Varduk's 
                         announcement that we would never speak 
                         the play's last line in rehearsal, lest bad 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 62 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         luck fall. He was superstitious, for all 
                         his apparent wisdom and culture; yet, 
                         according to the books Judge Pursuivant 
                         had lent me, so was Lord Byron, from 
                         whom Varduk claimed descent. What 
                         was the ill-omened last line, by the way? 
                     
                     
                         I turned to the last page of the script. 
                     
                     
                         The final line, as typewritten by Dav- 
                         idson, contained only a few words. My 
                         eyes found it: 
                     
                     
                         "Ruthven (placing his hand on 
                         Mary's head):" 
                     
                     
                         And no more than that. There was 
                         place for a speech after the stage direc- 
                         tion, apparently the monster's involun- 
                         tary cry for blessing upon the brave girl, 
                         but Davidson had not set down such a 
                         speech. 
                     
                     
                         Amazed and in some unaccountable 
                         way uneasy, I walked around the corner 
                         of the lodge to where Martha Vining, 
                         seated on the door-step, also studied her 
                         lines. Before I had finished my first ques- 
                         tion, she nodded violently. 
                     
                     
                         "It's the same way on my script," she 
                         informed me. "You mean, the last speech 
                         missing. I noticed last night, and men- 
                         tioned it before breakfast to Miss Holgar. 
                         She has no last line, either." 
                     
                     
                         A soft chuckle drifted down upon us. 
                         Varduk had come to the open door. 
                     
                     
                         "Davidson must have made a careless 
                         omission," he said. "Of course, there is 
                         only one typescript of the play, with car- 
                         bon copies. Well, if the last line is miss- 
                         ing, isn't it a definite sign that we should 
                         not speak it in rehearsal?" 
                     
                     
                         He rested his heavy gaze upon me, 
                         then upon Martha Vining, smiled to con- 
                         clude the discussion, and drew back into 
                         the hallway and beyond our sight. 
                     
                     
                         Perhaps I may be excused for not feel- 
                         ing completely at rest on the subject. 
                     
                     
                         Judge Pursuivant arrived for lunch, 
                         dressed comfortably in flannels and a 
                         tweed jacket, and his performance at 
                         table was in healthy contrast to Varduk, 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         who, as usual, ate hardly anything. In the 
                         early afternoon I induced the judge to 
                         come for a stroll up the slope and along 
                         the main road. As soon as we were well 
                         away from the lodge, I told him of Jake's 
                         adventure, the outcome of the sword- 
                         accident at rehearsal, and the air of mys- 
                         tery that deepened around the omitted 
                         final speech of the play. 
                     
                     
                         "Perhaps I'm being nervous and illu- 
                         sion-ridden," I began to apologize in con- 
                         clusion, but he shook his great head. 
                     
                     
                         "You're being nothing of the sort, 
                         Connatt. Apparently my semi-psychic in- 
                         tuition was good as gold. I did perfectly 
                         right in following this drama and its com- 
                         pany out here into the wilderness." 
                     
                     
                         "You came deliberately?" I asked, and 
                         he nodded. 
                     
                     
                         "My friend's cabin in the neighbor- 
                         hood was a stroke of good luck, and I 
                         more than half courted the invitation to 
                         occupy it. I'll be frank, Connatt, and say 
                         that from the outset I have felt a definite 
                         and occult challenge from Varduk and his 
                         activities." 
                     
                     
                         He chopped at a weed with his big 
                         malacca stick, pondered a moment, then 
                         continued. 
                     
                     
                         "Your Mr. Varduk is a mysterious fel- 
                         low. I need not enlarge on that, though 
                         I might remind you of the excellent rea- 
                         son for his strange character and be- 
                         havior." 
                     
                     
                         "Byron's blood?" 
                     
                     
                         "Exactly. And Byron's curse." 
                     
                     
                         I stopped in mid-stride and turned to 
                         face the judge. He smiled somewhat 
                         apologetically. 
                     
                     
                         "I know, Connatt," he said, "that mod- 
                         ern men and women think such things 
                         impossible. They think it equally impos- 
                         sible that anyone of good education and 
                         normal mind should take occultism seri- 
                         ously. But I disprove the latter impos- 
                         sibility, at least--I hold degrees from 
                         three world-famous universities, and my 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 THE BLACK DRAMA 63 
                 
                     
                     
                         behavior, at least, shows that I am neither 
                         morbid nor shallow." 
                     
                     
                         "Certainly not," I assented, thinking 
                         of his hearty appetite, his record of 
                         achievement in many fields, his manifest 
                         kindness and sincerity. 
                     
                     
                         "Then consent to hear my evidence 
                         out." He resumed his walk, and I fell 
                         into step with him. "It's only circum- 
                         stantial evidence, I fear, and as such must 
                         not be entirely conclusive. Yet here it is: 
                     
                     
                         "Byron was the ideal target for a curse, 
                         not only personally but racially. His fore- 
                         bears occupied themselves with revolu- 
                         tion, dueling, sacrilege and lesser sins-- 
                         they were the sort who attract and merit 
                         disaster. As for his immediate parents, 
                         it would be difficult to choose a more 
                         depraved father than Captain 'Mad Jack' 
                         Byron, or a more unnatural mother than 
                         Catherine Gordon of Gight. Brimstone 
                         was bred into the child's very soul by 
                         those two. Follow his career, and what 
                         is there? Pride, violence, orgy, disgrace. 
                         Over his married life hangs a shocking 
                         cloud, an unmentionable accusation-- 
                         rightly or not we cannot say. As for his 
                         associates, they withered at his touch. His 
                         children, lawful and natural, died un- 
                         timely and unhappy. His friends found 
                         ruin or death. Even Doctor Polidori, 
                         plagiarist of the Ruthven story, commit- 
                         ted suicide. Byron himself, when barely 
                         past his first youth, perished alone and far 
                         from home and friends. Today his bright 
                         fame is blurred and tarnished by a wealth 
                         of legend that can be called nothing less 
                         than diabolic." 
                     
                     
                         "Yet he wasn't all unlucky," I sought 
                         to remind my companion. "His beauty 
                         and brilliance, his success as a poet--" 
                     
                     
                         "All part of the curse. When could 
                         he be thankful for a face that drew the 
                         love of Lady Caroline Lamb and precipi- 
                         tated one of London's most fearful scan- 
                         dals? As for his poetry, did it not mark 
                         him for envy, spite and, eventually, a 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         concerted attack? I daresay Byron would 
                         have been happier as a plain-faced me- 
                         chanic or grocer." 
                     
                     
                         I felt inclined to agree, and said as 
                         much. "If a curse exists," I added, 
                         "would it affect Varduk as a descendant 
                         of Byron?" 
                     
                     
                         "I think that it would, and that his 
                         recent actions prove at once the existence 
                         of a curse and the truth of his claim to 
                         descent. A shadow lies on that man, 
                         Connatt." 
                     
                     
                         "The rest of the similarity holds," I 
                         responded. "The charm and the genius. 
                         I have wondered why Miss Holgar agrees 
                         to this play. It is archaic, in some degree 
                         melodramatic, and her part is by no 
                         means dominant. Yet she seems de- 
                         lighted with the role and the production 
                         in general." 
                     
                     
                         "I have considered the same apparent 
                         lapse of her judgment," said Pursuivant, 
                         "and came to the conclusion that you are 
                         about to suggest--that Varduk has gained 
                         some sort of influence over Miss Holgar." 
                     
                     
                         "Perhaps, then, you feel that such an 
                         influence would be dangerous to her and 
                         to others?" 
                     
                     
                         "Exactly." 
                     
                     
                         "What to do, then?" 
                     
                     
                         "Do nothing, gentlemen," said some- 
                         one directly behind us. 
                     
                     
                         We both whirled in sudden surprize. 
                         It was Elmo Davidson. 
                     
                     
                         9. Davidson Gives a Warning 
                     
                     
                         I SCOWLED at Davidson in surprized pro- 
                         test at his intrusion. Judge Pursuivant 
                         did not scowl, but I saw him lift his 
                         walking-stick with his left hand, place 
                         his right upon the curved handle, and 
                         gave it a little twist and jerk, as though 
                         preparing to draw a cork from a bottle. 
                         Davidson grinned placatingly. 
                     
                     
                         "Please, gentlemen! I didn't mean to 
                         eavesdrop, or to do anything else sneak- 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 64 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         ing. It was only that I went for a walk, 
                         too, saw the pair of you ahead, and hur- 
                         ried to catch up. I couldn't help but hear 
                         the final words you were saying, and I 
                         couldn't help but warn you." 
                     
                     
                         We relaxed, but Judge Pursuivant re- 
                         peated "Warn?" in a tone deeply frigid. 
                     
                     
                         "May I amplify? First of all, Varduk 
                         certainly does not intend to harm either 
                         of you. Second, he isn't the sort of man 
                         to be crossed in anything." 
                     
                     
                         "I suppose not," I rejoined, trying to 
                         be casual. "You must be pretty sure, Dav- 
                         ilson, of his capabilities and character." 
                     
                     
                         He nodded. "We've been together 
                         since college." 
                     
                     
                         Pursuivant leaned on his stick and pro- 
                         duced his well-seasoned briar pipe. "It's 
                         comforting to hear you say that. I mean, 
                         that Mr. Varduk was once a college boy. 
                         I was beginning to wonder if he wasn't 
                         thousands of years old." 
                     
                     
                         Davidson shook his head slowly. "See 
                         here, why don't we sit down on the bank 
                         and talk? Maybe I'll tell you a story." 
                     
                     
                         "Very good," agreed Pursuivant, and 
                         sat down. I did likewise, and we both 
                         gazed expectantly at Davidson. He re- 
                         mained standing, with hands in pockets, 
                         until Pursuivant had kindled his pipe and 
                         I my cigarette. Then: 
                     
                     
                         "I'm not trying to frighten you, and I 
                         won't give away any real secrets about 
                         my employer. It's just that you may un- 
                         derstand better after you learn how I met 
                         him. 
                     
                     
                         "It was more than ten years ago. Var- 
                         duk came to Revere College as a fresh- 
                         man when I was a junior. He was much 
                         the same then as he is now--slender, 
                         quiet, self-contained, enigmatic. I got to 
                         know him better than anyone in school, 
                         and I can't say truly that I know him, not 
                         even now. 
                     
                     
                         "Revere, in case you never heard of 
                         the place, is a small school with a big 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         reputation for grounding its students 
                         hock-deep in the classics." 
                     
                     
                         Pursuivant nodded and emitted a cloud 
                         of smoke. "I knew your Professor Dahl- 
                         berg of Revere," he interjected. "He's 
                         one of the great minds of the age on 
                         Greek literature and history." 
                     
                     
                         Davidson continued: "The buildings 
                         at Revere are old and, you might say, 
                         swaddled in the ivy planted by a hundred 
                         graduating classes. The traditions are 
                         consistently mellow, and none of the fac- 
                         ulty members come in for much respect 
                         until they are past seventy. Yet the stu- 
                         dents are very much like any others, 
                         when class is over. In my day, at least, 
                         we gave more of a hoot for one touch- 
                         down than for seven thousand odes of 
                         Horace." 
                     
                     
                         He smiled a little, as though in mild 
                         relish of memories he had evoked within 
                         himself. 
                     
                     
                         "The football team wasn't very good, 
                         but it wasn't very bad, either. It meant 
                         something to be on the first team, and I 
                         turned out to be a fairish tackle. At the 
                         start of my junior year, the year I'm talk- 
                         ing about, a man by the name of Schaefer 
                         was captain--a good fullback though not 
                         brilliant, and the recognized leader of the 
                         campus. 
                     
                     
                         "Varduk didn't go in for athletics, or 
                         for anything else except a good stiff 
                         course of study, mostly in the humanities. 
                         He took a room at the end of the hall on 
                         the third floor of the men's dormitory, 
                         and kept to himself. You know how a 
                         college dorm loves that, you men. Six 
                         days after the term started, the Yellow 
                         Dogs had him on their list." 
                     
                     
                         "Who were the Yellow Dogs?" I 
                         asked. 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, there's a bunch like it in every 
                         school. Spiritual descendants of the Mo- 
                         hocks that flourished in Queen Anne's 
                         reign; rough and rowdy undergraduates, 
                         out for Halloween pranks every night. 
                     
                 
                 W. T.--4 
             
             
                 
                 THE BLACK DRAMA 65 
                 
                     
                     
                         And any student, particularly any frosh, 
                         that stood on his dignity--" He 
                         paused and let our imagination finish the 
                         potentialities of such a situation. 
                     
                     
                         "So, one noon after lunch at the train- 
                         ing-table, Schaefer winked at me and a 
                         couple of other choice spirits. We went 
                         to our rooms and got out our favorite 
                         paddles, carved from barrel-staves and 
                         lettered over with fraternity emblems and 
                         wise-cracks. Then we tramped up to the 
                         third floor and knocked loudly at Var- 
                         duk's door. 
                     
                     
                         "He didn't answer. We tried the knob. 
                         The lock was on, so Schaefer dug his big 
                         shoulder into the panel and smashed his 
                         way in." 
                     
                     
                         DAVIDSON stopped and drew a long 
                         breath, as if with it he could win a 
                         better ability to describe the things he 
                         was telling. 
                     
                     
                         "Varduk lifted those big, deep eyes of 
                         his as we appeared among the ruins of 
                         his door. No fear, not even surprize. 
                         Just a long look, traveling from one of 
                         us to another. When he brought his 
                         gaze to me, I felt as if somebody was 
                         pointing two guns at me, two guns loaded 
                         to their muzzles." 
                     
                     
                         I, listening, felt like saying I knew 
                         how he had felt, but I did not interrupt. 
                     
                     
                         "He was sitting comfortably in an arm- 
                         chair," went on Davidson, rocking on his 
                         feet as though nervous with the memory, 
                         "and in his slender hands he held a big 
                         dark book. His forefinger marked a place 
                         between the leaves. 
                     
                     
                         "'Get up, frosh,' Schaefer said, 'and 
                         salute your superiors.' 
                     
                     
                         "Varduk did not move or speak. He 
                         looked, and Schaefer bellowed louder, 
                         against a sudden and considerable uneasi- 
                         ness. 
                     
                     
                         "'What are you reading there?' he de- 
                         manded of Varduk in his toughest voice. 
                     
                     
                         "'A very interesting work,' Varduk 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         replied gently. 'It teaches how to rule 
                         people.' 
                     
                     
                         "'Uh-huh?' Schaefer sneered at him. 
                         'Let's have a look at it.' 
                     
                     
                         "'I doubt if you would like it,' Var- 
                         duk said, but Schaefer made a grab. The 
                         book came open in his hands. He bent, as 
                         if to study it. 
                     
                     
                         "Then he took a blind, lumbering step 
                         backward. He smacked into the rest of 
                         us all bunched behind him, and without 
                         us I think he might have fallen down. I 
                         couldn't see his face, but the back of his 
                         big bull-neck had turned as white as plas- 
                         ter. He made two efforts to speak before 
                         he managed it. Then all he could splut- 
                         ter out was 'Wh-what--'" 
                     
                     
                         Davidson achieved rather well the man- 
                         ner of a strong, simple man gone sud- 
                         denly shaky with fright. 
                     
                     
                         "'I told you that you probably 
                         wouldn't like it,' Varduk said, like an 
                         adult reminding a child. Then he got up 
                         out of his armchair and took the book 
                         from Schaefer's hands. He began to talk 
                         again. 'Schaefer, I want to see you here 
                         in this room after you finish your football 
                         practise this afternoon.' 
                     
                     
                         "Schaefer didn't make any answer. All 
                         of us edged backward and got out of 
                         there." 
                     
                     
                         Davidson paused, so long that Pursui- 
                         vant asked, "Is that all?" 
                     
                     
                         "No, it isn't. In a way, it's just the 
                         beginning. Schaefer made an awful fool 
                         of himself five or six times on the field 
                         that day. He dropped every one of his 
                         passes from center when we ran signals, 
                         and five or six times he muffed the ball 
                         at drop-kick practise. The coach told him 
                         in front of everybody that he acted like 
                         a high school yokel. When we finished 
                         and took our showers, he hung back until 
                         I came out, so as to walk to the dormitory 
                         with me. He tagged along like a fright- 
                         ened kid brother, and when we got to 
                         the front door he started upstairs like an 
                     
                 
                 W. T.--5 
             
             
                 
                 WEIRD TALES 66 
                 
                     
                     
                         old man. He wanted to turn toward his 
                         own room on the second floor; but Var- 
                         duk's voice spoke his name, and we both 
                         looked up, startled. On the stairs to the 
                         third flight stood Varduk, holding that 
                         black book open against his chest. 
                     
                     
                         "He spoke to Schaefer. 'I told you that 
                         I wanted to see you.' 
                     
                     
                         "Schaefer tried to swear at him. After 
                         all, here was a frail, pale little frosh, 
                         who didn't seem to have an ounce of 
                         muscle on his bones, giving orders to a 
                         big football husky who weighed more 
                         than two hundred pounds. But the swear 
                         words sort of strangled in his throat. 
                         Varduk laughed. Neither of you have 
                         ever heard a sound so soft or merciless. 
                     
                     
                         "'Perhaps you'd like me to come to 
                         your room after you,' Varduk suggested. 
                     
                     
                         "Schaefer turned and came slowly to 
                         the stairs and up them. When he got 
                         level with Varduk, I didn't feel much 
                         like watching the rest. As I moved away 
                         toward my room, I saw Varduk slip his 
                         slender arm through Schaefer's big, thick 
                         one and fall into step with him, just as 
                         if they were going to have the nicest 
                         schoolboy chat you can imagine." 
                     
                     
                         Davidson shuddered violently, and so, 
                         despite the warm June air, did I. Pursui- 
                         vant seemed a shade less pink. 
                     
                     
                         "Here, I've talked too much," David- 
                         son said, with an air of embarrassment. 
                         "Probably it's because I've wanted to tell 
                         this story--over a space of years. No 
                         point in holding back the end, but I'd 
                         greatly appreciate your promise--both 
                         your promises--that you'll not pass the 
                         tale on." 
                     
                     
                         WE BOTH gave our words, and urged 
                         him to continue. He did so. 
                     
                     
                         "I had barely got to my own digs when 
                         there was a frightful row outside, shouts 
                         and scamperings and screamings; yes, 
                         screamings, of young men scared out of 
                         their wits. I jumped up and hurried 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         downstairs and out. There lay Schaefer 
                         on the pavement in front of the dormi- 
                         tory. He was dead, with the brightest 
                         red blood all over him. About twenty 
                         witnesses, more or less, had seen him as 
                         he jumped out of Varduk's window. 
                     
                     
                         "The faculty and the police came, and 
                         Varduk spent hours with them, being 
                         questioned. But he told them something 
                         satisfactory, for he was let go and never 
                         charged with any responsibility. 
                     
                     
                         "Late that night, as I sat alone at my 
                         desk trying to drive from my mind's eye 
                         the bright, bright red of Schaefer's blood, 
                         a gentle knock sounded at my door. I 
                         got up and opened. There stood Varduk, 
                         and he held in his hands that black vol- 
                         ume. I saw the dark red edging on its 
                         pages, the color of blood three hours old. 
                     
                     
                         "'I wondered,' he said in his soft 
                         voice, 'if you'd like to see the thing in 
                         my book that made your friend Schaefer 
                         so anxious to leave my room.' 
                     
                     
                         "I assured him that I did not. He 
                         smiled and came in, all uninvited. 
                     
                     
                         "Then he spoke, briefly but very clear- 
                         ly, about certain things he hoped to do, 
                         and about how he needed a helper. He 
                         said that I might be that helper. I made 
                         no reply, but he knew that I would not 
                         refuse. 
                     
                     
                         "He ordered me to kneel, and I did. 
                         Then he showed me how to put my hands 
                         together and set them between his palms. 
                         The oath I took was the medieval oath of 
                         vassalage. And I have kept my oath from 
                         that day to this." 
                     
                     
                         Davidson abruptly strode back along 
                         the way to the lodge. He stopped at half 
                         a dozen paces' distance. 
                     
                     
                         "Maybe I'd better get along," he sug- 
                         gested. "You two may want to think and 
                         talk about what I have said, and my ad- 
                         vice not to get in Varduk's way." 
                     
                     
                         With that he resumed his departure, 
                         and went out of sight without once look- 
                         ing back again. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 THE BLACK DRAMA 67 
                 
                     
                     
                         10. That Evening 
                     
                     
                         JUDGE PURSUIVANT and I remained 
                         sitting on the roadside bank until 
                         Davidson had completely vanished 
                         around a tree-clustered bend of the way. 
                         Then my companion lifted a heavy walk- 
                         ing-boot and tapped the dottle from his 
                         pipe against the thick sole. 
                     
                     
                         "How did that cheerful little story im- 
                         press you?" he inquired. 
                     
                     
                         I shook my head dubiously. My mus- 
                         tache prickled on my upper lip, like the 
                         mane of a nervous dog. "If it was true," 
                         I said slowly, "how did Davidson dare 
                         tell it?" 
                     
                     
                         "Probably because he was ordered to." 
                     
                     
                         I must have stared foolishly. "You 
                         think that--" 
                     
                     
                         Pursuivant nodded. "My knowledge of 
                         underworld argot is rather limited, but 
                         I believe that the correct phrase is 'lay 
                         off'. We're being told to do that, and in 
                         a highly interesting manner. As to 
                         whether or not the story is true, I'm 
                         greatly inclined to believe that it is." 
                     
                     
                         I drew another cigarette from my pack- 
                         age, and my hand trembled despite itself. 
                         "Then the man is dangerous--Varduk, 
                         I mean. What is he trying to do to 
                         Sigrid?" 
                     
                     
                         "That is what perplexes me. Once, ac- 
                         cording to your little friend Jake Switz, 
                         he defended her from some mysterious 
                         but dangerous beings. His behavior 
                         argues that he isn't the only power to 
                         consider." 
                     
                     
                         The judge held a match for my cig- 
                         arette. His hand was steady, and its stead- 
                         iness comforted me. 
                     
                     
                         "Now then," I said, "to prevent-- 
                         whatever is being done." 
                     
                     
                         "That's what we'd better talk about." 
                         Pursuivant took his stick and rose to his 
                         feet. "Let's get on with our walk, and 
                         make sure this time that nobody over- 
                         hears us." 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         We began to saunter, while he con- 
                         tinued, slowly and soberly: 
                     
                     
                         "You feel that it is Miss Holgar who 
                         is threatened. That's no more than guess- 
                         work on your part, supplemented by the 
                         natural anxiety of a devoted admirer--if 
                         you'll pardon my mentioning that--but 
                         you are probably right. Varduk seems to 
                         have exerted all his ingenuity and charm 
                         to induce her to take a part in this play, 
                         and at this place. The rest of you he had 
                         gathered more carelessly. It is reasonably 
                         safe to say that whatever happens will 
                         happen to Miss Holgar." 
                     
                     
                         "But what will happen?" I urged, 
                         feeling very depressed. 
                     
                     
                         "That we do not know as yet," I began 
                         to speak again, but he lifted a hand. 
                         "Please let me finish. Perhaps you think 
                         that we should do what we can to call 
                         off the play, get Miss Holgar out of here. 
                         But I reply, having given the mattter 
                         deep thought, that such a thing is not 
                         desirable." 
                     
                     
                         "Not desirable?" I echoed, my voice 
                         rising in startled surprize. "You mean, 
                         she must stay here? In heaven's name, 
                         why?" 
                     
                     
                         "Because evil is bound to occur. To 
                         spirit her away will be only a retreat. 
                         The situation must be allowed to develop 
                         --then we can achieve victory. Why, 
                         Connatt," he went on warmly, "can you 
                         not see that the whole atmosphere is 
                         charged with active and supernormal 
                         perils? Don't you know that such a 
                         chance, for meeting and defeating the 
                         power of wickedness, seldom arises? 
                         What can you think of when you want to 
                         run away?" 
                     
                     
                         "I'm not thinking of myself, sir," I 
                         told him. "It's Sigrid. Miss Holgar." 
                     
                     
                         "Handsomely put. All right, then; 
                         when you go back to the lodge, tell her 
                         what we've said and suggest that she 
                         leave." 
                     
                     
                         I shook my head, more hopelessly than 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 68 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         before. "You know that she wouldn't 
                         take me seriously." 
                     
                     
                         "Just so. Nobody will take seriously 
                         the things we are beginning to under- 
                         stand, you and I. We have to fight alone 
                         --but we'll win." He began to speak 
                         more brightly. "When is the play sup- 
                         posed to have its first performance?" 
                     
                     
                         "Sometime after the middle of July. 
                         I've heard Varduk say as much several 
                         times, though he did not give the exact 
                         date." 
                     
                     
                         Pursuivant grew actually cheerful. 
                         "That means that we have three weeks 
                         or so. Something will happen around that 
                         time--presumably on opening night. If 
                         time was not an element, he would not 
                         have defended her on her first night 
                         here." 
                     
                     
                         I felt somewhat reassured, and we re- 
                         turned from our stroll in fairly good 
                         spirits. 
                     
                     
                         Varduk again spoke cordially to Pur- 
                         suivant, and invited him to stay to dinner. 
                         "I must ask that you leave shortly after- 
                         ward," he concluded the invitation. "Our 
                         rehearsals have something of secrecy 
                         about them. You won't be offended 
                         if--" 
                     
                     
                         "Of course not," Pursuivant assured 
                         him readily, but later the judge found a 
                         moment to speak with me. "Keep your 
                         eyes open," he said earnestly. "He feels 
                         that I, in some degree familiar with oc- 
                         cult matters, might suspect or even dis- 
                         cover something wrong about the play. 
                         We'll talk later about the things you see." 
                     
                     
                         THE evening meal was the more pleas- 
                         ant for Judge Pursuivant's high- 
                         humored presence. He was gallant to the 
                         ladies, deferential to Varduk, and witty 
                         to all of us. Even the pale, haunted face 
                         of our producer relaxed in a smile once 
                         or twice, and when the meal was over 
                         and Pursuivant was ready to go, Varduk 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         accompanied him to the door, speaking 
                         graciously the while. 
                     
                     
                         "You will pardon me if I see you 
                         safely to the road. It is no more than 
                         evening, yet I have a feeling--" 
                     
                     
                         "And I have the same feeling," said 
                         Pursuivant, not at all heavily. "I appre- 
                         ciate your offer of protection." 
                     
                     
                         Varduk evidently suspected a note of 
                         mockery. He paused. "There are things, 
                         Judge Pursuivant," he said, "against 
                         which ordinary protection would not suf- 
                         fice. You have borne arms, I believe, yet 
                         you know that they will not always avail." 
                     
                     
                         They had come to the head of the 
                         front stairs, leading down to the lobby of 
                         the theater. The others at table were 
                         chattering over a second cup of coffee, 
                         but I was straining my ears to hear what 
                         the judge and Varduk were saying. 
                     
                     
                         "Arms? Yes, I've borne them," 
                         Pursuivant admitted. "Oddly enough, 
                         I'm armed now. Should you care to 
                         see?" 
                     
                     
                         He lifted his malacca walking-stick in 
                         both hands, grasping its shank and the 
                         handle. A twist and a jerk, and it came 
                         apart, revealing a few inches of metal. 
                         Pursuivant drew forth, as from a sheath, 
                         a thin, gleaming blade. 
                     
                     
                         "Sword cane!" exclaimed Varduk ad- 
                         miringly. He bent for a closer look. 
                     
                     
                         "And a singularly interesting one," 
                         elaborated Pursuivant. "Quite old, as you 
                         can see for yourself." 
                     
                     
                         "Ah, so it is," agreed Varduk. "I 
                         fancy you had it put into the cane?" 
                     
                     
                         "I did. Look at the inscription." 
                         Varduk peered. "Yes, I can make it 
                         out, though it seems worn." He pursed 
                         his lips, then read aloud, very slowly: 
                         "Sic pereant omnes inimici tui, Domine. 
                         It sounds like Scripture." 
                     
                     
                         "That's what it is, Mr. Varduk," 
                         Pursuivant was saying blandly. "The 
                         King James Version has it: 'So let all 
                         thine enemies perish, O Lord.' It's from 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 THE BLACK DRAMA 69 
                 
                     
                     
                         Deborah's song -- fifth chapter of 
                         Judges" 
                     
                     
                         Varduk was plainly intrigued. "A war- 
                         like text, I must say. What knight of the 
                         church chose it for his battle cry?" 
                     
                     
                         "Many have chosen it," responded the 
                         judge. "Shall we go on?" 
                     
                     
                         They walked down the stairs side by 
                         side, and so out of my sight and hearing. 
                     
                     
                         WHEN Varduk returned he called us 
                         at once to rehearsal. He was as 
                         alert as he had been the night before, 
                         but much harder to please. Indeed, he 
                         criticized speeches and bits of stage busi- 
                         ness that had won his high praise at the 
                         earlier rehearsal, and several times he 
                         called for repetitions and new interpre- 
                         tations. He also announced that at the 
                         third rehearsal, due the next day, he 
                         would take away our scripts. 
                     
                     
                         "You are all accomplished actors," he 
                         amplified. "You need nothing to refresh 
                         good memories." 
                     
                     
                         "I'd like to keep my book," begged 
                         Martha Vining, but Varduk smiled and 
                         shook his head. 
                     
                     
                         "You'll be better without," he said 
                         definitely. 
                     
                     
                         When we approached the climactic 
                         scene, with Swithin's attempt to kill 
                         Ruthven and Mary's attempted sacrifice, 
                         Varduk did not insist on stage business; 
                         in fact, he asked us flatly to speak our 
                         lines without so much as movmg from 
                         our places. If this was to calm us after 
                         the frightening events of the night be- 
                         fore, it did not succeed. Everyone there 
                         remembered the accidental sword-thrust, 
                         and Varduk's seeming invulnerability; 
                         it was as though their thoughts were dole- 
                         ful spoken words. 
                     
                     
                         Rehearsal over--again without the 
                         final line by Ruthven--Varduk bade us a 
                         courteous good-night and, as before, 
                         walked out first with Sigrid and Martha 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Vining. I followed with Jake, but at the 
                         threshold I touched his arm. 
                     
                     
                         "Come with me," I muttered, and 
                         turned toward the front of the lodge. 
                     
                     
                         Varduk and the two women had gone 
                         out of sight around the rear of the build- 
                         ing. Nobody challenged us as we walked 
                         silently in the direction of the road, but 
                         I had a sensation as of horrors all around 
                         me, inadequately bound back with strands 
                         that might snap at any moment. 
                     
                     
                         "What's it about, Gib?" asked Jake 
                         once, but at that moment I saw what I 
                         had somehow expected and feared to see. 
                     
                     
                         A silent figure lay at the foot of the 
                         upward-sloping driveway to the road. We 
                         both ran forward, coming up on either 
                         side of that figure. 
                     
                     
                         The moon showed through broken 
                         clouds. By its light we recognized Judge 
                         Pursuivant, limp and apparently lifeless. 
                         Beside him lay the empty shank of his 
                         walking-stick. His right fist still clenched 
                         around the handle, and the slender blade 
                         set therein was driven deeply into the 
                         loam. 
                     
                     
                         I did not know what to do, but Jake 
                         did. He knelt, scooped the judge's head 
                         up and set it against his knee, then 
                         slapped the flaccid checks with his open 
                         palm. Pursuivant's eyelids and mustache 
                         fluttered. 
                     
                     
                         Jake snorted approvingly and lifted his 
                         own crossed eyes to mine. "I guess he's 
                         all right, Gib. Just passed out is all. 
                         Maybe better you go to Varduk and ask 
                         for some brand--" 
                     
                     
                         He broke off suddenly. He was star- 
                         ing at something behind me. 
                     
                     
                         I turned, my heart quivering inside my 
                         chest. 
                     
                     
                         Shapes--monstrous, pallid, unclean 
                         shapes--were closing in upon us. 
                     
                 
                 
                     In the thrilling chapters that will bring this strange novel to its end in next month's WEIRD TALES, the veil is swept aside,
                        and the weird monstrosity known as Varduk stands revealed in all his hideousness. We sug- gest that you reserve your copy at
                        your magazine dealer's now. 
                 
             
             
                 
                 
                 
                     He That Hath Wings 
                 
                 
                     By  EDMOND HAMILTON  
                 
                 
                     The story of a modern Icarus--David Rand was a freak of nature, a glorious winged freak, who had experienced the freedom of the
                        sky and could no longer be tied to the ground 
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         DOCTOR HARRIMAN paused in 
                         the corridor of the maternity 
                         ward and asked, "What about 
                         that woman in 27?" 
                     
                     
                         There was pity in the eyes of the 
                         plump, crisply dressed head nurse as she 
                         answered, "She died an hour after the 
                         birth of her baby, doctor. Her heart was 
                         bad, you know." 
                     
                     
                         The physician nodded, his spare, clean- 
                         shaven face thoughtful. "Yes, I remem- 
                         ber now--she and her husband were in- 
                         jured in an electrical explosion in a sub- 
                         way a year ago, and the husband died re- 
                         cently. What about the baby?" 
                     
                     
                         The nurse hesitated. "A fine, healthy 
                         little boy, except--" 
                     
                     
                         "Except what?" 
                     
                     
                         "Except that he is humpbacked, doc- 
                         tor." 
                     
                     
                         Doctor Harriman swore in pity. "What 
                         horrible luck for the poor little devil! 
                         Born an orphan, and deformed, too." He 
                         said with sudden decision, "I'll look at 
                         the infant. Perhaps we could do some- 
                         thing for him." 
                     
                     
                         But when he and the nurse bent to- 
                         gether over the crib in which red-faced 
                         little David Rand lay squalling lustily, 
                         the doctor shook his head. "No, we can't 
                         do anything for that back. What a 
                         shame!" 
                     
                     
                         David Rand's little red body was as 
                         straight and dean-lined as that of any 
                         baby ever born--except for his back. 
                         From the back of the infant's shoulder- 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         blades jutted two humped projections, 
                         one on each side, that curved down 
                         toward the lower ribs. 
                     
                     
                         Those twin humps were so long and 
                         streamlined in their jutting curve that 
                         they hardly looked like deformities. The 
                         skilful hands of Doctor Harriman gently 
                         probed them. Then an expression of per- 
                         plexity came over his face. 
                     
                     
                         "This doesn't seem any ordinary de- 
                         formity," he said puzzledly. "I think 
                         we'll look at them through the X-ray. 
                         Tell Doctor Morris to get the apparatus 
                         going." 
                     
                     
                         Doctor Morris was a stocky, red- 
                         headed young man who looked in pity, 
                         also, at the crying, red-faced baby lying 
                         in front of the X-ray machine, later. 
                     
                     
                         He muttered, "Tough on the poor kid, 
                         that back. Ready, doctor?" 
                     
                     
                         Harriman nodded. "Go ahead." 
                     
                     
                         The X-rays broke into sputtering, 
                         crackling life. Doctor Harriman applied 
                         his eyes to the fluoroscope. His body stif- 
                         fened. It was a long, silent minute be- 
                         fore he straightened from his inspection. 
                         His spare face had gone dead white and 
                         the waiting nurse wondered what had so 
                         excited him. 
                     
                     
                         Harriman said, a little thickly, "Mor- 
                         ris! Take a look through this. I'm either 
                         seeing things, or else something utterly 
                         unprecedented has happened." 
                     
                     
                         Morris, with a puzzled frown at his 
                         superior, gazed through the instrument. 
                         His head jerked up. 
                     
                 
                 70 
             
             
                 
                 HE THAT HATH WINGS 71 
                 
                     
                     
                         "My God!" he exclaimed. 
                     
                     
                         "You see it too?" exclaimed Doctor 
                         Harriman. "Then I guess I'm not crazy 
                         after all. But this thing--why, it's with- 
                         out precedent in all human history!" 
                     
                     
                         He babbled incoherently, "And the 
                         bones, too--hollow--the whole skeleton- 
                         al structure different. His weight--" 
                     
                     
                         He set the infant hastily on a scale. 
                         The beam jiggled. 
                     
                     
                         "See that!" exclaimed Harriman. "He 
                         weighs only a third of what a baby his 
                         size should weigh." 
                     
                     
                         Red-headed young Doctor Morris was 
                         staring in fascination at the curving 
                         humps on the infant's back. He said 
                         hoarsely, "But this just isn't possi- 
                         ble--" 
                     
                     
                         "But it's real!" Harriman flung out. 
                         His eyes were brilliant with excitement. 
                         He cried, "A change in gene-pattems-- 
                         only that could have caused this. Some 
                         pre-natal influence--" 
                     
                     
                         His fist smacked into his hand. "I've 
                         got it! The electrical explosion that in- 
                         jured this child's mother a year before 
                         his birth. That's what did it--an explo- 
                         sion of hard radiations that damaged, 
                         changed, her genes. You remember Mul- 
                         ler's experiments--" 
                     
                     
                         The head nurse's wonder overcame her 
                         respect. She asked, "But what is it, doc- 
                         tor? What's the mater with the child's 
                         back? Is it so bad as all that?" 
                     
                     
                         "So bad?" repeated Doctor Harriman. 
                         He drew a long breath. He told the nurse, 
                         "This child, this David Rand, is a unique 
                         case in medical history. There has never 
                         been anyone like him--as far as we 
                         know, the thing that's going to happen 
                         to him has never happened to any other 
                         human being. And all due to that elec- 
                         trical explosion." 
                     
                     
                         "What's going to happen to him?" 
                         demanded the nurse, dismayed. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "This child is going to have wings!" 
                         shouted Harriman. "Those projections 
                         growing out on his back--they're not just 
                         ordinary abnormalities--they're nascent 
                         wings, that will very soon break out and 
                         grow just as a fledgling bird's wings 
                         break out and grow." 
                     
                     
                         THE head nurse stared at them. 
                         "You're joking," she said finally, in 
                         flat unbelief. 
                     
                     
                         "Good God, do you think I'd joke 
                         about such a matter?" cried Harriman. 
                         "I tell you, I'm as stunned as you arc, 
                         even though I can see the scientific reason 
                         for the thing. This child's body is dif- 
                         ferent from the body of any other human 
                         being that ever lived. 
                     
                     
                         "His bones are hollow, like a bird's 
                         bones. His blood seems different and he 
                         weighs only a third what a normal hu- 
                         man infant weighs. And his shoulder- 
                         blades jut out into bone projections to 
                         which are attached the great wing- 
                         muscles. The X-rays clearly show the 
                         rudimentary feathers and bones of the 
                         wings themselves." 
                     
                     
                         "Wings!" repeated young Morris daz- 
                         edly. He said after a moment, "Harri- 
                         man, this child will be able to--" 
                     
                     
                         "He'll be able to fly, yes!" declared 
                         Harriman. "I'm certain of it. The wings 
                         are going to be very large ones, and his 
                         body is so much lighter than normal that 
                         they'll easily bear him aloft." 
                     
                     
                         "Good Lord!" ejaculated Morris inco- 
                         herently. 
                     
                     
                         He looked a little wildly down at the 
                         infant. It had stopped crying and now 
                         waved pudgy red arms and legs weakly. 
                     
                     
                         "It just isn't possible," said the nurse, 
                         taking refuge in incredulity. "How could 
                         a baby, a man, have wings?" 
                     
                     
                         Doctor Harriman said swiftly, "It's 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 72 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         due to a deep change in the parents' 
                         genes. The genes, you know, are the tiny 
                         cells which control bodily development 
                         in every living thing that is born. Alter 
                         the gene-pattern and you alter the bodily 
                         development of the offspring, which ex- 
                         plains the differences in color, size, and 
                         so forth, in children. But those minor 
                         differences are due to comparatively mi- 
                         nor gene-changes. 
                     
                     
                         "But the gene-pattern of this child's 
                         parents was radically changed a year ago. 
                         The electrical explosion in which they 
                         were injured must have deeply altered 
                         their gene-patterns, by a wave of sudden 
                         electrical force. Muller, of the University 
                         of Texas, has demonstrated that gene- 
                         patterns can be greatly altered by radia- 
                         tion, and that the offspring of parents so 
                         treated will differ greatly from their par- 
                         ents in bodily form. That accident pro- 
                         duced an entirely new gene-pattern in the 
                         parents of this child, one which devel- 
                         oped their child into a winged human. 
                         He's what biologists technically call a 
                         mutant." 
                     
                     
                         Young Morris suddenly said, "Good 
                         Lord, what the newspapers are going to 
                         do when they get hold of this story!" 
                     
                     
                         "They mustn't get hold of it," Doctor 
                         Harriman declared. "The birth of this 
                         child is one of the greatest things in the 
                         history of biological science, and it 
                         mustn't be made a cheap popular sensa- 
                         tion. We must keep it utterly quiet." 
                     
                     
                         THEY kept it quiet for three months, 
                         in all. During that time, little David 
                         Rand occupied a private room in the hos- 
                         pital and was cared for only by the head 
                         nurse and visited only by the two phy- 
                         sicians. 
                     
                     
                         During those three months, the cor- 
                         rectness of Doctor Harriman's prediction 
                         was fulfilled. For in that time, the 
                         humped projections on the child's back 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         grew with incredible rapidity until at last 
                         they broke through the tender skin in a 
                         pair of stubby, scrawny-looking things 
                         that were unmistakably wings. 
                     
                     
                         Little David squalled violently during 
                         the days that his wings broke forth, feel- 
                         ing only a pain as of teething many times 
                         intensified. But the two doctors stared 
                         and stared at those little wings with their 
                         rudimentary feathers, even now hardly 
                         able to believe the witness of their eyes. 
                     
                     
                         They saw that the child had as com- 
                         plete control of the wings as of his arms 
                         and legs, by means of the great muscles 
                         around their bases which no other hu- 
                         man possessed. And they saw too that 
                         while David's weight was increasing, he 
                         remained still just a third of the weight 
                         of a normal child of his age, and that his 
                         heart had a tremendously high pulse-beat 
                         and that his blood was far warmer than 
                         that of any normal person. 
                     
                     
                         Then it happened. The head nurse, 
                         unable any longer to contain the tremen- 
                         dous secret with which she was bursting, 
                         told a relative in strict confidence. That 
                         relative told another relative, also in 
                         strict confidence. And two days later the 
                         story appeared in the New York news- 
                         papers. 
                     
                     
                         The hospital put guards at its doors 
                         and refused admittance to the grinning 
                         reporters who came to ask for details. 
                         All of them were frankly skeptical, and 
                         the newspaper stories were written with 
                         a tongue in the cheek. The public 
                         laughed. A child with wings! What 
                         kind of phony new story would they 
                         think up next? 
                     
                     
                         But a few days later, the stories 
                         changed in tone. Others of the hospital 
                         personnel, made curious by the newspaper 
                         yarns, pried into the room where David 
                         Rand lay crowing and thrashing his arms 
                         and legs and wings. They babbled broad- 
                         cast assertions that the story was true. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 HE THAT HATH WINGS 73 
                 
                     
                     
                         One of them who was a candid camera 
                         enthusiast even managed to slip out a 
                         photograph of the infant. Smeary as it 
                         was, that photograph did unmistakably 
                         show a child with wings of some sort 
                         growing from its back. 
                     
                     
                         The hospital became a fort, a place be- 
                         sieged. Reporters and photographers 
                         milled outside its doors and clamored 
                         against the special police guard that had 
                         been detailed to keep them out. The 
                         great press associations offered Doctor 
                         Harriman large sums for exclusive stories 
                         and photographs of the winged child. 
                         The public began to wonder if there was 
                         anything in the yarn. 
                     
                     
                         Doctor Harriman had to give in, 
                         finally. He admitted a committee of a 
                         dozen reporters, photographers and emi- 
                         nent physicians to see the child. 
                     
                     
                         David Rand lay and looked up at them 
                         with wise blue gaze, clutching his toe, 
                         while the eminent physicians and news- 
                         papermen stared down at him with bulg- 
                         ing eyes. 
                     
                     
                         The physicians said, "It's incredible, 
                         but it's true. This is no fake--the child 
                         really has wings." 
                     
                     
                         The reporters asked Doctor Harriman 
                         wildly, "When he gets bigger, will he be 
                         able to fly?" 
                     
                     
                         Harriman said shortly, "We can't tell 
                         just what his development will be like, 
                         now. But if he continues to develop as 
                         he has, undoubtedly he'll be able to fly." 
                     
                     
                         "Good Lord, let me at a phone!" 
                         groaned one newshound. And then they 
                         were all scrambling pell-mell for the tele- 
                         phones. 
                     
                     
                         Doctor Harriman permitted a few pic- 
                         tures, and then unceremoniously shoved 
                         the visitors out. But there was no hold- 
                         ing the newspapers, after that. David 
                         Rand's name became overnight the best 
                         known in the world. The pictures con- 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         vinced even the most skeptical of the 
                         public. 
                     
                     
                         Great biologists made long statements 
                         on the theories of genetics which could 
                         explain the child. Anthropologists specu- 
                         lated as to whether similar freak winged 
                         men had not been born a few times in 
                         the remote past, giving rise to the world- 
                         wide legends of harpies and vampires and 
                         flying people. Crazy sects saw in the 
                         child's birth an omen of the approaching 
                         end of the world. 
                     
                     
                         Theatrical agents offered immense sums 
                         for the privilege of exhibiting David in 
                         a hygienic glass case. Newspapers and 
                         press services outbid each other for ex- 
                         dusive rights to the story Doctor Harri- 
                         man could tell. A thousand firms begged 
                         to purchase the right to use little David's 
                         name on toys, infant foods, and what not. 
                     
                     
                         And the cause of all this excitement 
                         lay and rolled and crowed and sometimes 
                         cried in his little bed, now and then vig- 
                         orously flapping the sprouting wings that 
                         had upset the whole world. Doctor Har- 
                         riman looked thoughtfully down at him. 
                     
                     
                         He said, "I'll have to get him out of 
                         here. The hospital superintendent is com- 
                         plaining that the crowds and commotion 
                         are wrecking the place." 
                     
                     
                         "But where can you take him?" Mor- 
                         ris wanted to know. "He hasn't any par- 
                         ents or relatives, and you can't put a kid 
                         like this in an orphan asylum." 
                     
                     
                         Doctor Harriman made decision. "I'm 
                         going to retire from practise and devote 
                         myself entirely to observing and record- 
                         ing David's growth. I'll have myself 
                         made his legal guardian and I'll bring 
                         him up in some spot away from all this 
                         turmoil -- an island or some place like 
                         that, if I can find one." 
                     
                     
                         Harriman found such a place, an island 
                         off the Maine coast, a speck of barren 
                         sand and scrubby trees. He leased it, 
                         built a bungalow there, and took David 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 74 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         Rand and an elderly nurse-housekeeper 
                         there. He took also a strong Norwegian 
                         watchman who was very efficient at repel- 
                         ling the boats of reporters who tried to 
                         land there. After a while the newspapers 
                         gave it up. They had to be content to 
                         reprint the photographs and articles which 
                         Doctor Harriman gave to scientific pub- 
                         lications concerning David's growth. 
                     
                     
                         DAVID grew rapidly. In five years he 
                         was a sturdy little youngster with 
                         yellow hair, and his wings were larger 
                         and covered with short bronze feathers. 
                         He ran and laughed and played, like any 
                         youngster, flapping his wings vigorously. 
                     
                     
                         He was ten before he flew. By then 
                         he was a little slimmer, and his glittering 
                         bronze wings came to his heels. When he 
                         walked or sat or slept, he kept the wings 
                         closely folded on his back like a bronze 
                         sheath. But when he opened them, they 
                         extended much farther than his arms 
                         could, on either side. 
                     
                     
                         Doctor Harriman had meant to let Da- 
                         vid gradually try flying, to photograph 
                         and observe every step of the process. 
                         But it did not happen that way. David 
                         flew first as naturally as a bird first flies. 
                     
                     
                         He himself had never thought much 
                         about his wings. He knew that Doctor 
                         John, as he called the physician, had no 
                         such wings, and that neither did Flora, 
                         the gaunt old nurse, nor Holf, the grin- 
                         ning watchman, have them. But he had 
                         seen no other people, and so he imagined 
                         the rest of the world was divided into 
                         people who had wings and people who 
                         didn't have them. He did not know just 
                         what the wings were for, though he knew 
                         that he liked to flap them and exercise 
                         them when he was running, and would 
                         wear no shirt over them. 
                     
                     
                         Then one April morning, David found 
                         out what his wings were for. He had 
                         climbed into a tall old scrub oak to peer 
                         at a bird's nest. The child was always 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         inordinately interested in the birds of the 
                         little island, jumping and clapping his 
                         hands as he saw them darting and circling 
                         overhead, watching their flocks stream 
                         south each fall and north each spring, 
                         prying into their ways of living because 
                         of some dim sense of kinship with these 
                         other winged things. 
                     
                     
                         He had climbed nearly to the top of 
                         the old oak on this morning, toward the 
                         nest he had spied. His wings were tight- 
                         ly folded to keep them out of the way of 
                         branches. Then, as he reached up to pull 
                         himself the last step upward, his foot 
                         pressed on the merest rotten shell of a 
                         dead branch. Abnormally light as he 
                         was, his weight was enough to snap the 
                         branch and he fell cleanly toward the 
                         ground. 
                     
                     
                         Instincts exploded in David's brain in 
                         the moment that he plummeted toward 
                         the ground. Quite without will, his wings 
                         unfolded with a bursting whir. He felt 
                         a terrific tug on them that wrenched his 
                         shoulders hard. And then suddenly, mar- 
                         velously, he was no longer falling but 
                         was gliding downward on a long slant, 
                         with his wings unfolded and rigidly set. 
                     
                     
                         There burst from his innermost being 
                         a high, ringing shout of exultation. 
                         Down--down--gliding like a swooping 
                         bird with the clean air buffeting at his 
                         face and streaming past his wings and 
                         body. A wild, sweet thrill that he had 
                         never felt before, a sudden crazy joy in 
                         living. 
                     
                     
                         He shouted again, and with instant im- 
                         pulse flapped his great wings, beating the 
                         air with them, instinctively bending his 
                         head sharply back and keeping his arms 
                         flattened against his sides, his legs straight 
                         and close together. 
                     
                     
                         He wras soaring upward now, the 
                         ground swiftly receding beneath him, the 
                         sun blazing in his eyes, the wind scream- 
                         ing around him. He opened his mouth 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 HE THAT HATH WINGS 75 
                 
                     
                     
                         to shout again, and the cold, clean air 
                         hammered into his throat. In sheer, mad 
                         physical ecstasy he rocketed up through 
                         the blue with whirring wings. 
                     
                     
                         It was thus that Doctor Harriman saw 
                         him when he chanced to come out of the 
                         bungalow a little later. The doctor heard 
                         a shrill, exultant cry from high above and 
                         looked up to see that slim winged shape 
                         swooping down toward him from the 
                         sunlit heavens. 
                     
                     
                         The doctor caught his breath at the 
                         sheer beauty of the spectacle as David 
                         dived and soared and whirled above him, 
                         gone crazy with delight in his new-found 
                         wings. The boy had instinctively learned 
                         how to turn and twist and dive, even 
                         though his movements had yet a clumsi- 
                         ness that made him sometimes side-slip. 
                     
                     
                         When David Rand finally swooped 
                         down and alighted in front of the doctor 
                         with quick-closing wings, the boy's eyes 
                         streamed electric joy. 
                     
                     
                         "I can fly!" 
                     
                     
                         Doctor Harriman nodded. "You can 
                         fly, David. I know I can't keep you 
                         from doing it now, but you must not 
                         leave the island and you must be careful." 
                     
                     
                         BY THE time David reached the age of 
                         seventeen, there was no longer any 
                         need to caution him to be careful. He 
                         was as much at home in the air as any 
                         bird living. 
                     
                     
                         He was a tall, slim, yellow-haired youth 
                         now, his arrow-straight figure still clad 
                         only in the shorts that were all the cloth- 
                         ing his warm-blooded body required, a 
                         wild, restless energy crackling and snap- 
                         ping in his keen face and dancing blue 
                         eyes. 
                     
                     
                         His wings had become superb, glitter- 
                         ing, bronze-feathered pinions that ex- 
                         tended more than ten feet from tip to tip 
                         when he spread them, and that touched 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         his heels with their lowest feathers when 
                         he closed them on his back. 
                     
                     
                         Constant flying over the island and 
                         the surrounding waters had developed 
                         the great wing-muscles behind David's 
                         shoulders to tremendous strength and 
                         endurance. He could spend a whole day 
                         gliding and soaring over the island, now 
                         climbing high with mad burst of whir- 
                         ring wings, then circling, planing on mo- 
                         tionless wings, slowly descending. 
                     
                     
                         He could chase and overtake almost 
                         any bird in the air. He would start up 
                         a flock of pheasants and his laughter 
                         would ring high and wild across the sky 
                         as he turned and twisted and darted after 
                         the panicky birds. He could pull out the 
                         tail-feathers of outraged hawks before 
                         they could escape, and he could swoop 
                         quicker than hawk on rabbits and squir- 
                         rels on the ground. 
                     
                     
                         Sometimes when fog banked the island 
                         Doctor Harriman would hear the ringing 
                         shout from the gray mists overhead and 
                         would know that David was somewhere 
                         up there. Or again he would be out over 
                         the sunlit waters, plummeting headlong 
                         down to them and then at the last mo- 
                         ment swiftly spreading his wings so that 
                         he just skimmed the wave-crests with the 
                         screaming gulls before he rocketed up- 
                         ward again. 
                     
                     
                         Never yet had David been away from 
                         the island, but the doctor knew from his 
                         own infrequent visits to the mainland 
                         that the world-wide interest in the flying 
                         youth was still strong. The photographs 
                         which the doctor gave to scientific jour- 
                         nals no longer sufficed for the public curi- 
                         osity, and launches and airplanes with 
                         moving-picture cameramen frequently cir- 
                         cled the island to snap pictures of David 
                         Rand flying. 
                     
                     
                         To one of those airplanes occurred a 
                         thing that gave its occupants much to 
                         talk about for days to come. They were 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 76 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         a pilot and cameraman who came over 
                         the island at midday, in spite of Doctor 
                         Harriman's prohibition of such flights, 
                         and who circled brazenly about looking 
                         for the flying youth. 
                     
                     
                         Had they looked up, they could have 
                         seen David as a circling speck high above 
                         them. He watched the airplane with keen 
                         interest mixed with contempt. He had seen 
                         these flying ships before and he felt only 
                         pity and scorn for their stiff, clumsy 
                         wings and noisy motors with which wing- 
                         less men made shift to fly. This one, 
                         though, so directly beneath him, stimu- 
                         lated his curiosity so that he swooped 
                         down toward it from above and behind, 
                         his great wings urging him against the 
                         slip-stream of its propeller. 
                     
                     
                         The pilot in the open rear-cockpit of 
                         that airplane nearly had heart failure 
                         when someone tapped him on the shoul- 
                         der from behind. He whirled, startled, 
                         and when he saw David Rand crouching 
                         precariously on the fuselage just behind 
                         him, grinning at him, he lost his head 
                         for a moment so that the ship side-slipped 
                         and started to fall. 
                     
                     
                         With a shouting laugh, David Rand 
                         leaped off the fuselage and spread his 
                         wings to soar up past it. The pilot re- 
                         covered enough presence of mind to right 
                         his ship, and presently David saw it move 
                         unsteadily off toward the mainland. Its 
                         occupants had enough of the business for 
                         one day. 
                     
                     
                         But the increasing number of such curi- 
                         ous visitors stimulated in David Rand a 
                         reciprocal curiosity concerning the outside 
                         world. He wondered more and more 
                         what lay beyond the low, dim line of the 
                         mainland over there across the blue wa- 
                         ters. He could not understand why Doc- 
                         tor John forbade him to fly over there, 
                         when well he knew that his wings would 
                         bear him up for a hundred times that dis- 
                         tance. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Doctor Harriman told him, "I'll take 
                         you there soon, David. But you must wait 
                         until you understand things better--you 
                         wouldn't fit in with the rest of the world, 
                         yet." 
                     
                     
                         "Why not?" demanded David puz- 
                         zledly. 
                     
                     
                         The doctor explained, "You have 
                         wings, and no one else in the world has. 
                         That might make things very difficult for 
                         you." 
                     
                     
                         "But why?" 
                     
                     
                         Harriman stroked his spare chin and 
                         said thoughtfully, "You'd be a sensation, 
                         a sort of freak, David. They'd be curious 
                         about you because you're different, but 
                         they'd look down on you for the same 
                         reason. That's why I brought you up out 
                         here, to avoid that. You must wait a lit- 
                         tle longer before you see the world." 
                     
                     
                         David Rand flung a hand up to point 
                         half angrily at a streaming flock of piping 
                         wild birds, heading south, black against 
                         the autumn sunset. "They don't wait! 
                         Every fall I see them, everything that 
                         flies, going away. Every spring I see 
                         them returning, passing overhead again. 
                         And I have to stay on this little island!" 
                     
                     
                         A wild pulse of freedom surged in his 
                         blue eyes. 
                     
                     
                         "I want to go as they do, to see the 
                         land over there, and the lands beyond 
                         that." 
                     
                     
                         "Soon you shall go over there," prom- 
                         ised Doctor Harriman. "I will go with 
                         you--will look out for you there." 
                     
                     
                         But through the dusk that evening, 
                         David sat with chin in hand, wings 
                         folded, staring broodingly after the strag- 
                         gling, southing birds. And in the days 
                         that followed, he took less and less pleas- 
                         ure in mere aimless flight above the is- 
                         land, and more and more watched wist- 
                         fully the endless, merry passage of the 
                         honking wild geese and swarming ducks 
                         and whistling songbirds. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 HE THAT HATH WINGS 77 
                 
                     
                     
                         DOCTOR HARRIMAN saw and under- 
                         stood that yearning in David's eyes, 
                         and the old physician sighed. 
                     
                     
                         "He has grown up," he thought, "and 
                         wants to go like any young bird that 
                         would leave its nest. I shall not be able 
                         much longer to keep him from leaving." 
                     
                     
                         But it was Harriman himself who left 
                         first, in a different way. For some time 
                         the doctor's heart had troubled him, and 
                         there came a morning when he did not 
                         awaken, and when a dazed, uncompre- 
                         hending David stared down at his guard- 
                         ian's still white face. 
                     
                     
                         Through all that day, while the old 
                         housekeeper wept softly about the place 
                         and the Norwegian was gone in the boat 
                         to the mainland to arrange the funeral, 
                         David Rand sat with folded wings and 
                         chin in hand, staring out across the blue 
                         waters. 
                     
                     
                         That night, when all was dark and si- 
                         lent around the bungalow, he stole into 
                         the room where the doctor lay silent and 
                         peaceful. In the darkness, David touched 
                         the thin, cold hand. Hot tears swam in 
                         his eyes and he felt a hard lump in his 
                         throat as he made that futile gesture of 
                         farewell. 
                     
                     
                         Then he went softly back out of the 
                         house into the night. The moon was a 
                         red shield above the eastern waters and 
                         the autumn wind blew cold and crisp. 
                         Down through the keen air came the joy- 
                         ous piping and carolling and whistling 
                         of a long swarm of wild birds, like shrill 
                         bugle-calls of gay challenge. 
                     
                     
                         David's knees bent, and he sprang up- 
                         ward with whirring wings--up and up, 
                         the icy air streaming past his body, thun- 
                         dering in his ears, his nostrils drinking 
                         it. And the dull sorrow in his heart re- 
                         ceded in the bursting joy of flight and 
                         freedom. He was up among those shrill- 
                         ing, whistling birds now, the screaming 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         wind tearing laughter from his lips as 
                         they scattered in alarm from him. 
                     
                     
                         Then as they saw that this strange 
                         winged creature who had joined them 
                         made no move to harm them, the wild 
                         birds reformed their scattered flock. Far 
                         off across the dim, heaving plain of the 
                         waters glowed the dull red moon and the 
                         scattered lights of the mainland, the little 
                         lights of earthbound folk. The birds 
                         shrilled loud and David laughed and sang 
                         in joyous chorus as his great wings 
                         whirred in time with their own, trailing 
                         high across the night sky toward adven- 
                         ture and freedom, flying south. 
                     
                     
                         All through that night, and with brief 
                         rests through the next day also, David 
                         flew southward, for a time over endless 
                         waters and then over the green, fertile 
                         land. His hunger he satisfied by dipping 
                         toward trees loaded with ripening fruit. 
                         When the next night came he slept in 
                         a crotch high in a tall forest oak, crouched 
                         comfortably with his wings folded about 
                         him. 
                     
                     
                         It was not long before the world 
                         learned that the freak youth with wings 
                         was abroad. People in farms and vil- 
                         lages and cities looked up incredulously 
                         at that slim figure winging high over- 
                         head. Ignorant Negroes who had never 
                         heard of David Rand flung themselves 
                         prostrate in panic as he passed across the 
                         sky. 
                     
                     
                         Through all that winter there were re- 
                         ports of David from the southland, re- 
                         ports that made it evident he had be- 
                         come almost completely a creature of the 
                         wild. What greater pleasure than to soar 
                         through the long sun-drenched days over 
                         the blue tropic seas, to swoop on the sil- 
                         ver fish that broke from the waters, to 
                         gather strange fruits and sleep at night 
                         in a high tree close against the stars, and 
                         wake with dawn to another day of unfet- 
                         tered freedom? 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 78 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         Now and again he would circle un- 
                         suspected over some city at night, soar- 
                         ing slowly in the darkness and peering 
                         down curiously at the vast pattern of 
                         straggling lights and the blazing streets 
                         choked with swarms of people and ve- 
                         hicles. He would not enter those cities 
                         and he could not see how the people in 
                         them could bear to live so, crawling over 
                         the surface of the earth amid the rubbing 
                         and jostling of hordes like them, never 
                         knowing even for a moment the wild 
                         clean joy of soaring through blue infini- 
                         ties of sky. What could make life worth- 
                         while for such earthbound, ant-like folk? 
                     
                     
                         When the spring sun grew hotter and 
                         higher, and the birds began to flock to- 
                         gether in noisy swarms, David too felt 
                         something tugging him northward. So 
                         he flew north over the spring-green land, 
                         great bronzed wings tirelessly beating the 
                         air, a slim, tanned figure arrowing un- 
                         erringly north. 
                     
                     
                         He came at last to his goal, the island 
                         where he had lived most of his life. It 
                         lay lonely and deserted now in the empty 
                         waters, dust gathering over the things in 
                         the abandoned bungalow, the garden 
                         weed-grown. David settled down there 
                         for a time, sleeping upon the porch, mak- 
                         ing long flights for amusement, west 
                         over the villages and dingy cities, north 
                         over the rugged, wave-dashed coast, east 
                         over the blue sea; until at last the flowers 
                         began to die and the air grew frosty, and 
                         the deep urge tugged at David until again 
                         he joined the great flocks of winged 
                         things going south. 
                     
                     
                         North and south--south and north-- 
                         for three years that wild freedom of un- 
                         checked migration was his. In those three 
                         years he came to know mountain and 
                         valley, sea and river, storm and calm, and 
                         hunger and thirst, as only they of the 
                         wild know them. And in those years the 
                         world became accustomed to David, al- 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         most forgot him. He was the winged 
                         man, just a freak; there would never be 
                         another like him. 
                     
                     
                         THEN in the third spring there came 
                         the end to David Rand's winged 
                         freedom. He was on his spring flight 
                         north, and at dusk felt hunger. He made 
                         out in the twilight a suburban mansion 
                         amid extensive orchards and gardens, and 
                         swooped down toward it with ideas of 
                         early berries. He was very near the trees in 
                         the twilight when a gun roared from the 
                         ground. David felt a blinding stab of 
                         pain through his head, and knew nothing 
                         more. 
                     
                     
                         When he awoke, it was in a bed in a 
                         sunlit room. There were a kind-faced 
                         elderly man and a girl in the room, and 
                         another man who looked like a doctor. 
                         David discovered that there was a band- 
                         age around his head. These people, he 
                         saw, were all looking at him with intense 
                         interest. 
                     
                     
                         The elderly, kind-looking man said, 
                         "You're David Rand, the fellow with 
                         wings? Well, you're mighty lucky to be 
                         living." He explained, "You see, my 
                         gardener has been watching for a hawk 
                         that steals our chickens. When you 
                         swooped down in the dusk last night, he 
                         fired at you before he could recognize 
                         you. Some of the shot from his gun just 
                         grazed your head." 
                     
                     
                         The girl asked gently, "Are you feeling 
                         better now? The doctor says you'll soon 
                         be as good as ever." She added, "This is 
                         my father, Wilson Hall. I'm Ruth Hall." 
                     
                     
                         David stared up at her. He thought 
                         he had never seen anyone so beautiful as 
                         this shy, soft, dark girl with her curling 
                         black hair and tender, worried brown 
                         eyes. 
                     
                     
                         He suddenly knew the reason for the 
                         puzzling persistence with which the birds 
                         sought each other out and clung together 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 HE THAT HATH WINGS 79 
                 
                     
                     
                         in pairs, each mating season. He felt the 
                         same thing in his own breast now, the 
                         urge toward this girl. He did not think 
                         of it as love, but suddenly he loved her. 
                     
                     
                         He told Ruth Hall slowly, "I'm all 
                         right now." 
                     
                     
                         But she said, "You must stay here un- 
                         til you're completely well. It's the least 
                         we can do when it was our servant who 
                         almost killed you." 
                     
                     
                         David stayed, as the wound healed. 
                         He did not like the house, whose rooms 
                         seemed so dark and stiflingly close to him, 
                         but he found that he could stay outside 
                         during the day, and could sleep on a 
                         porch at night. 
                     
                     
                         Neither did he like the newspaper men 
                         and cameramen who came to Wilson 
                         Hall's house to get stories about the 
                         winged man's accident; but these soon 
                         ceased coming, for David Rand was not 
                         now the sensation he had been years ago. 
                         And while visitors to the Hall home 
                         stared rather disconcertingly at him and 
                         at his wings, he got used to that. 
                     
                     
                         He put up with everything, so that he 
                         might be near Ruth Hall. His love for 
                         her was a clean fire burning inside him 
                         and nothing in the world now seemed so 
                         desirable as that she should love him too. 
                         Yet because he was still mostly of the 
                         wild, and had had little experience in 
                         talking, he found it hard to tell her what 
                         he felt. 
                     
                     
                         He did tell her, finally, sitting beside 
                         her in the sunlit garden. When he had 
                         finished, Ruth's gentle brown eyes were 
                         troubled. 
                     
                     
                         "You want me to marry you, David?" 
                     
                     
                         "Why, yes," he said, a little puzzled. 
                         "That's what they call it when people 
                         mate, isn't it? And I want you for my 
                         mate." 
                     
                     
                         She said, distressed, "But David, your 
                         wings--" 
                     
                     
                         He laughed. "Why, there's nothing 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         the matter with my wings. The accident 
                         didn't hurt them. See!" 
                     
                     
                         And he leaped to his feet, whipping 
                         open the great bronze wings that glit- 
                         tred in the sunlight, looking like a figure 
                         of fable poised for a leap into the blue, 
                         his slim tanned body clad only in the 
                         shorts which were all the clothing he 
                         would wear. 
                     
                     
                         The trouble did not leave Ruth's eyes. 
                         She explained, "It's not that, David--it's 
                         that your wings make you so different from 
                         everybody else. Of course it's wonderful 
                         that you can fly, but they make you so 
                         different from everyone else that people 
                         look on you as a kind of freak." 
                     
                     
                         David stared. "You don't look on me 
                         as that, Ruth?" 
                     
                     
                         "Of course not," Ruth said. "But it 
                         does seem somehow a little abnormal, 
                         monstrous, your having wings." 
                     
                     
                         "Monstrous?" he repeated. "Why, it's 
                         nothing like that. It's just--beautiful, 
                         being able to fly. See!" 
                     
                     
                         And he sprang upward with great 
                         wings whirring--up and up, climbing 
                         into the blue sky, dipping and darting 
                         and turning up there like a swallow, then 
                         cometing down in a breathless swoop to 
                         land lightly on his toes beside the girl. 
                     
                     
                         "Is there anything monstrous about 
                         that?" he demanded joyously. "Why, 
                         Ruth, I want you to fly with me, held in 
                         my arms, so that you'll know the beauty 
                         of it as I know it." 
                     
                     
                         The girl shuddered a little. "I couldn't, 
                         David. I know it's silly, but when I see 
                         you in the air like that you don't seem 
                         so much a man as a bird, a flying animal, 
                         something unhuman." 
                     
                     
                         David Rand stared at her, suddenly 
                         miserable. "Then you won't marry me-- 
                         because of my wings?" 
                     
                     
                         He grasped her in his strong, tanned 
                         arms, his lips seeking her soft mouth. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 80 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         "Ruth, I can't live without you now 
                         that I've met you. I can't!" 
                     
                     
                         IT WAS on a night a little later that 
                         Ruth, somewhat hesitantly, made her 
                         suggestion. The moon flooded the gar- 
                         den with calm silver, gleamed on David 
                         Rand's folded wings as he sat with keen 
                         young face bent eagerly toward the girl. 
                     
                     
                         She said, "David, there is a way in 
                         which we could marry and be happy, if 
                         you love me enough to do it." 
                     
                     
                         "I'll do anything!" he cried. "You 
                         know that." 
                     
                     
                         She hesitated. 
                     
                     
                         "Your wings--they're what keep us 
                         apart. I can't have a husband who be- 
                         longs more to the wild creatures than to 
                         the human race, a husband whom every- 
                         one would consider a freak, a deformed 
                         oddity. But if you were to have your 
                         wings taken off--" 
                     
                     
                         He stared at her. "My wings taken 
                         off?" 
                     
                     
                         She explained in an eager little rush 
                         of words. "It's quite practicable, David. 
                         Doctor White, who treated you for that 
                         wound and who examined you then, has 
                         told me that it would be quite easy to 
                         amputate your wings above their bases. 
                         There would be no danger at all in it, and 
                         it would leave only the slight projection 
                         of the stumps on your back. Then you'd 
                         be a normal man and not a freak," she 
                         added, her soft face earnest and appeal- 
                         ing. "Father would give you a position 
                         in his business, and instead of an abnor- 
                         mal, roaming, half-human creature you 
                         would be like--like everyone else. We 
                         could be so happy then." 
                     
                     
                         David Rand was stunned. "Amputate 
                         my wings?" he repeated almost uncom- 
                         prehendingly. "You won't marry me un- 
                         less I do that?" 
                     
                     
                         "I can't," said Ruth painfully. "I love 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         you, David, I do--but I want my husband 
                         to be like other women's husbands." 
                     
                     
                         "Never to fly again," said David slow- 
                         ly, his face white in the moonlight: "To 
                         become earthbound, like everyone else! 
                         No!" he cried, springing to his feet in a 
                         wild revulsion. "I won't do it--I won't 
                         give up my wings! I won't become 
                         like--" 
                     
                     
                         He stopped abruptly. Ruth was sob- 
                         bing into her hands. All his anger gone, 
                         he stooped beside her, pulled down her 
                         hands, yearningly tilted up her soft, tear- 
                         stained face. 
                     
                     
                         "Don't cry, Ruth," he begged. "It 
                         isn't that I don't love you--I do, more 
                         than anything else on earth. But I had 
                         never thought of giving up my wings-- 
                         the idea stunned me." He told her, "You 
                         go on into the house. I must think it 
                         over a little." 
                     
                     
                         She kissed him, her mouth quivering, 
                         and then was gone through the moonlight 
                         to the house. And David Rand remained, 
                         his brain in turmoil, pacing nervously in 
                         the silver light. 
                     
                     
                         Give up his wrings? Never again to 
                         dip and soar and swoop with the winged 
                         things of the sky, never again to know 
                         the mad exaltation and tameless freedom 
                         of rushing flight? 
                     
                     
                         Yet--to give up Ruth--to deny this 
                         blind, irresistible yearning for her that 
                         beat in every atom of him--to know bit- 
                         ter loneliness and longing for her the rest 
                         of his life--how could he do that? He 
                         couldn't do it. He wouldn't. 
                     
                     
                         So David went rapidly toward the 
                         house and met the girl waiting for him 
                         on the moonlit terrace. 
                     
                     
                         "David?" 
                     
                     
                         "Yes, Ruth, I'll do it. I'll do anything 
                         for you." 
                     
                     
                         She sobbed happily on his breast. "I 
                         knew you really loved me, David. I 
                         knew it." 
                     
                 
                 W. T.--5 
             
             
                 
                 HE THAT HATH WINGS 81 
                 
                     
                     
                         Two days later David Rand came out 
                         of the mists of anesthesia in a hospital 
                         room, feeling very strange, his back an 
                         aching soreness. Doctor White and Ruth 
                         were bending over his bed. 
                     
                     
                         "Well, it was a complete success, young 
                         man," said the doctor. "You'll be out of 
                         here in a few days." 
                     
                     
                         Ruth's eyes were shining. "The day 
                         you leave, David, we'll be married." 
                     
                     
                         When they were gone, David slowly 
                         felt his back. Only the bandaged, pro- 
                         jecting stumps of his wings remained. He 
                         could move the great wing-muscles, but 
                         no whirring pinions answered. He felt 
                         dazed and strange, as though some most 
                         vital part of him was gone. But he clung 
                         to the thought of Ruth--of Ruth waiting 
                         for him-- 
                     
                     
                         And she was waiting for him, and they 
                         were married on the day he left the hos- 
                         pital. And in the sweetness of her love, 
                         David lost all of that strange dazed feel- 
                         ing, and almost forgot that once he had 
                         possessed wings and had roamed the sky 
                         a wild, winged thing. 
                     
                     
                         WILSON HALL gave his daughter and 
                         son-in-law a pretty white cottage 
                         on a wooded hill near town, and made 
                         a place for David in his business and was 
                         patient with his ignorance of commercial 
                         matters. And every day David drove his 
                         car into town and worked all day in his 
                         office and drove back homeward in the 
                         dusk to sit with Ruth before their fire, 
                         her head on his shoulder. 
                     
                     
                         "David, are you sorry that you did it?" 
                         Ruth would ask anxiously at first. 
                     
                     
                         And he would laugh and say, "Of 
                         course not, Ruth. Having you is worth 
                         anything." 
                     
                     
                         And he told himself that that was true, 
                         that he did not regret the loss of his 
                         wings. All that past time when he had 
                         flown the sky with whirring wings seemed 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         only a strange dream and only now had 
                         he awakened to real happiness, he assured 
                         himself. 
                     
                     
                         Wilson Hall told his daughter, "Da- 
                         vid's doing well down at the office. I was 
                         afraid he would always be a little wild, 
                         but he's settled down fine." 
                     
                     
                         Ruth nodded happily and said, "I knew 
                         that he would. And everyone likes him 
                         so much now." 
                     
                     
                         For people who once had looked 
                         askance at Ruth's marriage now remarked 
                         that it had turned out very well after all. 
                     
                     
                         "He's really quite nice. And except 
                         for the slight humps on his shoulders, 
                         you'd never think that he had been differ- 
                         ent from anyone else," they said. 
                     
                     
                         So the months slipped by. In the little 
                         cottage on the wooded hill was complete 
                         happiness until there came the fall, frost- 
                         ing the lawn with silver each morning, 
                         stamping crazy colors on the maples. 
                     
                     
                         One fall night David woke suddenly, 
                         wondering what had so abruptly awak- 
                         ened him. Ruth was still sleeping softly 
                         with gentle breathing beside him. He 
                         could hear no sound. 
                     
                     
                         Then he heard it. A far-away, ghostly 
                         whistling trailing down from the frosty 
                         sky, a remote, challenging shrilling that 
                         throbbed with a dim, wild note of puls- 
                         ing freedom. 
                     
                     
                         He knew what it was, instantly. He 
                         swung open the window and peered up 
                         into the night with beating heart. And 
                         up there he saw them, long, streaming 
                         files of hurtling wild birds, winging 
                         southward beneath the stars. In an in- 
                         stant the wild impulse to spring from the 
                         window, to rocket up after them into 
                         the clean, cold night, clamored blindly in 
                         David's heart. 
                     
                     
                         Instinctively the great wing-muscles at 
                         his back tensed. But only the stumps of his 
                         wings moved beneath his pajama jacket. 
                     
                 
                 W. T.--6 
             
             
                 
                 82 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         And suddenly he was limp, trembling, 
                         aghast at that blind surge of feeling. 
                         Why, for a moment he had wanted to 
                         go, to leave Ruth. The thought appalled 
                         him, was like a treachery against himself. 
                         He crept back into bed and lay, deter- 
                         minedly shutting his ears to that distant, 
                         joyous whistling that fled southward 
                         through the night 
                     
                     
                         THE next day he plunged determined- 
                         ly into his work at the office. But 
                         all through that day he found his eyes 
                         straying to the window's blue patch of 
                         sky. And week by week thereafter, all 
                         through the long months of winter and 
                         spring, the old wild yearning grew more 
                         and more an unreasonable ache inside his 
                         heart, stronger than ever when the flying 
                         creatures came winging north in spring. 
                     
                     
                         He told himself savagely, "You're a 
                         fool. You love Ruth more than anything 
                         else on earth and you have her. You 
                         don't want anything else." 
                     
                     
                         And again in the sleepless night he 
                         would assure himself, "I'm a man, and 
                         I'm happy to live a normal man's life, 
                         with Ruth." 
                     
                     
                         But in his brain old memories whis- 
                         pered slyly, "Do you remember that first 
                         time you flew, that mad thrill of soaring 
                         upward for the first time, the first giddy 
                         whirl and swoop and glide?" 
                     
                     
                         And the night wind outside the win- 
                         dow called, "Remember how you raced 
                         with me, beneath the stars and above the 
                         sleeping world, and how you laughed and 
                         sang as your wings fought me?" 
                     
                     
                         And David Rand buried his face in his 
                         pillow and muttered, "I'm not sorry I 
                         did it. I'm not!" 
                     
                     
                         Ruth awoke and asked sleepily, "Is 
                         anything the matter, David?" 
                     
                     
                         "No, dear," he told her, but when she 
                         slept again he felt the hot tears stinging 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         his eyelids, and whispered blindly, "I'm 
                         lying to myself. I want to fly again." 
                     
                     
                         But from Ruth, happily occupied with 
                         his comfort and their home and their 
                         friends, he concealed all that blind, buried 
                         longing. He fought to conquer it, destroy 
                         it, but could not. 
                     
                     
                         When no one else was by, he would 
                         watch with aching heart the swallows 
                         darting and diving in the sunset, or the 
                         hawk soaring high and remote in the 
                         blue, or the kingfisher's thrilling swoop. 
                         And then bitterly he would accuse himself 
                         of being a traitor to his own love for 
                         Ruth. 
                     
                     
                         Then that spring Ruth shyly told him 
                         something. "David, next fall--a child of 
                         ours--" 
                     
                     
                         He was startled. "Ruth, dear!" Then 
                         he asked, "You're not afraid that it 
                         might be--" 
                     
                     
                         She shook her head confidently. "No. 
                         Doctor White says there is no chance that 
                         it will be born abnormal as you were. He 
                         says that the different gene-characters 
                         that caused you to be born with wings are 
                         bound to be a recessive character, not a 
                         dominant, and that there is no chance of 
                         that abnormality being inherited. Aren't 
                         you glad?" 
                     
                     
                         "Of course," he said, holding her ten- 
                         derly. "It's going to be wonderful." 
                     
                     
                         Wilson Hall beamed at the news. "A 
                         grandchild--that's fine!" he exclaimed. 
                         "David, do you know what I'm going to 
                         do after its birth? I'm going to retire and 
                         leave you as head of the firm." 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, dad!" cried Ruth, and kissed her 
                         father joyfully. 
                     
                     
                         David stammered his thanks. And he 
                         told himself that this ended for good all 
                         his vague, unreasonable longings. He was 
                         going to have more than Ruth to think 
                         about now, was going to have the re- 
                         sponsibilities of a family man. 
                     
                     
                         He plunged into work with new zest. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 HE THAT HATH WINGS 83 
                 
                     
                     
                         For a few weeks he did entirely forget 
                         that old blind yearning, in his planning 
                         for things to come. He was all over that 
                         now, he told himself. 
                     
                     
                         Then suddenly his whole being was 
                         overturned by an amazing thing. For 
                         some time the wing-stumps on David's 
                         shoulders had felt sore and painful. Also 
                         it seemed they were much larger than 
                         they had been. He took occasion to ex- 
                         amine them in a mirror and was astound- 
                         ed to discover that they had grown out 
                         in two very large hump-like projections 
                         that curved downward on each side along 
                         his back. 
                     
                     
                         David Rand stared and stared into the 
                         mirror, a strange surmise in his eyes. 
                         Could it be possible that-- 
                     
                     
                         He called on Doctor White the next 
                         day, on another pretext. But before he 
                         left he asked casually, "Doctor, I was 
                         wondering, is there any chance that my 
                         wings would eyer start to grow out 
                         again?" 
                     
                     
                         Doctor White said thoughtfully, "Why, 
                         I suppose there is a chance of it, at that. 
                         A newt can regenerate a lost limb, you 
                         know, and numerous animals have simi- 
                         lar powers of regeneration. Of course an 
                         ordinary man cannot regenerate a lost 
                         arm or leg like that, but your body is not 
                         an ordinary one and your wings might 
                         possess some power of partial regenera- 
                         tion, for one time at least." He added, 
                         "You don't need to worry about it, 
                         though, David. If they start to grow out 
                         again, just come in and I'll remove them 
                         again without any trouble." 
                     
                     
                         David Rand thanked him and left. 
                         But day after day thereafter, he closely 
                         watched and soon saw beyond doubt that 
                         the freak of genes that had given him 
                         wings in the first place had also given 
                         him at least a partial power of regener- 
                         ating them. 
                     
                     
                         For the wings were growing out again, 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         day by day. The humps on his shoulders 
                         had become very much larger, though 
                         covered by his specially tailored coats the 
                         change in them was not noticed. They 
                         broke through late that summer in wings 
                         --real wings, though small as yet. Folded 
                         under his clothing, they were not ap- 
                         parent. 
                     
                     
                         David knew that he should go in and 
                         let the doctor amputate them before they 
                         got larger. He told himself that he did 
                         not any longer want wings--Ruth and 
                         the coming child and their future together 
                         were all that meant anything to him now. 
                     
                     
                         Yet still he did not say anything to 
                         anyone, kept the growing wings con- 
                         cealed and closed beneath his clothing. 
                         They were poor, weak wings, compared 
                         to his first ones, as though stunted by 
                         the previous amputation. It was unlikely 
                         that he would ever be able to fly with 
                         them, he thought, even if he wanted to, 
                         which he didn't. 
                     
                     
                         He told himself, though, that it would 
                         be easier to have them removed after 
                         they had attained their full size. Besides, 
                         he didn't want to disturb Ruth at this 
                         time by telling her that the wings had 
                         grown again. So he reassured himself, 
                         and so the weeks passed until by early 
                         October his second wings had grown to 
                         their full size, though they were stunted 
                         and pitiful compared to his first splendid 
                         pinions. 
                     
                     
                         ON THE first week in October, a little 
                         son was born to Ruth and David. 
                         A fine, strong-limbed little boy, without 
                         a trace of anything unusual about him. 
                         He was normal of weight, and his back 
                         was straight and smooth, and he would 
                         never have wings. And a few nights 
                         later they were all in the little cottage, 
                         admiring him. 
                     
                     
                         "Isn't he beautiful?" asked Ruth, look- 
                         ing up with eyes shining with pride. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 84 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         David nodded dumbly, his heart throb- 
                         bing with emotion as he looked down at 
                         the red, sleeping mite. His son! 
                     
                     
                         "He's wonderful," he said humbly. 
                         "Ruth, dear--I want to work the rest of 
                         my life for you and for him." 
                     
                     
                         Wilson Hall beamed on them and 
                         chuckled, "You're going to have a chance 
                         to do that, David. What I said last spring 
                         goes. This afternoon I formally resigned 
                         as head of the firm and saw that you were 
                         named as my successor." 
                     
                     
                         David tried to thank him. His heart 
                         was full with complete happiness, with 
                         love for Ruth and for their child. He 
                         felt that no one before had ever been so 
                         happy. 
                     
                     
                         Then after Wilson Hall had left, and 
                         Ruth was sleeping and he was alone, 
                         David suddenly realized that there was 
                         something he must do. 
                     
                     
                         He told himself sternly, "All these 
                         months you've been lying to yourself, 
                         making excuses for yourself, letting your 
                         wings grow again. In your heart, all that 
                         time, you were hoping that you would be 
                         able to fly again." 
                     
                     
                         He laughed. "Well, that's all over, 
                         now. I only told myself before that I 
                         didn't want to fly. It wasn't true, then, 
                         but it is now. I'll never again long for 
                         wings, for flying, now that I have both 
                         Ruth and the boy." 
                     
                     
                         No, never again--that was ended. He 
                         would drive into town this very night 
                         and have Doctor White remove these 
                         new-grown second wings. He would 
                         never even let Ruth know about them. 
                     
                     
                         Flushed with that resolve, he hurried 
                         out of the cottage into the windy dark- 
                         ness of the fall night. The red moon was 
                         lifting above the treetops eastward and 
                         by its dull light he started back toward 
                         the garage. All around him the trees 
                         were bending and creaking under the 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         brawling, jovial hammering of the hard 
                         north wind. 
                     
                     
                         David stopped suddenly. Down 
                         through the frosty night had come a faint, 
                         far sound that jerked his head erect. A 
                         distant, phantom whistling borne on the 
                         rushing wind, rising, falling, growing 
                         stronger and stronger--the wild birds, 
                         southing through the noisy night, shrill- 
                         ing their exultant challenge as the wind 
                         bore their wings onward. That wild 
                         throb of freedom that he had thought 
                         dead clutched hard of a sudden at David's 
                         heart. 
                     
                     
                         He stared up into the darkness with 
                         brilliant eyes, hair blowing in the wind. 
                         To be up tliere with them just once again 
                         --to fly with them just one more 
                         time-- 
                     
                     
                         Why not? Why not fly this one last 
                         time and so satisfy that aching longing 
                         before he lost these last wings? He would 
                         not go far, would make but a short flight 
                         and then return to have the wings re- 
                         moved, to devote his life to Ruth and 
                         their son. No one would ever know. 
                     
                     
                         Swiftly he stripped off his clothing in 
                         the darkness, stood erect, spreading the 
                         wings that had been so long concealed 
                         and confined. Quaking doubt assailed 
                         him. Could he fly at all, now? Would 
                         these poor, stunted, second wings even 
                         bear him aloft for a few minutes? No, 
                         they wouldn't--he knew they wouldn't! 
                     
                     
                         The wild wind roared louder through 
                         the groaning trees, the silvery shrilling 
                         high overhead came louder. David stood 
                         poised, knees bent, wings spread for the 
                         leap upward, agony on his white face. 
                         He couldn't try it--he knew that he 
                         couldn't leave the ground. 
                     
                     
                         But the wind was shouting in his ears, 
                         "You can do it, you can fly again! See, 
                         I am behind you, waiting to lift you, 
                         ready to race you up there under the 
                         stars!" 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 HE THAT HATH WINGS 85 
                 
                     
                     
                     
                         And the exultant, whistling voices high 
                         above were shrilling, "Upward--up with 
                         us! You belong among us, not down 
                         there! Upward--fly!" 
                     
                     
                         He sprang! The stunted wings smote 
                         the air wild, and he was soaring! The 
                         dark trees, the lighted window of the 
                         cottage, the whole hilltop, dropped be- 
                         hind and below him as his wings bore 
                         him upward on the bellowing wind. 
                     
                     
                         Up, up--clean, hard battering of the 
                         cold air on his face once more, the crazy 
                         roaring of the wind around him, the great 
                         thrash of his wings bearing him higher 
                         and higher. 
                     
                     
                         David Rand's high, ringing laughter 
                         pealed out on the screaming wind as he 
                         flew on between the stars and the nighted 
                         earth. Higher and higher, right up 
                         among the shrilling, southing birds that 
                         companioned him on either side. On and 
                         on he flew with them. 
                     
                     
                         He knew suddenly that this alone was 
                         living, this alone was waking. All that 
                         other life that had been his, down there, 
                         that had been the dream, and he had 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         awakened from it now. It was not he 
                         who worked in an office and had loved 
                         a woman and a child down there. It was 
                         a dream David Rand who had done that, 
                         and the dream was over now. 
                     
                     
                         Southward, southward, he rushed 
                         through the night, and the wind 
                         screamed, and the moon rose higher, un- 
                         til at last the land passed from beneath 
                         and he flew with the flying birds over 
                         moonlit plains of ocean. He knew that 
                         it was madness to fly on with these poor 
                         wings that already were tiring and weak- 
                         ening, but he had no thought in his ex- 
                         ultant brain of turning back. To fly on, 
                         to fly this one last time, that was enough! 
                     
                     
                         So that when his tired wings began at 
                         last to fail, and he began to sink lower 
                         and lower toward the silvered waters, 
                         there was no fear and no regret in his 
                         breast. It was what he had always ex- 
                         pected and wanted, at the end, and he 
                         was drowsily glad--glad to be falling as 
                         all they with wings must finally fall, after 
                         a brief lifetime of wild, sweet flight, 
                         dropping contentedly to rest. 
                     
                 
                 
                 
                     
                         Microcosms 
                     
                     
                         By  EDGAR DANIEL KRAMER 
                         
                     
                     In this strange thing we call today  Are all the ages that have gone  Since Beauty with her mystic sway  Bid Qiaos
                        flee before the dawn. 
                     In this strange thing we hold so dear,  This flesh that crumbles into dust,  Are souls of idiot and seer,  The
                        dead years' godliness and lust. 
                 
             
             
                 
                 
                 
                     Mother of Toads 
                 
                 
                     By  CLARK ASHTON SMITH  
                 
                 
                     Weird and powerful was the effect on the young apprentice of the potion given him by Mre Antoinette, known by the villagers
                        as "the Mother of Toads"  
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "WHY must you always hurry 
                         away, my little one?" 
                     
                     
                         The voice of Mre Antoi- 
                         nette, the witch, was an amorous croak- 
                         ing. She ogled Pierre, the apothecary's 
                         young apprentice, with eyes full-orbed 
                         and unblinking as those of a toad. The 
                         folds beneath her chin swelled like the 
                         throat of some great batrachian. Her 
                         short flat fingers, outspread on her soiled 
                         apron, revealed an appearance as of nar- 
                         row webs between their first flanges. 
                     
                     
                         Pierre Baudin, as usual, gave no answer 
                         but turned his eyes from Mre Antoi- 
                         nette with an air of impatience. Her 
                         voice, raucously coaxing, persisted: 
                     
                     
                         "Stay awhile tonight, my pretty or- 
                         phan. No one will miss you in the vil- 
                         lage. And your master will not mind." 
                     
                     
                         Pierre tossed his head with the disdain 
                         of a young Adonis. The witch was more 
                         than twice his age, and her charms were 
                         too uncouth and unsavory to tempt him 
                         for an instant. She was repellently fat 
                         and lumpish, and her skin possessed an 
                         unwholesome pallor. Also, her repute 
                         was such as to have nullified the attrac- 
                         tions of a younger and fairer sorceress. 
                         Her witchcraft had made her feared 
                         among the peasantry of that remote prov- 
                         ince, where belief in spells and philtres 
                         was still common. The people of 
                         Averoigne called her La Mre des Cra- 
                         pauds, Mother of Toads, a name given 
                         for more than one reason. Toads swarmed 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         innumerably about her hut; they were 
                         said to be her familiars, and dark tales 
                         were told concerning their relationship to 
                         the sorceress, and the duties they per- 
                         formed at her bidding. Such tales were 
                         all the more readily believed because of 
                         those batrachian features that had always 
                         been remarked in her aspect. 
                     
                     
                         The youth disliked her, even as he dis- 
                         liked the sluggish, abnormally large toads 
                         on which he had sometimes trodden in 
                         the dusk, upon the path between her hut 
                         and the village of Les Hiboux. He could 
                         hear some of these creatures croaking 
                         now; and it seemed, weirdly, that they 
                         uttered half-articulate echoes of the 
                         witch's words. 
                     
                     
                         It would be dark soon, he reflected. 
                         The path along the marshes was not 
                         pleasant by night, and he felt doubly 
                         anxious to depart. Still without replying 
                         to Mre Antoinette's invitation, he 
                         reached for the black triangular vial she 
                         had set before him on her greasy table. 
                         The vial contained a philtre of curious 
                         potency which his master, Alain le Din- 
                         don, had sent him to procure. Le Din- 
                         don, the village apothecary, was wont to 
                         deal surreptitiously in certain dubious 
                         medicaments supplied by the witch; and 
                         Pierre had often gone on such errands to 
                         her osier-hidden hut. 
                     
                     
                         The old apothecary, whose humor was 
                         rough and ribald, had sometimes rallied 
                         Pierre concerning Mre Antoinette's pref- 
                     
                 
                 86 
             
             
                 
                 MOTHER OF TOADS 87 
                 
                     
                     
                         erence for him. Remembering certain 
                         admonitory gibes, more witty than decent, 
                         the boy flushed angrily as he turned to go. 
                     
                     
                         "Stay," insisted Mre Antoinette. "The 
                         fog is cold on the marshes; and it thick- 
                         ens apace. I knew that you were coming, 
                         and I have mulled for you a goodly meas- 
                         ure of the red wine of Ximes." 
                     
                     
                         She removed the lid from an earthen 
                         pitcher and poured its steaming contents 
                         into a large cup. The purplish-red wine 
                         creamed delectably, and an odor of hot, 
                         delicious spices filled the hut, overpower- 
                         ing the less agreeable odors from the 
                         simmering cauldron, the half-dried newts, 
                         vipers, bat-wings and evil, nauseous herbs 
                         hanging on the walls, and the reek of the 
                         black candles of pitch and corpse-tallow 
                         that burned always, by noon or night, in 
                         that murky interior. 
                     
                     
                         "I'll drink it," said Pierre, a little 
                         grudgingly; "that is, if it contains noth- 
                         ing of your own concoction." 
                     
                     
                         "'Tis naught but sound wine, four 
                         seasons old, with spices of Arabia," the 
                         sorceress croaked ingratiatingly. "'Twill 
                         warm your stomach . . . and . . ." She 
                         added something inaudible as Pierre ac- 
                         cepted the cup. 
                     
                     
                         Before drinking, he inhaled the fumes 
                         of the beverage with some caution but 
                         was reassured by its pleasant smell. Sure- 
                         ly it was innocent of any drug, any philtre 
                         brewed by the witch: for, to his knowl- 
                         edge, her preparations were all evil- 
                         smelling. 
                     
                     
                         Still, as if warned by some premoni- 
                         tion, he hesitated. Then he remembered 
                         that the sunset air was indeed chill; that 
                         mists had gathered furtively behind him 
                         as he came to Mre Antoinette's dwell- 
                         ing. The wine would fortify him for the 
                         dismal return walk to Les Hiboux. He 
                         quaffed it quickly and set down the cup. 
                     
                     
                         "Truly, it is good wine," he declared. 
                         "But I mu[s]t go now." 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Even as he spoke, he felt in his stomach 
                         and veins the spreading warmth of the 
                         alcohol, of the spices . . . of something 
                         more ardent than these. It seemed that 
                         his voice was unreal and strange, falling 
                         as if from a height above him. The 
                         warmth grew, mounting within him like 
                         a golden flame fed by magic oils. His 
                         blood, a seething torrent, poured tumul- 
                         tuously and more tumultuously through 
                         his members. 
                     
                     
                         There was a deep soft thundering in 
                         his ears, a rosy dazzlement in his eyes. 
                         Somehow the hut appeared to expand, to 
                         change luminously about him. He hardly 
                         recognized its squalid furnishings, its lit- 
                         ter of baleful oddments, on which a tor- 
                         rid splendor was shed by the black can- 
                         dles, tipped with ruddy fire, that towered 
                         and swelled gigantically into the soft 
                         gloom. His blood burned as with the 
                         throbbing flame of the candles. 
                     
                     
                         It came to him, for an instant, that all 
                         this was a questionable enchantment, a 
                         glamor wrought by the witch's wine. 
                         Fear was upon him and he wished to 
                         flee. Then, close beside him, he saw 
                         Mre Antoinette. 
                     
                     
                         Briefly he wondered why he had 
                         thought her old and gross and repulsive: 
                         for it seemed that he looked upon Lilith, 
                         the first witch. . . . The lumpish limbs 
                         and body had grown voluptuous; the pale, 
                         thick-lipped mouth enticed him with a 
                         promise of ampler kisses than other 
                         mouths could yield. He knew why the 
                         magic warmth mounted ever higher and 
                         hotter within him. . . . 
                     
                     
                         "Do you like me now, my little one?" 
                         she questioned. . . . 
                     
                     
                         PIERRE awoke in the ashy dawn, when 
                         the tall black tapers had dwindled 
                         down and had melted limply in their 
                         sockets. Sick and confused, he sought 
                         vainly to remember where he was or 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 88 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         what he had done. Then, turning a lit- 
                         tle, he saw beside him on the couch a 
                         thing that was like some impossible mon- 
                         ster of ill dreams: a toad-like form, large 
                         as a fat woman. Its limbs were somehow 
                         like a woman's arms and legs. Its pale, 
                         warty body pressed and bulged against 
                         him, and he felt the rounded softness of 
                         something that resembled a breast. 
                     
                     
                         Nausea rose within him as memory of 
                         that delirious night returned. Most foully 
                         he had been beguiled by the witch, and 
                         had succumbed to her evil enchantments. 
                     
                     
                         It seemed that an incubus smothered 
                         him, weighing upon all his limbs and 
                         body. He shut his eyes, that he might no 
                         longer behold the loathsome thing that 
                         was Mre Antoinette in her true sem- 
                         blance. Slowly, with prodigious effort, 
                         he drew himself away from the crushing 
                         nightmare shape. It did not stir or ap- 
                         pear to waken; and he slid quickly from 
                         the couch. 
                     
                     
                         Again, compelled by a noisome fas- 
                         cination, he peered at the thing on the 
                         couch--and saw only the gross form of 
                         Mre Antoinette. Perhaps his impression 
                         of a great toad beside him had been but 
                         an illusion, a half-dream that lingered 
                         after slumber. He lost something of his 
                         nightmarish horror; but his gorge still 
                         rose in a sick disgust, remembering the 
                         lewdness to which he had yielded. 
                     
                     
                         Fearing that the witch might awaken 
                         at any moment and seek to detain him, 
                         he stole noiselessly from the hut. It was 
                         broad daylight, but a cold, hueless mist 
                         lay everywhere, shrouding the reedy 
                         marshes, and hanging like a ghostly cur- 
                         tain on the path he must follow to Les 
                         Hiboux. Moving and seething always, 
                         the mist seemed to reach toward him with 
                         intercepting fingers as he started home- 
                         ward. He shivered at its touch, he bowed 
                         his head and drew his cloak closer around 
                         him. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Thicker and thicker the mist swirled, 
                         coiling, writhing endlessly, as if to bar 
                         Pierre's progress. He could discern the 
                         twisting, narrow path for only a few 
                         paces in advance. It was hard to find the 
                         familiar landmarks, hard to recognize the 
                         osiers and willows that loomed suddenly 
                         before him like gray phantoms and faded 
                         again into the white nothingness as he 
                         went onward. Never had he seen such 
                         fog: it was like the blinding, stifling 
                         fumes of a thousand witch-stirred caul- 
                         drons. 
                     
                     
                         Though he was not altogether sure of 
                         his surroundings, Pierre thought that he 
                         had covered half the distance to the vil- 
                         lage. Then, all at once, he began to meet 
                         the toads. They were hidden by the mist 
                         till he came close upon them. Misshapen, 
                         unnaturally big and bloated, they squat- 
                         ted in his way on the little footpath or 
                         hopped sluggishly before him from the 
                         pallid gloom on either hand. 
                     
                     
                         Several struck against his feet with a 
                         horrible and heavy flopping. He stepped 
                         unaware upon one of them, and slipped 
                         in the squashy noisomeness it had made, 
                         barely saving himself from a headlong 
                         fall on the bog's rim. Black, miry water 
                         gloomed close beside him as he staggered 
                         there. 
                     
                     
                         Turning to regain his path, he crushed 
                         others of the toads to an abhorrent pulp 
                         under his feet. The marshy soil was alive 
                         with them. They flopped against him 
                         from the mist, striking his legs, his 
                         bosom, his very face with their clammy 
                         bodies. They rose up by scores like a 
                         devil-driven legion. It seemed that there 
                         was a malignance, an evil purpose in their 
                         movements, in the buffeting of their vio- 
                         lent impact. He could make no progress 
                         on the swarming path, but lurched to 
                         and fro, slipping blindly, and shielding 
                         his face with lifted hands. He felt an 
                         eery consternation, an eldritch horror. It 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 MOTHER OF TOADS 89 
                 
                     
                     
                         was as if the nightmare of his awaken- 
                         ing in the witch's hut had somehow re- 
                         turned upon him. 
                     
                     
                         The toads came always from the direc- 
                         tion of Les Hiboux, as if to drive him 
                         back toward Mre Antoinette's dwelling. 
                         They bounded against him like a mon- 
                         strous hail, like missiles flung by unseen 
                         demons. The ground was covered by 
                         them, the air was filled with their hurt- 
                         ling bodies. Once, he nearly went down 
                         beneath them. 
                     
                     
                         Their number seemed to increase, they 
                         pelted him in a noxious storm. He gave 
                         way before them, his courage broke, and 
                         he started to run at random, without 
                         knowing that he had left the safe path. 
                         Losing all thought of direction, in his 
                         frantic desire to escape from those im- 
                         possible myriads, he plunged on amid 
                         the dim reeds and sedges, over ground 
                         that quivered gelatinously beneath him. 
                         Always at his heels he heard the soft, 
                         heavy flopping of the toads; and some- 
                         times they rose up like a sudden wall to 
                         bar his way and turn him aside. More 
                         than once, they drove him back from the 
                         verge of hidden quagmires into which 
                         he would otherwise have fallen. It was 
                         as if they were herding him deliberately 
                         and concertedly to a destined goal. 
                     
                     
                         NOW, like the lifting of a dense cur- 
                         tain, the mist rolled away, and 
                         Pierre saw before him in a golden dazzle 
                         of morning sunshine the green, thick- 
                         growing osiers that surrounded Mre 
                         Antoinette's hut. The toads had all dis- 
                         appeared, though he could have sworn 
                         that hundreds of them were hopping 
                         close about him an instant previously. 
                         With a feeling of helpless fright and 
                         panic, he knew that he was still within 
                         the witch's toils; that the toads were in- 
                         deed her familiars, as so many people 
                         believed them to be. They had prevented 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         his escape, and had brought him back to 
                         the foul creature . . . whether woman, 
                         batrachian, or both . . . who was known 
                         as the Mother of Toads. 
                     
                     
                         Pierre's sensations were those of one 
                         who sinks momently deeper into some 
                         black and bottomless quicksand. He saw 
                         the witch emerge from the hut and come 
                         toward him. Her thick fingers, with pale 
                         folds of skin between them like the be- 
                         ginnings of a web, were stretched and 
                         flattened on the steaming cup that she 
                         carried. A sudden gust of wind arose 
                         as if from nowhere, and bore to Pierre's 
                         nostrils the hot, familiar spices of the 
                         drugged wine. 
                     
                     
                         "Why did you leave so hastily, my 
                         little one?" There was an amorous 
                         wheedling in the very tone of the witch's 
                         question. "I should not have let you go 
                         without another cup of the good red 
                         wine, mulled and spiced for the warming 
                         of your stomach. . . . See, I have pre- 
                         pared it for you . . . knowing that you 
                         would return." 
                     
                     
                         She came very close to him as she 
                         spoke, leering and sidling, and held the 
                         cup toward his lips. Pierre grew dizzy 
                         with the strange fumes and turned his 
                         head away. It seemed that a paralyzing 
                         spell had seized his muscles, for the sim- 
                         ple movement required an immense ef- 
                         fort. 
                     
                     
                         His mind, however, was still clear, 
                         and the sick revulsion of that nightmare 
                         dawn returned upon him. He saw again 
                         the great toad that had lain at his side 
                         when he awakened. 
                     
                     
                         "I will not drink your wine," he said 
                         firmly. "You are a foul witch, and I 
                         loathe you. Let me go." 
                     
                     
                         "Why do you loathe me?" croaked 
                         Mre Antoinette. "I can give you all that 
                         other women give . . . and more." 
                     
                     
                         "You are not a woman," said Pierre. 
                         "You are a big toad. I saw you in your 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 90 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         true shape this morning. I'd rather 
                         drown in the marsh-waters than stay with 
                         you again." 
                     
                     
                         An indescribable change came upon 
                         the sorceress before Pierre had finished 
                         speaking. The leer slid from her thick 
                         and pallid features, leaving them blankly 
                         inhuman for an instant. Then her eyes 
                         bulged and goggled horribly, and her 
                         whole body appeared to swell as if in- 
                         flated with venom. 
                     
                     
                         "Go, then!" she spat with a guttural 
                         virulence. "But you will soon wish that 
                         you had stayed." 
                     
                     
                         The queer paralysis had lifted from 
                         Pierre's muscles. It was as if the injunc- 
                         tion of the angry witch had served to 
                         revoke an insidious, half-woven spell. 
                         With no parting glance or word, Pierre 
                         turned from her and fled with long, 
                         hasty steps, almost running, on the path 
                         to Les Hiboux. 
                     
                     
                         HE HAD gone little more than a hun- 
                         dred paces when the fog began to 
                         return. It coiled shoreward in vast vol- 
                         umes from the marshes, it poured like 
                         smoke from the very ground at his feet. 
                         Almost instantly, the sun dimmed to a 
                         wan silver disk and disappeared. The 
                         blue heavens were lost in the pale and 
                         seething voidness overhead. The path 
                         before Pierre was blotted out till he 
                         seemed to walk on the sheer rim of a 
                         white abyss, that moved with him as he 
                         went. 
                     
                     
                         Like the clammy arms of specters, with 
                         death-chill fingers that clutched and ca- 
                         ressed, the weird mists drew closer still 
                         about Pierre. They thickened in his nos- 
                         trils and throat, they dripped in a heavy 
                         dew from his garments. They choked 
                         him with the fetor of rank waters and 
                         putrescent ooze . . . and a stench as of 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         liquefying corpses that had risen some- 
                         where to the surface amid the fen. 
                     
                     
                         Then, from the blank whiteness, the 
                         toads assailed Pierre in a surging, solid 
                         wave that towered above his head and 
                         swept him from the dim path with the 
                         force of falling seas as it descended. He 
                         went down, splashing and floundering, 
                         into water that swarmed with the num- 
                         berless batrachians. Foul slime was in his 
                         mouth and nose as he struggled to regain 
                         his footing. The water, however, was 
                         only knee-deep, and the bottom, though 
                         slippery and oozy, supported him with 
                         little yielding when he stood erect. 
                     
                     
                         He discerned indistinctly through the 
                         mist the near-by margin from which he 
                         had fallen. But his steps were weirdly 
                         and horribly hampered by the toad-seeth- 
                         ing waters when he strove to reach it. 
                         Inch by inch, with a hopeless panic deep- 
                         ening upon him, he fought toward the 
                         solid shore. The toads leaped and tum- 
                         bled about him with a dizzying eddy-like 
                         motion. They swirled like a viscid under- 
                         tow around his feet and shins. They 
                         swept and swirled in great loathsome un- 
                         dulations against his retarded knees. 
                     
                     
                         However, he made slow and painful 
                         progress, till his outstretched fingers 
                         could almost grasp the wiry sedges that 
                         trailed from the low bank. Then, from 
                         that mist-bound shore, there fell and 
                         broke upon him a second deluge of these 
                         demoniac toads; and Pierre was borne 
                         helplessly backward into the filthy waters. 
                     
                     
                         Held down by the piling and crawling 
                         masses, and drowning in nauseous dark- 
                         ness at the thick-oozed bottom, he clawed 
                         feebly at his assailants. For a moment, 
                         ere oblivion came, his fingers found 
                         among them the outlines of a monstrous 
                         form that was somehow toad-like . . . 
                         but large and heavy as a fat woman., 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 
                 
                     Escape 
                 
                  By  PAUL ERNST  
                 
                 
                     A brief weird tale about the escape of a madman 
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         HE HAD the craziest form of crazi- 
                         ness I've ever seen. 
                     
                     
                         Of course, I hasten to add, I 
                         hadn't seen much. I'd been through an 
                         asylum once before, as now, to get a story 
                         for my paper on treatment and conditions 
                         of State inmates, and that was all. On 
                         that former trip I'd witnessed nothing 
                         like this; nor had I, till now, on this trip. 
                     
                     
                         The man didn't look crazy. So often 
                         they don't. He was a medium-sized chap 
                         with gray in his hair and a look of sad- 
                         ness on his thin, mild face. A look of 
                         sadness--and determination. Neatly 
                         dressed, precise of movement, he was 
                         very busy in his cell. He paid no atten- 
                         tion for a while as the guard and I stood 
                         at the barred door and watched him. 
                     
                     
                         He was building something. He would 
                         pick up a tool, adjust it carefully, work 
                         with all the delicacy of a watchmaker for 
                         a moment. Then he would lay the tool 
                         down and pick up a gage and check his 
                         work. All very accurate and careful. 
                     
                     
                         The only thing was that you couldn't 
                         see what he was building. And you 
                         couldn't see any tools, nor gages nor 
                         work-bench. There was nothing in the 
                         cell but the man, and a bolted-down cot 
                         and chair. 
                     
                     
                         Nevertheless, the fellow was extraor- 
                         dinarily industrious. He would seize a 
                         nonexistent tool, examine it with a 
                         frown, and then use it on thin air, after 
                         which would come the inevitable measur- 
                         ing movements. 
                     
                     
                         "It certainly looks," I said in a low 
                         tone to the attendant, "as though there 
                         should be something there." 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         The attendant grinned and nodded. 
                         And I continued to watch, fascinated. 
                     
                     
                         You could follow the man through his 
                         whole box of tools, from his rational 
                         movements. Now he was boring a hole, 
                         obviously a very small hole, with a tiny 
                         metal-drill equipped with an egg-beater 
                         handle. Now he was just touching a 
                         surface with a file. Now he was sawing 
                         something else, after which he took the 
                         sawed part from an imaginary work- 
                         bench and tried it in its place--whatever 
                         and wherever that was. 
                     
                     
                         I got still another glimpse of unity of 
                         effort as I watched him. Each little period 
                         of accurate workmanship ended with a 
                         trip four steps to his left, to a corner of 
                         his cell which was bright with sunlight. 
                         There, his motions said, was the thing he 
                         was working on. There was the object, 
                         slowly growing bit by accurate bit, which 
                         he was making and assembling. 
                     
                     
                         It was uncanny. There simply ought to 
                         have been something there--a cabinet, 
                         chair, whatnot--and there wasn't. 
                     
                     
                         The man slowly screwed an imaginary 
                         part to an imaginary whole, then laid 
                         down his imaginary screw-driver and 
                         walked to the door, for the first time 
                         acknowledging our presence there. 
                     
                     
                         "Hello, Nick," he said to the attend- 
                         ant. His voice was as mild and as sad 
                         and as oddly determined as the rest of 
                         him. 
                     
                     
                         "Hello," said the attendant aifably. 
                         His good-natured, broad face turned from 
                         the man in the cell toward me. 
                     
                     
                         "Meet Mr. Freer, Mr. Gannet. Mr. 
                         Freer's with a newspaper." 
                     
                     
                 
                 91 
             
             
                 
                 92 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         "Oh?" said Gannet, politely. He put 
                         out his hand so that I could shake it if I 
                         reached through the bars of his door a 
                         little. I hesitated, then grasped it. He 
                         didn't look dangerous. 
                     
                     
                         "How're you doing with your what-is- 
                         it, Gannet?" the attendant said, nodding 
                         solemnly toward the bright corner where 
                         lay the object of the man's attentions. 
                     
                     
                         "Pretty well," said Gannet. "This 
                         damned floor isn't quite level. It's three 
                         thirty-seconds of an inch to the foot off. 
                         I have to allow for that in every line and 
                         angle, and it makes it needlessly diffi- 
                         cult." 
                     
                     
                         "What is it you're building?" asked 
                         Nick wheedlingly. "You won't tell any 
                         of us, but won't you tell Mr. Freer, for 
                         his newspaper story?" 
                     
                     
                         "There it is," shrugged Gannet, point- 
                         ing to the corner. "See for yourself." 
                     
                     
                         I stared involuntarily at the corner, 
                         then, feeling like a fool, back at his mild, 
                         sad face. Was there a ghost of a twinkle 
                         in his gray eyes? Or was it my imagina- 
                         tion? I couldn't tell. I was beginning to 
                         feel a little crazy myself. 
                     
                     
                         WE WALKED away. The big library 
                         and lounging-room where the al- 
                         most-cured could sit and read was left for 
                         me to see. But I looked around without 
                         much interest as we passed through. I 
                         kept thinking of Gannet. 
                     
                     
                         "Has he been going through that set 
                         of motions very long?" I asked the at- 
                         tendant. 
                     
                     
                         "He started right after he got here," 
                         said Nick. "That was a year ago. He 
                         came here raving, trying to fight free and 
                         get back to the house where he'd lived 
                         with his son and daughter-in-law. There 
                         was something in his room he had to get, 
                         he said. Then he calmed down, and next 
                         day began going through the routine you 
                         saw. Some days he 'works' only a few 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         hours, sometimes all day long and up 
                         until lights-out at night." 
                     
                     
                         "The way he puttered around that cor- 
                         ner made me think I was off myself, for 
                         not seeing something there," I said. "It 
                         was amazingly realistic. As though you 
                         could surely feel what he was working 
                         on, even if you couldn't see it. Has any- 
                         body ever felt around that comer where 
                         he spends his time?" 
                     
                     
                         "Hey, boy," said Nick, "easy, now. 
                         Pretty soon we'll be sending a wagon for 
                         you." 
                     
                     
                         "But has anybody?" I persisted, 
                         smiling. 
                     
                     
                         "No. That's the one thing that brings 
                         out Gannet's kink: If anyone gets too 
                         close to that corner he gets quite violent. 
                         So we don't even clean there. We're try- 
                         ing to cure these folks, not upset 'em 
                         needlessly." 
                     
                     
                         We went out the massive door of the 
                         main building, where a stalwart attendant 
                         eyed us sharply. There were nicely kept 
                         grounds, and then a high fence with 
                         inward-slanting barbs on its top. 
                     
                     
                         "You don't want anybody to escape 
                         from here, do you?" I said, nodding to- 
                         ward the heavy door and the high fence. 
                     
                     
                         Nick grinned. "Nope. And nobody 
                         ever has. Or ever will, I reckon. See you 
                         in church." 
                     
                     
                         But he saw me sooner than that. 
                     
                     
                         I kept thinking of the spare, mild- 
                         mannered man with the sad, determined 
                         eyes all evening, after I'd handed my 
                         story in to the paper. I kept thinking 
                         about him next morning. And next after- 
                         noon saw me at the asylum again, stand- 
                         ing in front of Gannet's barred door. 
                     
                     
                         He was as busy as he had been yester- 
                         day. But his activity seemed more mental 
                         than physical today. He would stand in 
                         the center of his cell, hand rubbing jaw, 
                         while he stared at the sunny corner. Then 
                         he would walk to the corner and touch a 
                         spot in midair with an inquisitive fore- 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 ESCAPE 93 
                 
                     
                     
                         finger. Then he would step back and 
                         survey the atmosphere again, eyes run- 
                         ning slowly up and down as though over 
                         the lines of a quite tangible thing. 
                     
                     
                         Finally he took something out of his 
                         pocket and walked with a more decisive 
                         air to the corner. I saw his hands move 
                         close together, for all the world as 
                         though he were adjusting a micrometer 
                         or other delicate measuring-device. He 
                         applied his hands to the questionable 
                         point in nothingness. 
                     
                     
                         As he had done yesterday, he paid no 
                         attention to observers at his door, at first. 
                         But finally he spoke, without looking up 
                         from his task. 
                     
                     
                         "Hello, Freer." 
                     
                     
                         "Hello," I said. Gannet had an unim- 
                         paired memory, at any rate. 
                     
                     
                         "Come for another story?" 
                     
                     
                         "In a way," I evaded. 
                     
                     
                         He shook his head, meanwhile step- 
                         ping a foot to the right and staring criti- 
                         cally at nothing. 
                     
                     
                         "I don't see how you stand it." 
                     
                     
                         "Stand what?" 
                     
                     
                         "Your work. The madness and despair 
                         of humanity--that's your stock in trade. 
                         You deal in war and famine and flood, 
                         in social injustice and political and civil 
                         brutalities. They're the intimate facts of 
                         your life. I don't see how you can live 
                         among such things. I can't even read 
                         about them." 
                     
                     
                         I stared at him. I'd never met a man 
                         who seemed less crazy. 
                     
                     
                         "Whether you face the facts intimately 
                         or detachedly," I said, "they are still facts 
                         and they're still there. You can't avoid 
                         them." 
                     
                     
                         "But you can. At least I can. And I'm 
                         going to. I'm getting out of all this." 
                     
                     
                         He squatted on his haunches, and be- 
                         gan running his hands slowly over space, 
                         up and down, then horizontally. He 
                         straightened and repeated the process. 
                         I'll swear I could make out what he had 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         in his mind. It was a sort of chair, with 
                         a very high back and unusually high 
                         arms. 
                     
                     
                         Just as I had decided this--he sat in it. 
                     
                     
                         You've seen stage tricksters sit in chairs 
                         with arms folded, when there are no 
                         chairs there to sit in? Well, this was the 
                         same. I gaped at Gannet, sitting in thin 
                         air. Not an impossible stunt, but always 
                         an arresting one. 
                     
                     
                         He got up and came to the door. 
                     
                     
                         "I can't take life as it's lived today, 
                         Gannet. A weakness, no doubt, but there 
                         you are." 
                     
                     
                         "So you're getting out of it," I nodded. 
                     
                     
                         "So I'm getting out of it. It's not for 
                         nothing that I am a mathematician and 
                         an inventor." 
                     
                     
                         What a shame! I almost said it aloud, 
                         but didn't. I'd conceived a positive fancy 
                         for the sad-faced Mr. Gannet. 
                     
                     
                         He stared at me quizzically. 
                     
                     
                         "You needn't hunt up Nick," he said. 
                         "I'm not hinting at suicide. It's a more 
                         literal escape, I mean." 
                     
                     
                         "Escape? With these barred doors, the 
                         high wall outside?" 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, walls! Bars!" He waved his 
                         hand, dismissing them. 
                     
                     
                         He walked back to his sunny corner 
                         and resumed his critical ocular and man- 
                         ual examinations of--nothing. 
                     
                     
                         "You may have another story tomor- 
                         row, Freer," he said mildly. And then he 
                         turned his back, thereby dismissing me as 
                         he had the walls and bolts of his confine- 
                         ment. 
                     
                     
                         I HUNTED up Nick on the way out. I 
                         felt like a traitor, but I knew it was 
                         for my new friend's own good. 
                     
                     
                         "Gannet's talking of an escape," I said. 
                     
                     
                         Nick's customary grin appeared on his 
                         broad face. 
                     
                     
                         "Forget it. He's handed out that line 
                         before. Nobody could get out of here." 
                     
                     
                         He walked to the high gate in the 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 94 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         fence with me, and waved as I got into 
                         my car. 
                     
                     
                         I wasn't coming back any more. I 
                         didn't want to see Gannet again. He was 
                         such a nice little guy. But next noon saw 
                         me knocking for admittance a third time, 
                         summoned by a call from Nick. 
                     
                     
                         "Got an exclusive for you, if you want 
                         it," he said. "An escape. I don't know 
                         that it's very important to you, but we've 
                         never had one before. That might make 
                         it worth a couple of inches." 
                     
                     
                         "Escape?" I said. 
                     
                     
                         "Yeah. Your man, Gannet." 
                     
                     
                         "So he did it! But how?" 
                     
                     
                         Nick grunted. "Suppose you tell me." 
                     
                     
                         "In the night?" I asked. 
                     
                     
                         He shook his head. "A little while 
                         ago, in broad daylight. He was seen in 
                         his cell at ten. An hour later the room 
                         was empty. He was gone." 
                     
                     
                         "But he couldn't have simply walked 
                         out of the place in broad daylight." 
                     
                     
                         "No," said Nick, "he couldn't." 
                     
                     
                         "Was his door unlocked?" 
                     
                     
                         "It was not. It was locked, from the- 
                         outside, when we came to investigate the 
                         report that he was gone. His window 
                         bars are all right, too." 
                     
                     
                         "You've searched the grounds?" 
                     
                     
                         "Of course. He isn't in them. He isn't 
                         in any of the buildings. Nobody saw him 
                         after eleven o'clock. He's just gone, with 
                         his cell still locked so even a monkey 
                         couldn't slip out." 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "You must have some idea how he got 
                         away." 
                     
                     
                         "No idea. Because it can't be done. 
                         Only, it was." 
                     
                     
                         "How am I going to get a story out of 
                         that?" I asked. 
                     
                     
                         "How in thunder would I know? 
                         That's your worry." 
                     
                     
                         I put a cigarette between my lips unlit 
                         because smoking wasn't permitted here. 
                     
                     
                         "What in the world do you suppose 
                         he . . . thought he was building?" I 
                         mused. 
                     
                     
                         Nick snorted. "I don't suppose any- 
                         thing about it. If I did, I'd be as crazy 
                         as he was. Well, there's your exclusive, 
                         if you know what to do with it." 
                     
                     
                         I didn't know what to do with it, so I 
                         finally handed it in as it stands now. This 
                         very story, in fact. And the little man 
                         with the big vizor at the editor's desk 
                         promptly handed it back. Not that I 
                         blame him. 
                     
                     
                         Nobody ever saw Gannet again. No- 
                         body ever thought of him again, I guess. 
                         Except me. I had a rush of curiosity to 
                         the head a few days later, and went to his 
                         cell armed with a level and a steel rule. 
                     
                     
                         The floor of the barred cubicle Gannet 
                         once occupied is three thirty-seconds of an 
                         inch off level. Now how do you suppose 
                         he could have determined that without 
                         tools of any kind to aid the naked eye? 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 
                 
                     Return to the Sabbath 
                 
                 
                     By  ROBERT BLOCH  
                 
                 
                     A shuddery weird tale of Hollywood and the film industry--a story of the gruesome thing that emerged from the burial crypt 
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         IT'S NOT the kind of story that the 
                         columnists like to print; it's not the 
                         yarn press-agents love to tell. When 
                         I was still in the Public Relations Depart- 
                         ment at the studio, they wouldn't let me 
                         break it. I knew better than to try, for 
                         no paper would print such a tale. 
                     
                     
                         We publicity men must present Holly- 
                         wood as a gay place; a world of glamor 
                         and star-dust. We capture only the light, 
                         but underneath the light there must al- 
                         ways be shadows. I've always known that 
                         --it's been my job to gloss over those 
                         shadows for years--but the events of 
                         which I speak form a disturbing pattern 
                         too strange to be withheld. The shadow 
                         of these incidents is not human. 
                     
                     
                         It's been the cursed weight of the 
                         whole affair that has proved my own 
                         mental undoing. That's why I resigned 
                         from the studio post, I guess. I wanted 
                         to forget, if I could. And now I know 
                         that the only way to relieve my mind is 
                         to tell the story. I must break the yarn, 
                         come what may. Then perhaps I can for- 
                         get Karl Jorla's eyes. . . . 
                     
                     
                         The affair dates back to one September 
                         evening almost three years ago. Les Kin- 
                         caid and I were slumming down on Main 
                         Street in Los Angeles that night. Les is 
                         an assistant producer up at the studio, and 
                         there was some purpose in his visit; he 
                         was looking for authentic types to fill 
                         minor roles in a gangster film he was 
                         doing. Les was peculiar that way; he 
                         preferred the real article, rather than the 
                         Casting Bureau's ready-made imitations. 
                     
                     
                         We'd been wandering around for some 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         time, as I recall, past the great stone 
                         Chows that guard the narrow alleys of 
                         Chinatown, over through the tourist-trap 
                         that is Olvera Street, and back along the 
                         flop-houses of lower Main. We walked 
                         by the cheap burlesque houses, eyeing the 
                         insolent Filipinos that sauntered past, and 
                         jostling our way through the usual Satur- 
                         day night slumming parties. 
                     
                     
                         We were both rather weary of it all. 
                         That's why, I suppose, the dingy little 
                         theatre appealed to us. 
                     
                     
                         "Let's go in and sit down for a while," 
                         Les suggested. "I'm tired." 
                     
                     
                         Even a Main Street burlesque show 
                         has seats in it, and I felt ready for a nap. 
                         The callipygy of the stage-attraction did 
                         not appeal to me, but I acceded to the 
                         suggestion and purchased our tickets. 
                     
                     
                         We entered, sat down, suffered through 
                         two strip-tease dances, an incredibly an- 
                         cient black-out sketch, and a "Grand Fi- 
                         nale." Then, as is the custom in such 
                         places, the stage darkened and the screen 
                         flickered into life. 
                     
                     
                         We got ready for our doze, then. The 
                         pictures shown in these houses are usually 
                         ancient specimens of the "quickie" va- 
                         riety; fillers provided to clear the house. 
                         As the first blaring notes of the sound- 
                         track heralded the title of the opus, I 
                         closed my eyes, slouched lower in my 
                         seat, and mentally beckoned to Morpheus. 
                     
                     
                         I WAS jerked back to reality by a sharp 
                         dig in the ribs. Les was nudging me 
                         and whispering. 
                     
                     
                         "Look at this," he murmured, prod- 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 96 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         ding my reluctant body into wakefulness. 
                         "Ever see anything like it?" 
                     
                     
                         I glanced up at the screen. What I 
                         expected to find I do not know, but I 
                         saw--horror. 
                     
                     
                         There was a country graveyard, shad- 
                         owed by ancient trees through which flick- 
                         ered rays of mildewed moonlight. It was 
                         an old graveyard, with rotting headstones 
                         set in grotesque angles as they leered up 
                         at the midnight sky. 
                     
                     
                         The camera cut down on one grave, 
                         a fresh one. The music on the sound- 
                         track grew louder, in cursed climax. But 
                         I forgot camera and film as I watched. 
                         That grave was reality--hideous reality. 
                     
                     
                         The grave was moving! 
                     
                     
                         The earth beside the headstone was 
                         heaving and churning, as though it were 
                         being dug out. Not from above, but 
                         from below. It quaked upward ever so 
                         slowly; terribly. Little clods fell. The 
                         sod pulsed out in a steady stream and 
                         little rills of earth kept falling in the 
                         moonlight as though there were some- 
                         thing clawing the dirt away . . . some- 
                         thing clawing from beneath.  
                     
                         That something--it would soon ap- 
                         pear. And I began to be afraid. I--I 
                         didn't want to see what it was. The 
                         clawing from below was not natural; it 
                         held a purpose not altogether human. 
                     
                     
                         Yet I had to look. I had to see him 
                         --it--emerge. The sod cascaded in a 
                         mound, and then I was staring at the 
                         edge of the grave, looking down at the 
                         black hole that gaped like a corpse-mouth 
                         in the moonlight. Something was com- 
                         ing out. 
                     
                     
                         Something slithered through that fis- 
                         sure, fumbled at the side of the opening. 
                         It clutched the ground above the grave, 
                         and in the baleful beams of that demon's 
                         moon I knew it to be a human hand. A 
                         thin, white human hand that held but 
                         half its flesh. The hand of a lich, a 
                         skeleton claw. . . . 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         A second talon gripped the other side 
                         of the excavation top. And now, slowly, 
                         insidiously, arms emerged. Naked, flesh- 
                         less arms. 
                     
                     
                         They crawled across the earth-sides like 
                         leprous white serpents. The arms of a 
                         cadaver, a rising cadaver. It was pulling 
                         itself up. And as it emerged, a cloud fell 
                         across the moon-path. The light faded 
                         to shadows as the bulky head and shoul- 
                         ders came into view. One could see noth- 
                         ing, and one was thankful. 
                     
                     
                         But the cloud was falling away from 
                         the moon now. In a second the face 
                         would be revealed. The face of the thing 
                         from the grave, the resurrected visage of 
                         that which should be rotted in death-- 
                         what would it be? 
                     
                     
                         The shadows fell back. A figure rose 
                         out of the grave, and the face turned to- 
                         ward me. I looked and saw-- 
                     
                     
                         Well, you've been to "horror pictures." 
                         You know what one usually sees. The 
                         "ape-man," or the "maniac" or the 
                         "death's-head." The papier-mach gro- 
                         tesquerie of the make-up artist. The 
                         "skull" of the dead. 
                     
                     
                         I saw none of that. Instead, diere was 
                         horror. It was the face of a child, I 
                         thought, at first; no, not a child, but a 
                         man with a child's soul. The face of a 
                         poet, perhaps, unwrinkled and calm. 
                         Long hair framed a high forehead; cres- 
                         cent eyebrows tilted over closed lids. The 
                         nose and mouth were thin and finely chis- 
                         eled. Over the entire countenance was 
                         written an unearthly peace. It was as 
                         though the man were in a sleep of som- 
                         nambulism or catalepsy. And then the 
                         face grew larger, the moonlight brighter, 
                         and I saw--more. 
                     
                     
                         The sharper light disclosed tiny touches 
                         of evil. The thin lips were fretted, mag- 
                         got-kissed. The nose had crumbled at the 
                         nostrils. The forehead was flaked with 
                         putrefaction, and the dark hair was dead, 
                         encrusted with slime. There were shad- 
                     
                 
                 W. T.--6 
             
             
                 
                 RETURN TO THE SABBATH 97 
                 
                     
                     
                         ows in the bony ridges beneath the closed 
                         eyes. Even now, the skeletal arms were 
                         up, and bony fingers brushed at those 
                         dead pits as the rotted lids fluttered apart. 
                         The eyes opened. 
                     
                     
                         They were wide, staring, flaming-- 
                         and in them was the grave. They were 
                         eyes that had closed in death and opened 
                         in the coffin under earth. They were eyes 
                         that had seen the body rot and the soul 
                         depart to mingle in worm-ravened dark- 
                         ness below. They were eyes that held an 
                         alien life, a life so dreadful as to animate 
                         the cadaver's body and force it to claw 
                         its way back to outer earth. They were 
                         hungry eyes--triumphant, now, as they 
                         gazed in graveyard moonlight on a world 
                         they had never known before. They hun- 
                         gered for the world as only Death can 
                         hunger for Life. And they blazed out of 
                         the corpse-pallid face in icy joy. 
                     
                     
                         Then the cadaver began to walk. It 
                         lurched between the graves, lumbered be- 
                         fore ancient tombs. It shambled through 
                         die forest night until it reached a road. 
                         Then it turned up that road slowly . . . 
                         slowly. 
                     
                     
                         And the hunger in those eyes flamed 
                         again as the lights of a city flared below. 
                         Death was preparing to mingle with men. 
                     
                     
                         2  
                     
                         I sat through all this entranced. Only 
                         a few minutes had elapsed, but I felt 
                         as though uncounted ages had passed un- 
                         heeded. The film went on. Les and I 
                         didn't exchange a word, but we watched. 
                     
                     
                         The plot was rather routine after that. 
                         The dead man was a scientist whose wife 
                         had been stolen from him by a young doc- 
                         tor. The doctor had tended him in his 
                         last illness and unwittingly administered 
                         a powerful narcotic with cataleptic effects. 
                     
                     
                         The dialog was foreign and I could 
                         not place it. All of the actors were un- 
                         familiar to me, and the setting and pho- 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         tography was quite unusual; unorthodox 
                         treatment as in The Cabinet of Dr. Cali- 
                         gari and other psychological films. 
                     
                     
                         There was one scene where the living- 
                         dead man became enthroned as arch-priest 
                         at a Black Mass ceremonial, and there was 
                         a little child. . . . His eyes as he plunged 
                         the knife . . . 
                     
                     
                         He kept--decaying throughout the 
                         film . . . the Black Mass worshippers 
                         knew him as an emissary of Satan, and 
                         they kidnapped the wife as sacrifice for 
                         his own resurrection . . . the scene with 
                         the hysterical woman when she saw and 
                         recognized her husband for the first time, 
                         and the deep, evil whispering voice in 
                         which he revealed his secret to her . . . 
                         the final pursuit of the devil-worshippers 
                         to the great altar-stone in the mountains 
                         . . . the death of the resurrected one. 
                     
                     
                         Almost a skeleton in fact now, riddled 
                         by bullets and shot from the weapons of 
                         the doctor and his neighbors, the dead 
                         one crumbled and fell from his seat on 
                         the altar-stone. And as those eyes glazed 
                         in second death the deep voice boomed 
                         out in a prayer to Sathanas. The lich 
                         crawled across the ground to the ritual 
                         fire, drew painfully erect, and tottered 
                         into the flames. And as it stood weaving 
                         for a moment in the blaze the lips moved 
                         again in infernal prayer, and the eyes 
                         implored not the skies, but the earth. 
                         The ground opened in a final flash of 
                         fire, and the charred corpse fell through. 
                         The Master claimed his own. . . . 
                     
                     
                         It was grotesque, almost a fairy-tale 
                         in its triteness. When the film had flick- 
                         ered off and the orchestra blared the 
                         opening for the next "flesh-show" we 
                         rose in our seats, conscious once more of 
                         our surroundings. The rest of the mon- 
                         grel audience seemed to be in a stupor 
                         almost equal to our own. Wide-eyed 
                         Japanese sat staring in the darkness; Fili- 
                         pinos muttered covertly to one another; 
                         even the drunken laborers seemed incap- 
                     
                 
                 W. T.--7 
             
             
                 
                 98 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         able of greeting the "Grand Opening" 
                         with their usual ribald hoots. 
                     
                     
                         Trite and grotesque the plot of the 
                         film may have been, but the actor who 
                         played the lead had instilled it with 
                         ghastly reality. He had been dead; his 
                         eyes knew. And the voice was the voice 
                         of Lazarus awakened. 
                     
                     
                         Les and I had no need to exchange 
                         words. We both felt it. I followed him 
                         silently as he went up the stairs to the 
                         manager's office. 
                     
                     
                         Edward Relch was glowering over the 
                         desk. He showed no pleasure at seeing 
                         us barge in. When Les asked him where 
                         he had procured the film for this eve- 
                         ning and what its name was, he opened 
                         his mouth and emitted a cascade of curses. 
                     
                     
                         We learned that Return io the Sabbath 
                         had been sent over by a cheap agency 
                         from out Inglewood way, that a Western 
                         had been expected, and the "damned 
                         foreign junk" substituted by mistake. A 
                         hell of a picture this was, for a girl-show! 
                         Gave the audience the lousy creeps, and it 
                         wasn't even in English! Stinking im- 
                         ported films! 
                     
                     
                         It was some time before we managed 
                         to extract the name of the agency from 
                         the manager's profane lips. But five min- 
                         utes after that, Les Kincaid was on the 
                         phone speaking to the head of the agency; 
                         an hour later we were out at the office. 
                         The next morning Kincaid went in to see 
                         the big boss, and the following day I was 
                         told to announce for publication that Karl 
                         Jorla, the Austrian horror-star, had been 
                         signed by cable to our studio; and he 
                         was leaving at once for the United States. 
                     
                     
                         3  
                     
                         IT WAS a stroke of genius on Kincaid's 
                         part. We all felt that way about the 
                         matter. Horror pictures were on the 
                         way in; Karloff and Lugosi were turning 
                         out their early numbers over at Universal, 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         and grossing big. Lionel Atwill was do- 
                         ing his usual villainy on several lots, and 
                         profitably so. Peter Lorre, the peer of 
                         them all, had just been signed for Ameri- 
                         can films after his sensational perform- 
                         ances as the psychopathic murderer in M 
                         and his gruesome spy-portrayal in The 
                         Man Who Knew Too Much. 
                     
                     
                         And we knew that Karl Jorla topped 
                         them all. If the fans were really sincere 
                         in their liking for the macabre, they were 
                         going to get the genuine article. Not 
                         since Lon Chaney had I seen such con- 
                         summate artistry; certainly this man was 
                         Chaney's superior in that he had a sin- 
                         cerity which out-distanced the horror of 
                         mere make-up tricks. 
                     
                     
                         I printed these items, gave all the 
                         build-up I could. But after the initial 
                         announcements I was stopped dead. Ev- 
                         erything had happened too swiftly; we 
                         knew nothing about this man Jorla, re- 
                         ally. Subsequent cables to Austrian and 
                         German studios failed to disclose any in- 
                         formation about the fellow's private life. 
                         He had evidently never played in any 
                         film prior to Return to the Sabbath. He 
                         was utterly unknown. The film had never 
                         been shown greatly abroad, and it was 
                         only by mistake that the Inglewood agen- 
                         cy has obtained a copy and run it here 
                         in the United States. Audience reaction 
                         could not be learned, and the film was 
                         not scheduled for general release unless 
                         English titles could be dubbed in. 
                     
                     
                         I was up a stump. Here we had the 
                         "find" of the year, and I couldn't get 
                         enough material out to make it known! 
                     
                     
                         We expected Karl Jorla to arrive in 
                         two weeks, however. I was told to get 
                         to work on him as soon as he got in, 
                         then flood the news agencies with stories. 
                         Three of our best writers were working 
                         on a special production for him already; 
                         the Big Boss meant to handle it himself. 
                         It would be similar to the foreign film, 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 RETURN TO THE SABBATH 99 
                 
                     
                     
                         for that "return from the dead" sequence 
                         must be included. 
                     
                     
                         JORLA arrived on October seventh. He 
                         put up at a hotel; the studio sent down 
                         its usual welcoming committee, took him 
                         out to the lot for formal testing, then 
                         turned him over to me. 
                     
                     
                         I met the man for the first time in the 
                         little dressing-room they had assigned 
                         him. I'll never forget that afternoon of 
                         our first meeting, or my first sight of him 
                         as I entered the door. 
                     
                     
                         What I expected to see I don't know. 
                         But what I did see amazed me. For Karl 
                         Jorla was the dead-alive man of the 
                         screen in life! 
                     
                     
                         The features were not fretted, of 
                         course. But he was tall, and almost as 
                         cadaverously thin as in his role; his face 
                         was pallid, and his eyes blue-circled. And 
                         the eyes were the dead eyes of the movie; 
                         the deep, knowing eyes! 
                     
                     
                         The booming voice greeted me in hesi- 
                         tant English. Jorla smiled with his lips 
                         at my obvious discomfiture, but the ex- 
                         pression of the eyes never varied in their 
                         alien strangeness. 
                     
                     
                         Somewhat hesitantly I explained my 
                         office and my errand. "No pub-leecity," 
                         Jorla intoned. "I do not weesh to make 
                         known what is affairs of mine own do- 
                         eeng." 
                     
                     
                         I gave him the usual arguments. How 
                         much he understood I cannot say, but he 
                         was adamant. I learned only a little; that 
                         he had been born in Prague, lived in 
                         wealth until the upheavals of the Euro- 
                         pean depression, and entered film work 
                         only to please a director friend of his. 
                         This director had made the picture in 
                         which Jorla played, for private showings 
                         only. By mischance a print had been re- 
                         leased and copied for general circulation. 
                         It had all been a mistake. However, the 
                         American film offer had come oppor- 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         tunely, since Jorla wanted to leave Austria 
                         at once. 
                     
                     
                         "After the feelm app-ear, I am in bad 
                         lights weeth my--friends," he explained, 
                         slowly. "They do not weesh it to be 
                         shown, that cere-monee." 
                     
                     
                         "The Black Mass?" I asked. "Your 
                         friends?" 
                     
                     
                         "Yes. The wor-ship of Lucifer. It was 
                         real, you know." 
                     
                     
                         Was he joking? No--I couldn't doubt 
                         the man's sincerity. There was no room 
                         for mirth in those alien eyes. And then 
                         I knew what he meant, what he so casu- 
                         ally revealed. He had been a devil-wor- 
                         shipper himself--he and that director. 
                         They had made the film and meant it for 
                         private display in their own occult cir- 
                         cles. No wonder he sought escape 
                         abroad! 
                     
                     
                         It was incredible, save that I knew 
                         Europe, and the dark Northern mind. 
                         The worship of Evil continues today in 
                         Budapest, Prague, Berlin. And he, Karl 
                         Jorla the horror-actor, admitted to being 
                         one of them! 
                     
                     
                         "What a story!" I thought. And then 
                         I realized that it could, of course, never 
                         be printed. A horror-star admitting be- 
                         lief in the parts he played? Absurd! 
                     
                     
                         All the features about Boris Karloff 
                         played up the fact that he was a gentle 
                         man who found true peace in raising a 
                         garden. Lugosi was pictured as a sensi- 
                         tive neurotic, tortured by the rles he 
                         played in the films. Atwill was a social- 
                         ite and a stage star. And Peter Lorre was 
                         always written up as being gentle as a 
                         lamb, a quiet student whose ambition 
                         was to play comedy parts. 
                     
                     
                         No, it would never do to break the 
                         story of Jorla's devil-worship. And he 
                         was so damnably reticent about his pri- 
                         vate affairs! 
                     
                     
                         I sought out Kincaid after the termi- 
                         nation of our unsatisfactory interview. I 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 100 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         told him what I had encountered and 
                         asked for advice. He gave it. 
                     
                     
                         "The old Lon Chaney line," he coun- 
                         seled. "Mystery man. We say nothing 
                         about him until the picture is released. 
                         After that I have a hunch things will 
                         work out for themselves. The fellow is 
                         a marvel. So don't bother about stories 
                         until the film is canned." 
                     
                     
                         Consequently I abandoned publicity 
                         efforts in Karl Jorla's direction. Now I 
                         am very glad I did so, for there is no 
                         one to remember his name, or suspect the 
                         horror that was soon to follow. 
                     
                     
                         4  
                     
                         THE script was finished. The front 
                         office approved. Stage Four was un- 
                         der construction; the casting director got 
                         busy. Jorla was at the studio every day; 
                         Kincaid himself was teaching him Eng- 
                         lish. The part was one in which very few 
                         words were needed, and Jorla proved a 
                         brilliant pupil, according to Les. 
                     
                     
                         But Les was not as pleased as he should 
                         have been about it all. He came to me 
                         one day about a week before production 
                         and unburdened himself. He strove to 
                         speak lightly about the affair, but I could 
                         tell that he felt worried. 
                     
                     
                         The gist of his story was very simple. 
                         Jorla was behaving strangely. He had 
                         had trouble with the front office; he re- 
                         fused to give the studio his living ad- 
                         dress, and it was known that he had 
                         checked out from his hotel several days 
                         after first arriving in Hollywood. 
                     
                     
                         Nor was that all. He wouldn't talk 
                         about his part, or volunteer any informa- 
                         tion about interpretation. He seemed to 
                         be quite uninterested--admitting frankly 
                         to Kincaid that his only reason for sign- 
                         ing a contract was to leave Europe. 
                     
                     
                         He told Kincaid what he had told me 
                         --about the devil-worshippers. And he 
                         hinted at more. He spoke of being fol- 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         lowed, muttered about "avengers" and 
                         "hunters who waited." He seemed to feel 
                         that the witch-cult was angry at him for 
                         the violation of secrets, and held him re- 
                         sponsible for the release of Return to the 
                         Sabbath. That, he explained, was why 
                         he would not give his address, nor speak 
                         of his past life for publication. That 
                         is why he must use very heavy make-up 
                         in his film debut here. He felt at times 
                         as though he were being watched, or fol- 
                         lowed. There were many foreigners here 
                         . . . too many. 
                     
                     
                         "What the devil can I do with a man 
                         like that?" Kincaid exploded, after he 
                         had explained this to me. "He's insane, 
                         or a fool. And I confess that he's too 
                         much like his screen character to please 
                         me. The damned casual way in which he 
                         professes to have dabbled in devil-wor- 
                         ship and sorcery! He believes all this, 
                         and--well, I'll tell you the truth. I came 
                         here today because of the last thing he 
                         spoke of to me this morning. 
                     
                     
                         "He came down to the office, and at 
                         first when he walked in I didn't know 
                         him. The dark glasses and muffler 
                         helped, of course, but he himself had 
                         changed. He was trembling, and walked 
                         with a stoop. And when he spoke his 
                         voice was like a groan. He showed me-- 
                         this." 
                     
                     
                         Kincaid handed me the clipping. It 
                         was from the London Times, through 
                         European press dispatches. A short para- 
                         graph, giving an account of the death of 
                         Fritz Ohmmen, the Austrian film direc- 
                         tor. He had been found strangled in a 
                         Paris garret, and his body had been 
                         frightfully mutilated; it mentioned an in- 
                         verted cross branded on his stomach 
                         above the ripped entrails. Police were 
                         seeking the murderer. . . . 
                     
                     
                         I handed the clipping back in silence. 
                         "So what?" I asked. But I had already 
                         guessed his answer. 
                     
                     
                         "Fritz Ohmmen," Kincaid said, slow- 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 RETURN TO THE SABBATH 101 
                 
                     
                     
                         ly, "was the director of the picture in 
                         which Karl Jorla played; the director, 
                         who with Jorla, knew the devil-worship- 
                         pers. Jorla says that he fled to Paris, and 
                         that they sought him out." 
                     
                     
                         I was silent. 
                     
                     
                         "Mess," grunted Kincaid. "I've of- 
                         fered Jorla police protection, and he's re- 
                         fused. I can't coerce him under the terms 
                         of our contract. As long as he plays the 
                         part, he's secure with us. But he has the 
                         jitters. And I'm getting them." 
                     
                     
                         He stormed out. I couldn't help him. 
                         I sat thinking of Karl Jorla, who believed 
                         in devil-gods, worshipped, and betrayed 
                         them. And I could have smiled at the 
                         absurdity of it all if I hadn't seen the 
                         man on the screen and watched his evil 
                         eyes. He knew! It was then that I began 
                         to feel thankful we had not given Jorla 
                         any publicity. I had a hunch. 
                     
                     
                         During the next few days I saw Jorla 
                         but seldom. The rumors, however, began 
                         to trickle in. There had been an influx 
                         of foreign "sight-seers" at the studio 
                         gates. Someone had attempted to crash 
                         through the barriers in a racing-car. An 
                         extra in a mob scene over on Lot Six had 
                         been found carrying an automatic beneath 
                         his vest; when apprehended he had been 
                         lurking under the executive office win- 
                         dow's. They had taken him down to 
                         headquarters, and so far the man had re- 
                         fused to talk. He was a German. . . . 
                     
                     
                         Jorla came to the studios every day in 
                         a shuttered car. He was bundled up to 
                         the eyes. He trembled constantly. His 
                         English lessons went badly. He spoke to 
                         no one. He had hired two men to ride 
                         with him in his car. They were armed. 
                     
                     
                         A few days later news came that the 
                         German extra had talked. He was evident- 
                         ly a pathological case ... he babbled 
                         wildly of a "Black Cult of Lucifer" known 
                         to some of the foreigners around town. It 
                         was a secret society purporting to wor- 
                         ship the Devil, with vague connections in 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         the mother countries. He had been 
                         "chosen" to avenge a wrong. More than 
                         that he dared not say, but he did give an 
                         address where the police might find cult 
                         headquarters. The place, a dingy house 
                         in Glendale, was quite deserted, of 
                         course. It was a queer old house with a 
                         secret cellar beneath the basement, but 
                         everything seemed to have been aban- 
                         doned. The man was being held for ex- 
                         amination by an alienist. 
                     
                     
                         I HEARD this report with deep misgiv- 
                         ings. I knew something of Los An- 
                         geles' and Hollywood's heterogeneous for- 
                         eign population; God knows, Southern 
                         California has attracted mystics and oc- 
                         cultists from all over the world. I've 
                         even heard rumors about stars being 
                         mixed up in unsavory secret societies, 
                         things one would never dare to admit in 
                         print. And Jorla was afraid. 
                     
                     
                         That afternoon I tried to trail his black 
                         car as it left the studio for his mysterious 
                         home, but I lost the track in the winding 
                         reaches of Topanga Canyon. It had dis- 
                         appeared into the secret twilight of the 
                         purple hills, and I knew then that there 
                         was nothing I could do. Jorla had his 
                         own defenses, and if they failed, we at 
                         the studio could not help. 
                     
                     
                         That was the evening he disappeared. 
                         At least he did not show up the next 
                         morning at the studio, and production 
                         was to start in two days. We heard about 
                         it. The boss and Kincaid were frantic. 
                         The police were called in, and I did my 
                         best to hush things up. When Jorla did 
                         not appear the following morning I went 
                         to Kincaid and told him about my follow- 
                         ing the car to Topanga Canyon. The 
                         police went to work. Next morning was 
                         production. 
                     
                     
                         We spent a sleepless night of fruitless 
                         vigil. There was no word. Morning 
                         came, and there was unspoken dread in 
                         Kincaid's eyes as he faced me across the 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 102 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         office table. Eight o'clock. We got up 
                         and walked silently across the lot to the 
                         studio cafeteria. Black coffee was badly 
                         needed; we hadn't had a police report 
                         for hours. We passed Stage Four, where 
                         the Jorla crew was at work. The noise 
                         of hammers was mockery. Jorla, we felt, 
                         would never face a camera today, if ever. 
                     
                     
                         Bleskind, the director of the untitled 
                         horror opus, came out of the Stage office 
                         as we passed. 
                     
                     
                         His paunchy body quivered as he 
                         grasped Kincaid's lapels and piped, "Any 
                         news?" 
                     
                     
                         Kincaid shook his head slowly. Bles- 
                         kind thrust a cigar into his tense mouth. 
                     
                     
                         "We're shooting ahead," he snapped. 
                         "We'll shoot around Jorla. If he doesn't 
                         show up when we finish the scenes in 
                         which he won't appear, we'll get another 
                         actor. But we can't wait." The squat 
                         director bustled back to the Stage. 
                     
                     
                         Moved by a sudden impulse, Kincaid 
                         grasped my arm and propelled me after 
                         Bleskind's waddling form. 
                     
                     
                         "Let's see the opening shots," he sug- 
                         gested. "I want to see what kind of a 
                         story they've given him." 
                     
                     
                         We entered Stage Four. 
                     
                     
                         A Gothic Castle, the ancestral home 
                         of Baron Ulmo. A dark, gloomy stone 
                         crypt of spidery horror. Cobwebbed, 
                         dust-shrouded, deserted by men and given 
                         over to the rats by day and the unearthly 
                         horrors that crept by night. An altar 
                         stood by the crypt, an altar of evil, the 
                         great black stone on which the ancient 
                         Baron Ulmo and his devil-cult had held 
                         their sacrifices. Now, in the pit beneath 
                         the altar, the Baron lay buried. Such was 
                         the legend. 
                     
                     
                         According to the first shot scheduled, 
                         Sylvia Charming, the heroine, was explor- 
                         ing the castle. She had inherited the place 
                         and taken it over with her young hus- 
                         band. In this scene she was to see the 
                         altar for the first time, read the inscrip- 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         tion on its base. This inscription was to 
                         prove an unwitting invocation, opening 
                         up the crypt beneath the altar and awak- 
                         ening Jorla, as Baron Ulmo, from the 
                         dead. He was to rise from the crypt then, 
                         and walk. It was at this point that the 
                         scene would terminate, due to Jorla's 
                         strange absence. 
                     
                     
                         The setting was magnificently handled. 
                         Kincaid and I took our places beside Di- 
                         rector Bleskind as the shot opened. Sylvia 
                         Channing walked out on the set; the sig- 
                         nals were given, lights flashed, and the 
                         action began. 
                     
                     
                         It was pantomimic. Sylvia walked 
                         across the cobwebbed floor, noticed the 
                         altar, examined it. She stooped to read 
                         the inscription, then whispered it aloud. 
                         There was a drone, as the opening of the 
                         altar-crypt was mechanically begun. The 
                         altar swung aside, and the black gaping 
                         pit was revealed. The upper cameras 
                         swnang to Sylvia's face. She was to stare 
                         at the crypt in horror, and she did it most 
                         magnificently. In the picture she would 
                         be watching Jorla emerge. 
                     
                     
                         Bleskind prepared to give the signal 
                         to cut action. Then-- 
                     
                     
                         Something emerged from the crypt! 
                     
                     
                         It was dead, that thing--that horror 
                         with a mask of faceless flesh. Its lean 
                         body was clothed in rotting rags, and on 
                         its chest was a bloody crucifix, inverted-- 
                         carved out of dead flesh. The eyes blazed 
                         loathsomely. It was Baron Ulmo, rising 
                         from the dead. And it was Karl Jorla! 
                     
                     
                         The make-up was perfect. His eyes 
                         were dead, just as in the other film. The 
                         lips seemed shredded again, the mouth 
                         even more ghastly in its slitted blackness. 
                         And the touch of the bloody crucifix was 
                         immense. 
                     
                     
                         Bleskind nearly swallowed his cigar 
                         when Jorla appeared. Quickly he con- 
                         trolled himself, silently signaled the men 
                         to proceed with the shooting. We 
                         strained forward, watching every move, 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 RETURN TO THE SABBATH 103 
                 
                     
                     
                         but Les Kincaid's eyes held a wonder 
                         akin to my own. 
                     
                     
                         Jorla was acting as never before. He 
                         moved slowly, as a corpse must move. 
                         As he raised himself from the crypt, 
                         each tiny effort seemed to cause him ut- 
                         ter agony. The scene was soundless; Syl- 
                         via had fainted. But Jorla's lips moved, 
                         and we heard a faint whispering murmur 
                         which heightened the horror. Now the 
                         grisly cadaver was almost half out of the 
                         crypt. It strained upward, still murmur- 
                         ing. The bloody crucifix of flesh gleamed 
                         redly on the chest. ... I thought of the 
                         one found on the body of the murdered 
                         foreign director, Fritz Ohmmen, and real- 
                         ized where Jorla had gotten the idea. 
                     
                     
                         The corpse strained up ... it was to 
                         rise now . . . up . . . and then, with a 
                         sudden rictus, the body stiffened and slid 
                         back into the crypt. 
                     
                     
                         Who screamed first I do not know. 
                         But the screaming continued after the 
                         prop-boys had rushed to the crypt and 
                         looked down at what lay within. 
                     
                     
                         When I reached the brink of the pit 
                         I screamed, too. 
                     
                     
                         For it was utterly empty. 
                     
                     
                         5  
                     
                         I WISH there were nothing more to tell. 
                         The papers never knew. The police 
                         hushed things up. The studio is silent, 
                         and the production was dropped immedi- 
                         ately. But matters did not stop there. 
                         There was a sequel to that hideous horror 
                         on Stage Four. 
                     
                     
                         Kincaid and I cornered Bleskind. 
                         There was no need of any explanation; 
                         how could what we had just seen be ex- 
                         plained in any sane way? 
                     
                     
                         Jorla had disappeared; no one had let 
                         him into the studio; no make-up man had 
                         given him his attention. Nobody had 
                         seen him enter the crypt. He had ap- 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         peared in the scene, then disappeared. 
                         The crypt was empty. 
                     
                     
                         These were the facts. Kincaid told 
                         Bleskind what to do. The film was de- 
                         veloped immediately, though two of the 
                         technicians fainted. We three sat in the 
                         projection booth and watched the morn- 
                         ing's rushes flicker across the screen. The 
                         sound-track was specially dubbed in. 
                     
                     
                         That scene--Sylvia walking and read- 
                         ing the incantation--the pit opening-- 
                         and God, when nothing emerged! 
                     
                     
                         Nothing but that great red scar sus- 
                         pended in midair--that great inverted 
                         crucifix cut in bleeding flesh; no Jorla 
                         visible at all! That bleeding cross in the 
                         air, and then the mumbling. . . . 
                     
                     
                         Jorla--the thing--whatever it was-- 
                         had mumbled a few syllables on emerg- 
                         ing from the crypt. The sound-track had 
                         picked them up. And we couldn't see 
                         anything but that scar; yet we heard 
                         Jorla's voice now coming from nothing- 
                         ness. We heard what he kept repeating, 
                         as he fell back into the crypt. 
                     
                     
                         It was an address in Topanga Canyon. 
                     
                     
                         The lights flickered on, and it was 
                         good to see them. Kincaid phoned the 
                         police and directed them to the address 
                         given on the sound-track. 
                     
                     
                         We waited, the three of us, in Kin- 
                         caid's office, waited for the police call. 
                         We drank, but did not speak. Each of 
                         us was thinking of Karl Jorla the devil- 
                         worshipper who had betrayed his faith; 
                         of his fear of vengeance. We thought 
                         of the director's death, and the bloody 
                         crucifix on his chest; remembered Jorla's 
                         disappearance. And then that ghastly 
                         ghost-thing on the screen, the bloody 
                         thing that hung in midair as Jorla's voice 
                         groaned the address. . . . 
                     
                     
                         The phone rang. 
                     
                     
                         I picked it up. It was the police de- 
                         partment. They gave their report. I 
                         fainted. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 104 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         It was several minutes before I came 
                         to. It was several more minutes before 
                         I opened my mouth and spoke. 
                     
                     
                         "They've found Karl Jorla's body at 
                         the address given on the screen," I whis- 
                         pered. "He was lying dead in an old 
                         shack up in the hills. He had been-- 
                         murdered. There was a bloody cross, in- 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         verted on his chest. They think it was 
                         the work of some fanatics, because the 
                         place was filled with books on sorcery 
                         and Black Magic. They say--" 
                     
                     
                         I paused. Kincaid's eyes commanded. 
                         "Go on." 
                     
                     
                         "They say," I murmured, "that Jorla 
                         had been dead for at least three days." 
                     
                 
                 
                 
                     
                         Ships 
                     
                     
                         By  ROBERT E. HOWARD  
                     
                     There's a far, lone island in the dim, red west,  Where the sea-waves are crimson with the red of burnished gold 
                        (Sapphire in the billows, gold upon the crest),  An island that is older than the continents are old. 
                     Sailing-ships are anchored about that ancient isle,  Ships that sailed the oceans in the dim dawn days,  Coracles from
                        Britain, triremes from the Nile.  Anchored round the harbors, anchored mile on mile,  Ships and ships and shades of
                        ships fading in the haze. 
                     And there's a Roman galley with its seven banks of oars,  And there's a golden bargeboat that knew the Cassar's hand, 
                        And there's a somber pirate craft with shattered cabin doors,  And there's a sturdy bireme that sailed to Holy Land. 
                     Main-trees lifting like a forest of the south,  Beaked prows looming, and the wide courses furled,  Dim decks
                        heel-marked, marked by rain and drouth,  Spindrift in the cross-trees, drift of southern seas,  Dim ships, strong
                        ships from all about the world. 
                     High ships, proud ships, towering at their poops,  Galleons flaunting their pinnacles of pride,  Schooners and
                        merchantmen, and long, lean sloops,  Kings' ships riding with galleys on the tide. 
                 
             
             
                 
                 
                 Weird Story Reprint 
                 
                     
                         Saladin's Throne-Rug *  
                     
                         By  E. HOFFMANN PRICE  
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         "I WOULD cheerfully have commit- 
                         ted murder for that rug; but as it 
                         is . . ." 
                     
                     
                         Morgan Revell smiled at the memory 
                         of his exceeding cleverness, and regarded 
                         the throne-rug of Saladin with that 
                         fanatic affection comprehensible only to a 
                         collector . . . 
                     
                     
                         The savage jest of it is that he did 
                         commit murder. Only he doesn't know 
                         it. Nor, for that matter, do I absolutely 
                         know. But, piecing it all together, and 
                         taking into account the emotions that take 
                         possession of a rug collector, I can draw 
                         but one inevitable conclusion. And that 
                         is-- 
                     
                     
                         But to approach the matter at all, some 
                         explaining is necessary. First of all, you 
                         who regard a rug as something to hide 
                         the nakedness of a floor must revise your 
                         conception of things. It is all very true 
                         that the machine-made atrocities of this 
                         country, as well as the precious weaves 
                         of the Orient, are indeed used as floor 
                         coverings; something on which to walk, 
                         something to give the vacuum cleaner its 
                         excuse for existing. But that is only a part 
                         of it: Oriental rugs are works of art, the 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         peer of any of the numerous products of 
                         man's instinct to create unbelievable and 
                         imperishable beauty. And just as there 
                         are those who collect the works of ancient 
                         silversmiths, armorers, cabinetmakers, 
                         and bookbinders, so likewise are there 
                         those whose consuming passion and sole 
                         aim in life is the accumulating of antique 
                         specimens of Oriental weaving: rugs 
                         from Boukhara and silken Samarcand, 
                         from Shiraz, and Herat of the Hundred 
                         Gardens; prayer rugs, palace carpets, or 
                         the priceless fabric that graced the floor 
                         of a nomad's tent in Turkestan. Rugs are 
                         many, and their enumeration lengthy; 
                         and the study of their personality and 
                         traits is the pursuit of a lifetime. Some 
                         are prized for their beauty and matchless 
                         craftsmanship; others for their exceeding 
                         rarity; and some for the sake of all those 
                         qualities. 
                     
                     
                         Once one has succumbed to the sorcery 
                         of a Bijar that covered the dirt floor of a 
                         Kurdish hovel, or a silken Kashan that 
                         hung suspended by silver rings, on the 
                         walls of a kings palace, one is beyond 
                         redemption, or the desire of redemption. 
                         It is even as though one had become ad- 
                         dicted to the smoke of the poppy, or to 
                     
                     
                 
                 * From WEIRD TALES for October, 1927. 
                 
                 105 
             
             
                 
                 106 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         the grain of hasheesh dissolved in wine. 
                         One's house becomes a place designed 
                         for the sheltering and storing of rare 
                         rugs; though, of course, the collector him- 
                         self has no moral scruples about utilizing 
                         a bit of that same shelter for himself. 
                     
                     
                         One may wear last year's overcoat, and 
                         have last year's shoes half-soled; but one 
                         can always raise the price, however ex- 
                         orbitant, of a threadbare Ladik, a battle- 
                         scarred Ghiordes, or a moth-eaten Fera- 
                         ghan. 
                     
                     
                         Thus, though Morgan Revell was ex- 
                         aggerating when he smiled in a way 
                         reminiscent of a cat who has just had a 
                         pleasant tte--tte with a canary, and re- 
                         marked, "I'd cheerfully have committed 
                         murder for that rug," he was well within 
                         the limits of poetic license. Not that he 
                         would actually consider going as far as 
                         rope, pistol, or poison; in fact, I think 
                         he would stop short of breaking and 
                         entering. But the fact remains that trifles 
                         can not stand in one's way when a really 
                         rare rug is in sight. And very often a 
                         jest is the essence of truth. 
                     
                     
                         Well, and that is that: either you still 
                         maintain that a rug is but something to 
                         put on the floor, or else you have grasped 
                         some conception of the fanaticism that 
                         consumes the confirmed collector of 
                         antique rugs. If the former, well and 
                         good: de gustibus non disputandum est. 
                         But if the latter, if you have grasped the 
                         idea, then perhaps you will understand 
                         why I crave a bit of fresh air and a 
                         change of scene whenever I catch a whiff 
                         of attar of roses, or a glimpse of a fine, 
                         hard-spun silken cord. 
                     
                     
                         I WAS making one of my customary 
                         reconnaissances, prowling tours in 
                         search of the perfect rug, the wondrous 
                         prize; though what I'd have done with it 
                         is a bit beyond me, unless I'd have tacked 
                         it to the ceiling. All other space is occu- 
                         pied. Furthermore, I am at times hereti- 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         cal enough to fancy that it is better to 
                         know that the rent, due on the morrow, 
                         will be in cash available for payment to 
                         the landlord instead of being draped over 
                         a lounge, or parked on the last bit of 
                         vacant wall or floor space. 
                     
                     
                         A chubby, oily little fellow from some- 
                         where in Asia Minor, with features that 
                         combined Mephisto with Kewpie, ap- 
                         proached and offered his services, assur- 
                         ing me that some rare bargains would be 
                         auctioned off that afternoon. I assured 
                         him that I was merely prowling about. 
                     
                     
                         "A fine Kirman. Worth seven hundred 
                         dollars," he began, just from force of 
                         habit. "Perhaps you will bid on it? Get 
                         it for two-three hundred." 
                     
                     
                         I didn't bother to tell him that I'd 
                         not use it for a bath mat; that it was a 
                         sickly-looking mess, with its flabby tex- 
                         ture, its aniline dyes, bleached to un- 
                         natural softness, and its fearful, glassy 
                         luster gained from glycerin and hot 
                         rollers, and that it would hardly be a fit 
                         companion for a Kirman rose-rug of the 
                         old school. So he left me to my own de- 
                         vices, to tear down several piles, shoul- 
                         der-high, of rugs of varying quality; 
                         mainly atrocities recently woven to satisfy 
                         the ever-increasing demand for Oriental 
                         rugs: wretched rags which the auctioneer 
                         would later exhibit, glassily agleam under 
                         a powerful floodlight, and describe as 
                         "Royal" Bijar, "Royal" Sarouk, or 
                         "Royal" Kashan, or "Royal" whatever 
                         travesty it was on some ancient, honor- 
                         able weave. 
                     
                     
                         Weariness and more weariness. I 
                         worked my way through the second pile, 
                         and with like result. An old Feraghan 
                         tempted me, but I decided that though 
                         honest and ancient, it would cost too 
                         much to have the worn spots rewoven. 
                         Nor did the third pile bring forth any- 
                         thing of interest. Then, poking about in 
                         a dark corner, I found behind a baled, 
                         room-sized carpet, a scrap of something 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 SALADIN'S THRONE-RUG 107 
                 
                     
                     
                         which even in that dim light had the look 
                         of antiquity, the stamp of personality 
                         possessed only by one of the old guard. 
                         And it had the feel of ancient weaving. 
                     
                     
                         I dragged it out. Through all its coat- 
                         ing of dust and dirt, the unbelievable 
                         richness of the dyes, the "bald-headed- 
                         ness" of the back and subdued luster of 
                         the face were apparent. Then--horrible 
                         sight!--I saw that I had but a portion of 
                         a rug, between half and two-thirds of 
                         one, the remnant of something which if 
                         complete would be priceless. Judging 
                         from the fragment, the complete piece 
                         would be about five feet wide and twelve 
                         feet long, or thereabout. Some barbarian 
                         had sliced it in two, crosswise, with a 
                         clean, sweeping cut that left in this frag- 
                         ment about half of the medallion which 
                         had been the central design of the com- 
                         plete piece. 
                     
                     
                         What fool would commit such a 
                         wanton infamy, such an uncalled-for blas- 
                         phemy? And then I recalled that classic 
                         incident of early Moslem history, where- 
                         in one of the Prophet's fanatic generals, 
                         in apportioning the loot of a Persian pal- 
                         ace, had dismembered a gold-threaded 
                         carpet, giving each of his captains a por- 
                         tion, saying that it would have been un- 
                         fair to let any one individual retain the 
                         entire rug; and offering the equally good 
                         reason that such a pagan vanity deserved 
                         mutilation! 
                     
                     
                         Under stronger light, I saw that my 
                         instinct for a rarity had indeed been true. 
                         The weave was incredibly fine, at least 
                         six or seven hundred knots to the square 
                         inch; the pile, worn to the warp, was of 
                         silk; and the ground inside the main 
                         border, and surrounding the central 
                         medallion, was of silver bullion thread, 
                         woven tapestrywise about the warp 
                         threads instead of being tied and clipped 
                         so as to make a nap, as is the practise 
                         when weaving with silk or wool. Here, 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         certes, was the adornment of a palace, 
                         the gift of one prince to another! 
                     
                     
                         Fortunately for my chances of buying 
                         the fragment, the silver bullion ground 
                         was so tarnished and caked with dirt that 
                         its true nature would scarcely be noticed: 
                         for if some collector with a bottomless 
                         wallet would see, recognize, and bid 
                         against my poverty, I'd surely lose out. 
                         But the chances were that even a keen 
                         observer, unless he had examined the 
                         relic closely, would pass it up as a mere 
                         scrap unworthy of consideration. 
                     
                     
                         But then I had to take the auctioneer 
                         into account. If in handling that frag- 
                         ment, displaying it to the assembled 
                         bidders, he ever noticed that its ground 
                         was of silver thread, I'd be strictly out of 
                         luck. However, there was little chance 
                         he'd notice the pile was of silk; for it 
                         was worn to the warp; and since all 
                         ancient rugs, either of silk or wool, have 
                         a greasy, slick surface, his sense of touch 
                         might not enlighten him. 
                     
                     
                         I had to buy that ancient fragment; 
                         and I had to get it without the auction- 
                         eer's realizing what was going on. 
                     
                     
                         Just what device would minimize his 
                         chances of noticing the true nature of 
                         what was passing through his hands? 
                         And then came the solution. 
                     
                     
                         "Boy, come here a minute!" 
                     
                     
                         One of the uniformed porters ap- 
                         proached, I gave him his instructions, also 
                         a couple of dollar bills, and the promise 
                         of as much more if the ruse worked; also 
                         the promise that I'd hunt him up and 
                         down the earth with a sawed-off shotgun 
                         if he failed me. 
                     
                     
                         It was now 1:30, and the auction was 
                         to begin at 2. Prospective bidders were 
                         already taking seats before the auction- 
                         eer's rostrum. The average bargain hunter 
                         has such sublime confidence in his or her 
                         ability to pick a rug or other precious 
                         article at first glance that few bother to 
                         examine the treasures before bidding; 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 108 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         and thus no one intruded on my final 
                         study of the fragment I had unearthed. 
                     
                     
                         I contrived to decipher die inscription 
                         in the remaining half of the central 
                         medallion I'd stumbled across. And al- 
                         though I'm no scholar, I can in a pinch 
                         hammer out a few words of Arabic, and 
                         get enough to supply at least the context 
                         of an inscription. 
                     
                       at the feet of my Lord I fall; I have bowed  me down seven times with breast and back;  and all that the King
                            said to me,  well, well do I hear! Abimilki, a  servant of the King am I, and  the dust of thy two
                            feet! 
                     
                     
                         This much I could gather; the upper half 
                         of the inscription, in the missing upper 
                         half of the medallion, doubtless con- 
                         tained the preliminary honorifics, and per- 
                         haps even the name of the prince to 
                         whom the rug had been presented. Pre- 
                         sented where? At Trebizond, Damascus, 
                         Isphahan, Baghdad? What king? Shah 
                         Abbas? Nadir Shall? Who had received 
                         the servile protestations of this prince- 
                         ling, Abimilki? 
                     
                     
                         THE opening of the daily auction 
                         broke into my reflections. I caught 
                         the eye of the porter I had bribed, and 
                         then found a seat. "Royal" Bijars and 
                         "Royal" Sarouks were extolled and 
                         lauded with all the dramatic art and per- 
                         jury at the command of auctioneers hail- 
                         ing from the Near East. And under the 
                         floodlights, those pseudo-royal rugs did 
                         have a magnificent appearance. 
                     
                     
                         "How much am I offered for this 
                         Royal Sarouk? This magnificent, lustrous 
                         carpet! It is worth a thousand dollars! 
                         Am I offered seven hundred? Seven hun- 
                         dred? They are getting scarcer every day! 
                         A genuine, Royal Sarouk! Do I hear five 
                         hundred? Is there no one here who really 
                         knows rugs? This is not a floor covering, 
                         this is--four hundred? Thank you. I am 
                         offered four hundred dollars. That 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         shouldn't even buy the fringe! Will 
                         someone give me five hundred? Did 
                         I hear four fifty? Seventy-five. . . . 
                         Eighty? Thank you. Who offers five 
                         hundred? ..." 
                     
                     
                         And thus through the heap of rugs. 
                         Then came some Boukhara saddle-bags, 
                         one at a time; then more "Royal" Bijars, 
                         and Kashans, and Kirmans. Valiantly the 
                         plump Mephisto, pleading, groaning, 
                         holding out for just one more dollar, per- 
                         jured his way through the stacks beside 
                         the rostrum. And all the while the porter 
                         paraded up and down the aisle, giving 
                         the bidders a glimpse of the articles in 
                         question. 
                     
                     
                         Finally, after an hour's exhorting, after 
                         the perspiration was trickling down his 
                         cheeks and glistening on his brow, after 
                         fatigue had left its marks on the chubby 
                         auctioneer, the porter handed him the 
                         fragment I had discovered. 
                     
                     
                         Under that powerful light, its suave 
                         magnificence glowed forth through the 
                         coating of dust and dirt. Devil take that 
                         light! But thanks to the nap's being worn 
                         so close, the now weary auctioneer, some- 
                         what dulled by fatigue, did not sense that 
                         he held the remains of a silken rug in his 
                         hands; nor did the silver bullion ground 
                         below the medallion betray itself. The 
                         porter had handed him the end nearest 
                         the original center, where the medallion 
                         reached from border to border, and where 
                         consequently there was no silver ground 
                         to meet his fingertips. Then, scarcely had 
                         the orator opened his harangue, the 
                         porter snatched the precious fabric and 
                         was dashing down the aisle, holding it as 
                         well knotted up as he could contrive 
                         without seeming to do so. 
                     
                     
                         Noble African! Nevertheless, it was a 
                         ticklish moment. 
                     
                     
                         "How much am I offered for this 
                         antique rug?" he had begun, flashing it 
                         beneath the flaring floodlight, before 
                         yielding it to the eager porter. "Yes, sir, 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 SALADIN'S THRONE-RUG 109 
                 
                     
                     
                         I know it is half of a rug, but it is 
                         old and very rare. It is an antique 
                         Tabriz. . . ." 
                     
                     
                         Which proved that he'd never seen it 
                         before I'd exhumed it from that dark, 
                         dusty comer! That he'd not noticcd the 
                         silver ground! Tabriz . . . pure and 
                         simple improvisation on his part. 
                     
                     
                         "Sixty dollars? Thank you. I am of- 
                         fered sixty. It is worth several hundred. 
                         A rare old Tabriz. Seventy? Thank you, 
                         madam!" 
                     
                     
                         Damn that school-teacher! What made 
                         her think it was worth seventy? Though 
                         she might be a decoy to raise the bids. 
                     
                     
                         So I came up five. 
                     
                     
                         "Will anyone offer a hundred? Ninety? 
                         Give me ninety for this rare old--I am 
                         offered ninety! Will someone make it a 
                         hundred?" 
                     
                     
                         I rather fancied that my ninety-five 
                         would land it. 
                     
                     
                         "Ninety-five . . . once . . . ninety-five 
                         . . . twice . . ." 
                     
                     
                         The porter was already thrusting an- 
                         other piece into the auctioneer's weary 
                         fingers. 
                     
                     
                         But before the hammer could 
                         drop-- 
                     
                     
                         "El hamdu li-llh!" gasped someone 
                         at my right. "One hundred!" 
                     
                     
                         A lean foreigner with a nose like the 
                         beak of a bird of prey took the seat next 
                         to me; a Turk, perhaps, or a Kurd whom 
                         civilization had not robbed of his alert, 
                         predatory air and desert gauntness. 
                     
                     
                         "And ten!" I snapped back. 
                     
                     
                         "One-fifty," enunciated the newcomer. 
                     
                     
                         Hell's hinges! Who was that fool? 
                         And who ever heard of an Oriental, un- 
                         less he were a dealer, caring a happy hoot 
                         about the threadbare, worn fragment of 
                         an antique ring. 
                     
                     
                         "And seventy-five!" 
                     
                     
                         That ought to stop him. But it didn't. 
                         Not for a moment. 
                     
                     
                         "Two hundred," he pronounced. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         And when I raised him twenty-five, he 
                         did as much for me, and without batting 
                         an eyelash. I prayed that some angel 
                         would slip me the handle of a meat-ax, 
                         and then offered fifty more. 
                     
                     
                         The auctioneer beamed and gloated 
                         and rubbed his hands, and praised heaven 
                         for connoisseurs who appreciated antiques. 
                         The porter, from force of habit, once 
                         more began to deploy the precious piece 
                         to egg on the bidders, but, catching my 
                         eye, he desisted; though it could have 
                         done no harm, for that relentless heathen 
                         at my right was out for that rug. That 
                         "El-hamdu li-llh!" was the incredulous 
                         gasp of one who has stumbled around a 
                         corner and met fate face to face; it would 
                         be my roll against his. 
                     
                     
                         "Three-fifty!" he announced, scarcely 
                         giving the overjoyed auctioneer a chance 
                         to acknowledge my last bid. 
                     
                     
                         "Five hundred!" was my last despair- 
                         ing effort. 
                     
                     
                         And "five-fifty" came like the crack of 
                         doom. 
                     
                     
                         The stranger rose from his seat, peeled 
                         a wad of bills from a roll that would 
                         have choked a rhinoceros, and claimed his 
                         prize. Have it delivered? Absolutely not! 
                         And when I saw the look in his eye, and 
                         the gesture with which he draped that 
                         scrap over his arm, I knew that all the 
                         wealth of the Indies could not separate 
                         him from one thread of that ancient relic. 
                     
                     
                         I CLIMBED to my feet and strode down 
                         the aisle, talking to myself in non- 
                         apostolic tongues. But as I reached the 
                         paving, my meditations were interrupted. 
                     
                     
                         "Allow me to thank you, effendi" 
                     
                     
                         It was the foreigner, still caressing the 
                         nap of the precious fragment he had 
                         draped over his arm. 
                     
                     
                         "I owe you a great deal for having dis- 
                         covered this piece. Though I was almost 
                         too late." 
                     
                     
                         I couldn't resist that courtly manner, 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 110 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         that cordial good-fellowship. The bird 
                         of prey had laid aside his predatory man- 
                         ner and seemed really overjoyed about 
                         something; happiness, exaltation were 
                         mingled with his triumph. 
                     
                     
                         "Don't thank me; thank my slim bank 
                         roll," I laughed, and swallowed the rem- 
                         nants of my disappointment. 
                     
                     
                         "I have been hunting that piece for 
                         years," continued the stranger. "In Stam- 
                         boul, Sultanabad, Tabriz . . . New York 
                         . . . London . . . wherever rugs are sold. 
                         And now I, or rather you, have found it. 
                         I regret your disappointment. But I had 
                         to have that rug," he concluded, speaking 
                         his last phrase in the tone of a bigoted 
                         Moslem announcing his belief in the 
                         unity of Allah. 
                     
                     
                         "So I noted," was my reply; though 
                         it wasn't as ill-natured as it may sound. 
                     
                     
                         "If you can spare the time, I shall tell 
                         you the story. And show you the other 
                         half of the rug. You knew, of course, 
                         that there was another half." 
                     
                     
                         This was becoming interesting. 
                     
                     
                         "I suspected as much; though who, 
                         and where--" 
                     
                     
                         "I am Ilderim Shirkuh bin Ayyub," 
                         announced the stranger, and bowed in 
                         response to my acknowledgment of the 
                         introduction. 
                     
                     
                         Ilderim Shirkuh bin Ayyub. Very im- 
                         pressive. But what of it?--though there 
                         was something familiar about that reso- 
                         nant handle. 
                     
                     
                         He led the way to a car parked at the 
                         curbing. 
                     
                     
                         DURING our drive north, bin Ayyub 
                         maintained a reflective silence that 
                         gave me a bit of time for my own 
                         thoughts. And as the long, aristocratic 
                         car purred its way toward the Gold 
                         Coast, I began to sense that I had indeed 
                         fallen into something. True, I had lost 
                         the prize I had sought to capture; but 
                         had I made the grade, I'd probably have 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         remained in ignorance of its entire 
                         significance. 
                     
                     
                         A few blocks past the Edgewater 
                         Beach Hotel we drew up before an 
                         ancient, bulky mansion set back of an 
                         acre of lawn; a great house, its dignity 
                         still overshadowing its approaching de- 
                         crepitude; an outlaw, a rebel that still 
                         withstood the encroachment of apart- 
                         ments and apartment hotels. 
                     
                     
                         A negro, arrayed in a striped buftan 
                         and wearing a massive, spirally twisted 
                         turban, ushered us into a dimly lit salon 
                         which, though almost bare of furniture, 
                         was magnificently carpeted and tapestried 
                         with ancient, lustrous Persian rugs. 
                         Clusters of arms and armor placed at in- 
                         tervals along the walls gleamed icily in 
                         the dull light of several great, brazen 
                         floor-lamps. It seemed almost sacrilege 
                         to tread on that magnificent palace car- 
                         pet whose exquisite loveliness, framed by 
                         a border of hardwood floor, reminded me 
                         of a diamond set off by its background of 
                         onyx. 
                     
                     
                         Bin Ayyub finally broke the silence he 
                         had maintained; for as we entered, he 
                         had with a gesture invited me to be 
                         seated, he himself remaining on his feet, 
                         preoccupied, regarding the precious frag- 
                         ment he had captured, looking at it as 
                         though all the splendor about him was 
                         cheap and tawdry in comparison to that 
                         threadbare, eroded scrap he held in his 
                         hands. 
                     
                     
                         "Unintentionally--and involuntarily 
                         also--you have done me a great service," 
                         he at last began, as he seated himself. 
                         "As I told you, I am Ilderim Shirkuh bin 
                         Ayyub." 
                     
                     
                         Again he paused, as if to let that im- 
                         pressive title sink home. And as I saw 
                         him against that background of lustrous 
                         rugs and damascened simitars and armor, 
                         I wondered whether I had been wrong in 
                         having omitted a salaam. 
                     
                     
                         Bin Ayyub turned to the negro and-- 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 SALADIN'S THRONE-RUG 111 
                 
                     
                     
                         I can in no other way describe his man- 
                         ner--published an order. Then, to me, 
                         "You have heard of Salah ad Din Yusuf 
                         bin Ayyub? In your language, Saladin?" 
                     
                     
                         "Certainly. Who has not?" 
                     
                     
                         "I am descended in direct line from 
                         Saladin; that fragment is part of the 
                         throne-rug of my ancestor, the nephew 
                         of Shirkuh of Tekrit, and sultan of Syria 
                         and Egypt. Now do you begin to see why 
                         I value that scrap?" 
                     
                     
                         "Do you mean to say that that rug 
                         covered the throne of Saladin?" 
                     
                     
                         "Exactly. And I shall prove it." 
                     
                     
                         Even as bin Ayyub spoke, the African 
                         returned, carrying a small chest of dark 
                         wood, elaborately carved, and bound in 
                         bands of discolored metal, bluish black, 
                         like age-old silver. 
                     
                     
                         "Look how the pieces match!" exulted 
                         bin Ayyub, as he took from the chest that 
                         which I saw at a glance was the other 
                         part of the relic I had discovered. The 
                         pieces did indeed match perfectly; though 
                         the last-acquired fragment was somewhat 
                         the more worn and eroded by the rough 
                         use of those who had possessed it, ig- 
                         norant of its worth. 
                     
                     
                         "Read, effendi! Surely you can read, 
                         else you would never have bid this after- 
                         noon." 
                     
                     
                         But I insisted that bin Ayyub read and 
                         translate into English. I felt rather fool- 
                         ish about strutting my halting Arabic be- 
                         fore this polished Oriental whose very 
                         English was better than my own. 
                     
                     
                         In the name of Allah,  the Merciful, the Compas-  sionate! To my Lord Salah ad  Din Yusuf bin Ayyub, the
                            Sun of  Heaven, thus hath spoken Abimilki, the  groom of thy horse: I am the dust under the  sandals of my
                            Lord the King; seven and seven times  at the feet of my Lord I fall; I have bowed  me down seven times with breast
                            and  back; and all that the King said to  me, well, well do I hear! Abim-  ilki, a servant of the King am
                            I,  and the dust of thy two feet! 
                     
                     
                         And here it was, threadbare and 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         eroded by the passing of eight centuries, 
                         the throne-rug of Saladin, that great 
                         prince who elevated himself from the 
                         castle of Tekrit, in Kurdistan, to the 
                         throne of Syria and Egypt, and reigned 
                         as Defender of the Faith and Sword of 
                         Islam. . . . 
                     
                     
                         Had the auctioneer's hammer fallen 
                         just an instant earlier-- 
                     
                     
                         "Allhu akbar!" ejaculated bin Ayyub, 
                         sensing my thoughts. "To think of how 
                         close a race it was! A second later, and I 
                         might now be bargaining with you for 
                         your prize, offering you all my posses- 
                         sions for that one fragment of carpet. 
                         And you would have refused. . . . I 
                         would go barefooted through the tali 
                         flames of Gehennem for what I took 
                         from you an hour ago." Then, to the 
                         negro: "Saoud! Prepare some coffee! 
                     
                     
                         "I wonder," he resumed, "if you have 
                         any truly rare rugs in your collection? 
                         Like that Isphahan, for example?" 
                     
                     
                         Bin Ayyub plucked from the wall what 
                         even in that dim light I recognized as an 
                         ancient Isphahan: that deep wine-red and 
                         solemn green, that classically perfect ren- 
                         dition of the Shah Abbas border and field 
                         were unmistakable. It was indeed an old 
                         Isphahan, that final, supreme prize of the 
                         collector; that rarest and most costly of 
                         all rugs. 
                     
                     
                         I admitted that I had not attained, and 
                         probably never should attain, to such a 
                         fabulously scarce piece of weaving. 
                     
                     
                         "You are wrong, quite wrong. For 
                         since I need that wall space for Saladin's 
                         throne-rug, I shall give you that Isphahan 
                         with my thanks and apologies--" 
                     
                     
                         "Apologies?" 
                     
                     
                         "Yes. For what I am giving you is a 
                         worthless rag compared with what I 
                         took from you this afternoon." 
                     
                     
                         Such generosity is dizzying. That small, 
                         perfect Isphahan would be worth several 
                         thousand dollars even had it been ragged 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 112 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         as a last year's bird's nest. I was stumped, 
                         stopped dead. 
                     
                     
                         SAOUD, entering with coffee, inter- 
                         rupted my thanks. After having 
                         served the steaming, night-black, deathly 
                         bitter beverage, the negro took his post 
                         at the farther end of the salon, in front 
                         of a pair of heavy curtains that I fancied 
                         must conceal an alcove. 
                     
                     
                         "In El-Khireh it is the custom to per- 
                         fume one's coffee with a tiny bit of am- 
                         bergris," remarked bin Ayyub. "But I 
                         have devised a more subtle combination." 
                     
                     
                         In response to the master's nod, Saoud 
                         parted the silver-embroidered curtains 
                         and caught them on the hilts of the simi- 
                         tars that hung at each side of the alcove. 
                         A great jar, fully as tall as the negro, and 
                         gracefully curved as a Grecian amphora, 
                         glowed in the level, sunset rays like a 
                         monstrous, rosy-amber bead. 
                     
                     
                         He lifted the cover of the jar: and 
                         from it rolled a wave of overwhelming 
                         sweetness, an unearthly fragrance so curi- 
                         ously blended that I could not pick the 
                         dominant odor. Jasmine, or the rose of 
                         Naishpr, or all the mingled spices of 
                         Cebu and Saigon . . . with undertones of 
                         sandalwood and patchouli. ... A dizzy- 
                         ing madness, a surge of intoxicating 
                         warmth and richness poured resistlessly 
                         from the glowing, pulsating, almost 
                         transparent depths of that great urn. 
                     
                     
                         I wondered how Saoud could endure 
                         it at such close range. And then, drink- 
                         ing fully of the potent wave that swept 
                         past me, I lost all physical sensation save 
                         that of floating in a sea of torrid, con- 
                         fusing sweetness. And then the African 
                         replaced the cover of the jar. I fancied 
                         that he reeled ever so slightly as he with- 
                         drew from that throbbing luminous 
                         fountain of unbelievable fragrance, and 
                         wondered that he did not collapse. 
                     
                     
                         Bin Ayyub had apparently forgotten 
                         my presence. He sipped his coffee, and 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         with half-closed eyes stared into the 
                         depths of the urn. The unfathomable, 
                         perfect peace which Moslems wish each 
                         other with their "Es-Salaam Aleika" had 
                         descended upon him: keyf, the placid en- 
                         joyment of wakefulness that is half sleep. 
                     
                     
                         The silence, the utter repose was con- 
                         tagious. I found myself gazing, eyes half 
                         out of focus, at the throne-rug. . . . 
                     
                     
                         And then I sensed that eyes were 
                         staring at me from some place of con- 
                         cealment. I turned and caught a glimpse 
                         of a dainty armful, shapely and elegantly 
                         contoured: a girl with smoldering, sara- 
                         cenic eyes, pools of dusky enchantment. 
                         Just for an instant I held her level, un- 
                         abashed gaze which lingered long enough 
                         to let me fully sense her imperious calm 
                         and composure. It was just a glimpse, 
                         barely enough to let me recognize the 
                         transparent, olive complexion and faint- 
                         ly aquiline features of a Transcaucasian, 
                         a Gurjestani, the most flawlessly lovely of 
                         all Oriental women. And then the por- 
                         tires closed on the vision. 
                     
                     
                         What a mad afternoon! The throne- 
                         rug of Saladin ... and then the descend- 
                         ant of that great prince . . . and that girl, 
                         with her smoldering, kohl-darkened eyes 
                         . . . the familiar spirit of the urn whose 
                         Byzantine curves imprisoned that glow- 
                         ing, rosy-amber sea of sweetness . . . wild 
                         thought! . . . but she was small and 
                         dainty enough to have emerged from that 
                         great jar, and then vanished back into 
                         its shimmering, pulsating depths. . . . 
                     
                     
                         "The contents of that jar," began bin 
                         Ayyub, emerging from the silence, 
                         "would make a rich perfume of all the 
                         seas of the world. It would be folly to try 
                         to imagine the countless myriads of blos- 
                         soms and herbs, spices and gums that 
                         are imprisoned in that essence. A drop, a 
                         thousand-fold diluted, and a drop of that 
                         dilution, equally diluted, would be more 
                         potent than the strongest scents known 
                         to your Feringhi perfumers." 
                     
                 
                 W. T.--7 
             
             
                 
                 WEIRD TALES 113 
                 
                     
                     
                     
                         "It seems you took a fearful risk in 
                         shipping such a fragile and predous 
                         article into this country," I suggested. 
                     
                     
                         "It was risky. Still, I would rather have 
                         had it shattered en route than fall into 
                         the hands of the spoilers who looted my 
                         house in Stamboul. But as luck would 
                         have it, there was a babbler among my 
                         enemies, so that I had warning. I packed 
                         my treasures, and smuggled them out, 
                         one at a time. And the night before the 
                         bowstring was to grace my throat, my 
                         family and I left in disguise." 
                     
                     
                         Bin Ayyub paused to reflect a moment, 
                         wondering, perhaps, whether to carry on 
                         or change the subject. And then the dark- 
                         ness of his deep-set eyes flared fiercely. 
                     
                     
                         "Do you see that cord?" He indicated 
                         a fine strand of hard-braided silk which 
                         hung from the peg that supported the 
                         simitar at the right of the alcove con- 
                         taining the Byzantine urn. "My enemy 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         was so careless as to walk by moonlight 
                         the evening before a doom was to settle 
                         on my house. And as a souvenir of the 
                         promenade, I brought with me that fine, 
                         stout cord which, for all he cared, I might 
                         have left there to chafe his throat," con- 
                         cluded bin Ayyub, as he stroked his black 
                         mustache. 
                     
                     
                         And then he showed me how the bow- 
                         string is employed; that flickering, swift 
                         gesture of his long, lean hands was grue- 
                         somely convincing. Bin Ayyub was in- 
                         deed a versatile man. 
                     
                     
                         "Swift and probably painless?" I vol- 
                         unteered. 
                     
                     
                         "Yes. But if I had my choice of 
                         deaths," mused bin Ayyub, "I would 
                         elect to be drowned in a pool of that 
                         perfume, with my breath so rich with its 
                         fragrance that my senses would entirely 
                         forsake me. ..." 
                     
                     
                         A tinkle of bracelets interrupted his 
                     
                 
                 
                     GOING FAST! 
                     If you have not read the April, 1934, issue of "Weird Tales" we are giving you this last opportunity to procure a copy. 
                     A few of the superb stories in this issue are: 
                     SATAN'S GARDEN, by E. Hoffmann Price. The story of a terrific adventure in Bayonne, two ravishingly beautiful girls, occult
                        evil and sudden death in the lair of the hasheesh-eaters. 
                     BLACK THIRST, by C. L. Moore. A fascinating story about a weird charac- ter called the Alendar, whose every move is cloaked in
                        mystery. 
                     SHADOWS IN THE MOONLIGHT, by Robert E. Howard. A colossal tale about gigantic iron statues that stood in a ghastly row in the
                        moonlight. 
                     THE DEATH OF MALYGRIS, by Clark Ashton Smith. Even in death, the mighty wizard proved himself greater than his peers--a story
                        of weird sorcery. 
                     BEHIND THE SCREEN, by Dale Clark. The tale of a doomed man who ex- perienced a terrible awakening in a curious shop in
                        Chinatown. 
                     Because of the limited supply, we urge you to send in your order at once, if you desire to obtain a copy. Price 25 cents. 
                     WEIRD TALES, 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, Illinois 
                 
                 W. T.--8 
             
             
                 
                 114 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         musings. The portires parted, and the 
                         lady from Gurjestan reappeared. In that 
                         strange atmosphere, it never occurred to 
                         me to commit the faux pas of rising as 
                         she entered. This was doubtless bin 
                         Ayyub's "family"; and, though the United 
                         States were on the street, they had not 
                         quite penetrated to this dim salon, so 
                         that I felt it would be tactful not to seem 
                         to take any notice of the girl. Upon more 
                         intimate acquaintance with bin Ayyub, I 
                         might be presented to her; but not at 
                         present. 
                     
                     
                         Bin Ayyub replied to her purring, 
                         rippling syllables, speaking some lan- 
                         guage unknown to me; and then the 
                         tapestried portires closed and hid her 
                         from sight. 
                     
                     
                         "You will surely pardon me, effendi. 
                         Though Djnane Hanoum speaks Eng- 
                         lish, she prefers her native language," he 
                         remarked, then clapped his hands to sum- 
                         mon Saoud. 
                     
                     
                         Fresh coffee was served. And then, as 
                         my cigarette smoldered to its finish, bin 
                         Ayyub rose, rolled up the precious Is- 
                         phahan and again offered it to me. 
                     
                     
                         "And in ten days or two weeks the 
                         throne-rug of Saladin will be spliced by 
                         skilled weavers. I would be very glad to 
                         have you return and see it after it is 
                         restored." 
                     
                     
                         The clicking of the latch behind me 
                         reminded me that I was again in the city 
                         of Chicago; and the Isphahan did not let 
                         me forget that I had actually been awake 
                         the past few hours. 
                     
                     
                         WHENEVER there has been a killing, 
                         the vultures assemble. I had mar- 
                         veled that Morgan Revell had not stum- 
                         bled across the throne-rug of Saladin be- 
                         fore I did. Thus it was that I was not 
                         surprized to have him call at my apart- 
                         ment that very evening. 
                     
                     
                         "Well . . . most extraordinary, that. 
                         Where did you get it?" he demanded, 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         as he paused in the doorway, stripping 
                         off his gloves in preparation for the in- 
                         spection of the Isphahan that bin Ayyub 
                         had so generously given me. "Shades of 
                         Shah Abbas! Strike me blind, but it 
                         seems genuine. And perfect." 
                     
                     
                         He then parked his bulk in my favorite 
                         chair, and poured himself a drink, and 
                         proceeded to extract the story. And 
                         naturally I was not at all averse to en- 
                         lightening him; for this would about even 
                         up for his eternal boasting of the mosque 
                         carpet of Eski Shehr: a remarkable tale, 
                         but one which eventually wears on one's 
                         nerves. 
                     
                     
                         "On the level now, did anyone actually 
                         make you a present of this Isphahan?" he 
                         inquired as I concluded my account of the 
                         day's doings. 
                     
                     
                         "Idiot," said I, "do you think I could 
                         have bought it?" 
                     
                     
                         "Well, no. But still--" His features 
                         parted in a reminiscent grin. "Perhaps 
                         you remember the mosque carpet of Eski 
                         Shehr?" 
                     
                     
                         "Lay off that mosque carpet! No, I 
                         got this honestly and without any of your 
                         clever devices." 
                     
                     
                         "Score one for you! But really now, 
                         old egg, don't you know, this is a most 
                         unusual tale you're telling. Quite pre- 
                         posterous, quite! First of all, this bin 
                         Ayyub person is a rara avis, and all that, 
                         if at all. Who ever heard of one of those 
                         beggars who had any appreciation of an 
                         antique rug?" 
                     
                     
                         "What about--?" 
                     
                     
                         "Rot! Whoever you were going to cite 
                         is probably a dealer. It's simply preposter- 
                         ous, this bin Ayyub who collects ancient 
                         rugs. And that descendant of Saladin; 
                         why really, old fruit, that doesn't hold 
                         water at all." 
                     
                     
                         I insisted that there were Orientals who 
                         did appreciate the beauty of the won- 
                         drous rugs which they wove. 
                     
                     
                         "Quite so, quite so. But just consider," 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 WEIRD TALES 115 
                 
                     
                     
                         countered Revell, "that this Isphahan 
                         which you treasure as an antique was 
                         painfully new in the days when good old 
                         Shah Abbas was so partial to fine weav- 
                         ing and inventing new designs. That 
                         jolly prince had nothing but antiques on 
                         his hands, and he craved new ones; also 
                         new patterns. So much so that he sent 
                         artists to Italy to study design." 
                     
                     
                         "But, damn it, I tell you--" 
                     
                     
                         "Ah yes, surely. Nevertheless, I insist 
                         that the appreciation of antiques is an 
                         Occidental taste, and one which is jolly 
                         well artificial. Remember that little 
                         Armenian in Ashjian's showrooms and 
                         how much he felt that we were upset 
                         above the ears for preferring a thread- 
                         bare Kabistan to a new Sarouk?" 
                     
                     
                         I remembered. 
                     
                     
                         "Well, now go to Ashjian's and let 
                         that same lad catch you admiring a Kir- 
                         man rose-rug. Hear him sigh with much 
                         ecstasy; see him caper about; get the gal- 
                         lons of praise he pours on the heads of 
                         those fine old eggs who really knew how 
                         to weave a rug. He knows his litany 
                         now; but he wasn't born that way." 
                     
                     
                         Revell scored. 
                     
                     
                         "But bin Ayyub is a cultured gentle- 
                         man. I'll take you out to his house, and 
                         then you'll be convinced about it all, in- 
                         cluding his being a descendant of 
                         Saladin." 
                     
                     
                         "Very well, have it your own way. 
                         You know, it really may be quite pos- 
                         sible. Only, it's just a bit unusual, if you 
                         know what I mean," Revell finally con- 
                         ceded as I completed my repetition of the 
                         story, and added bits of color I had 
                         omitted the first time. "Not that I 
                         doubted your word. But in all honesty, 
                         old onion, can you blame me for being a 
                         shade skeptical? When even the Shall's 
                         palace in Teheran is cluttered with gilt 
                         bric--brac, and modern Sultanieh rugs, 
                         and all that sort of atrocious thing. 
                         Beastly taste these beggars show. But this 
                     
                 
                 
                     BACK COPIES 
                     A RIVAL FROM THE GRAVE, by Seabury Quinn (January 1936)--A tale of creepy horror that rises to a climax of sheer terror. Also
                        fascinating stories by August W. Derleth, Paul Ernst, C. L. Moore, Rob- ert E. Howard, Richard H. Hart, J. Wesley Rosen-
                        quest, Robert Barbour Johnson, and H. P. Lovecraft. 
                     YVALA, by C. L. Moore (February 1936)--The story of a gloriously beautiful woman, as cruel and dangerous as a flame from Hell.
                        Also, Paul Ernst, Forbes Parkhill, Frank Owen, Robert E. Howard, Li- reve Monet, Loretta Burrough, Theodore Tinsley, Andrew
                        Daw, and H. P. Lovecraft. 
                     THE ALBINO DEATHS, by Ronal Kayser (March 1936)--A grim weird story of torture on the Wheel of Death in a fantastic dungeon.
                        Also, Eando Binder, Paul Ernst, Clark Ashton Smith, Robert E. Howard, Edmond Hamilton, A. J. Mordtmann, Henry Kuttner, Jay
                        Wilmer Benjamin, and Jean Richepin. 
                     THE RULER OF FATE, by Jack Williamson (April 1936)--A romantic story about a weird being that rules Earth from a cavern of
                        horror on the Moon. Also, Carl Jacobi, Arlton Eadie, August W. Derleth, Robert E. Howard, Robert Bloch, Chandler H. Whip- ple,
                        Ronal Kayser, and E. Hoffmann Price. 
                     THE ROOM OF SHADOWS, by Arthur J. Burks (May 1936)--This story will send icy fingers up your spine, as the ghastly horror
                        unfolds itself. Also, Paul Ernst, Jack Williamson, Robert Bloch, Seabury Quinn, Edmond Hamilton, Manly Wade Wellman, Renier
                        Wyers, August W. Derleth, and Donald Wandrel. 
                     LOOT OF THE VAMPIRE, by Thorp McClusky (June 1936)--An eery, spine-freezing story that will hold your fascinated interest.
                        Also, Robert E. How- ard, Hugh Davidson, August W. Derleth, Robert Bloch, Jack Williamson, A. V. Milyer, Harold G. Shane, M.
                        J. Bardine, Norman E. Hammerstrom. and Richard F. Searight. 
                     RED NAILS, by Robert E. Howard (July 1936)-- A fascinating tale of a weird roofed city, the black lotus, and the queerest
                        people ever spawned. Also, Clark Ashton Smith, Edmond Hamilton, Ronal Kayser, Thorp McClusky, C. L. Moore, August W. Derleth,
                        Renier Wyers, Manly Wade Wellman, Bobo Wildberg, and A. Conan Doyle. 
                     THE DOOR INTO INFINITY, by Edmond Hamilton (September 1936)--An amazing weird mystery story, packed with thrills, danger and
                        startling events. Also, Paul Ernst, G. G. Pendarves, Pearl Norton Swet, Robert E. Howard, August W. Derleth, Paul Compton,
                        Ronal Kayser, and Victor Rowan. 
                     ISLE OF THE UNDEAD, by Lloyd Arthur Eshbach (October 1936)--An uncanny tale of the fate that befell a yachting party on the
                        awful island of living dead men. Also, Robert Bloch, Dorothy Quick, Earl Peirce, Jr., C. L. Moore, Robert E. Howard, Arthur B.
                        Waltermire, Henry Kuttner, and Arthur Conan Doyle. 
                     WITCH-HOUSE, by Seabury Quinn (November 1936)--An intriguing and thrilling story about Jules de Grandin, master of the
                        supernatural. Also, Robert E. Howard, Thorp McClusky, Paul Ernst, Robert Bloch, Bassett Morgan, R. B. Johnson, Gordon Philip
                        England, Chandler H. Whipple, and H. P. Lovecraft. 
                     THE FIRE OF ASSHURBANIPAL, by Robert E. How- ard (December 1936)--A tale about a skeleton that sat upon a throne, and a gem
                        that shone with living fire. Also, Granville S. Hoss, H. P. Lovecraft, John Russell Fearn, Robert Bloch, August W. Derleth,
                        Amelia Reynolds Long, Manly Wade Wellman, Henry Kuttner, Otis Adelbert Kline and E. Hoffmann Price. 
                     THE PRICE ON ALL BACK ISSUES IS 25 CENTS A COPY, ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD. MAIL ALL ORDERS TO: WEIRD TALES, 840 N. MICHIGAN AVE.,
                        CHICAGO, ILL., U. S. A. 
                 
             
             
                 
                 116 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         bin Ayyub fellow may be the exception; 
                         though I contend that whatever the art 
                         the Orient provides is the result of in- 
                         stinct and not intent." 
                     
                     
                         I granted most of his contentions. And 
                         then we discussed the great jar of attar, 
                         and the surpassing loveliness of bin 
                         Ayyub's "family." 
                     
                     
                         "Most fascinating, really. This sounds 
                         like what people think the Orient ought 
                         to be, but never actually is. Houris, and 
                         incense, and all that sort of thing." 
                     
                     
                         Then, just as he left: "By the way, 
                         did you ever read the quaint little tale of 
                         Aladdin's lamp?" 
                     
                     
                         "Sure. What of it?" 
                     
                     
                         "Nothing, really nothing at all. Merely 
                         curious, you know." 
                     
                     
                         Now what had that buzzard meant by 
                         that remark? A subtle way of calling me 
                         an out-and-out romancer? Or did he 
                         mean that in getting my Isphahan I had 
                         stumbled into something Aladdin-like? 
                     
                     
                         And then I carefully examined the 
                         Isphahan. No, Revell had not palmed it 
                         and left a replica in its place. Strangely 
                         enough, he had not even tried to trade 
                         or bargain for it. 
                     
                     
                         IT WAS fully two weeks before I could 
                         find time to call on bin Ayyub to in- 
                         spect the restoration of the throne-rug. 
                         But finally I did contrive to find some 
                         spare time, and just to convince Revell 
                         that I had not been releasing an Arabian 
                         fantasy, I decided to take him along. 
                     
                     
                         "Cheers, old bean!" greeted Revell. 
                         "I was just thinking. . . . But how do you 
                         like it?" 
                     
                     
                         It, the throne-rug of Saladin, stared 
                         me in the face: rich, lustrous, magnifi- 
                         cent, now that it had been cleaned, and 
                         the pieces spliced together. 
                     
                     
                         "Where in--?" 
                     
                     
                         Revell laughed at my amazement. 
                     
                     
                         "Most amazing, what? But don't rub 
                         your eyes. It is exactly what it looks like: 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         the rug of the justly popular Saladin. I 
                         was just thinking of asking you to trans- 
                         late the inscription. Couldn't remember 
                         the exact wording you gave me several 
                         nights ago." 
                     
                     
                         "Devil take inscriptions! How did you 
                         get it? Unless he suddenly needed the 
                         money." 
                     
                     
                         "You could have done the same 
                         thing," Revell began, as he poured him- 
                         self a drink, then painstakingly selected 
                         a cigar. "Especially after I told you in so 
                         many words how to go about it." 
                     
                     
                         "How come, told me how to go about 
                         it?" 
                     
                     
                         This was too much for me. He'd been 
                         up to dirty work of some kind. It was 
                         unbelievable that he had purchased that 
                         rug; and I doubted that he was clever 
                         enough to have outwitted bin Ayyub. 
                         Then what? Breaking and entering? 
                         Well, not very likely. 
                     
                     
                         "The last thing I said the other night 
                         was something about Aladdin's lamp. I 
                         fancy you recollect. But I was jolly well 
                         certain you'd not follow my train of 
                         thought. Well . . . the magician from El 
                         Moghreb paraded up and down in front 
                         of Aladdin's palace, offering to exchange 
                         old lamps for new ones. And the prin- 
                         cess--Mrs. Aladdin--was tickled pink to 
                         take an unfair advantage of an old man's 
                         foolishness. So she joyously swapped the 
                         greasy, tarnished old magic lamp for a 
                         nice, new one. Never occurred to Aladdin 
                         to tell the young person his wife that the 
                         rather crude old lamp was of some value. 
                         Simple, really." 
                     
                     
                         "Do you mean to say--?" 
                     
                     
                         "Oh, yes, quite. Exactly, in fact. Mrs. 
                         bin Ayyub greatly fancied a lovely Ana- 
                         tolian silk rug about the same size as the 
                         revered Saladin's throne-rug, which, by 
                         the way, she thought was a bit pass. 
                         Liked my silk rug; bright colors, and not 
                         at all worn, and all that sort of thing. So 
                         we swapped; and I fancy I noted a gleam 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 WEIRD TALES 117 
                 
                     
                     
                         of triumph or something like that in her 
                         most fascinating eyes. Charming creature, 
                         yes?" 
                     
                     
                         And then I exploded. 
                     
                     
                         "You ought to be shot! He'll beat the 
                         tar out of her. He'll flay her alive--" 
                     
                     
                         "Regrets, and all that, surely. But 
                         caveat emptor still holds good. She had 
                         no business messing around with the mas- 
                         ter's trinkets. After all, a bit of de- 
                         ceit--" 
                     
                     
                         "And that girl will surely smell 
                         hell-" 
                     
                     
                         "Much regret, certainly. But really, 
                         would you have me pass up such an op- 
                         portunity? I'd cheerfully have committed 
                         murder for that rug. As it is--" 
                     
                     
                         Revell smiled at the memory of his 
                         exceeding cleverness, and gazed at the 
                         throne-rug of Saladin with that fanatic 
                         affection comprehensible only to a col- 
                         lector. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         And that smile drove me mad. Thanks 
                         to my babbling, Revell had turned a very 
                         clever trick; and thanks also to me, that 
                         dainty girl's shoulders . . . no, bin Ayyub 
                         wouldn't beat her himself; he'd have 
                         black Saoud lay aside his duties of foot- 
                         man, pipe-bearer and coffee-grinder, and 
                         peel every inch of skin off her shoulders. 
                         The noble Turk is a man of few words 
                         and short temper when dealing with his 
                         family. All of which went to my head, 
                         seeing that it was mainly my fault for 
                         having set Revell on the trail. 
                     
                     
                         "Listen, you damned coyote!" 
                     
                     
                         I gripped Revell by the shoulder by 
                         way of emphasis. He blinked in amaze- 
                         ment. 
                     
                     
                         "Listen and get me straight: you're 
                         going to return that rug here and now. 
                         Bin Ayyub treated me like a gentleman. 
                         And moreover, it's my fault if that girl 
                     
                 
                 
                     LIMITED SUPPLY! 
                     If you have not read the September, 1934, issue of "Weird Tales" we are offering you this final chance to obtain a copy. 
                     A few of the excellent stories in this issue are: 
                     THE JEST OF WARBURG TANTAVUL, by Seabury Quinn. A ghost story of vivid power and gripping human appeal--a story of Jules de
                        Grandin. 
                     NAKED LADY, by Mindret Lord. A tale of voodoo and a millionaire's strange scheme for vengeance on his wife. 
                     THE SINISTER PAINTING, by Greye La Spina. An eery story of a fiendish murder and a midget psychic investigator. 
                     THE PALE MAN, by Julius Long. A queer little tale about the eccentric be- havior of a strange guest in a country hotel. 
                     A CLOAK FROM MESSER LANDO, by August W. Derleth. A short story about Cesare Borgia and the magic of a mediaeval sorcerer. 
                     As these copies will go fast, we urge you to order imme- diately, if you desire to procure a copy. Price 25 cents. 
                     WEIRD TALES, 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, Illinois 
                 
             
             
                 
                 118 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         gets the daylights hammered out of her; 
                         my fault, and yours." 
                     
                     
                         "Come now, try and act naturally," 
                         mocked Revell, who had mastered his 
                         amazement at my outburst. "I return that 
                         rug? Absurd. Really preposterous. Why, 
                         as I said, I'd have committed--" 
                     
                     
                         And then Revell stared as I leaped to 
                         the arm of a davenport, reached up, and 
                         yanked Saladin's throne-rug from its 
                         place on the wall. 
                     
                     
                         "Wait a minute. This is getting a bit 
                         thick. I say--" 
                     
                     
                         By this time I was seeing red and also 
                         other colors. 
                     
                     
                         "One more word out of you and I'll 
                         knock your head off! I'm taking this rug 
                         back to its owner. Get me?" 
                     
                     
                         Revell is far from yellow. But some- 
                         how, I convinced him. The last glimpse 
                         I had of him, he was the color of an 
                         old saddle, and choking for breath. 
                     
                     
                         "Really now, but this is a bit thick," 
                         he contrived, as I slammed the door. I 
                         missed the rest, but I am sure that for 
                         the next fifteen minutes it was a bit thick 
                         in the Revell apartment. 
                     
                     
                         Throne-rug trailing over my shoulder, 
                         I hopped a taxi and proceeded to bin 
                         Ayyub's house. 
                     
                     
                         BIN AYYUB himself admitted me. I 
                         recognized him simply because no 
                         mask could disguise those lean, aquiline 
                         features; but this which faced me was 
                         but a simulacrum of the vital personality 
                         I had met two weeks ago. His face was 
                         unshaven; his eyes wrere cavernous and 
                         dull, lifeless; gone was all save the shell 
                         of Saladin's descendant. The change was 
                         so startling, so dismaying, that for the 
                         moment I forgot the throne-rug I carried, 
                         rolled up under my arm. 
                     
                     
                         In view of the denunciation and wrath 
                         I expected, accusations of having played 
                         a part in the trickery of Revell, this list- 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         lessness of bin Ayyub left me dazed and 
                         wondering. 
                     
                     
                         "I am glad to see you, effendi," he 
                         murmured, as he conducted me into the 
                         salon. He had not offered to take my hat 
                         and coat; had not noticed the bundle I 
                         carried. 
                     
                     
                         "The throne-rug," I began, offering 
                         him the precious roll. "I regret--" 
                     
                     
                         "Spare your regrets. It was my fault. I 
                         should have told Djnane Hanoum of its 
                         value." 
                     
                     
                         He took the rug with a listlessness that 
                         amazed me, and, moving as one suddenly 
                         aroused from sound sleep, spread it 
                         across a couch. 
                     
                     
                         "I feared--" 
                     
                     
                         "That I suspected you?" interrupted 
                         bin Ayyub. "No. I knew you were not 
                         guilty. You know who is guilty; but since 
                         he must be one who has eaten your bread 
                         and salt, I can not ask you to betray 
                         him." 
                     
                     
                         Bin Ayyub seemed to forget that I 
                         was not bound by the Moslem's belief in 
                         the sanctity of bread and salt. But now 
                         that I had returned the rug, why bother 
                         about the trickster, Revell? 
                     
                     
                         "Nor have I time to hunt him," con- 
                         tinued bin Ayyub. "I have been waiting 
                         for you to return Saladin's throne-rug. 
                         And now that that is done, I have little 
                         time for hunting him." 
                     
                     
                         "But now there's no need of hunting 
                         him," I suggested. "You have your rug." 
                     
                     
                         Which I fancied was a sensible answer. 
                         But the look that flitted across bin 
                         Ayyub's face and took form in his eyes 
                         told me that my remark had been the 
                         thrust of incandescent iron. 
                     
                     
                         Bin Ayyub rose. I wondered if this was 
                         to terminate the interview. It seemed that 
                         he might at least have thanked me, 
                         despite my having been the cause of his 
                         annoyance. 
                     
                     
                         "I have dismissed Saoud for the day. 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 WEIRD TALES 119 
                 
                     
                     
                         But I myself will prepare coffee. One 
                         moment, please." 
                     
                     
                         The aura of unbounded misery and 
                         corroding despair remained, lingering 
                         after the portires had hidden bin Ayyub 
                         from sight. Not even the clanging of the 
                         brazen pestle wherewith he pulverized the 
                         freshly roasted coffee could infuse a trace 
                         of life into the somber magnificence of 
                         that rich salon. The order of nature had 
                         been upset: this was the house of one 
                         whose spirit had died a thousand deaths 
                         without having deprived the body of life. 
                         Not even the return of the throne-rug 
                         had aroused a sparkle of the vital, preda- 
                         tory spirit of that fierce Kurd whose eyes 
                         had but two weeks ago flamed exultantly 
                         as he told of the enemy who had unwisely 
                         walked by moonlight. 
                     
                     
                         Bin Ayyub's entry with a tray inter- 
                         rupted my reflections. 
                     
                     
                         One of the tiny eggshell cups was 
                         white, the other, deep blue. 
                     
                     
                         "No, effendi, blue is the color of 
                         mourning; take the white one." 
                     
                     
                         A light began to dawn on me. The 
                         color of mourning ... he had taken this 
                         tactful way of letting me know that my 
                         presence was an intrusion on his sorrow. 
                         But, if there had been a death in the 
                         family, why that flash of abysmal despair 
                         when a few moments ago I had suggested 
                         that since he once more had the throne- 
                         rug, he need not bother to hunt whoever 
                         it was that had tricked Djnane Hanoum? 
                     
                     
                         "Bismillahi!" murmured bin Ayyub, 
                         then tasted his coffee. After a moment's 
                         silence, he continued, "I bear you no ill 
                         will for what has happened. Naturally 
                         you would speak to your friends of the 
                         Isphahan I gave you, and of the throne- 
                         rug. It was my fault; I should have told 
                         her." 
                     
                     
                         Worse and worse! That rug again. 
                         Hadn't I returned it? Wasn't he sitting 
                         on it even as he spoke? Well then. . . . 
                     
                 
                 
                     The WISE MEN OF ANCIENT EGYPT told HERODOTUS 
                     That the Sun moves north as men travel south, until finally it: shines continuously in the north. 
                     For 1,500 years men laughed at the "gullibil- ity" of the ancients, until, by sailing past the Equator, Europeans of the
                        Middle Ages DISCOVERED what the Egyptians KNEW thousands of years before. 
                     Suppressed Knowledge of Ancient Sages 
                     --lost to the world for 3,000 years, but preserved by the FEW who could appreciate and use it--is available to you, through
                        association with the Rosicrucians. Their unique and success- ful methods of mastering life's problems and developing Personal
                        Power are even more effective today. Try their for- mulas on your own personal and practical problems. 
                     Successful?--Happy? 
                     Have you realized the highest possibilities of which you are capable? Are you going through life with your greatest assets
                        --social, business, intellectual--locked in a chest, without looking for the key? 
                     Send for a Free Copy of "The Secret Heritage." It may open up a new world of personal satisfaction and practical achievement;
                        it might have a startling effect upon your own future. It is sent free to the serious. Address Scribe O.W.X. 
                     The ROSICRUCIANS AMORC 
                     San Jose California 
                     (Not a religious organization) 
                 
                 
                     A new thriller by SEABURY QUINN appears in WEIRD TALES every month 
                 
             
             
                 
                 120 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         "It was my fault. I should have told 
                         her," he repeated. 
                     
                     
                         He drained his cup. 
                     
                     
                         The brooding silence forbade even an 
                         attempt at making conversation. My 
                         nerves were rapidly getting on edge; and 
                         I hoped bin Ayyub would end the inter- 
                         view. 
                     
                     
                         "I am leaving very soon, effendi," he 
                         finally resumed. "Saoud will pack up my 
                         goods. I have been waiting for you to 
                         return the throne-rug; and I was right in 
                         waiting. For the sake of my illustrious 
                         ancestor, I treasure it. But much has hap- 
                         pened in the last few days. I do not care 
                         to have it in my house any longer. My 
                         brother's son in Tekrit will take it." 
                     
                     
                         I could think of no appropriate com- 
                         ment. 
                     
                     
                         "Here is the piece which was ex- 
                         changed for the throne-rug. Take it with 
                         you when you leave, and return it to its 
                         owner." 
                     
                     
                         Which was also fair enough; though 
                         Revell deserved no such fortune after his 
                         shabby trick. The loss might be a lesson 
                         to him. 
                     
                     
                         "May I ask you to be so kind as to lift 
                         the cover of the jar of attar?" requested 
                         bin Ayyub, as he set aside his empty cup. 
                     
                     
                         I could see that he was momentarily 
                         becoming paler. There was not a drop of 
                         blood beneath his bronzed skin. The 
                         corners of his mouth and the muscles of 
                         his cheeks twitched perceptibly; so that 
                         his request did not seem at all out of 
                         order. Though if I myself felt as he 
                         looked, the last thing in the world I'd 
                         want would be a whiff of that overpower- 
                         ing perfume. 
                     
                     
                         "Certainly," I replied. 
                     
                     
                         Poor devil! He seemed to be having a 
                         chill, shivering noticeably. No wonder 
                         he wanted me to take Saoud's place in 
                         the ritual of the perfume jar. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         As I advanced across the wondrously 
                         carpeted floor, I heard him mutter to 
                         himself, "One is at times hasty. ..." 
                     
                     
                         I parted the curtains that veiled the 
                         great urn of Byzantine glass, and lifted 
                         the heavy cover; then, dizzied by the 
                         overwhelming surge of sweetness, re- 
                         coiled a pace. 
                     
                     
                         And then I dropped the cover. 
                     
                     
                         Christ in heaven! But why deny my 
                         own eyes? In the throbbing, glowing rosy- 
                         amber jar was the shapely form of 
                         Djnane Hanoum! Faintly distorted by 
                         the refraction of the curved surfaces of 
                         the urn and the attar, but nevertheless 
                         and beyond any mistake, that was the 
                         Gurjestani girl. I stared, fascinated, then 
                         looked behind the jar, hoping . . . ridicu- 
                         lous hope! . . . to find that she was stand- 
                         ing on the other side, and that I had seen 
                         her through, and not in, the urn. 
                     
                     
                         It is strange how in such a moment one 
                         notices trifles. 
                     
                     
                         "La illah ilia allah . . . wa Muhammad 
                         rasul allahi ..." came the murmuring ac- 
                         cents of bin Ayyub, very low, but distinct. 
                     
                     
                         Even in the grip of that horribly lovely 
                         sight, I had distinctly caught the Mos- 
                         lem's "There is no God but Allah. . . ." 
                         And then, scarcely perceptible, "Djn- 
                         ane. . . ." 
                     
                     
                         My movements must have been those 
                         of a mechanical toy. 
                     
                     
                         As I caught the curtains on the hilts of 
                         the simitars hanging at each side of the 
                         alcove, I noted that the fine, hard-woven 
                         cord of silk was missing. And then I 
                         found myself wondering what poison the 
                         blue cup of mourning had contained. 
                     
                     
                         Not until fully a minute later did it 
                         dawn on me why bin Ayyub's eyes had 
                         flamed with immeasurable despair when 
                         I had reminded him that since I had re- 
                         turned the throne-rug of Saladin, he had 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 WEIRD TALES 121 
                 
                     
                     
                         no cause to concern himself about the 
                         thief. 
                     
                     
                         That awful sweetness was rolling from 
                         the uncovered jar, strangling me with its 
                         richness. I wondered how a girl in the 
                         heart of an ocean of perfume could en- 
                         dure its fragrance . . . and whether the 
                         silken cord was chafing her throat. 
                     
                     
                         Bin Ayyub's drawn features were now 
                         overlaid with a shadow of a smile. 
                     
                     
                         "If it were given me to elect the man- 
                         ner of my death, I would choose to be 
                         drowned in that perfume . . ." he had 
                         once said. So instead of covering the jar, 
                         I left Ilderim Shirkuh bin Ayyub en- 
                         throned on the rug of Saladin, and facing 
                         the loveliness which he had imprisoned 
                         in attar. 
                     
                     
                         REVELL was still frothing when I re- 
                         turned and tossed his Anatolian 
                         silk rug on the floor. 
                     
                     
                         "I'd have committed murder for that 
                         throne-rug," he growled. "And 
                         now--" 
                     
                     
                         Some day I'm going to tie an anvil to 
                         Revell's ankles and then kick him into 
                         Lake Michigan. 
                     
                 
                 
                     Coming soon-- 
                     THE MAGIC MIRROR By Algernon Blackwood 
                     A new story about a strange man from Tibet who knew how to win infallibly at Monte Carlo. 
                     Watch for this strange story in WEIRD TALES. 
                 
                 
                     BACK COPIES 
                     APRIL 1934--Stories by: E. Hoffmann Price, C. L. Moore, Edmond Hamilton, Robert E. Howard, Clark Ashton Smith, Dale Clark, Carl
                        Jacobi, and Arthur J. Burks. 
                     MAY 1934--Stories by: Robert E. Howard, A. W. Bernal, C. L. Moore, Carl Jacobi, E. Hoffmann Price, Anthony Rud, Clark Ashton
                        Smith, and Loual B. Sugarman. 
                     JULY 1934--Stories by: Arlton Eadie, Harold Ward, Paul Ernst, August W. Derleth, Ralph Allen Lang, Clark Ashton Smith, Elliott
                        O'Donnell, Jay Wilrner Benjamin, Willard E. Hawkins, H. P. Lovecraft, and E. Hoffmann Price. 
                     SEPTEMBER 1934--Stories by: Robert E. Howard. Seabury Quinn, Mindret Lord, Greye La Spina, How- ard Wandrei, Julius Long, Bram
                        Stoker, and August W. Derleth. 
                     OCTOBER 1934--Stories by: C. L. Moore, Clark Ashton Smith, Paul Ernst, H. Bedford-Jones, S. Gor- don Gurwit, Julius Long, Manly
                        Wade Wellman, and Ronal Kayser. 
                     NOVEMBER 1934--Stories by: E. Hoffmann Price, S. Gordon Gurwit, Paul Ernst, Kirk Mashburn, Au- gust W. Derleth. John Flanders,
                        and H. P. Lovecraft. 
                     DECEMBER 1934--Stories by: Robert E. Howard, Bassett Morgan, C. L. Moore, John Flanders, Clark Ashton Smith, Brooke Byrne,
                        August W. Derleth, and Frank Owen. 
                     MARCH 1935--Stories by: Otis Adelbert Kline, Har- old Ward, Robert E. Howard, C. L. Moore, Paul Ernst, Loretta Burrough,
                        Richard F. Searight, and Bram Stoker. 
                     APRIL 1935--Stories by: Arthur William Bernal, Howard Wandrel, Eando Binder, Clark Ashton Smith, Hazel Heald, John Flanders, L.
                        E. Frailey, and Everil Worrell. 
                     MAY 1935--Stories by: Arthur B. Reeve, Robert H. Leitfred, Richard H. Hart, Robert E. Howard, Clark Ashton Smith, August W.
                        Derleth, Robert Bloch, and H. P. Lovecraft. 
                     JUNE 1935--Stories by: Dorothy Quick, Arthur Wil- liam Bernal, Amelia Reynolds Long, Donald Wan- drel, John Scott Douglas,
                        Robert Bloch, Walker G. Everett, Ida M. Kier, and Otis Adelbert Kline. 
                     JULY 1935--Stories by: Edmond Hamilton, Paul Ernst, C. L. Moore, Captain S. P. Meek. Aalla Zaata, Roy Temple House, Wallace J.
                        Knapp, Gustav Mey- rink, and Fitz-James O'Brien. 
                     AUGUST 1935--Stories by: Paul Ernst, John Scott Douglas, Seabury Quinn, L. M. Montgomery, Frances Bragg Middleton, Clark Ashton
                        Smith, Claude Farrere, and John Martin Leahy. 
                     SEITEMBER 1935--Stories by: John Scott Douglas, Arlton Eadie, Paul Ernst, Clark Ashton Smith, Rob- ert Bloch, Ethel Helene
                        Coen, Kirk Mashburn, Ed- mond Hamilton, and Kenneth P. Wood. 
                     OCTOBER 1935--Stories by: Edmond Hamilton, Paul Ernst, C. L. Moore, Seabury Quinn, John Flanders, Eando Binder, Robert Leonard
                        Russell, and Arthur Machen. 
                     NOVEMBER 1935--Stories by: Robert E. Howard, Paul Ernst, E. Hoffmann Price, Paul Frederick Stern, Leslie F. Stone, Tarleton
                        Collier, [an]d August W. Der- leth. 
                     DECEMBER 1935--Stories by: Robert E. Howard, Paul Ernst, Clark Ashton Smith, Edmond Hamilton, Harold Ward, Alfred I. Tooke,
                        Robert Barbour John- son, and Edward Lucas White. 
                     The price on all back Issues is 25 cents a copy, any- where in the world. Mail all orders direct to: WEIRD TALES, 840 N.
                        Michigan Ave., Chicago. Illinois, U. S. A. 
                 
             
             
                 
                  The Eyrie  
                 
                     
                     
                         MANY of our readers object to our 
                         occasional use of weird stories from 
                         the classics of the past, and would 
                         have us confine our monthly Weird Story 
                         Reprint entirely to old tales from this maga- 
                         zine. Others want serials in the reprint sec- 
                         tion. Still others ask for translations of 
                         weird tales in other languages. We would 
                         like to hear from you, the readers, regarding 
                         this matter, for it is your likes and dislikes 
                         that govern us in the preparation of each 
                         issue. 
                     
                     
                         Thunder in the Dawn 
                     
                     
                         John Agnew writes from Philadelphia: 
                         "The May issue contained some excellent 
                         stories, the best of which was Kuttner's 
                         Thunder in the Dawn. I am anxiously await- 
                         ing the concluding chapters of this story, 
                         and, if it is as good as the first installment, 
                         I will be perfectly satisfied. Another darn 
                         good story is The Isle of the Sleeper, by Ed- 
                         mond Hamilton. The plot was very ingen- 
                         ious, and the story was well written. Jack 
                         Williamson, who, incidentally, is one of my 
                         favorites, concluded Dreadful Sleep in fine 
                         style. I am looking forward to Eando Bin- 
                         der's From the Beginning." 
                     
                     
                         Smooth Edges 
                     
                     
                         Seymour Kapetansky writes from Detroit: 
                         "Finlay deserves orchids for his careful work 
                         on the April issue, and for his garishly 
                         overwhelming cover. The Devil Deals has 
                         a grand start--loathsome, unusual, unworld- 
                         ly--and ends on such a hacky note I could 
                         scream. Clark Ashton Smith's tale is up to 
                         his exquisite and usual standard. He creates 
                         a gem of a word pattern, and a truly weird 
                         pattern. Feathertop is not uncommon enough 
                         for WT. Reprints should come from sources 
                         that can't be tapped by most readers, not 
                         from the public repositories of literature. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         . . . The House of Ecstasy--sex rears its un- 
                         ugly head here, but for a laudable purpose 
                         --a new idea in WT. I'm racking my brain 
                         for that address all my waking hours now. 
                         Max Brod, in translation, reads cleverly dia- 
                         bolic. As I read each WT I bless its con- 
                         tinual use of smooth edges. Inherent merit is 
                         emphasized, although there is a dictum: 
                         Don't judge a book from its cover. If Fin- 
                         lay does all the covers like the one he did 
                         for the April issue, I'd be pretty proud to 
                         judge WT by its cover. But I suppose lots 
                         of nice, full-length nudes are scheduled for 
                         coming months." 
                     
                     
                         A Letter from Chicago 
                     
                     
                         G. H. writes from Chicago: "Hm--hm-- 
                         m--m--mM! Seems that Henry K. has got 
                         something to suit my taste just fine-- 
                         Atlantis--tall blond men--magic--and the 
                         overwhelming sense of the immense palm 
                         that lifts Elak and Solonala, the faun-girl. 
                         Boy oboy--am I ever anxious for the next 
                         installment! Sompin else new again--liv'n' 
                         learn! This time the late Howard gives 
                         zuvembie in Pigeons From Hell. The pigeon 
                         theory is still vague to me but the gosh- 
                         awfulness of the whole tale is too shuddery 
                         --one of those things that makes some folks 
                         have nitemares. Now Goetterdaemmerung 
                         has me up a tree somewhat--it's thoroughly 
                         exciting--very unusual--but why, oh, why 
                         --must writers, in their tales of the future, 
                         have a Mongol horde conquer and ruthlessly 
                         destroy this land of ours? Why not give a 
                         pleasant tale of the future--a work that is 
                         odd, entertaining, weird and yet not have 
                         some malignant monster lurking in a corner, 
                         waiting to play cat and mouse with the hero 
                         and his shero? Edmond Hamilton's Isle of 
                         the Sleeper was rather amusing. How often 
                         in dreams does one walk in delight and 
                         suddenly see that which is wholly uncon- 
                     
                 
                 122 
             
             
                 
                 WEIRD TALES 123 
                 
                     
                     
                         nected with the dream--e. g., the elephants 
                         --and the lake and those horrible 'missing 
                         links.' Of course, sleeping on a barren rock 
                         under the hot Pacific sun is enough to give 
                         anyone such delusions. When it comes to 
                         worms and squidging out life-cores of jelly- 
                         like substances, I don't enjoy myself any 
                         more. The previous installments of Dread- 
                         ful Sleep were so absorbing, and I was en- 
                         thused over it. With the exception of the 
                         grub and the mud cocoon, this installment 
                         was acceptable. I particularly enjoyed Ron's 
                         travels from the Antarctic over solid ocean, 
                         and the terrified sea-captain. I wonder if 
                         the poor fellow drowned when he ran from 
                         his ship, over the glass-like waves--after the 
                         world had been redeemed from its rigid 
                         state. Yup--I remember reading Medusa, 
                         and although fascinating, the woman re- 
                         pelled me just as a snake does. 'Nother one 
                         of those pussons is Marian Shortess in the 
                         Eyrie, who seems to have read only praise 
                         letters--I disagree with you quite emphat- 
                         ically! I wonder if you've ever read some of 
                         those debates that sprang up, and with very 
                         little encouragement would have become 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         heated arguments. Read more carefully, 
                         m'dear, and you will learn that most every- 
                         one becomes critical at times. ... If Clifton 
                         Hall will re-read the opening paragraphs of 
                         The Teakwood Box, he will note the sen- 
                         tence reads 'smelly L. A. suburb'--not 'stink- 
                         ing.' There is a world of difference between 
                         the two words. Most any place is likely to 
                         become 'smelly' in the broiling hot summer 
                         weather. Don't get so technical, m'boy! 
                         Thankee to the lad from England who finds 
                         my letters refreshing. I may add that I1 like 
                         onions and orchids. . . . And so once more 
                         we have methodically covered the issue, 
                         giving comments. Somehow it's fun. Auf 
                         wiedersehen." 
                     
                     
                         Request Denied 
                     
                     
                         Gene Risher writes from Johnstown, 
                         Pennsylvania: "Have been a constant reader 
                         of WT since its first appearance on the 
                         stands. After reading the present issue (May 
                         '38) I decided to send in my two-cents 
                         worth to the Eyrie for the first time, so here 
                         goes. I have few complaints with the auth- 
                         ors. I read all the stories. Some I do not 
                     
                 
                 
                     BACK COPIES 
                     Because of the many requests for back issues of WEIRD TALES, the publishers do their best to keep a sufficient supply on hand
                        to meet all demands. This magazine was established early in 1923 and there has been a steady drain on the supply of back
                        copies ever since. At present, we have the following back numbers on hand for sale: 
                     1934 1935 1936 1937 1938 .... .... Jan. .... Jan. .... .... Feb. Feb. Feb. .... Mar. Mar. .... Mar. Apr. Apr. Apr. Apr. Apr.
                        May May May .... May .... June June June June July July July July .... .... Aug. .... Aug. .... Sept. Sept. Sept. Sept. ....
                        Oct. Oct. Oct. Oct. .... Nov. Nov. Nov. Nov. .... Dec. Dec. Dec. Dec. .... 
                     These back numbers contain many fascinating stories. If you are interested in obtaining any of the back copies on this list
                        please hurry your order because we can not guarantee that the list will be as complete as it now is within the next 30 days.
                        The price on all back issues is 25c per copy. Mail all orders to: 
                     WEIRD TALES 
                     840 N. Michigan Ave. Chicago, Illinois, U. S. A. 
                 
             
             
                 
                 124 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         like, but I don'r expect the authors to please 
                         everyone. The loss of Howard and Love- 
                         craft is irreparable. . . . To my mind How- 
                         ard was tops and I hope you will honor Mr. 
                         Robert J. Hoyer's request for reprints or a 
                         book of Mr. Howard's stories, especially the 
                         Conan series. I also propose that one of 
                         your other authors study Mr. Howard's style 
                         and characters and continue the Conan 
                         series. I don't think any Howard fan would 
                         be too harsh with criticism. After all, Conan 
                         was a strong character, and many weaker 
                         ones have outlived their creators. So let's 
                         make Conan a monument to his creator. Let's 
                         hear what some of the others think Of this 
                         proposal. . . . As to Quinn, let me say I 
                         heartily disagree with Marian Shortess. I 
                         think Roads was a truly wonderful story. I 
                         read it to my children and I am sure it was 
                         more acceptable than the age-worn lies told 
                         to children down through the centuries. I 
                         would like to suggest that our friend Marian 
                         look up the real history of our so-called 
                         Christian holidays. Then she will find that 
                         Mr. Quinn really knew whereof he spoke. 
                         As to mentioning Christ and the Virgin 
                         Mary in a magazine filled with witchcraft, 
                         ghosts, werewolves and vampires, etc.: I 
                         would suggest that she borrow someone's 
                         Holy Bible and read it. But I am afraid that 
                         if she did, she might like the horrible and 
                         gruesome, as well as the witchcraft stories 
                         contained therein, so well she would forget 
                         to buy the next issue." [Sorry to deny your 
                         request for some other author to carry on 
                         the Conan stories of the late Robert E. How- 
                         ard. His work was touched with genius, 
                         and he had a distinctive style of writing that 
                         put the stamp of his personality on every 
                         story he wrote. It would hardly be fair to 
                         his memory if we allowed Conan to be re- 
                         created by another hand, no matter how skil- 
                         fully.--The Editor.] 
                     
                     
                         A Lone Cry 
                     
                     
                         Donald V. Allgeier writes from Licking, 
                         Missouri: "Congratulations on the fine May 
                         issue. ... I give first place to Dreadful 
                         Sleep. Williamson has done it again. I agree 
                         with those who compare his style to Mer- 
                         ritt's. They are similar, but Williamson is a 
                         splendid author in his own right. This seems 
                         to me to be as great a story as the now al- 
                         most legendary Golden Blood. Pigeons from 
                         Hell gets my vote for second place. It cer- 
                         tainly makes one long for Howard to be back 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         again. There's a story that really caused the 
                         goose-pimples. Horrible and frightening are 
                         the words--a real weird tale. Perhaps it's 
                         my preference for serials, but even without 
                         that Thunder in the Dawn would rank high. 
                         I rate it third. It has all the elements of a 
                         true weird tale--mystery, black magic, fan- 
                         tastic setting--plus action. That makes it 
                         comparable to the Conan saga. Congratula- 
                         tions to Kuttner, a writer who has certainly 
                         developed recently. I'm sorry this story is 
                         only in two parts. Quinn's latest yarn is so 
                         close behind that it's practically a tie. Goet- 
                         terdaemmerung struck me as an experimental 
                         type of story--to test readers' reactions. 
                         Personally, I prefer a story that I can under- 
                         stand, but, as usual, Quinn delivers a fine 
                         job of writing. The Secret of the Vault was 
                         quite good. I wonder if the style reminded 
                         others of Poe. It seemed to me quite like 
                         some of E. A.'s masterpieces. Hamilton's 
                         latest is little but a clever idea, but is worth 
                         reading. The reprint was fair, but the writ- 
                         ing seemed strained. Why wait so long to 
                         reprint early stories by Howard? The Eyrie 
                         is demanding them. ... In recent issues I 
                         particularly liked The House of Ecstasy. 
                         With Farley's Abductor Minimi Digit and 
                         Vallisneria Madness it completes a trilogy 
                         of delightfully unique short tales. I voice a 
                         lone cry for less lurid covers." 
                     
                     
                         Reprint from Old Issues 
                     
                     
                         Edith Mulder writes from Lindenhurst, 
                         Long Island: "I like the new serial, Dread- 
                         ful Sleep, immensely. I'm eagerly awaiting 
                         the finish. I wish you would reprint stories 
                         in WT that other readers keep talking about 
                         --like Shambleau, Once in a Thousand 
                         Years, and, oh, so many others that readers 
                         write about. They make me long so for all 
                         the WTs that were ever printed, so I could 
                         read them all! Couldn't you reprint serials 
                         that were acclaimed, also? I agree with 
                         others that say they would rather have a 
                         serial reprint than a lot of new stories." 
                     
                     
                         Where Once Poe Walked 
                     
                     
                         T. Gelbert writes from Niagara Falls, 
                         New York: "Features of the April issue are 
                         The Temple Dancer, The Garden of 
                         Adompha and the very charming Hawthorne 
                         tale, Feathertop. Mediocre and very much 
                         so are Dreadful Sleep and Forest of Evil. I 
                         am glad to see Seabury Quinn's tales featur- 
                         ing others besides Jules de Grandin and the 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 WEIRD TALES 125 
                 
                     
                     
                         stupid Trowbridge. In the May issue 
                         Thunder in the Dawn, Pigeons from Hell 
                         and The Secret of the Vault, in the order 
                         named, pleased yours truly best. Honorable 
                         mention goes to the poem, Where Once Poe 
                         Walked. In closing I will say that anyone 
                         who derides Poe and his work is not and 
                         cannot possibly be a lover of weird tales as 
                         exemplified by Lovecraft, C. A. Smith, 
                         Kuttner and others in our own Unique 
                         Magazine." 
                     
                     
                         The Easter Island Images 
                     
                     
                         John H. Green writes from Washington, 
                         D. C.: "No use to tell you how much I 
                         enjoy WT, because if I didn't I wouldn't 
                         read it and keep on reading it. Roads by 
                         Seabury Quinn was about the only story I 
                         ever read three times and probably will read 
                         it again. . . . Current novel by Jack Wil- 
                         liamson is great. The Eyrie is as interesting 
                         as the stories. Might add to E. Hoffmann 
                         Price's statement concerning the Stanzas of 
                         Dzyan that there and there only is the ex- 
                         planation of the Easter Island images." 
                     
                     
                         Pride of Place 
                     
                     
                         Francis G. Howes writes from Rugby, 
                         England: "I am writing to congratulate you 
                         on WT. There is nothing like them in 
                         England and they are the only stories that I 
                         get a real kick from. I am a research worker 
                         and a folk-lore expert who possesses a re- 
                         markable library dealing with the occult and 
                         the weird, but in the fiction line your maga- 
                         zines take pride of place. I put some of your 
                         stories, especially those not overburdened 
                         with a superfluity of adjectives, on a par 
                         with those of Bram Stoker, M. R. James, 
                         and Algernon Blackwood. ... I have trav- 
                         eled through middle Europe collecting folk- 
                         lore and legends and I was astounded at 
                         the amount of superstition and credence in 
                         the supernatural which abounds among quite 
                         civilized people. There are grounds for these 
                         beliefs, as I have discovered, especially in the 
                         Carpathians and the Black Forest, but to all 
                         but my most intimate friends I have re- 
                         mained silent for fear of ridicule. I can as- 
                         sure your readers that some of your mag- 
                         nificent yarns touch alarmingly near to the 
                         truth. I was grieved at the passing of H. P. 
                         L. Will he ever have a successor? Of re- 
                         cent issues I enjoyed The Last Pharaoh most 
                         of all. Let us have more of Thomas P. 
                         Kelley. Virgil's illustrations are the goods. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS 
                     SMALL ADS WORTH WATCHING 
                     
                         Authors' Service 
                         MANUSCRIPTS WANTED. Books, Stories, Plays and Articles for placement in U. S. and foreign countries. Motion picture rights
                            placed. Circular T-738 describ- ing UNIFIED SALES PLAN free on request. OTIS ADELBERT KLINE, Authors' and Publishers' Rep-
                            resentative, 430 W. 34th St., New York City. 
                     
                     
                         Books 
                         A MIDSUMMER NIGHT'S DREAM--Illustrated by Virgil Finlay. Containing twenty-five exquisite illus- trations. A beautiful
                            edition you will be proud to own. Price 35 cents. WRIGHT'S SHAKESPEARE LIBRARY, 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago. 
                     
                     
                         THE MOON TERROR--A stupendous weird-scientific novel of Oriental intrigue to gain control of the world! Cloth-bound with
                            handsome colored Jacket--50 cents postpaid. WEIRD TALES, 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago. 
                     
                     
                         Business Opportunities 
                         NEWSPAPER clippings pay. Write: Goodall Com- pany. 742 Market St., San Francisco. 
                     
                     
                         Indian Relics 
                         INDIAN RELICS. Beadwork. Coins. Stamps. Min- erals. Books. Old West Photos. Weapons. Curios. Temple Mound Birdpoint 15c.
                            Knife, ancient, 15c. Catalogue 5c. Indian Museum, Northbranch, Kansas. 
                     
                     
                         Magazines 
                         WEIRD, Scientifiction magazines, Bought, sold, ex- changed, Price list free. POIS, 2101 W. Grand Con- course, New
                            York. 
                     
                     
                         ORIENTAL STORIES (Vol. 1, No. 1) Fascinating stories by Robert E. Howard, Frank Owen, G. G. Pen- darves, Paul Ernst, Otis
                            Adelbert Kline, and other favorite writers. Price 25 cents. ORIENTAL STO- RIES MAGAZINE, 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago,
                            Ill., U. S. A. 
                     
                     
                         Song Poems Wanted 
                         WANTED--Original poems, songs, for immediate con- sideration. Send poems to COLUMBIAN MUSIC PUBLISHERS, Ltd., Dept. K-69,
                            Toronto, Canada. 
                     
                     
                         Miscellaneous 
                         PEOPLE having lost hope or whose doctor has given up, who desire absent metaphysical help, write to: ABSENT METAPHYSICAL
                            HELP, Box 420, San Diego, California. 
                     
                     
                         WHO IS THE MYSTERIOUS "KWO"? The solution to this bafiiing mystery is thrllllngly told in one of the most startling
                            stories ever written -- THE MOON TERROR, in book form. Price 50c. WEIRD TALES, 840 North Michigan. Chicago. Illinois. 
                     
                     
                         WEIRD BOOKS 
                         Rented by mail, ghost stories, tales of terror, etc. 3c a day, plus postage. Write for details. Werewolf Lending Library,
                            227 S. Atlantic Ave., Pittsburgh, Pa. 
                     
                     
                         Subscribe to Weird Tales 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 126 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         His drawing to the last episode of the fore- 
                         going, very reminiscent of The Faceless God, 
                         was superb." 
                     
                     
                         Just Too Scary! 
                     
                     
                         Margaret Warren writes from Columbus, 
                         Ohio: "Pigeons from Hell was just too 
                         scary, and me alone in a big house when I 
                         read it, and it raining too. I walked every 
                         stair with Griswell, and all night I heard 
                         steps in the hall and on the stairs--me that 
                         is not afraid of anything, or I always said 
                         I wasn't, but I should have read it on a 
                         bright sunshiny day. Virgil's drawing for it! 
                         Those three awful things hanging! And 
                         that awful old crone sitting there breathing 
                         evil as old as the world. I wonder what a 
                         person would do if confronted with some- 
                         thing like that. I'll tell the world I wouldn't 
                         ever go back in that house. But men are 
                         supposed to have more courage than we 
                         weaker females, ha! While I think of it I 
                         must not forget Roads. Ah! Quinn, you 
                         have indeed given us a masterpiece. That 
                         was the loveliest thing I ever read. That's all 
                         I can say. Imagine some people saying it 
                         shouldn't have been in Weird Tales. One 
                         is so fortunate to be able to read that story 
                         anywhere, any place. It in a way reminds me 
                         of Child of the Winds--it had that same 
                         tender love and genius; a man only writes 
                         one such story in his life, and Quinn, bless 
                         your heart, you gave us Roads. But then he 
                         always has been my favorite. May he live for 
                         ever!--well, anyway, as long as I do." 
                     
                     
                         A Gifted Writer 
                     
                     
                         Hazel Portelli writes from Detroit: "This 
                         present issue of WEIRD TALES is up to its 
                         usual standard, which is the peak of per- 
                         fection. So long as Seabury Quinn is a regu- 
                         lar contributor I will keep on reading, and 
                         his story, The Temple Dancer, is grand. The 
                         Devil Deals by Carl Jacobi is unique, and 
                         almost possible. However, the story that re- 
                         mained in my mind is Roads by Seabury 
                         Quinn in the January issue. My sincerest 
                         congratulations and thanks to that gifted 
                         writer." 
                     
                     
                         Really Swell 
                     
                     
                         Clifton Hall writes from Los Angeles: 
                         "Congratulations on the best number since 
                         December. The April WT was really swell. 
                         In an issue like this one it's always difficult 
                         to pick the best stories, but after some re- 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         flection I'll select the second installment of 
                         that magnificent serial by Jack Williamson, 
                         Dreadful Sleep. It's totally different from 
                         anything I recall having read before in our 
                         magazine. It takes a master to make the 
                         dreary ice-wastes of the south pole seem 
                         weird. Next comes Forest of Evil, by John 
                         Murray Reynolds, who should be heard 
                         from more often. Although not so weird as 
                         some others, this was an enthralling adven- 
                         ture yarn. Bloch's The Eyes of the Mummy 
                         is third best. Bloch combines something of 
                         Lovecraft's studied horror with a touch of 
                         color that H. P. did not possess. These 
                         three lead the pack, but The Garden of 
                         Adompha, The Temple Dancer, The House 
                         of Ecstasy and Feathertop aren't far behind. 
                         The last mentioned, by Hawthorne, was so 
                         fine that I am prompted to suggest that we 
                         have more reprints from sources other than 
                         old copies of Weird Tales. There are many 
                         short classics that could be printed." 
                     
                     
                         A Reader in France 
                     
                     
                         Juanita Lawrence writes from Paris: "I 
                         have been a reader of Weird Tales for the 
                         last three years, and often I have wanted to 
                         write a letter, but somehow I never did. 
                         But now, after a three months' stay in Egypt 
                         where I couldn't get WT, I just feel like 
                         telling you how much I like your magazine, 
                         which is really 'unique,' as they say over 
                         here in France. And now for some personal 
                         opinions: I like Seabury Quinn and Henry 
                         Kuttner best of all your authors, and im- 
                         mediately next Robert Bloch. But please 
                         don't give too many serials! They always 
                         make me feel a bit irritated; just when I 
                         am dying to know what's going to happen 
                         I have to wait another month! Also, I would 
                         like to see some more werewolf and vampire 
                         stories. . . . Almost all my American friends 
                         here read WT, since I 'found' it, and do 
                         they love it! Please reprint some more 
                         poems by the late master, H. P. Lovecraft."  
                     
                         About Reprints 
                     
                     
                         Norman W. Siringer writes from Lake- 
                         wood, Ohio: "The May issue of WT is 
                         certainly the best issue so far this year, with 
                         the first installment of Henry Kuttner's 
                         Thunder in the Dawn topping the issue. 
                         This may be sacrilege, but the first half of 
                         the Elak of Atlantis novelette tops all of the 
                         Conan stories, and I was a rabid Conan fan. 
                         Thunder in the Dawn can be favorably 
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 WEIRD TALES 127 
                 
                     
                     
                         compared with Merritt's works. By all 
                         means, H. K., write more about Elak and 
                         his friends. In an ordinary issue Jack Wil- 
                         liamson's great novel would easily have 
                         taken first place, but Dreadful Sleep, Wil- 
                         liamson's best since Golden Blood, must be 
                         content with second. Goetterdaemmerung, 
                         Seabury Quinn's novelette, took third place. 
                         The rest of the stories were all good. . . . 
                         I don't like short short-stories and I serious- 
                         ly condemn you for reprinting the classics. 
                         Short short-stories are nearly always based 
                         on the ghost or spirit entity plot and they 
                         are usually very poorly developed. My main 
                         objection to stories by Hawthorne or Poe 
                         being used is that nearly everyone has read 
                         them before. I might add that there are 
                         scores of good stories from old issues of WT 
                         that are now eligible for reprinting (Bimini, 
                         The Skeleton Under the Lamp, The Copper 
                         Bowl, The Cult of the Skull, The Tinkle of 
                         the Camel's Bell, The Silver Key, etc.) 
                         Weird Tales is showing constant improve- 
                         ment. Keep it up!" 
                     
                     
                         Jam-up 
                     
                     
                         H. Sivia writes from Palestine, Texas: 
                         "Thanks for a swell May issue. Everything 
                         in it is jam-up. Only one complaint: the 
                         lack of short-shorts. We must have variety, 
                         you know. My vote for first place is split 
                         between Quinn's Goetterdaemmerung and 
                         Hamilton's The Isle of the Sleeper. Especial- 
                         ly do I like the idea back of the latter. Al- 
                         ways glad to see one of Howard's yams in 
                         print. The background for his piny woods 
                         stories is always authentic." 
                     
                     
                         Finlay's Illustrations 
                     
                     
                         Henry Kuttner writes from Beverly Hills, 
                         California: "Virgil Finlay's grease-pencil 
                         work, in the current WT, is as excellent as 
                         his pen-and-ink sketches, and seems to re- 
                         produce somewhat better on pulp paper. I 
                         was particularly struck, in the April issue, 
                         with Starrett's Cordelias Song, which suc- 
                         ceeded admirably in capturing the outr in- 
                         sane horror of The King in Yellow. Why 
                         not reprint that classic yarn, and Chambers' 
                         even more ghastly The Yellow Sign? Clark 
                         Ashton Smith's tale, The Garden of Adom- 
                         pha, was swell, and Virgil's pictorial inter- 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         NEXT MONTH 
                         The Fire Princess By Edmond Hamilton 
                         THE author of "The Lake of Life" outdoes himself in this new story of intrigue and adventures in the weird Valley of Koom
                            and the eery moun- tains of fire that surround it. This fascinating and compelling thrill-tale will hold your absorbed
                            interest from first to last. 
                         FOUR spies from four different na- tions--Japan, Russia, England and the United States-- enter the forbidden valley, and the
                            saga of their adventures makes a tale to look forward to-- a tale of the Place of Power that was the tomb of the Ancient
                            Ones--a tale of the terrible doom that menaced the world with destruction. This powerful novel will begin 
                         in the August issue of WEIRD TALES on sale July 1st 
                         To avoid missing your copy, clip and mail this coupon today for SPECIAL SUBSCRIPTION OFFER. (You Save 25c) 
                         
                             
                                 WEIRD TALES 840 N. Michigan Ave. Chicago, Ill. 
                                 Enclosed find $1.00, for which send me the next five issues of WEIRD TALES, to begin with the August issue.
                                    (Special offer void unless remittance is accompanied by coupon.) 
                                 Name 
                                 Address 
                                 City 
                                 State 
                             
                         
                     
                 
             
             
                 
                 128 WEIRD TALES 
                 
                     
                     
                         pretations most effective. I read Adompha 
                         first in manuscript form, up at Smith's place, 
                         surrounded by his grotesque statuary and his 
                         bizarre pictures, with a Satanic cat--no 
                         doubt one of Klarkash-Ton's familiars-- 
                         eyeing me wickedly from the corner. Lastly, 
                         a wreath of mandragores for that ol' davil 
                         Bloch, anent his Sebek story, with its really 
                         unusual climax." 
                     
                     
                         Concise Comments 
                     
                     
                         George C. Bowring writes from Los 
                         Angeles, California: "Allow me to voice my 
                         approval of the series of full-page interpre- 
                         tations by Virgil Finlay. They are truly re- 
                         markable. The April drawing was done with 
                         a restraint which was most admirable. I'm 
                         glad to see that he can be so true to the 
                         mood of whatever he is interpreting." 
                     
                     
                         R. J. Fugate writes from Hansonville, Vir- 
                         ginia: "Permit me to compliment you on 
                         your splendid magazine. It is, to my knowl- 
                         edge, the only pulp magazine of actual lit- 
                         erary merit. I have frequently taught in my 
                         college classes from stories published in 
                         Weird Tales--classes in American liter- 
                         ature." 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                     
                         Benjamin Rafkin writes from Washing- 
                         ton, D. C.: "In the May issue of Weird 
                         Tales, Henry Kuttner's Thunder in the 
                         Dawn seems to me the story best suited 
                         to your type of magazine and most accep- 
                         table to an intelligent audience which reads 
                         for recreation. Even though visibly an at- 
                         tempt at the Conanesque, it is a fine story 
                         and I hope there are more like it in the 
                         future." 
                     
                     
                         Nils H. Frome writes from Fraser Mills, 
                         B. C., Canada: "Of the short-shorts in the 
                         April number, Farley's was the best, and 
                         good. Brod's I did not like." 
                     
                     
                         Most Popular Story 
                     
                     
                         Readers, what is your favorite story in this 
                         issue? If you have any comments to make, 
                         please address them to the Eyrie, Weird 
                         Tales, 840 N. Michigan Avenue, Chicago. 
                         Your favorite story in the May issue, as 
                         shown by your votes and letters, was the first 
                         part of Henry Kuttner's story of the dawn 
                         age, Thunder in the Dawn. 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         
                             MY FAVORITE STORIES IN THE JULY WEIRD TALES ARE: 
                             Story 
                             Remarks 
                             (1) 
                             (2) 
                             (3) 
                             I do not like the following stories: 
                             (1) 
                             Why? 
                             (2) 
                             Reader's name and address: 
                             Address this coupon to The Eyrie, WEIRD TALES, 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, Ill. 
                         
                     
                 
                 W. T.--8 
             
             
                 
                 
                     COMING NEXT MONTH 
                     I FELT my breath catch in my throat as we came face to face in the moonlight. The general standard of beauty among the natives
                        of Brittany is high indeed, but in the girl who stood before me the very pinnacle of flawless perfection seemed to have been
                        reached. 
                     Her features--but how can I describe that which transcends all description? Mere words seem futile and meaningless when applied
                        to that radiant creature who con- fronted us out of the mystery of the night. Her loveliness seemed more than human --and most
                        assuredly none of it was due to the "art which conceals art" in the esti- mation of the feminine mind. Her dark hair waved in
                        a profuse disorder of natural curls over her brow and neck. Her smooth skin was deeply tanned by exposure to the wind and sun.
                        Her cheap cotton frock would have seemed but a mere rag but for the superb lines of the figure beneath. Her shapely legs were
                        bare to the knees; her feet innocent of even the wooden sabots which the poorest of peasants usually wear. She seemed more
                        like some dryad of the woods than a mundane peasant-girl. 
                     For some reason--possibly it was the memory of my own recent fears--her very calmness irritated me. 
                     "What are you doing here?" I cried as sharply as my halting Breton would allow. "Don't you know that there are wolves
                        about?" 
                     To my surprize she answered in the purest French: 
                     "Assuredly, m'sieu, there are wolves. Have I not just now"--she hesitated-- "have I not heard them howling? And you--you did not
                        climb the Devil's Tomb- stone just to admire the view?" . . . 
                     You will be fascinated with this posthumous thrill-tale by a late English master of weird fiction. It is an engrossing
                        novelette of the Ghoul Pack, the Barking Women of Josselin, and the struggle between a mother's love and an ancient curse. It
                        will be printed complete in the August issue of Weird Tales: 
                     The Wolf-Girl of Josselin By Arlton Eadie 
                     -Also- 
                     THE VENOMED BREATH OF VENGEANCE By Seabury Quinn A curious story about Jules de Grandin, occult de- tective and scientist, and
                        an East Indian whose very breath was lethal to those upon whom he blew. 
                     GREEN HORROR By H. Thompson Rich 
                     What was that hideous apparition that lured Joan to the greenhouse and swayed beside her father as he worked? A tale of
                        horror. 
                     THE FIRE PRINCESS By Edmond Hamilton 
                     A thrill-tale of intrigue and weird horror in the terrible Val- ley of Koom, the hidden city. A story of the dreadful Place of
                        Power that was the tomb of the Ancient Ones, and a strange doom that menaced the world. 
                     thrills---mystery---excitement 
                     August Issue WEIRD TALES - - - Out July 1 
                 
             
             
                 
                 
                     Special Bargain Offer 
                     YOURS While They Last At Reduced Price Only Fifty Cents 
                     Beautifully bound in rich blue cloth with attractive orange- colored cover jacket. 
                     THE MOON TERROR, by A. G. Birch, is a stupendous weird-scientific novel of Oriental intrigue to gain control of the
                        world. 
                     ALSO--OTHER STORIES LIMITED SUPPLY 
                     In addition to the full-length novel, this book also contains three shorter stories by well-known authors of thrilling weird-
                        scientific fiction: 
                     OOZE, by Anthony M. Rud, tells of a biologist who removed the growth limita- tions from an amba, and the amazing catastrophe
                        that ensued. 
                     PENELOPE, by Vincent Starrett, is a fascinating tale of the star Penelope, and 
                     the fantastic thing that happened when the star was in perihelion. 
                     AN ADVENTURE IN THE FOURTH DIMENSION, by Farnsworth Wright, is an uproarious skit on the four-dimensional theories of the
                        mathematicians, and inter-planetary stories in general. 
                     LIMITED SUPPLY 
                     Make sure of getting your copy now before the close-out supply is exhausted. Send your order today for this book at the
                        special bargain price of only 50c. 
                     NOTE: This book for sale from publishers only. It cannot be purchased in any book store. 
                     
                         
                             WEIRD TALES, Book Dept. 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, Ill., U. S. A. 
                             Enclosed find 50c for cloth-bound copy of THE MOON TERROR as per your special offer. 
                             Name 
                             Address 
                             City 
                             State 
                         
                     
                 
             
         
     
 