 Published Twite
 A Month
25c
 in Canada
 30 Cents
w
By Order of
Buck Brady
By W. C. TUTTLE
YOURSELF
Since halitosis never announces
itself to the victim, you simply
c.mnot know when you have i:.
H
alitosis may get
you discharged
Employers prefer fastidious people
. . . halitoxics not wanted
MORE and more, employers insist on
having about them people who are
fastidious. Sooner or later, those with hali-
tosis are "let out."
  Thc true reason for discharge, however, is
usually hidden under such phrases as ■'In-
efficient,” ''You can do better elsewhere,”
"We need a more experienced person," etc.
  Realize these facts about halitosis. That,
due to modern habits, ir is much more preva-
lent than is suspected. That it is a definite
liability in friendships, affections and busi-
ness, That you can have it and not know it.
  The one means of being sure that you are
free from it is to rinse the mouth systemati-
cally with Lisrerine. Every morning. Every
night. And between times when necessary,
especially before meeting others. Keep a
bottle handy in home and office for this
purpose.
  Lisrerine ends halitosis instantly. Being
antiseptic, it strikes at its commonest cause
—fermentation in the oral cavity. Then,
being a powerful deodorant, it destroys the
odors themselves.
  If you have any doubt of Listerine's power-
ful deodorant properties, make this test: Rub
a slice of onion on your hand. Then apply
Lisrerine clear. Immediately, every trace of
onion odor is gone.
  With these facts before you, make up your
mind to keep yourself on the safe, polite and
popular side by using Lisrerine. Lambert
PharmacaI Company, St. Louis, Mo., U. S. A.
   Have you tried the new
   Listerine Shaving Cream?
Cools your skin while you shave and keeps
it cool afterward. An outstanding shaving
cream in every respect.
LISTERINE
                    The safe antiseptic
ADVENTURE
Quarantec of Position and
Increased Pay
1 WE OUAHANl fcE lu find you » "li'fii'
mn- position w iihm GO diiv* after voti fin-
i»h our complete <our>c of homo training in
Drafting!
And, further,
"1 WE CUAK ANTEE that »akl position "ill
pay you a wbry of at leatc 50 - more than
you arc earning toJay. provided ynur present
salary it le*\ tlian $40 per week;
OR FAILING TO DO SO. vtji ROjrantw id
refund to von iinmcdiatdv tlic ejjnrv amount
tli.il you haw p.iid for this training.
Dirnti'f
t\l.mil'll \Vwk
 * Mail the
 Coupon
 to prove you can
 learn at Home,
 in spare time!
 Home-training backed with
 an agreement to get you a
 DRAFTING JOB at a 50%
 RAISE—or money refunded
 rseif without losin„ ..
 out Quitting your job or
 Here is a word-for-word copy of the Contract which we have
 made with 30,000 men in the past three years. I shall be glad
 to make the same agreement, backed by our entire resources
 of $2.000.000.00—with YOU.
 This agreement proves our training docs make reel Draftsmen.
 It proves that after you finish, there are toeU-vaid jobjavailable.
 Ancl you can prepare you
 day's payor time, without
 leaving homcl
The American School
                Chartered 30 years aso as an EDUCATIONAL
                INSTITUTION, and. like the best resident
                schools and colleges, conductcd NOT FOR
                PROFIT. We offer complete, thorough, up-to-
                date instruction — prepared by 200 leading En-
                gineers, Executives and Educators. A unique
                instruction, built to meet the specifications of
                well-paid jobs as laid down by employers them-
                selves—yet simplified for ready understanding
                work by men with only common schooling.
 We have developed a new simplified, rapid way to teach
 Drafting, and we want to send you three sample les-
 sons without cost or obligation. So you can test your own
 ability to master this fascinating work at home, in your
 spare time. And see for yourself how quickly and easily
 ;you can qualify for a fine well-paid Drafting position.
$50 to $125 a week paid to
EXPERT DRAFTSMEN!
 Pick up the want ads of any big-city newspaper and
 you’ll see why we urge men to go into Drafting.
 70,000 fine positions advertised in the past year.
 Draftsmen are urgently needed in Building Construc-
 tion, Manufacturing, in the Architectural, Mechanical,
 Electrical, Structural and Automotive industries. Get
 in touch with me, and I’ll tell you how you can get one
                                of these fine jobs.
Come Into Drafting!
                                 The ability to read blueprints
                                 and draw plans is the entering
                                 wedge to success in all building
                                          and manufacturing lines. Learn Draf t-
                                          ingand you'll be "sitting pretty.” It's
                                          INTERESTING work and Draftsmen
                                          are a wonderful bunch of fellows.
                                          You’re bound toenjoy thegoodnatured
                                          atmosphere of a Drafting office and
                                          the contact it gives you with important
                                          activities and BIG MEN.
 O. C. MILLER, Director, Exlension Work
 The American School, Dept. DB-4
 * — ' ~ Chi
men
 Drcxel Ave. 58th St., Chicago
 I am Interested to pet particulars of your Job and Raise
 Guarantee. Also send 3 Drafting Lessons without cost or
 obligation.
Name--
Address---------
Dept. DB-4, Drexel Avenue at 58th Street, Chicago
 I
Age--Occupation
Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting .vour dealer.
11
ADVENTURE
STUDY AT HOME
 OTWdiS	asSfiff	H'Tome a lawyer —-------
                           mcn w*n h'Kh positions and big uuc-
  swgsft ftBgffiflBg&gaSOT ccsti in business and public mv*. Be
  ■SK&iSsS	independent. Greater opportunities
                         now lhan evcr before. Blft corpora-
  £ S?Sa<4A W?W *»£«r t,onB "f® headed by men with legal train-
  fflflflffPftffift «83» ®8& ing. Earn
 Wgjr W $5,000 to $10,000 Annually
 &$£§§§§& ^Wo guido you step by etep. You can train at home
 during spare time. Degree of LL.B. conferred.
 LaSalle students found among practicing attorneys of every
  Eite. We furnish all t*xt material, including fourteen-volume
  w Library. Low cost, easy terms. Get our valuable 108-mura
  • Uw Guide” and ' Evidence ’books FREE. SeDd for them NOW.
  LaSalle Extension University. Dept. 77G-L. Chicago
  The World's Largest Business Training Institution__
(onstipated?
 Take N?-NATURE'S REMEDY-tonight. Your
 eliminative organa will be functioning properly by
 morning and your constipation will end with a bowel
 action a3 free and easy as nature at her best—no
 pain, no griping. Try it.
 Mild, safe, purely vegetable—at druggists—only 25c
C*T) I? 1? Write for sample of hf? and
» Xl£fCi our new Memo Radio Log Book
A. H. LEWIS MEDICINE CO.. Dept. 27F. ST. LOUIS. MO.
TO-NIGHT
 TOMORROW ALRIGHT
 AT"WT?M*T’TTu 17 Published twice a month by The Butterick Publishing Company. Buuerick Building. New York. Yvdtim*» A7
 N. Y. Yearly subscription S4.00 in advance: single copy s, cents. Entered as second-class
 1-. ion matter Oct. 1, 1910. ai the post-office at New York. N. Y.. under the act of March 3. 1879- M„mh»r 7
 July 1st, IviS	Additional entry at Chicago, Illinois.
Pocket <Ben
TZfeWestclox watch!
Jfew Westclox-
Auto Clock
      Attractive, convenient,
      reliable. Fits any car.
 'C'OR sturdiness, for reliability,
 A day in and day our, you can’t
 beat the new model Pocket Ben—
 and it’s mighty good looking, too!
 Millions depend on i t. So can you.
 Sold everywhere for $1.50.
  Built by the makers of Big Ben and other pf'estdox
WESTERN CLOCK COMPANY
La Salle, Illinois
Don’t Try to Hide These Ugly Spots;
Otliine Will Remove Them Qulckly
and Safely
   This preparation is so successful in removing
 freckles and giving a clear, beautiful complexion
 that it is sold by all drug and department stores
 with a guarantee to refund the money if it fails.
   Don't try to hide your freckles or waste time on
 lemon juice or cucumbers; get an ounce of Othine
 and remove them. Even the first few applications
 should show a wonderful improvement, some of the
 lighter freckles vanishing entirely.
   Be sure to ask for Othine—double strength; it is
 this that is sold on moneyback guarantee.
ADVENTURE	iii
Orange Ice on a stick and
7 Other Deliciout Elai'trrt
Eac Popiiclei every
day inJ learn why
they have become I Hr
world’. lartei(>tcIUng
f(o:«o confection!
K(ad* bv leading tee cream manufacturer* everywhere under lieenw ’
of PojhkIc Corporation. 1841 Broadway. New Yorfc City. Patenuo.
PILES
 Don’t su ff er! Begin this modern
 treatment at once! Unguen-
 tinePile Cones are wonderfully
 healing. At your druggist’s—
 75c. Trial FREE. The Norwich
 Pharmacal Co., Norwich, N. Y.
ARMY HAVERSACK
 heavy canvas, with leather sling, with
 pockets, for campers, farmers, woodsmen.
     Price $1.00 POSTPAID
 Illustrated catalog, 3S0 pages, issue 1927.
 at 50 cents, shows tents, high-powered
 rifles, helmcto. saddles, etc. Special cir-
 cular for 2c stamp. Established jS6>.
      Francis Bannerinan Sons
 501 Broadway	New York City
Greater opportunities now in advertis-
ing. Learn easily and quickly in sparo
' 10. Practical work. No text books.
school. Low tuition—
 ____-’rac tical work.
 •Id established school. Low tuition—
 terms. Send for free booklet of
intcrcalino information.
Page-Davis School of Advertising
Dept. 210-B, 3601 Mich. Av., Chicago
What Will You
Be Doing One Year
From Today?
 Three Hundred and sixty-five days from
 now—what?
 Will you still be struggling along in
 the same old job at the same old salary
 —worried about the future—never
 quite able to make both ends meet—
 standing still while other men go ahead?
 One year from today will you still be
 putting off your start toward success—
 thrilled with ambition one moment and
 then cold the next—delaying, waiting,
 fiddling away the precious hours that
 will never come again?
 Don’t do it, man—don’t do it.
 There is no greater tragedy in the
 world than that of a man who stays in
 the rut all his life, when with just a
 little effort he could bring large success
 within his grasp.
 Make up your mind today that you’re
 going to train yourself to do some one
 thing well. Choose the work you like
 best in the list below, mark an X beside
 it, mail the coupon to Scranton, and
 without cost or obligation, at least get
 the full story of what the I. C. S. can do
 for you.
      INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS
  "The Universal University"
  Box 2005-F, Scranton, Penna.
  Without cost or obligation, please send me a copy of your book-
  let, “Who Wins and Why,” and full particulars about the course
  before which I have marked X In the list below:
             BUSINESS TRAINING COURSES
  Business Management
  Industrial Management
  Personnel Organization
  Traffic Management
  Business Law
  Banking and Finance Management
  Accountancy (including C.P.A.)
   Nicholson Cost Accounting
   Bookkeeping
   Private Secretary
   Spanish □ French
       TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES
  ^Electrical Engineering	□ Architect
  1 Electric Lighting	□Architects' Blueprints
  j Mechanical Engineer	□Contractor and Builder
  ]Mechanical Draftsman	D Architectural Draftsman
  1 Machine Shop Practice	UConcrcte Builder
  JRailroad Positions	QStructural Engineer
  JGas Engine Operating	□Chemistry □ Pharmacy
 J Civil Engineer	□Automobile Work
  purveying and Mapping	□ Airplane Engines
  3 Metallurgy □ Mining	□ \gricuUurc □ Navigation
 ]Steam Engineering	□Mathematics	□ Kadio
 I Salesmanship
 I Advertising
 I Better Letters
 3 Show Card Lettering
 [Stenography and Typing
 (English
 1 Civil Service
 )Railway Mall Clerk
 ] Common School Subjects
 IHigh School Subjects
□ Cartooning
 ^Illustrating
Name.,,.............
 Street Address..
 City..................
 ..State..
Occupation.............................................................................................
 Persons residing 1n Canada should send this coupon to the Interna-
 tional Correspondence Schools Canadian, Limited. Montreal. Canada
Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
iv
ADVENTURE
 WE’RE GOING FOR A BATH”
Here's a lot of people walking, and the
artist says they're talking—they've al-
ready told him secretly, “We're going for
a bath."
So, dancing on their bath horizon, there's
a sight to rest their eyes on! Now they'll
change their bathrobes for an Ivory lather
coat!
He says they seem so hopeful they will
find tubs floating-soapful that he dares
not give them sinker-soap because he fears
their wrath.
They’ll have no more of bluish soap, of
green or scarlet-huish soap—these creamy
cakes alone will do, and every one will
float!
           Ivory is really the nicest soap to bathe with that's
           ever been made. Not only does it float right where
           you can see it and reach it, drop it when you will;
           but it quickly gives a lovely, creamy lather which
           cleanses thoroughly and then rinses off instantly.
KIND TO EVERYTHING IT TOUCHES
Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
          CONTENTS
  1928	for JulY 1st Anthony M. Rud
Vol. LXVII No. 2                      EDITOR                      
    The Duke and the Ducats ....      . Thomson Burtis         2. 
A Novelette of the Border Air Patrol                              
     By Order of Buck Brady ....      . W. C. Tuttle           40 
   A Story of a Whittling Sheriff                             
The White Elephant......              Clark Brockman           46 
A Story of the Siamese Jungles                                
Free Wood..........                   Leonard H. Nason         57 
The Ice Goes Out.......               Frank Richardson Pierce  58 
A Story of Alaska                                             
The Roaring Horn.......               George Allan England     6z 
Part i of a Five Part Novel of Perilous Seas                      
   Especially Dance Hall Women . .    Alma and Paul Ellerbe    97 
     A Story of the Mining Camps                              
In Line of Duty ........                                      O   
A Story of the War Flyers                                     
Sailmaker...........                  Bill Adams               "5 
A Poem                                                        
    The Man Who Hated Himself . .     Walt Coburn             116 
A Story of the Great Montana Blizzard                             
Ghost Island .........                . Donald A. Cadzow      1x9 
Empty Bottles.........                Raymond S. Spears       130 
A Story of the West                                           
Sacrificed...........                 Judson Hanna            *35 
     The Thraldom of Singan ....      . Charles Gilson        136 
A Novelette of the Malay Peninsula                            
 The Camp-Fire 184 Ask Adventure 187 Trail Ahead 19Z
 Cover Design by D. Cammerota	Headings by V. E. Pyles
   Published twice a month by The Butterick Publishing Company, Butterick Building, New York, N. Y„ U. S. A. Joseph A.
   Moore, Chairman of the Board; S. R. Latshaw, President; Levin Rank, Secretary and Treasurer; Anthony M. Rud, Editor. Entered as
   Second Class Matter, October i, 1910, at the Post Office at New York, N. Y., under the Act of March 3,1879. Additional entry at
   Chicago, Illinois. Yearlv subscription *4.00 in advance. Single copy, Twenty-6ve Cents, In Canada Thirty Cents. Foreign
   postage, Ja.oo additional. Canadian postage, 75 cents. Trade Mark Registered: Copyright, 1918, by The Butterick Publishing j
                                        Company in the United States and Great Britain.
1
<Jhe
DUKE and the DUCATS
   Tex M.acDowell and Duke
   Dalyj Border flyerSj %oom down
   on a shady deal in a booming
   Texas oil town
   By THOMSON BURTIS
ROBERT DALY, sometimes
known as the Duke, climbed
out of the trim little scout he
-had just landed on the McMul-
len airdrome. His eyes were still glowing
as a result of one of the few intervals of
complete happiness which life afforded
him. There was an admixture of pain
with the sheer delight of flying, however.
Once he had been a regular Army flyer,
instead of merely in the Reserve Corps,
and a member of that same McMullen
flight of the Border Patrol which the
Army Air Service flew along the Rio
Grande.
  As he walked toward headquarters, one
of the line of frame buildings on the
southern edge of the tiny flying field, the
almost boyish light in his eyes changed
to the shadow which habitually darkened
them. That he was not still a regular
Army flyer, he realized, was due to the
outlaw he had been before his Army days,
and flying, for him, must always remain an
occasional treat: just another installment
of the payment for his past which would
never be completed . . .
  “Lieutenant MacDowell wishes to see
you, sir, in headquarters.”
  The mechanic saluted smartly. Salut-
ing on that small post was a rarity, be-
cause officers and men passed each other
too frequently, but somehow the men
always saluted Daly.
  “Thanks,” nodded the Duke, and at the
same moment he saw the tall form of
Lieutenant Tex MacDowell appear on the
porch and start toward him rapidly.
  He removed his helmet, revealing
blond hair which lent the last touch of
boyishness to his too perfect face. His
clear cut features were like those of some
statue. As a matter of fact they had been
carved by plastic surgeons. A wreck,
back in war days, had almost ruined his
face, and the artificial one the medicos
had fashioned was as lineless as a boy’s.
From the side he looked twenty-two or
three. When one saw his eyes—the eyes
of a man of thirty-one who had seen and
suffered much—the contrast was such
that few people could ever forget him.
  “Listen, Duke,” Tex called from twenty
feet away, “how’d you like a week end
A COMPLETE NOVELETTE
trip to that wild new oil town, Verona,
with prospects of excitement?”
  “Fine,” Daly replied, without outward
interest. Despite himself, he was custom-
arily aloof and indifferent. “What’s
the idea?”
  “Got a letter from dad. He’s in the
East and can’t get away. He backed an
old friend of his, named Henry Ivers, as a
silent partner in an oil machinery business
down there. They got into acreage some
way, and are getting their eye teeth
rooked out of them by some crook.
Ivers don’t know what to do, and dad
wants me to go down and look over the
land and see what can be done. Henry
is a business man, not a rough and tumble
bozo. Dad knew you were here and
thought you might be of help. What
say?”
  “All right with me,” nodded Daly, for
all the world as if the prospect were as
thoroughly appealing to him as it was to
the lean Texan whose eyes were shining
with enthusiasm. “Where is this Verona?”
  “West of Laredo. They used to call it
Park Forks.”
  Ghosts of the past rose, to drop a film
over Daly’s eyes and tighten his mouth.
His face was a mask now. He had
gambled along the Rio Grande.
  “About fifteen miles or so north of the
river, opposite a little Mexican village
called Santa Verona, isn’t it?” he asked
quietly.
  Tex, who knew Daly as no one else in
the world did, studied him silently.
He started to say something, and stopped
abruptly.
  “You can take a couple or three days
off, can’t you? I mean you aren’t liable
to get urgent orders from Washington—”
  Daly shook his head. For more than
three years he had been a special Govern-
ment agent. His knowledge of the under-
world had made him a valuable one, too.
He had just finished a job here on the
Border.
  “Well, then,” grinned Tex, “I vote we
call up Henry Ivers right now and get
started this afternoon, if it’s all right
with the captain. He said the trip in
general was O.K, providing we didn’t
use our official position to further our
4
THOMSON BURTIS
private ends, as it were. At that, in a
town like Verona we’re liable to run
across stuff that’d interest the Govern-
ment a good deal. Let’s go see the cap.
I hadn’t figured on going until tomorrow
until right this minute.”
A MOMENT later they were facing
stocky, spike pompadoured little
-	Captain Kennard.
  “Say, Cap,” grinned the big South-
ener, “anything the matter with our
shoving off this afternoon to help out my
poor old father?”
  Kennard’s raucous laughter filled the
room.
  “Go ahead,” he chuckled. “You
wouldn’t sleep a wink tonight if you
didn’t, and there’d be no use of having
you around the place. Excitement is a
disease with you, young man.”
  Which it was, almost, Daly reflected.
The Texan seemed to have some per-
ennial hunger within him which nothing
but dangerous emergencies could assuage.
A week of monotony, and he was a
brooding, temperamental recluse, seeking
liquor to deaden his senses. The Duke
knew what that feeling was—something
always beckoning hijn from around the
corner—and the invariable disillusion-
ment when one found that it was never so
attractive as it seemed. But his own rest-
lessness and discontent beat itself against
the hard shell he had built around his real
self, and the world rarely knew.
  As they went out of the office* an
orderly ran toward the hangars to give
orders for their ship. They walked
toward the row of tents which were the
living quarters for the dozen officers of the
patrol. MacDowell, momentarily serious,
stopped and faced Daly.
  “Listen, Duke,” he drawled. “What’s
on your mind about this trip? Anything
that I don’t know about? I know you
were around the Border as a—a gambler,
and might have enemies. I’d like to
know, so that—you know.”
  The commonplace words, said with a
touch of shyness by the Texan, con-
veyed the same feeling to Daly which
MacDowell had aroused years before-
The same spirit shone through which
had made Tex the first and only friend
the emotionally starved Daly had ever
had. Five years of want, fighting among
the dregs of life, years in which he had
lived his mental life alone and displayed
to the world he Jived in and despised a
shell which the blows of fate had thick-
ened, had brought to Daly what he had
thought to be a totaL self-sufficiency. In
MacDowell he had found the first under-
standing friend he had ever had. In a
brutal effort to test him, to discover the
basis of his apparent liking for the aloof
stranger, the Duke had thrown his past in
the big fellow’s face—hobo, professional
gambler, denizen of the underworld be-
cause he had been made so at fifteen. He
had spared nothing, as though trying to
repel the famous flyer whose friendship
he really wanted so desperately.
  And Tex had met the test. It had not
been Daly’s present position of respecta-
bility, even a certain eminence, which had
attracted him. For what he had been, an
outcast, or might be again, meant not a
single, solitary damn to MacDowell.
  The inference in his words now sent the
unaccustomed warm glow through Duke
Daly, and momentarily his eyes were soft.
Tex wanted to have all the facts, so he
could fight at Daly’s right hand if
necessary.
  “You know,” Daly said without emo-
tion. “Remember the case of Jim Fitz-
patrick, an old coOn he shot—and so
forth?”
  MacDowell’s eyes widened.
  “And that was within fifteen miles!”
he said very slowly. “I don’t think it’ll
mean a thing, Duke. If I did I wouldn’t
bring you there. Not a soul will connect
you with it—and if they do you were
right.”
  “Haven’t the Fitzpatricks any friends
left since old Dave is in jail?”
  “Some—but they’re damn’ quiet. I
don’t think there’s a thing to worry about
there.”
  As it turned out, there was nothing for
the Duke to worry about—there. As he
THE DUKE AND THE DUCATS
5',
was often to discover, however, the good
men do lives after them—and when it has
the appearance of evil, it seems to live
forever.
TWO HOURS later the two flyers
dropped their ton-and-&-half De-
Haviland into the airdrome of the
Border Patrol flight at Laredo. Within
lifteen minutes the gas and oil tanks had
been refilled, and they were in the air
again. Considerable information regard-
ing the town of Verona had also come
their way from the flyers. If evidence was
needed of the fact that -an oil boom had
changed conditions along that part [of the
border, the Duke thought to himself, a
look from the air supplied it.
  Laredo was the nearest railroad ter-
minus, and that sizeable town had
changed considerably since last he had
seen it. Close to the railroad station
gaunt frame warehouses had arisen like
mushrooms, and the streets of the town
were crowded. The one road which led
back into the rolling mesquite was a
sight to see. It crawled through the
chaparral like a gray snake, and it was
crowded with vehicles of all descriptions,
from huge trucks to §mall wagons drawn
by burros. It was rutted so deeply as to,
be almost impassable.
  There was not a break in the clogged
traffic between Laredo and Verona.
Daly felt a thrill as, from five thousand
feet, he looked down on the newly
created town. It looked almost like a
gargantuan circus lot, because tempo-
rarily it seemed to be built of canvas.
Hundreds of tents of all sizes lined the
main road, and side streets had been
hacked from the mesquite. There were
many crude shacks of all sizes, and foot-
paths were lined with eVery species of
temporary structure, from pup tents to
square, steel roofed frame buildings.
Around what had evidently been the
original cross roads, with its small cluster
of permanent buildings, was the main
part of town.
  Verona was a tent city, almost a mile
square already, and here and there
through the mesquite there were isolated
clusters of tents. The streets were so
jammed with people that the circus
illusion grew on him. No midway, just
before show time, had ever been more
densely populated. From the air it
seemed that a man could have crossed any
of the crude streets on the tops of the
slowly moving vehicles. There were no
sidewalks, and what were called streets,
he could see, were merely trails, for the
most part, and those trails had been
gored by thousands of wheels until they
were like freshly plowed fields. Many
automobiles and trucks were stalled.
Others were barely able to move.
  “Gosh! If it ever rains not a wheel will
turn for days!” he thought.
  From the town as a nucleus, dozens of
zigzag trails, hewn from the chaparral,
snaked away in all directions. Derricks
thrust themselves from the mesquite on
all sides. Pipeline gangs were working
here and there, and every road was full of
vehicles. Jets of steam showed whitely
in many places to indicate where drilling
was going on, and here and there were
large areas which were blackened with oil.
He saw a half dozen sumps, the oil show-
ing black inside them, and there were
dozens of others being dug. Transpor-
tation was so difficult, doubtless, that
storage tanks would be the last things
brought in.
  His heart leaped to the thrill of the raw
power of it all. It was as though he were
watching men at grips with Mother
Nature herself, wringing her riches from
her against overwhelming odds. There
was an effect of tremendous struggle in
the slowness with which the wagons and
trucks moved. The gaunt derricks, in all
stages of construction, seemed more like
wreckage than like usable pieces of
machinery. Drillers, roughnecks, pipe
line men, and laborers swariped over an
area of three or four square miles like busy
ants, and the town was like a teeming
ant hill. Stuck out there in the middle of
the wilderness, with every bit of food, to
say nothing of machinery, transport-
ed from fifty miles away, it seemed
6
THOMSON BURTIS
unbelievable. It was crude and ugly
and sublime.
  MacDowell turned around, his eyes
glowing through his goggles. He pointed
north of the town, and Daly nodded.
There was a clearing there, and one air-
plane was standing in front of a canvas
hangar.
  Tex, who was flying, nosed the ship
down and sent it into a tight spiral,
directly above the town. Now Daly
could see that derricks were being con-
structed within the limits of the settle-
ment itself. The white city was studded
with them. A quarter of a mile east of
Verona a closely set group of derricks,
their boilers already in operation and
the roughnecks busy on the drilling
floors, indicated the original well. Most
of the derricks were black with oil, and a
huge sump was half full. From this as a
center the derricks spread in a circle, the
forest of them growing thinner and thin-
ner as the circumference of the circle was
reached.
  Daly shifted his attention to the field.
It was small for a De Haviland, and spots
on it testified to the fact that stumps had
been pulled from its surface. However,
it presented no problems to a flyer like
MacDowell.
  He glanced southward. Santa Verona,
Mexico, was in view on the bank of the
river. Opposite it, on the American side,
a small settlement looked like a con-
tinuation of the Mexican town. The
river was all of fifteen miles away, and
the two towns combined looked no
bigger than a man’s hand. That had been
the place where a certain tragedy had
happened ten years before, and for a
moment Daly’s mind brooded over the
past.
  Then, as the twelve cylinder Liberty’s
roar decreased, and he felt the terrific
wind against his right cheek which indi-
cated a sideslip, he transferred his atten-
tion to the ground underneath him. The
center of town was but two miles away,
and as he glanced at it he thought:
  “Seems as though there was a little
excitement about us, at that! That’s
funny — they’re used to airplanes.”
  It did seem that every living soul had
stopped whatever he might have been
doing, and was watching the big bomber
come down. Tex had it sideslipping,
right wing down. A hundred feet high
and a little- more than two hundred feet
north of tHe field he brought it level, cut
the gun completely, and glided toward
the clearing. One solitary man stood be-
side the civilian ship, watching, and on
the derrick floors of the wells close to the
field Daly could see that all work had
ceased. Four men on horseback were
riding into the field as Tex brought the
DH down on three points. It stopped
rolling fifty feet from the hangar, and as
they taxied up alongside the civilian ship
the four horsemen rode to meet them.
  The solitary man who had been stand-
ing alongside the ship went into the
hangar.
  “Funny way for a flyer to act,” thought
Daly.
  He transferred his attention to the
horsemen. They were lined up on the
line, and as the De Haviland stopped roll-
ing and they could control their horses
better, they rode around on the side of it.
MacDowell turned off the gas, and Daly
.climbed out while the motor was running
itself out.
  The horsemen dismounted silently.
One man held the reins of all four horses
as the other three walked toward the
Duke.
  “The welcoming committee,” drawled
Tex in his ear, and then said aloud:
  “Howdy. This is Verona, I take it?
You’re not our guards for the ship, are
you?” The man ignored the last ques-
tion.
  “Shore is. Stayin’ long?”
  The speaker was a very small, dried up
little man of about forty-five, Duke esti-
mated, and he was slightly ahead of his
companions. He was bowlegged, but he
wore expensive field boots instead of the
cowboy boots which would have seemed
more in keeping with his appearance.
Riding breeches of whipcord, a wellmade
flannel shirt, and an ornate sombrero
THE DUKE AND THE DUCATS
7
which had not cost a ccnt less than sixty
dollars completed his costume. His face
was weatherbeaten until it was a mahogany
color, and two very cold, very keen green
eyes looked speculatively at the flyers.
They were narrowed, and there were a
million wrinkles around them.- His nose
was long, and jutted forth boldly above
a neatly trimmed mustache. He was a
curious contrast—the clothes of a dandy,
and the appearance of an old time cow-
puncher.
 “Just a couple of days,” Daly
answered.
  One of the other two men laughed. He
was tall and lean and dark faced, and his
lips looked to be the kind which could
twist easily into a sneer. He was dressed
sloppily, his clothes spotted with oil.
  “Yo’re plannin’ to stay that long? What
fur?”
  It was the little leader again, and his
eyes flitted from one face to the other.
There was a challenge in his soft voice—a
sort of metallic ring.
  Daly looked at him in amazement at
the question.
  “That,” he stated evenly, “would seem
to be our business.”
  The leader’s face did not change, but
the other two men chuckled. Not a par-
ticularly mirthful chuckle, Daly decided
with rising interest. The third man was
short and powerfully built, a disreputable
sombrero cocked on one side of his head
and making his scarred face look some-
what tougher than it would have ordi-
narily.
  “Pretty cocky, eh, Newt?” he in-
quired, and the leader turned on him
quickly.
  “Keep yore trap shut!” he said softly,
and the trap was shut without argument.
  “Yo’re Border Patrolmen, ain’t yuh?”
he asked quietly, and those eyes were like
gimlets.
  “Yes,” nodded Tex. “But we’re just
here on a visit.”
  The leader expectorated a large quan-
tity of tobacco juice.
  “The hell yuh say,” he drawled. “I
notice yuh brought yore guns.”
  His eyes were on the machine guns
which were mounted on the ship. His
two companions drifted around the air-
plane, as though looking it over.
  MacDowell was leaning negligently
against the side of the fuselage, his hand
playing with his Colt idly. Daly saw his
eyes flame suddenly. His drawl was very
slow when he finally spoke, but the danger
signals were flying. Something in the a t-
titude of the outwardly inoffensive little
rider had aroused Daly’s gorge, as well.
  “Well, what the hell of it?” MacDowell
asked him softly.
  The stranger’s eyes flitted from Daly’s
to MacDowell’s. He walked forward
slowly. The other two men, out of sight
on the other side of the ship, made no
sound. As he came forward the rider
pushed his sombrero far back on his head,
and Duke could see more of his face. He
had a lantern jaw, hollow, creased cheeks,
and those eyes, seen more plainly, were
very wintry looking.
  “Plenty of it, Mr. Patrolman!” he said
with that harsh timbre suddenly obvious
once more. “You wasn’t sent for, was
you?”
  “No. We’re not here on business.”
  “So you said. I’m tellin’ you some-
thin’. You better go. Verona don’t want
you. We can handle our own affairs
around here, and don’t need no help from
outsiders!”
  Daly could scarcely believe his ears.
He took a step forward, glancing mean-
ingly at Tex.
  “Listen, stranger,” he said in that cool,
detached voice of his, “we didn’t ask you
for any advice. And we expect to do
just as we damn’ please. We told you we
weren’t here on duty, but whether we are
or not is none of your business. And
since you’ve mentioned it, who the hell
gave you any authority to speak for
Verona?”
  “Yo’re pretty cocky, you boys, ain’t
you?” drawled the Verona man con-
temptuously. “I’m jest tellin’ you two
things. We’re havin’ a special election
t’morrow, and I’m one o’ the candidates
for the job o’ runnin’ this town. We
8
THOMSON BURTIS
don’t crave yore help. We don’t want no
damn’ airplane buzzin around, with guns
on it, nor no Rangers nor Border Patrol-
men nor anybody else hornin’ in t’ help
us run our business.”
  Daly’s mind took in the import of the
stranger’s words almost unconsciously as
he thought of the possibilities in the
situation.
  “We’re not here to run your business,”
Tex told him easily. “But now that we’re
on the subject, why are you so keen that
we leave here? We came down for a
vacation—”
  “And it looks as though we might have
some work to do and could start in on
you.”
  Daly said that quietly. Somehow the
personal side of the situation did not seem
so important. He felt a vague resent-
ment at the idea of this bandylegged
little Southwesterner taking it upon
himself to insult the Government in
general.
FOR A long ten seconds the little
Westerner’s eyes held Daly’s, and
they were very cold and keen.
When he finally spoke, Daly, who was
ready for anything^ was almost shocked
at the tenor of his words.
  “We ain’t gettin’ nowhere thisaway,”
the rider said, conciliation in his voice.
His two comrades were standing by the
tail surfaces of the ship, now, whispering
to themselves. Duke could see them
from the corner of his eye. “Now, listen.
I ain’t here t’ get in bad with you boys,
nor t’ tell you what t’ do. Don’t git me
wrong. Here’s the situation. Verona’s a
funny town with a funny problem. We
aim t’ run it ourselves. Right at this time
we ain’t askin’ or wantin’ no outside in-
terference. We don’t want no outside
cops, sheriffs, Rangers or whatnot runnin’
around hog wild, arrestin’ the wrong
people and raisin’ hell generally. This
here’s a bunch o’ men got together from
Smackover t’ Tampico. It ain’t even a
town yet. We aim t’ organize our own
law and run our own show.
  “And it’s liable t’ be very, very tough
fur anybody from the outside t’ horn in
yet awhile. They ain’t needed or wanted,
and nobody could tell what’d happen.
Why the hell should you want t’ butt in?
Honest, I’m doin’ you a favor.”
  “It looks to me,” Daly said calmly,
“as though Verona was threatening any
one, including us, who interfered.”
  The stranger looked long and hard at
the Duke. He rolled and lit a cigaret
with absentminded skill.
  “My name’s Jed Conklin,” he said
suddenly. “I own acreage, am drillin’
wells, and got a heavy investment here.
There’s only one way t’ run a boom town
like this here one, which come up from
nothin’. I aim t’ have my money pro-
tected the best way. I ain’t goin’ into it
in detail. But I’m askin’ you—”
  He hesitated. It seemed to Daly that
a fundamental nastiness of temper—an
impatience which he had kept repressed—
suddenly was rising to the surface of
Mr. Jed Conklin.
  “In fact, I’m tellin’ yuh tuh mind yore
own business while yuh’re here for yore
own good! Keep yore hands off this
town!”
  “Suppose we say we’ll do as we damn’
please?” drawled MacDowei!.
  “Ho, ho, ho! Why, you old fool!”
  It was a shout of laughter from the
shorter of the Conklin henchmen. As he
gave vent to those apparently hilarious
words, he smote the taller man a mighty
blow on the back.
  To Daly it seemed that there had been
a lack of spontaneity in the laugh, and
the taller man stumbled forward as
though the blow had been from a pile-
driver. Half by instinct and half because
of an idea which had suddenly assumed
form in his mind, Daly leaped toward
them.
  The elevators of the De Haviland, of
course, were hanging, their rear edges
within inches of the ground. The big
Verona man was falling toward them.
  Daly covered the eight feet between
him and the stranger in one bound. As
the oil man’s heavy boot was coming down
on one elevator the flyer’s fist crashed to
THE DUKE AND THE DUCATS
9
his jaw with all the momentum of his
leap plus the skill which was the result of
half a hundred fights.
  The oil man staggered back, his foot
brushing the linen of the control harm-
lessly.
  “You would, would you!” Daly snap-
ped coolly, and another blow to the side
of the jaw felled the astounded Texan.
  “Why, damn you—”
  The smaller man had jumped at him,
but Daly jumped backward with catlike
quickness. His Colt was out before the
other man’s.
  “Don’t anybody move!” came Mac-
Dowell’s vibrant voice.
  His gun was out, too, trained on
Conklin. Daly, his gun on the smaller
henchman, and his eyes on his fallen foe,
spoke very clearly.
  “Trying to make sure our ship’ll stay
on the ground, by putting it out of com-
mission, are you?” he inquired coolly.
“Mr. Conklin, this is a very interesting
party—”
  “What the hell do you mean! Put them
popguns up, you squirts!”
  The faded little Southwesterner was
suddenly boiling with rage. His eyes were
snakelike, and his .leathery face was
working with emotion he could no longer
control.
  “What d’yuh mean, soakin’ that man
thataway?” he rushed on furiously. “By
God, if you think yore uniforms is gonna
git you anything in this here town you
got another think cornin’! Gun play you
want, huh? We’ll blow the top o’ yore
heads off, you—”
  “Shut up.”
  It was MacDowell. He moved forward
lightly and clapped his hand oyer the
irate oil man’s mouth.
  “Listen here,” Daly cut in steadily.
His victim was still on the ground, dazed,
and the little fat man seemed entirely
nonplussed. “Your two men here de-
liberately framed up a dodge to put our
ship out of commission. Maybe you
knew about it, and maybe you didn’t.
It strikes me as a very peculiar thing for
a respectable citizen to come out here,
threaten officers and warn them not to
interfere, and put their official equipment
out of order. We ought to carry the three
of you into town and put you in the
lockup for attempted destruction of
Government property and interference
with officers of the law.
  “But we won’t, now. We’re not here
on duty—supposedly. But the property
this ship is standing on is protected by the
Government right now, and it starts
twenty feet from the ship on all sides.
Now get the hell off that property!
Fast!”
  For a fleeting second the Southwest-
erner stood immobile, his face a study in
baffled fury. Something in the Duke’s
passionless tones bound his tongue,
though, and he did not speak. His eyes
shifted to the eyes of MacDowell, stand-
ing over him. Without a word he turned
and walked away from the ship.
 “Come on, you two,” Daly said
tersely. “If the big boy can’t walk, carry
him, Fatty!”
  Fatty supported his partner, who was
not too dazed to mumble curses.
  “There’s some news you might as well
spread,” called MacDowell. “We’ve
arranged for a couple of guards, and their
orders from now on’ll be to shoot anybody
that passes the dead line. Get that, Mr.
Conklin?”
  Mr. Conklin did not answer. As two
horsemen rode into the field he and his
henchmen rode away.
  MacDowell, his eyes shining with the
zest of the battle, lit a cigaret.
  “I’ve seen dumb things, and peculiar
things, and what have you,” he stated,
“but I’ll be damned if I ever saw any-
thing like this!”
  “I can’t get it at all,” Daly admitted.
“Great God, Tex, no man could be such
a fool as to come right out and tip his
hand if he was up to something criminal!
Conklin comes right to us, and warns us
in plain terms to keep out of things.
Any dumbbell in the world would know
that a man who did that was up to some-
thing illegal—and any dumbbell would
know too much to do it if he
10
THOMSON BURTIS
had any reason to be scared of the
law!”
  “You might figure he acted in good
faith for the good of Verona,” Tex
ruminated. “Lots of these towns don’t
want law in the ordinary sense. They
want women and booze and six-shooter
law.”
  “But I’ll be damned if they try to de-
stroy Government property and de-
liberately alienate officers of the law.”
  “It might be that those two bozos
originated the idea themselves, and the
big boy had little to do with it,” Tex
suggested.
  “Possible, but not probable. Here are
the guards.”
  The two roughly dressed, stubbled
bearded riders dismounted leisurely, and
the heavier of the two inquired—
  “MacDowell and Daly?”
  “Right. You’re the guards Mr. Ivers
sent out?”
  “Yes, suh.”
  Both men were armed, and looked
thoroughly competent for a job which,
within the last few moments, had assumed
importance.
  “Know Jed Conklin?” Daly asked
them.
  “Shore do,” said the smaller man,
wiping his mustache with the back of his
hand.
  “He just tried to put this ship out of
commission. Looks as though some
people in this town didn’t want it to fly.
So you may have work to do. The orders
are this. Put up stakes in a circle twenty
feet away from the ship, and shoot if any-
body tries to get closer. You’re guarding
Government property now,” Daly told
them quietly;
  He was watching the guards closely,
and they showed no signs of surprise.
  “That’s funny,” the tall one said
ruminatively, scratching his incipient
goatee. “Must be this here election’s
gonna be a humdinger.”
  Darkness was falling, and Daly could
see no reason for questioning the guards
further when more information could be
obtained from Ivers. They were to use
the guard’s horses. As they walked
toward them Tex remarked:
  “That’s a good ship there. Looks like
a Robin’s Cruiser to me. Notice the
Liberty? It is a Cruiser.”
  Daly nodded. The ship was a heavy-
set, thick winged model, with space for two
passengers in the front seat. The pilot’s
cockpit was the rear one.
  “She’ll do about what the DH will,
won’t she?” he inquired absently.
  “Uh huh—a little more.”
  They mounted, and as they were on
their way across the field Tex remarked:
“I don’t see why an election should
make it necessary for a ship to be put out
of order. If we planned to interfere, we
couldn’t do any good in the air. What
do you make of that, Watson?”
  “Who can tell what’s up in a town like
this only ten miles from the river? Do
you figure, furthermore, that it’s a bit
peculiar for that man who was alongside
the ship when we were coming down to
disappear and fail to extend greetings to
his fellow flyers?”
  Tex grinned blissfully.
  “Probably all a pipe dream,” he
chuckled. “But it doesn’t hurt to hope
that something might happen, does it?
We’ve made a great start. One of the
powerful men of the town hates us al-
ready, and we’ve got an unknown guy to
fight for the honor and money of the
family. This election, by all signs, should
mean quite a fruity day tomorrow. All in
all, Duke, my boy, I’m glad to be among
you.”
  The big Texan was in his private idea
of the seventh heaven. Daly smiled, his
eyes momentarily warm.
  “I’m not sorry,” he said evenly. “In
fact, I’m not too sorry that this Conklin
chap has got me thoroughly and com-
pletely bewildered. He may be anything
from just a dunce to an outlaw so sure of
himself that he thinks he can run the
Border Patrol as well as Verona.”
“That’ll probably be cleaned up in our
minds after we talk to Ivers,” Tex said.
“Say, wouldn’t it be a joke if he was the
bozo who was rooking dad?”
THE DUKE AND THE DUCATS
14
THEY struck the main trail—it
could’not be called a road—half a
mile from the field. It was choked
with traffic of all descriptions. The two
lines moved at a snail’s pace, except for
lone riders who galloped through the
mesquite. The ruts were often a foot
deep. Wagons and trucks laden with
pipe and other equipment; passenger cars
carrying scouts, drillers, and mechanics;
tool pushers; food trucks—all were part of
the line. At intervals of a few hundred
yards other roads branched off to wells or
prospective wells on either side. There
were many vehicles stuck in the sand.
There was an effect of mighty effort and
sweaty industry. The fact that the
swift Texas darkness had fallen seemed
to make no difference to the throng of
workers. Before the night was over the
flyers were to make certain of the fact
that work in the Verona field went on
twenty-four hours a day.
  “We don’t seem to be too popular,”
Daly observed.
  “Right you are,” agreed Tex as they ap-
proached the town. “Listen to that
bozo.”
  One of a group of men riding a small
truck had called tauntingly—
  “The reformers are with us!”
  Many of the curious glances they re-
ceived were far from friendly. Some-
times what amounted to insults were
hurled at them from the protection of
darkness.
  “These roughnecks don’t want their fun
spoiled,” Daly commented. “They think
we’re the law.”
  As they came into the outskirts of the
town the feeling grew in strength. On
each side of the road solid lines of pedes-
trians were moving toward town be-
tween lines of tents and shacks. The two
flyers were conspicuous, and even the
contained Daly felt self-conscious as they
became the center of attention.
  “Look at the Boy Scouts!” was a
favorite remark from the oil spotted,
crudely dressed men on either side, and
their passage down the street became a
long ordeal.
  Before it was over Tex had a dangerous
glint in his eye, and Daly himself was
tightlipped and ready for trouble.
  “They haven’t even got electric lights
in most places yet,” Tex observed as they
turned into the main street. “Good
Lord, what a sight!”
  And Daly agreed with him. Flaring
torches made the street as light as day,
and flickering shadows in the background
lent it an air of spookiness. The street
was solid with slow moving traffic, the
roadbed a rough sea of ruts and sandy
bogs. Four lines of traffic barely moved.
Tents alternated with unpainted tem-
porary buildings, and there were dozens
of other structures on which work was
progressing feverishly. And everywhere
there were men—sliding between cars,
choking the sidewalks, so thick that there
was scarcely room for their feet. From
either side there came music of every
known variety—hand organ, mechanical
pianos, personally operated violins and
guitars, and a few portable organs.
  “Most of these places are dives, it looks
to me,” observed Tex. “Look at that
place!”
  It was a huge frame structure, entirely
open on the street side. Inside it a huge
bar extended all along the right hand side,
and ten bartenders were busy attending
to the mob which fought to get a place
close to the counter. A good many tables
occupied the remainder of the front part
of the building, and there were quite a few
women, plainly hostesses, helping oil men
to spend their money. In the rear was a
small dance floor.
 Taunts, some humorous and others
nasty, were hurled continuously at the
flyers. It was a seething tent city, a
young, raw giant bellowing to the night
sky. Daly felt a sense of surging life in
it, and his heart beat faster. Anything
could happen there. Drunkenness, a wild
abandon were in the very air. The crowds
which he could look down upon included
every type of man, from dirty roughneck
to well dressed big company scout, and a
sprinkling of women.
 “Every Mexican gold digger from
12
THOMSON BURTIS
Tampico north must have flocked here,”
he told Tex.
  “There are more spigs than Americans
■—and there are a lot of ’em among the
men, too.”
  “They sure aren’t secret about their
good times,” Daly said, half to himself.
“Look at this street!”
  Almost every building and tent was
wide open on the street side. Some of
them were lighted with electricity, others
by kerosene or gasoline, and the solid line
of brightly illuminated squares gave a
carnival effect.
   “I’d like to see ten square feet of space,
inside or outside, with nobody occupying
it,” Tex remarked. “Look at that sign.
Cots ten bucks a night, huh? Say, if
Ivers and Dad don’t clean up here I don’t
know where they ever will. Let’s ask
where the Verona Machinery Equipment
Co. has its place of business.”
  He leaned down and asked a man in a
huge sombrero who was walking along-
side him. Pedestrians were in the street,
passing between buildings, everywhere.
More than ever the town was like a
crowded circus lot, even to many loud
ballyhoo artists.
  The man looked up, showing a face so
dark that he might have been a Mexican.
As he took in Tex’s uniform his eyes
widened, and a smile overspread his
countenance.
  “That big building—frame—on the
right hand side,” he said, pointing.
“You are Mr. MacDowell!”
  “What?” asked the surprised Tex as
the man hesitated. “Do I know
you?”
  “No.”
  He looked long at the two flyers, grin-
ning as though at a private joke. He
pushed his hat back on his head, walking
along beside the horses. His hair was
blond. He was thin faced and lantern
jawed, and his eyes sloped upward from
his nose, giving his face a certain oriental
cast. It was subtly cruel.
  “I knew Mr. Ivers was expecting a
couple of flyers,” he said. “Hope jyou
have a good time. So long.”
  He turned, and fought his way through
the crowd.	iF1*
  “That bozo acted as though he was
enjoying our being here,” Tex stated.
“Maybe he’s one of Ivers’ men. Say,
Duke, this town is the damnedest place I
ever hit. A pilot runs away from meeting
us, the next guy gets in a fight with us,
two bozos try to wreck the plane, and
the bunch in general would be far happier
if we weren’t here. Maybe I’m getting
nervous, but this last gink, the first one
to speak politely, acted as though we
were the principal ingredient in a Roman
holiday.”
  Daly smiled briefly. He had become
entirely anesthetic to the curious, often
belligerent, looks from the crowds, and
the frequent razzings which came from
them.
  “He certainly was having a laugh to
himself. Looked as though he might be
a halfbreed. You don’t suppose Ivers
confided in him, do you?”
  “We’ll soon tell,” drawled Tex, swing-
ing off his horse.
  The big two story building, constructed
of unpainted boards, had two small
windows and one door in its fifty foot
front. Painted on its front in crude letter-
ing was the name of the company. On one
side of it was a huge square tent which
was a barroom and dance hall. On the
other was a low, flat roofed frame struc-
ture which was closed to the street.
Sounds of high revel came from it, how-
ever, and streams of men were passing in
and out its wide door.
  They led their horses down the alley
alongside the Ivers building. There was
a platform for loading machinery toward
the rear of the building. They tied their
horses, and came around to go in the
front door.
  A group of men were talking in the
small space in front of a counter. In the
rear of the counter long lines of shelves
held all sorts of tools, and further to the
rear heavy machinery could be seen—
pumps and other oil equipment.
  “Where can we find Mr. Ivers?” asked
Tex.
THE DUKE AND THE DUCATS
13
  The six men looked the two flyers over
leisurely. Finally one of them jerked his
finger toward a stairway on one side.
  “Upstairs,” he said briefly.
  As they mounted the stairs Daly heard
them whispering more or less excitedly.
  “We certainly do create attention,” he
told Tex. “Damned if I’m not beginning
to believe there’s something more here
than meets the eye!”
  “Here we are!” stated MacDowell.
  AT THE front of the floor, which was
mainly given up to the storage of
blankets, cots, and lighter equip-
ment, was a partition which extended the
full width of the building. There were
two doors, one marked “office”. It was
open, and Daly could see a very fat man
bending over a desk.
  “Hello, Mr. Ivers,” Tex said from the
doorway, and the man turned around
ponderously.
  He lumbered to his feet, and shook
hands. His fat face expanded in a smile,
and his eyes receded to mere pinpoints as
the flesh gathered around them. He was
bald headed, and wore eyeglasses, and
must have weighed a full three hundred
pounds, Duke thought. He was six
feet tall, at least, and about that big
around.
  “This is Mr. Daly,” Tex introduced
them. Ivers’ grip was hard and firm.
   “Well, well, it’s been fifteen years since
I’ve seen you, Lee,” Ivers remarked as he
pulled a bottle from his desk and took out
some tumblers. “Have a drink.”
  Daly had a sudden shock as he saw
Ivers in profile. The fat, jovial counte-
nance seemed to change. His nose
curved slightly, and his cheekbones were
very high. He 'seemed almost with-
out eyes, from the side, too. There
was strength and aggressiveness in his
profile.
  As he turned to pass them the drinks
he was not smiling. Because of the layers
of fat around his eyes they gave the effect
of gray slits of light set very far back in
his head, peering forth from protecting
flesh. It was like another and vastly
different personality, wearing that body
as a blind.
  “He’s sure looking me over plenty,”
Daly thought.
  Ivers was darting quick looks at him
constantly, while talking personalities
with MacDowell.
  “Well, Mr. Ivers,” Tex said finally,
“The Duke here and I have our ears out
a foot to find out what the hell’s up and
why we’re here.”
  Ivers leaned back in his chair, his hands
folded over his huge paunch. There was
silence in the barren office. Its only
furniture was the desk, three straight
chairs, and a filing cabinet. From the
street came the ceaseless drone of the
milling crowds, shot through with music
and ribald laughter and shouting. Daly
was quiet and at ease, and he smoked a
cigaret with his eyes on the ceiling as he
felt Ivers’ eyes boring into him.
  “Well, Lee,” Ivers said’ finally, “I
needed assistance because I’ve been a
business man all my life and I realize my
limitations. First, the general situation
you know pretty well. This is unique
among oil towns because there was no
nucleus of a town here—no substantial
organized local element. It’s a collection
of six or seven thousand hardbitten oil
men, adventurers, highjackers, and thugs
both male and female, thrown together
from half a dozen oil centers. There’s no
organization, but there will be one to-
morrow. In general, it’s dog eat dog, and
every man for himself.”
  “He talks like an educated man,” Daly
thought as he listened.
  Ivers’ voice was throaty, almost wheezy,
but his words were pronounced clearly and
correctly, and with deliberation.
  “Now then,” Ivers went on, “I saw the
possibilities of the field before the first well
came in. I laid my plans for this busi-
ness, and got half of the capital from your
father. When the first well hit I had a
fleet of trucks on the way, machinery
shipped the next day, and was installed
in this building almost before the world
knew there was a boom. And a right tidy
business it is, too. There isn’t a dollar’s
14
THOMSON BURTIS
worth of goods on these floors that isn’t
sold, and there are carloads on the way
that were sold before they were shipped.
  “I wasn’t satisfied, though. I did
something I seldom do, with your father’s
approval. Of course you know that he
and I have done business, as partners and
opponents both, for twenty-five years.
The old hellion has beat me out of a for-
tune when we were against each other!
I think he trusts my judgment, however.
I invested twenty-two thousand dollars
for us both in acreage, all bought from
Mexicans and negroes in small lots. It’s
right here.”
  He took out a blueprint of the field.
It was divided into a thousand areas,
small and large, and he pointed to a sec-
tion north east of town which was plainly
marked, “Ivers’ acreage”.
  “It looked good then, and wonderful
now,” Ivers continued. “The first well,
Derringer Number 1, was a mile away.
But the fault formation and all indica-
tions pointed to it being good stuff.
Derringer himself had corraled all the
acreage around his wildcat. Another well
was being sunk, offset from our acreage,
which was proving up. Since then—it’s
Thomas Number l,*here—it’s come in for
ten thousand barrels of high grade oil.
  “Right now this acreage, leased at from
fifty to two hundred dollars an acre, is
worth in round numbers from a thousand
an acre up. There are wells in, or looking
good, all around it. Not thirty thousand
barrel ones, but good ones. I should say
your dad’s holdings and mine could be
sold tomorrow for a hundred thousand.”
  “It does look as though you were a good
business man,” Tex observed. “What’s
the trouble?”
  “Just this. As I said, this acreage was
leased, got on option, and otherwise
secured from individual Mexican and
negro farmers, all ignorant. Now the
situation is this: Derringer—Slats Der-
ringer, driller of the original well—had
scared and forced and bribed these twenty
small owners to swear that they were
forced by my agents to sell their leases—
coerced into deals they didn’t want to
make. Every damn’ one of them has been
forced by Derringer to repudiate their
agreements with me, and to make new
ones, at a slightly higher price with a small
percentage of the profits, to him.”
  “Well I’ll be damned,” Tex said softly,
and looked at the immobile Daly.
  Daly was listening closely, but said
nothing.
  “You see where we are. Twenty-two
thousand sunk. If those landholders
stick to their story, the land will event-
ually belong to Derringer, and we’re
stuck. He’ll fight forever, and has' (he
money to do it. The best that could
happen is to have it go years in the courts
—and everybody lose. As far as profits
are concerned, we’re tied tighter than a
drum. By the time it’s settled, even if
it’s in our favor, we’ll have spent thou-
sands, the pool will probably be drained,
and the oil under our property will have
seeped away and produced from offset
wells. Any way you take it, we’re
stuck.”
  “Who is this Derringer, and how does
he get away with it?” asked Daly.
  “There,” stated Mr. Ivers impressively,
“is the nub of the whole proposition.
He’s the man we’ve got to tangle with,
and beat.”
  He took out a stogie, and lighted it
with deliberation. He settled back in his
ch?ir again, and started talking directly
to Daly.
  “Slats Derringer has been a big driller
for years—sometimes twenty rigs in a
field. He’s made a lot of money, one way
or another, and he’s the smartest inde-
pendent oil operator this far south. He
came in here from Mexico and drilled
this wildcat. He started tying up acre-
age before he brought her in. When he
did that, that was my cue to get ready
for business. That’s what I think of his
judgment.
  “No sooner had he hit oil than he
brought into this town about five hun-
dred men he knew. Most of ’em had
worked for him. Others were friends.
He had roughnecks, [drillers, dive keep-
ers—a Derringer mob gathered from a
THE DUKE AND THE DUCATS
15
dozen fields and former boom towns.
He’s got money himself, and I think
two Dallas men are backing him to the
limit. There seems to be no limit to his
capital.
  “The result of all this is easy to see.
Before this town was well under way
Derringer owned more than half the good
looking acreage, bought for a song, and,
his organized mob, growing every day
was running things. We’ve got no
officials yet, nominally, but actually Slats
runs the works. He isn’t particular about
how, either. If he wants machinery, he
takes it, pays for it, although it’s price-
less at this time, and asks the real owner
what the hell he’s going to do about it.
His friends own the principal dives—and
other saloon keepers are liable to find
their places of business wrecked if they
don’t throw in on Derringer’s side. To-
morrow he’ll be elected chief cook and
bottlewasher of the town, be the head of
the vigilantes or whatever the law’ll be,
and be officially in office. He is the high •
muckymuck, the political boss, the rich-
est man, the most active driller, the
biggest owner of acreage, and all the rest
of the works. I’m telling you the truth
when I say that I* have been forced to
give him machinery which was sold to
somebody else three times. I tried to
hold out once—and that was enough.”
  “He sounds,” drawled Tex, “like what
might be called a worthy foeman.”
  “And a crooked one. He’s the boy that
owns our acreage now. Naturally those
negroes and spigs are scared to death of
him. There isn’t a chance that they’ll
ever throw in on our—the right—
side.”
  “He aims to be the king of the field,
eh?” asked Daly.
  “Exactly. And he will be. The big
companies are watching, waiting a bit
longer for the field to prove itself, before
stepping in and taking it over. Slats Der-
ringer wants to be kingpin of a field in
full operation, from pumping stations to
loading racks, and to turn it over for a
healthy few million and retire, I guess.
He has ambitions to be a new oil king,
and I guess he will be. It’s a cinch that
he’ll take his pick of everything—and any-
thing he wants and can’t get will be quite
a burden to its owner.”
  “Tex got to his feet as though im-
patient for action. His brown hair,
usually neatly parted, was now down over
his eyes and he pushed it back.
  “Well, where do we come in?”
  “In the first place, there’s no use right
now of even thinking of bucking Der-
ringer. There wouldn’t be a chance. I
am outwardly good friends with him,
laughing off what he’s done by the old oil
field motto of getting away with what
you can. I acknowledge myself out-
witted, so to speak, and he is one of my
best customers, of course. Any day, how-
ever, he’ll be around to take over this
business and hire me to run it for him.
Wait and see.
  “However, I do think that we ought to
do this. Get at least a part of our legiti-
mate profit out of the acreage, some
way or other and then sell it to him at
what we paid for it—which he’s willing to
give. And it’s worth a hundred thousand!
That is, he’ll give the original owners the
money, if they need it, to return your
father and me what we paid them.”
  He stopped talking, and took a medi-
tative drag on his cigar.
  “I forgot to mention another string to
his bow,” he went on finally. “He also
owns the biggest gambling house in town,
right next door here.”
  Those impersonal eyes were suddenly
gleaming as they rested on the Duke’s
emotionless countenance.
  “He sure has got this town tied up!”
Tex drawled.
  “That is, he backs it,” Ivers said. “A
gambler named Draw One Donnelly, last
from Smackover, runs it for him. Oper-
ated in Tia Juana and Havana before
hitting the oilfields. But I know abso-
lutely that it’s Derringer’s money. He’s
getting the dinero out of this field from
all directions.”
  “Well, I don’t know. That’s why
you’re here. When I give you proof of the
fact that Derringer has openly robbed us
16
THOMSON BURTIS
of seventy-five thousand dollars, prob-
ably you’ll agree with me that we needn’t
be too honest about our own methods of
getting it back. As a matter of fact, he’s
a crook every way. Even his gambling
games—when there are big players—are
crooked.”
  Suddenly Tex threw back his head and
laughed. Daly grinned, and Ivers per-
mitted himself a smile.
  “I know that from a friend of mine who
got taken for plenty. When a man or
men, new rich oil men or whoever they
may be, are live wires who want to play
real poker with no limit, they’re taken to
a private room where a house man,
Donnelly himself, presides. There are
always enough men to make up the game.
Two men—Donnelly and a confederate
whom the sucker does not know is a con-
federate—are sure to be there. If there
aren’t any other customers—and there
usually are, a couple of supposed custom-
ers wander in. They’re house men too.
The net of the proposition is that any
man is playing against from two to four
men working together—raising and re-
raising each other and all that. It won’t
take you ten minutes, with this tip, to
discover the truth of it yourselves. Often
Derringer himself takes a hand—he loves
poker. He’s as crooked as his house.
Whenever he isn’t too busy he spends his
evenings that way.”
  “He sure is a versatile boy,” Tex said
thoughtfully.
  “Surely is,” agreed Ivers. “I thought
that perhaps you fellows might like to go
into the gambing house, play a while, and
look Derringer over. I’ve got a telegram
here from your father—he realizes that
we may have to spend money to get our
money back—saying that he’ll put up his
half of whatever amount I decide is
necessary. We’ll pretend that you’re able
to lose plenty—and let you size up Der-
ringer, prove to yourselves he’s a damned
crook, and—”
  “Say, listen,” Tex interrupted, and the
silent Daly could see he was afire with
excitement. “Suppose we do that. Sup-
pose we prove to ourselves that he’s a
crooked card player as well as a crook
every other way. Duke, what’s wrong in
our fighting fire with fire, and crooking
him right back? Gj^ln there and play
square poker, of course, losing money
deliberately until we’re sure we’re being
rooked. Then go right back at ’em!”
  For a moment there was silence. Then
Ivers leaned forward.
  “That’s a possible idea,” he said
crisply. “And I’m calculating on risking
ten thousand dollars for my share. My
check is good for twenty, to make up
Bill’s share. Maybe more—say fifteen
thousand a piece. I don’t know—”
  “If he’s so powerful, it seems like the
best way to me!” MacDowell said slowly.
“After, of course, we’re dead certain that
we’re only fighting fire with fire.”
  There was a queer feeling within Daly.
For some reason he could not accept the
situation as anything but totally unreal—
a dream. Suddenly he leaned forward.
  “Mr. Ivers, would you be willing to
trust the playing of all that money to
Tex and me?”
  Ivers played with his watch chain, and
did not look up as he replied:
  “His father thinks Tex a fine poker
player, and you have that reputation—”
“From whom?”
  Ivers raised his eyes. Daly was tense.
“From Tex, originally, and from his
father to me.”
  Daly relaxed slightly. Then Ivers did
not know that, he had been forced into
crooked gambling, years before, by an
older man, when starvation was close
upon him. And that he had been one of
the most successful of the card men, be-
cause of his youth and breeding. Then
he laughed at himself. How could Ivers
know anything like that?
“ARE THESE them Army officers?”
/-A It was a voice from the door-
way. A tall, very thin, very
hard looking man, his blond hair-tousled
and his chin covered with a thin beard,
was standing there. His hard gray eyes
rested on Ivers.
  “Yes,” Iversanswered, studying theman.
THE DUKE AND THE DUCATS
17
  “I got a note for you,” the stranger in-
formed the flyers, and handed it to Daly,
who was nearest hun.
  It was brief and w'the point.
     Mind your own business and don’t interfere
   with anything while you’re in this town. As
   long as you do that, you’ll be all right.
  Daly handed it to Ivers, his eyes on the
messenger. As the man started to go
Daly jumped forward. He spun the
stranger around, and their faces were very
close together.
  “Who sent that note?” he demanded
evenly.
  “I was told not to tell,” grinned the
man impudently.
  “But you will tell—now.”
  The roughneck pushed his hair back
from his eyes. His gimlet eyes gleamed
with sardonic mirth as he repeated
mockingly:
  “No, I won’t tell—now. None of my
business. I’m jest a messenger.”
  Daly’s mind was made up in a split
second. What was on the schedule for
Verona during the next twenty-four hours
he did not know. He did know that he
resented, personally and officially, the
attitude of Verona toward himself and
Tex. And that the more they knew the
better they would be off.
  Again the bearer of the threat turned
to go, a mocking grin on his bony face.
Daly, tight lipped but self-controlled,
spun him around again.
  “Hey, who do you think—” the man
started nastily, but he stopped suddenly.
  A Colt was pressed against his shoulder,
and Daly’s gray eyes were not easy to
look into.
  “You’re going to tell what you know
right now,” Daly said with an equanimity
which was more venomous than rage
would have been. “You’re going to do it
within thirty seconds. If you don’t, I’m
going to shoot you right through that
shoulder of yours. If you don’t tell then,
you’re going to be taken to Laredo, and
sweated until you do. You’re not going
to get out of this room alone. This may
be Verona, but we’re not afraid of you or
your boss. Now, damn you, think while
I count ten!”
  Daly was utterly sincere, and he left
no doubt of what he meant to do. Ivers
was as though paralyzed. Tex, standing
behind Daly, said nothing.
  Slowly Daly counted. The man's
cockiness disappeared like magic. He was
like a rat in a trap.
  As the count reached five, very slowly,
his eyes remained frozen to Daly’s. At
seven his mouth was open, and there was
desperation in his eyes. At nine the in-
exorable Daly, mouth a thin, cruel line,
was snarling the word down into his
face.
  “At ten I shoot,” he said quietly, “and
here goes.”
  “Don’t shoot!”
  The man’s nerve broke.
  “It was Jed Conklin and Barny
Opper!” he half shouted. “They told me
to bring it here.”
  “Why? Do you know? Talk!”
  The man looked as though he had
started to pet a house cat, and it had
turned into a lion.
  “Jed Conklin!” Ivers said slowly.
“What’s he up to?”
  “I don’t know,” the man said earnestly.
“Except that there’s somethin’ up.”
“Tomorrow?” demanded Tex.
  “No, tonight! Does that satisfy you?
That’s all I know. Lemme go now, huh?
I’d git killed by Barny Opper if he knew
I told—”
  “Go ahead,” Daly told him, and the
man left, head down in humiliation.
  “Couldn’t depend on the truth of what
he said, anyhow,” Daly commented
easily. “I guess I did the right thing.
Mr. Conklin, it appears, had important
plans afoot, and our safety is none too
sure, Tex. Know him, Mr. Ivers?”
“Sure,” Ivers said absently. He got up
and began pacing the floor thoughtfully.
“He’s Derringer’s only rival, and about
half as strong. He wants to run the town
too. He hasn’t got a chance. Derringer
has stolen his stuff, and fought him tooth
and nail to drive him to the wall. Jed,
you might say, represents the better
18
THOMSON BURTIS
element, although nobody likes him.
Nasty chap—”
  “He’s sure acting very funny,” Tex
remarked. “As though he was going to
pull off a big job. Listen to this.”
  As Tex told briefly the events of the
afternoon which concerned Conklin, Ivers
stood motionless, his fat legs spread
widely and his face without a trace of ex-
pression. The flesh seemed to fold more
tightly around his eyes, however, until
that impression of a stranger looking forth
from the flesh which disguised him became
more powerful than ever.
  When MacDowell had finished Ivers
scratched his head absently. Daly
thought that he was much more im-
pressed than he seemed to be. Before
saying a word he made one slow turn of
the room, his head down in thought.
  “Jed’s got something up his sleeve,
sure as hell,” he said finally in that
throaty wheeze. He seemed to be trying
to digest the possibilities in the situation.
“Of course, most of this town don’t give
a damn. There are two organized mino-
rities—Derringer’s and Jed’s. Derrin-
ger’s is stronger. The rest of the town’ll
just be satisfied with whatever happens.
Jed aims to have things happen this way.
He’s got a coup prepared, and he wants
no law in the shape of patrolmen, or any
other brand of it. Well, I’ll be damned.
So the little rooster’s laid a trap of some
sort—”
  He ceased talking, and resumed his
walk. Daly thought that he was con-
siderably exercised over the situation for
a man who had little interest one way or
the other.
  “Of course he has—he hates Der-
ringer,” he reminded himself. Aloud he
said:
  “Funny situation, isn’t it? Here you
hate Derringer and we’re planning to rook
him plenty. At the same time, we’re in
a sort of feud with our principal ally,
although he doesn’t know it.”
  Ivers nodded, his fleshy face blank.
“Well,” he said abruptly. “Let’s get
set on this poker business.”
  He sat down, but his heart did not
seem to be in the project as it had been.
  “Just for your own information,” he
said absently, “here are the papers show-
ing Bill and I the legal owners of this
acreage. Within ten or fifteen minutes
you’ll find the game crooked. That’s
certain.”
 Daly and Tex examined the papers
casually. There was no doubt of their
genuineness.
  “Now,” Ivers said, “how do you plan
to work things? As I said, I’m a babe in
arms along that line, although I’ve
played a little small poker. Inasmuch as
you’re going to be playing with ten
thousand dollars of mine, I’m naturally
interested in the modus operandi.”
  Duke noted that Latin phrase. Mr.
Henry Ivers was evidently a man of
parts. He was becoming more and more
interested in the past of this merchant of
the frontier who betrayed education and
experience aside from that gained in such
places as the Yukon and the Texas
border.
  MacDowell looked over at Daly, and
Ivers’ eyes also seemed to gravitate in the
direction of the slim blond young man
with the youthful face.
  “I think we’d better forget crooked
stud dealing,” Daly said evenly, “except
as an occasional thing. It would spoil
our draw game to sit side by side, and
perhaps I can get away with an occasional
stud hand unassisted. Now on draw we’d
better have at least three sets of signals,
change them every ten hands, and per-
haps we can get away with our share of
the boodle. If there’s an innocent outsider
in the game, we’ll return his money
afterward.”
  He described the signals in detail, and
for fifteen minutes various matters which
might arise were taken up. Henry Ivers
sat there, immobile and expressionless,
but his eyes were very bright.
  “Well,” he said finally, getting up from
his chair, “let’s get you boys a quick bite
to eat and then let you go to it. While
you’re eating I’ll fix up a twenty thousand
dollar credit—no, I believe I’ll make it
thirty thousand. That game’s liable to
THE DUKE AND THE DUCATS
19
be very big. What a dumb-bell I am—I
never thought of this dodge—and Bill
talking about Lee’s poker playing for
four years!”
A HALF hour later Ivers got them at
the hot dog stand where they had
^ eaten, and was escorting them
into the door of Donnelly’s. Facing the
door, and only ten feet from it, was a long
bar with four bartenders at work. At one
end of it there was a door, and over the
low partition dividing the shallow bar-
room from the rear there came the never
ending, unmistakable sound of many men
gambling. Waiters were very busy,
purveying to the back room.
  Ivers led them through the door.
Daly’s eyes took in the scene quickly.
There were at least twenty-five tables
scattered over the huge structure, each
in charge of a house man with an eye-
shade over his eyes. Klondike, twenty-
one, roulette, stud and draw poker, faro,
keno—all were there. In the rear of the
room two huge green crap tables were
surrounded by a throng of men. In the
center of the room a barred cashier’s cage
held three men—one cashier and two
guards, both armed’ with sawed off shot-
guns as well as revolvers.
  “You’ll play upstairs,” Ivers told
them. “Here’s Donnelly now. See that
man standing by the crap tables—the
tallest one? That’s Derringer. I think
he’ll play with you, if he has time.
Mr. Donnelly, this is Mr. MacDowell and
Mr. Daly.”
  Duke Daly had seen a thousand of
Donnelly’s type. He was of medium
height, slightly bald, carefully dressed,
and his smooth, fleshy face held a
speciously genial smile while cool black
eyes mirrored no emotion whatever. His
grip was neither strong nor weak. He
looked like a carefully groomed denizen
of a city underworld. His mouth was full
lipped, and bracketed in two very deep
wrinkles.
  “I’ve heard of your father,” he told
MacDowell. “Glad to know you. Mr.
Ivers here has said that he stands be-
hind you for any amount, and I guess you
want a real game, eh?”
  His smile seemed to convey admiration
for two real gamblers.
  “That’s us,” Tex said with a grin.
“We’ve got some money, and crave
action.”
  “We have a private room upstairs,”
Donnelly told them. “Over there is Mr.
Derringer. He’s willing to play—one of
the wealthiest men in town—and a rich
little lease hound named Dave Harris, who
likes a good game. I’m going to play
myself, to fill out the game and because
I crave action, personally.”
  Again that wide, oily smile, which did
not change those hard eyes. Daly felt
the fundamental coldness and calculation
in the man.
  “Of course,” he went on with apparent
frankness, “our usual house cut of five
per cent, deducted from all stacks bought,
will be in order. That’s mild for this
racket, don’t you think?”
  Daly nodded, Donnelly seemed to be
talking mostly to him, despite the fact
that he had said nothing. His eyes
rested persistently on the Duke, as though
trying to figure him out. It was almost as
though he sensed a familiar something
about him which puzzled him. Daly
thought back to the old days, and was
certain, however, that he had never run
across Mr. Draw One Donnelly. Possibly
Donnelly had seen him, however, or
heard of him. The change in the flyer’s
face,: due to the operation, frequently
puzzled people who had known him
well.
  “Let’s go up,” suggested Donnelly.
“I’ll get Slats and Dave right now.”
  “I’m leaving you,” Ivers said. “I’ll be
in my office when you get through. Sure
Derringer is going to play, eh? Well,
good luck!”
  He smiled a very wide and beaming
smile, and waddled out of the noisy,
smoke filled room.
  “We play against three,” Daly said in
low tones as Donnelly went after Der-
ringer. “They’ll be doing a whole lot of
raising just on their weight of money
20
THOMSON BURTIS
against us. It looks like never quitting
on good hands for us, always providing
Ivers was right.”
  Tex nodded. Both had their eyes on
Derringer, who was walking toward
them. He was taller even than Mac-
Dowell, who was six feet two, and his
lank body was slim and bony looking.
His face was long and thin,’the brow high
and craglike over deep set, fierce looking
eyes. His bold nose curved over a thin,
almost lipless mouth, and his cheeks were
so hollow that his face was merely
leathery skin stretched tightly over the
protruding bones. His iron gray hair
grew to a point over his forehead, and it
stood straight up in a high pompadour,
like a topknot.
  His piercing blue eyes darted quick
glances at the two flyers, and he shook
hands with crisp strength.
  “Glad to know you,” he said tersely,
his voice deep and harsh. “I may not be
able to play long, but others will happen
in. I hate to break up a game.”
  “Dave’ll be right up,” Donnelly in-
formed them, and led the way up narrow
stairs.
HE SECOND floor room was de-
voted exclusively to card games,
all played with silent intentness.
These, evidently, were big players. They
were of various types, but leaned mostly
to older men whose clothing subtly indi-
cated their higher positions in the Ver-
ona scheme of things. Daly thought that
most of them were owners, or technical
men. He did not see one man who looked
like a roughneck or small salaried tool
pusher or driller.
  The room which they were to use was
not a room, really—it was rather one of
a series of alcoves, separated from each
other by rude partitions. The side toward
the main room was wide open.
  Harris arrived as they were sitting
down. He was a small, consumptive
looking Jew, with oily black hair and a
tremendous hooked nose. He was dressed
in blue serge, and his eyes were almost
always on the ground. He was self-
possessed, and his movements were quick
as a cat.
   “He’s got every mark there is of an ex-
perienced croupier,” Daly thought.
  On a side\table Donnelly set a rack of
chips.
  “What’s you gentlemen’s idea of the
original take-out?” he inquired. His
fleshy face became more round as he
grinned. “Let’s make it a real game, eh?
Two thousand stacks?”
  “O.K.,” Daly found himself saying.
“And I should say a two thousand dollar
limit, at the outside—or table stakes.”
  “Table stakes,” rasped Derringer.
  The chips were counted out as they sat
down. Tex and Daly took chairs in the
positions they had arranged between
themselves. Donnelly was on Daly’s
right, and Harris on his left. To Harris’s
left was Derringer, and Tex was between
the oil man and Donnelly.
  “One thing we might settle,” Daly said
quietly. “Ivers guarantees our payment,
of course. What I mean is, do we get paid
off in cash?”
  “Absolutely, you fellow!” Donnelly
assured him with that pretended blithe-
ness. Derringer permitted himself a
wintry grin. Harris was expressionless,
his hands playing with his chips, stacking
them and restacking them with lightning
like speed. “What do you think we have
those guards for? There’s more than a
hundred thousand dollars cash in this
house tonight, and it’ll be a lot more be-
fore long.”
   As the first deal started five men took
seats at a table in front of the alcove, a
house man with them who dealt nothing
but stud.
   Daly settled down to the ferocious con-
centration which was one of the reasons
why he was a poker player who seldom,
if ever, lost against the average compe-
tition. The others were silent, too.
  He watched every hand like a hawk.
He wondered how much to lose, if the
game was crooked, before finally deciding
that it was. It so happened that he broke
even in the first seven hands—and that
.they told the tale.
THE DUKE AND THE DUCATS
21
  On the second hand he went in with
three tens, drawing two cards. Don-
nelly had opened for fifty dollars, and
drew one card. Derringer had stayed,
and also drew one. Donnelly bet a hun-
dred dollars, and Daly raised a hundred.
Derringer re-raised two hundred, and
Donnelly promptly re-raised a full five
hundred dollars—practically his stack.
  “Might as well find out now as any
time, cheap,” Daly thought, and called.
  As Derringer threw his hand into the
deck Daly, as though by accident, thrust
his hand forward and the cards fell face
up. A four card flush.
  “Sixes and fours,” Donnelly said sourly
as Daly showed his threes.
  “Heavy raising and re-raising on noth-
ing, believing I’d surely lay down my
threes against two raising one card
draws!” thought Daly.
  Tex looked at him questioningly. Per-
haps because he was ultrasensitive, Daly
did not give the signal to start their own
scheme of play. On the seventh hand,
however, assurance was made doubly
sure.
  This time it was Tex, who stuck stub-
bornly on kings and eights against the
raising and re-raising of three three-card
draws, until his stack disappeared as he
called a final seven hundred dollar raise,
on Derringer’s part. The other two, who
had been apparently so strong, dropped.
  Derringer had just a pair of jacks.
  “Can’t bluff a thing in this game!” he
rasped.
  “No,” thought Duke. “Not with us
knowing your racket. But when you boys
start getting some good hands, or if we
didn’t know what you were up to, how
you’d clean us!”
  He glanced at Tex, and nodded. The
crooked battle was on.
  During the first half dozen hands after
that there was little action. Neither he
nor Tex had anything to speak of, one
way or another. On the seventh hand it
was the Duke’s deal. Tex signaled a
small pair. Daly himself had a pair of
kings. No one opened, so Daly did, for
twenty-five dollars.
  Harris and Derringer both stayed,
which surprised Daly somewhat. Tex
knew what he had to do. It was a hand
where, by sheer weight of money between
them, they could probably win on
nothing.
  “Raise it fifty,” drawled Tex, “just on
prospects.”
  Daly’s eyes narrowed when Donnelly
stayed. He and Tex were playing against
three men. He had caught none of their
signals yet. Probably they were planning
to do again the same thing he and Tex
were—win by weight of combined money.
  “Knowing I’m best to go in,” Daly said
calmly, “I re-raise two hundred dollars!”
  Harris and Derringer had passed open-
ing the pot, but stayed for the raises.
  MacDowell, his big body radiating his
utter absorption in the situation and his
joy in it, surveyed his cards carefully.
Then:
  “This hand of mine is going to be
worth everything or nothing,” he an-
nounced with a grin. “I tilt her five
hundred.”
  “Same here, big boy,” said Donnelly
with that specious smile, and put in his
stack.
  Literally thousands of hours of poker,
often played under conditions where his
life itself was at stake if he slipped, had
given the Duke an uncanny intuition
where cards were concerned. His mind,
miraculously cool and clear as it always
was in emergencies, was working with
smooth, detached speed.
  “Harris might pass under the gun,” he
reflected. “You can’t figure Derringer
would pass a second hand if he had any-
thing good. Donnelly was next to last—
he wouldn’t pass anything above a pair,
certainly. They’re ganging up on us
again as sure as hell, on nothing.”
  He looked at his cards calmly. Harris’
eyes were on the table. Derringer was
showing a wolfish joy in the game, his
piercing eyes concentrating on Daly’s
face. Donnelly was sitting back in
elaborate ease.
  “You fellows are playing a lot of un-
filled straights and four card flushes,” he
THOMSON BURTIS
said casually, “and I’ll be damned if you
draw against my little openers for nothing.
Here goes my stack, if you want to draw!”
There was more than $3500 in the pot,
and he thought the raise the correct
strategy. There could be no more betting
after the draw—all stacks would be ex-
hausted, and it was table stakes.
  Harris threw in his cards, as did Der-
ringer and Tex. Daly tensed as Donnelly
stayed.
  “How many?” he asked.
  There was no use of disguising his hand.
Donnelly had passed, next to last man,
and betting was over- Daly took three.
  “Three myself. And I still have what
I went in with—a pair of aces.”
  Daly silently laid down a pair of kings.
“You win, and a good hand at that,”
he said evenly.
  He avoided meeting MacDowell’s eyes.
Donnelly had stood all that raising and
re-raising, for big money, on a pair of aces.
It was too uncanny to believe, almost,
or else Donnelly was the poorest poker
player alive. He couldn’t have played
more perfectly if he had known what
Daly’s hand was.
 “And of course the cards aren’t
marked!” Daly thought fiercely as he
said calmly:
  “I think I’ll take a five thousand dollar
stack this time.”
  In three more hands signals would
change. Did those men, by any possi-
bility, know the signals between Tex and
himself? They were using fingers to
signal their hand—pair, two pairs, threes,
straight, and so on, and voice inflections
to indicate the value of the combinations.
  The next three hands produced nothing
sensational. The table was a pool of
silence amid the drone of the room. The
five men at the next table, before the
door, were a bit more noisy than any one
else.
  Daly smelled a rat somewhere. That
Donnelly play was unbelievable. After
the signals changed, to eyes and a method
of folding up cards after looking at them,
he felt more confidence. Twice during
the next few hands the three Verona
gamblers bet fairly high against mediocre
hands on the part of the airmen, but no
signals could be detected.
  Then there came a hand, with Mac-
Dowell dealing, on which Tex signaled
three queens before the draw. Donnelly
opened. Daly raised, on nothing, to help
make a pot for Tex. Harris re-raised five
hundred dollars. MacDowell hesitated,
and finally just stayed.
  “Up one thousand!” Donnelly an-
nounced, his eyes darting around the
table. .
  Daly dropped, as did Harris, and Mac-
Dowell stayed. Donnelly drew two cards,
and Tex the same number. MacDowell’s
eyes rose from his cards, and gazed long
at the ceiling while he meditatively blew
a smoke ring—two of them. He had
caught a small pair for a queen full.
  “Check,” Donnelly snapped, and Mac-
Dowell bet a thousand dollars.
  “Good,” Donnelly said viciously, and
threw his cards into the deck.
  “Openers?” Daly said earnestly, and
turned the hand.
  Donnelly had thrown down three aces
against a two card draw, on a not un-
usual sized bet for that game.
  “That poker is too smart for me,” Daly
thought slowly, and he could fairly feel
MacDowell’s eyes burning into him.
“These birds know our signals!”
  He did the thing agreed upon between
Tex and himself in case they should want
to change them in an emergency. He
borrowed a cigaret from the Southerner.
Four hands after their change in signals
the three Verona men tangled with them,
and when the storm had blown over Tex
and Daly had lost four thousand dollars
between them, forcing two pairs—and
they had lost to aces up in Harris’ hand.
Once again the poker was too uncanny.
  “That was a ringtailed snorter,” Daly
remarked without emotion. “I’m going
to stretch my legs and get a drink before
the next hand. Deal me out if you want
to.”
  “I think I’ll imbibe one myself.”
drawled Tex. “Anybody else?”
  “Oh, Slats, I want to see you a minute.”
THE DUKE AND THE DUCATS
23
   It was a short, stalwart man in puttees,
breeches and an oilstained hat. Derringer
went aside with him while the two flyers
went downstairs to the bar. Mac-
Dowell was furious.	I
  “They know our signals,” Daly said
shortly.
! “Of course they do! That means that
Henry Ivers told ’em. He got us into
this—why, the son of a gun worked it so
that we suggested it ourselves! It
means—”
“May mean several things,” Daly cut
in incisively. “We can’t stay away too
long. We’re ten thousand out between us.”
“There must be a way to get these
birds!” Tex interrupted savagely.
  “We can try this, and quit when we’re
even if we feel like it. There might be a
big pot, if we’re in luck, before they get
wise. Listen.”
  It took but a few seconds to explain.
They were back at the table within two
minutes, and Daly announced easily:
“Well, we’ve had a council of war and
we decided we couldn’t make money
without money. How about eight thou-
sand more apiece, Mr. Donnelly?”
  “There speaks a man after my own
heart!” Donnelly chuekled, his fat face
beaming with artificial geniality. “Fif-
teen thousand each, and everything is
hotsy totsy. How about the rest of us
getting our stacks even, eh? I’ve got
more than that myself. Dave, you’re
not up to that and neither are you,
Slats.”
  All agreed while the Duke thought—
  “All set for bigger killings.”
WHILE the chips were being count-
ed, another man entered and called
Derringer aside for a talk. For a
moment Derringer seemed to hesitate.
Then—
  “I'll play a few more hands, and then
I'll be there,” he said harshly.
  Daly studied him curiously. That
hawklike face was as rugged as a bleak
cliff. Tall and thin and bony, there
was a sort of natural ferocity, under
iron control, obvious in him. He was
playing with .wolfish enjoyment in the
game.
  During the next three hands it became
more obvious that the three were playing
together, if more evidence was needed.
When they were in a pot together, without
either flyer in it, they played without
interest and called the first small bet on
good hands. They had no interest in
winning.
  On the fifth hand after the interruption
Daly opened his cards warily. His face
did not change in the slightest as he
looked down at an ace full. The time had
arrived.
  He signaled Tex a pair of queens, using
the first system of signals. The new set,
which their three opponents could not
possibly know, indicated his real hand.
Tex signaled nothing, by both systems.
The Verona men figured that one pair was
all they had between them.
  It was Harris’ deal, and Derringer,
luckily, opened. Tex raised him one
hundred dollars.
  “They’ll figure we’re off on a raise and
re-raise thing or nothing, and will be out
to get us,” Daly assured himself. His
heart was pounding. His eyes, though,
had that film dropped across them, and
his face never changed.
  Donnelly just stayed, and Daly raised
five hundred. Harris and Derringer
came in.
  “They’re set to take our bluff!” Daly
thought, and as he darted a look at
MacDowell that towering gentleman was
a picture of utter bliss.
  He re-raised, and it went on, Daly and
MacDowell doing all the reraising, until
each man had put four thousand dollars
into the pot. It was time to strike, and it
was Harris who did it after a look at
Donnelly.
  “I’ve just been sitting around saying
nothing on the best hand,” he mumbled.
“Now she really goes up for them that
wants to draw. Here goes my stack!”
  It wasn’t quite his stack, but it was
enough to exhaust the four thousand odd
dollars which the flyers had in front of
them.
24
THOMSON BURTIS
  “Good poker,” Daly thought to him-
self. “That would stop us, if we had
nothing.”
  Derringer stayed, MacDowell dropped
regretfully, and Donnelly stayed, assur-
ing the table that he was sorry he couldn’t
raise forever.
  “Here’s mine,” Daly said quietly, and
he could see their faces mirror utter
amazement.
  His hand won after the draw without
competition. The highest hand between
the three which was shown was Harris’
openers—kings and threes—and they
had staked twenty-four thousand dollars
between them.
  MacDowell lighted a cigaret and
hummed a little tune. His eyes were
pools of light. The pot had put the air-
men more than ten thousand to the good,
net.
  Daly was tense, watching the taut
players like a hawk. They were com-
pletely baffled. They must realize that
their game was gone, probably, unless
they just had better luck. They no longer
knew the signals of their opponents.
What would be the next move?
  During the next two hands there was
none. The table was silent as the grave,
each man playing as though life itself was
at stake. The stud players at the next
table were growing noisier.
  Donnelly, all traces of joviality gone
now, shuffled the cards. He shoved
them to Tex to cut.
  “The hell I did!” shouted a man at the
next table.
  As Donnelly picked up the cut cards a
huge, roughly dressed player rose to his
feet.
  “I’ll cut your heart out!” he shouted,
and table and chips crashed to the floor.
  In a second there was a wild melee
while the rest of the room watched. For just
an instant Daly’s eyes, like every one’s
else, was on the battle. Immediately,
however, his mind was back on the game.
He did not look around, but unless he was
badly mistaken there was at least an even
chance that Draw One Donnelly had
switched decks in the excitement. He
thought he had seen something from the
corner of his eyes.
  “Got a cold deck to use in emergen-
cies!” Daly thought swiftly.
  The battle was over in a moment. The
men left amid the hoots of the onlookers.
  “It was staged,” Daly reflected.
  He was on his feet, helping pick up
chips. He caught MacDowell’s eye, and
the Texan came over to him.
  “I think they switched decks,” Daly
said swiftly. “Play it. Maybe we can
figure something, and if we can’t I’ll have
Donnelly searched if we have to pull
guns!”
  After a moment of general excitement,
the room was quiet again and they went
back to the table.
  “Just a bunch o’ drunks,” Donnelly
said. “Well, here we go, boys. You cut
them, MacDowell.”
  Complete quiet settled over the alcove.
It was a world of its own. Daly had never
looked at a poker hand with such burning
interest as he did at these five subtly fresh
feeling cards which he opened.
  He was looking at three kings, a six
and a seven. He was thinking:
  “If it’s a cold hand, they won’t dare be
too crude. The hands’ll be completed on
the draw.”
  He looked at Tex. The Southener was
signaling a ten full. He had a pat hand.
Instantly Daly’s mind was made up.
But which man was to beat them, and
did he have his hand pat?
  “Pass,” he said briefly.
  There was no surprise on the part of
any one. He was first under the gun.
Harris passed, as did Derringer.
  “It wouldn’t be Donnelly who’d beat
us; it would be one of the others. He’s
dealing,” Daly thought.
  Tex opened for a hundred dollars.
Donnelly studied his cards regretfully.
He passed. One man out. Daly raised
it five hundred dollars. Harris stayed,
and Derringer dropped.
  The thin little Jew, eyes on the f table
and hands playing ceaselessly with his
cards, smoked his cigaret in nervous
puffs. Never had Daly felt such mounting
THE DUKE AND THE DUCATS
25
excitement in a card game. The
players were stooped over the table, and
Derringer, especially, seemed as though
he were drawn to the game by terrific
magnetic attraction which would not let
him leave although he should want to.
The clatter of the crowded room, the noise
from below, the drone of the swarming
streets—all were forgotten by the young
flyer as he mapped out his plan of
campaign.
  Tex MacDowell was right on the spot.
  “Derringer’s leaving, it’s getting late,
so let’s make this pot a good one,” he
drawled, his voice vibrant. “Up a
thousand.”
  “And two,” Daly said unemotionally.
  Harris’ opaque black eyes darted
toward Donnelly.
  “I ain’t backin’ down,” he said huskily.
“And five, if that’s the way you feel.”
  MacDowell studied his cards.
  “I don’t mind admitting I’ve got all I’m
ever going to get,” he said nonchalantly.
“I’ll just stay, I guess.”
  “Not me. The size of your stack,
Harris,” said the Duke.
  Harris threw away his cigaret and
lighted another in two lightning like
movements.
  “O.K.”
  Daly looked over at MacDowell. Did
the Texan plumb his plan? Of course he
would stay. He must—
  He did.
 The Duke pushed his chair back
slightly. His eyes were on Donnelly.
There were two possibilities in Harris’
hand. One that he had an unbeatable
pat hand, and had passed in the full
knowledge that Tex would open. This
seemed scarcely believable. There was
no object in disguising his hand, and it
would be suspicious for the second player
to pass up a pat hand for a raise. It
seemed more likely, in every way, that he
had a hand he would have to fill.
  “I was just taking a ride,” Daly said
easily, his eyes on Donnelly’s pasty face.
  With a quick movement he thrust his
hand into the deck. He had not been the
opener.
  “Give me five cards.”
  Donnelly’s mouth sagged open and his
face seemed to go a greenish white.
There was a grunt from Derringer, as
though somebody had hurt him cruelly
and he was trying to disguise his pain.
Harris’ eyes raised, and they glittered
like a snake’s. A sigh escaped him. It
was as though the table was surrounded
by images, each eye concentrated on the
blond young man from whose sculptured
face there looked forth those eyes of long
experience and cold competence.
  “Deal ’em, Donnelly,” he said in low
tones, and his right hand was at his side,
where the Army holster swung.
  Donnelly, for the moment, was not the
experienced gambler. His hand shook.
Without removing his eyes from Daly’s
he slowly dealt five cards.
  “One,” whispered Harris.
  He scarcely bothered to look at it.
  “Stand pat,” stated TeXr “On a ten
full.”
  Daly looked at his cards. The blood
was running hot through his veins. The
next move he knew not, but across the
table was the man who, from all the
world, he would have picked to be by his
side in an emergency like this.
  His first two cards were the fourth king
and nine of hearts. Then there was the
ace of hearts. He knew he had won.
Had he drawn but one card to his threes,
he would have filled, and the nine of
hearts would have filled the bottom of
Harris’ open end straight flush. If he
drew two, Harris would have got the ace
of hearts, which would also have filled
his hand.
  “Take all the money,” Harris said, as
though baffled.
  The table was looking at Daly as
though he were some freak of nature.
Their knowledge of the plot showed
plainly—they did not notice Tex. As
that gentleman scooped in the money—
fifteen thousand dollars of it from their
enemies—Daly’s eyes roved to Der-
ringer’s. There was what amounted to
chilly admiration there.
  But not in Donnelly’s. It seemed that
THOMSON BURTIS
there was murder in those murky depths,
so Daly wasted no time. He pushed back
his chair a little more.
  “Donnelly, and the rest of you—you
know we’re wise,” he said very slowly and
coolly. “No monkey business from now
on. This game is over here and now.
You’ve been outcrooked. I saw you
switch decks. Now listen.”
  He leaned forward, and his hand, un-
obtrusively, was on the butt of his gun.
Silence was like a wet fog over the
table.
  “Cash in our chips now, and in cash.
You don’t dare monkey with us. There
are a lot of people on the outside—and
outside of Verona—who know what we’re
here to do. If you make one false move,
your gambling dump is going on the fritz
right tonight. I’ll tell everybody in the
place about it, and have it out of business
tomorrow. If there’s anything more
ugly than just cheating, you and your
place and your friends are going to be
blown to hell tomorrow. Get that? Now
you call somebody and you get us our
money pronto or you’ll be searched for
proof within one minute publicly, and
worse than that will happen in twenty-
four hours.
  “I’m not getting tough. I’m telling
you, before you tell me something.”
  “I’m leaving. I have no idea what this
is all about.” It was Derringer’s harsh
voice. “I’ll settle tomorrow,” he went on
gruffly, and walked out of the alcove as
though leaving something very unpleasant
behind him.
  For a long moment Donnelly sat there.
The Duke felt that he could watch his
mind, like a rat in a trap, doubling and
redoubling, trying to find a way out.
Then, so suddenly that it was a shock,
the fleshy gambler relaxed, and that false
smile spread over his face.
  “You won, and won right, and you get
your money,” he said with his grin
widening. There was no trace of shame
on his face.
  Daly scarcely knew why, but he had a
feeling that Donnelly felt that it was a
loan.
A MOMENT later he and Tex were
leaning against the alcove, close
-	together. They had allowed Don-
nelly to go down after the money, finally.
The Duke was certain that it would be
forthcoming.
  “Duke, my hand,” Tex whispered as
they supposedly watched the room. “Did
we rook ’em? And how! Say, Derringer
hasn’t left yet. What are we going to do
with the dough?”
  “Inasmuch as it’s a dead cinch that
Henry Ivers is as crooked as a cork-
screw,” Daly said evenly, his eyes on the
tall oil man who was conversing earnestly
in a corner.
  “I can’t believe it,” Tex said slowly.
“Somebody may have been listening in in
that warehouse when we were talking to
Henry.”
  “He’d have been in the room behind the
office then, and how’d he get there with-
out Ivers knowing about it?”
  MacDowell’s tanned face was suddenly
set in grim lines.
  “Boy, how he worked it!” he said.
“Didn’t suggest it himself—but we fell
for his trap! Doublecrossing dad, eh, and
getting us down here to lose twenty thou-
sand or so besides all that he and Der-
ringer are rooking the old man out of in
other ways,” he ruminated, slow venom
in his voice. “If it’s true, and it sure looks
it, what a frame up it is! Maybe, to give
the old boy credit, this Slats Derringer
has something on him and forced him
to cooperate: Hank and Dad buy acreage
on a gamble, and then Ivers plays Der-
ringer’s hand and lets or helps Derringer
lie it up now that it’s valuable. They
take no chance if it wasn’t—and take no
chance of losing the acreage now that it’s
valuable. Why, that old skinflint is
probably embezzling from the business,
too—shooting machinery to Derringer,
giv ing him all the breaks, fooling with the
books—everything! And to cap it off,
he gets us down here to lose thousands
more of the old man’s good dough—”
  “It strikes me that we’d better fly that
money out of this town pronto!” Daly
said quietly. Now, the excitement of the
THE DUKE AND THE DUCATS
27
battle he had loved gone, he was as aloof
as though discussing the spending of ten
dollars. “I wonder about Ivers’ guards
for the ship.”
  “Here comes Donnelly—with the
dinero,” Tex whispered.
  The gambler had in his hands a small
bag.
  “Come back here,” he told them, and
took them into a small room. The watch-
ful flyers had counted out for them win-
nings of more than twenty-five thousand
dollars.
  “We’d better buy the bag,” grinned
MacDowell. “How much, Donnelly?”
  “Take it with my compliments,” Don-
nelly smiled back. It was a mere widen-
ing of the lips.
  “So long, many thanks—and don’t have
us fooled with,” Tex warned him. “We’ve
got a visit to make, and it isn’t far from
here. Until we get there, our hands won’t
stray far from these Colts—”
  “Good' God, Duke! Donnelly! Want
'to get out? What the hell is coming off?”
  Daly leaped to the door beside the
amazed MacDowell. A stream of men
were erupting from the stairway, and at
their head was Jed Conklin. The faded
eyes of the leathery, irascible little Texan
were alight with an almost fanatical
glow. Behind him heavily armed men
were disposing themselves around the wall
of the big room.
  “Don’t nobody be scared—you know
me—but don’t make no wrong moves
neither!”
  The dozens of gamblers sat as though
petrified. There was no fear in their
faces—rather a dazed interest in the pro-
ceedings. Donnelly brushed by the
flyers and stood in front of the door.
Over across the room Slats Derringer was
motionless as a statue. Daly, his level
eyes sweeping the room, felt that the
lantern jawed oil operator loomed like a
giant even in tljat crowd.
  Conklin was like a small gamecock,
with his sombrero on the back of his head
and his small body fairly quivering with
nervous eagerness.
  “Listen, all o’ you!” he proclaimed.
“I’m here to get Slats Derringer out o’ the
way for tomorrow, and then return ’im.
I’m electioneerin’, if you want t’ put it
that way, and I’m speakin’ my piece all
around town and doin’ other things in the
bargain.”
  He caught sight of Donnelly, and bowed
mockingly.
  “Evenin’, Draw One,” he said with
elaborate sarcasm. “You’re due for a
little vacation from these parts. Slats,
don’t you make a move or I’ll have you
hogtied in three seconds less’n nothin’.
I’ve got about three hundred o’ yore plug
uglies where they won’t do no harm fur a
day or so, and don’t forgit that.”
  “Let’s get out of his sight,” Daly
whispered, “and hear what’s going on.”
  It was like a dream, those armed men
around the walls. Evidently Conklin
had taken the downstairs part of the
house without a struggle. The stairs
were packed with curious gamblers from
the lower floor, and from without the
noise of the mob was growing louder.
  “Now git this, everybody,” Conklin
went on, pacing up and down in the
center of the room. “None of you care
much about who runs this here town, one
way or the other. You all know that
Slats Derringer’s been runnin’ it, havin’
more men, more acreage, and more
dinero that he’s stole than anybody else.
He’s even hired the only airplane so no-
body else can use it in a pinch. Yuh
don’t want no Sunday School around
here—you want fun. Now I’m tellin’
why, tomorrow everybody’s gonna git an
even break; why my men are gonna be
policin’ this town, and some other things.
I’m willin’ t’ step aside fur any man except
Slats or one of his flunkeys. And I’m
fightin’ him with his own methods. He’s
gonna be out o’ this town, with all his
crooks, until we git things set to handle
him right and proper the first trick he
pulls like the ones he’s been pullin’.
  “Y’ want t’ gamble, don’t you? Do
y’ know that Slats owns most o’ the prin-
cipal places in this town now, and that
every one of ’em is crooked? Yeah, Slats,
I’m callin’ you a card crook t’ yore face!
28
THOMSON BURTIS
Do you boys know that that crap game
downstairs ain’t right? Do you know
that the dance hall gals in Pete’s place
roll you after you git poison? How many
of you had yore tools stole, yore trucks
highjacked, and yore acreage rooked
away from you by Slats Derringer be-
cause there wasn’t nobody strong enough
to stop him? He’s got me about ruined,
but it ain’t gonna keep up. And I know
that tomorrow he had it fixed t’ be legal
high mucky muck o’ this town, and that
it’d be run from soup to nuts as he wanted
it run—meanin’ that he’d have a finger
on every crooked dollar he could make
and that everybody’d take a back seat
for him on anything from machinery t’
food!
  “Know what I’m gonna do? Gonna do
if I swing for it? I’m gonna have every
damn’ man o’ his herded out o’ town for
the day tomorrow. I’m gonna see
whether you’ll vote fur me if you git a
chance to vote without a gun in yore
back. And then I’m gonna run this town
as it oughta be run—a square deal fur
everybody. Yore liquor won’t be poison
—any dump that serves it’ll be smashed
up. Yore gamblin’ houses’ll be straight.
And murder and robbery’s gonna be pun-
ished so fast that the execution’ll take
place before Laredo’d have the man in
jail.
  “Git ready, Slats. I’ve got the dope
on you, just from what you done t’ me.
You’re gonna go along with me right now.
I’m givin’ this town a physic t’ clean it
out. Y’ don’t want martial law, like there
was in Mexia here, do you, boys? Y’ don’t
want Rangers runnin’ the town, do you?
I even went so far as t’ warn them
Border Patrolmen t’ keep hands off—
leastways until they knowed—”
  Daly tensed as the sound of a fusillade
of shots came from the street. Sud-
denly there was a great deal of shouting.
In a moment the noises of a mighty battle
came washing against the building.
  For a moment Conklin seemed thunder-
struck. Suddenly Derringer was on his
feet.
  “We’ll see how much you can get away
with!” he shouted. “I’ll cram every one
o’ your insults down your throat, Jed
Conklin. Got my men, have you?
That’s them, outside!”
  “Come on, boys!” Conklin yelled.
“Out o’ the way on them stairs!”
IN AN instant the Conklin forces
which had accompanied him were
plunging down the steps. There was
unmistakable evidence from without that
the struggle was a gargantuan one. It
seemed that the whole main street must
be engaged. Shouts, curses, occasional
shots, breaking glass and all the din of a
rough and tumble battle were plainly
audible.
MacDowell’s eyes were alight with glee.
“Conklin and Derringer are going to
fight it out right now!” he breathed.
“Say, Duke, Ivers must have tipped off
Derringer.”
  “Sure. What do we do now?” the Duke
asked absently. “Tex, there isn’t a thing
we can do. Our job is to save this
dinero right now—and talk to Ivers.
What our job is a little later I don’t know.
What may be going on with this town as
a center may interest the Government
very much. Let’s see this window. It’ll
be as much as our life is worth to go out
the front door.”
  The tiny window was about fifteen
feet off the ground.
  “I’ll go down on our belts, and you can
drop and I’ll catch you,” Tex suggested,
and in a minute, their two belts tied to-
gether and dangling from the sill, he was
going down. He dropped to the ground.
Daly released the belts, and then dropped
into the Texan’s arms.
  “Listen to that!” Daly said, with what
was almost awe in his voice.
  The street battle was an epic. Guns
were not in use, now, but the thorough-
fare was a solid mass of heaving bodies.
Everybody had joined in, it seemed. It
was a battle royal, and" Verona was a
madhouse. Some dives were being looted,
it seemed, as a sideline to the fight for
supremacy.
  “Derringer either didn’t take Ivers’
THE DUKE AND THE DUCATS
29
warnings seriously, or else Conklin struck
too unexpectedly,” Daly surmised.
“Slats wanted to leave the game, but
couldn’t, it seemed to me. He must have
thought he had everything arranged. I
guess Conklin’s got some of his leading
henchmen out of the way, but Derringer
has enough organized opposition left to
make it interesting.”
  As they stole around the corner of the
Ivers storehouse, they got a good view of
the main street. It was almost an
organized battle now. One solid mass of
men was being driven back, but Daly
could not tell whether they composed the
forces of Conklin or Derringer. The
fighting was terrific, and stunned men
were being trampled in the surge and flow
of the struggle.
  Thgy got in the back door, and two or
three watchmen were satisfied to let them
make their way through the merchandise
after they had explained their errand.
The front of the store was deserted.
  “I wonder whether Ivers is out watch-
ing—no, he wouldn’t be,” Texas said as
they mounted the stairs.
IIE UPPER f|oor was practically
dark. Somewhere in the rear one
light was burning.
  “His office is lighted,” Daly re-
marked. “I—”
  “Throw up your hands!”
  From behind four different masses of
material there came four men. All had
guns and all were masked. They ad-
vanced toward the flyers, the leader’s
eyes sparkling through the slits in the
mask. Where had Daly seen those eyes
before?
  “Here, what’s this?”
   Ivers was at the door of his office.
“Stay where you are!” barked some-
body, and a man detached himself from
his comrades and covered the storekeeper.
  “Every one of these fellows is a Mexi-
can!” Daly told himself unbelievingly.
“And Ivers, damn him, is in on it! Try-
ing to pretend these men could be hiding
outside his office door without him
knowing it!”
  “What saps we are!” Tex was groaning
as the men got to them.
  Daly was flaying himself, also. They
should have buried the money back of the
gambling place. No, the hiding place
would have been tortured out of them, if
necessary.
  “I presume this is what you want,” he
said coolly, thrusting the bag forward.
  The leader bowed mockingly. He was
tall and slender. Why was he so familiar?
  “You are right,” he agreed. “We also
want Lieutenant MacDowell.”
 “What?”
  It was an exclamation of utter aston-
ishment from the Texan.
  “What the hell do you mean?” Ivers
fairly shrieked in his wheezy voice.
  “We shall take Lieutenant MacDowell
across the river, and it will cost his father
fifty thousand dollars to get him back.”
  The leader spoke those words as if
enjoying them. Behind the mask his
peculiar eyes were aglow with a curious
catlike light. Suddenly Daly’s mind, like
ice now, found the solution of the famil-
iarity. He was the man from whom they
had asked directions, that afternoon—
the blond hair and the oriental eyes. It
could be no one else. And he had known
Ivers, from what he had said.
  “The directions shall be given now.
We will go into the office, to avoid
observation.”
  The stilted English, spoken with just
the trace of an accent, was the final
identification of the mocking outlaw, as
far as the Duke was concerned. Helpless
before six ready guns, Ivers and the two
flyers were marched into the office.
Right outside the window were hundreds
of people, Daly reflected. On the ground
floor were watchmen. That battle out-
side was interspersed with shots now.
  “Listen, Daly.”
  The leader was businesslike now. His
masked cohorts disposed themselves in a
circle. At least three of them were
Mexican.
  “Tomorrow, or at latest the next day,
you will fly, with the money, down the
river between Laredo and McMullen.
30
THOMSON BURTIS
You will find, on the Mexican side of
the river, a field with a white cross in
it. You will land there. If there are
other ships in the air, all will be lost. If
3’ou have guns on your ship, all will be
lost. You will land. If all is correct, a
man will meet you, and you will be
directed where to fly to give over the
money and to return Lieutenant Mac-
Dowell to his father. If nothing happens,
surely you would not expect us to let him
go free?”
  He waited a moment for reply. He was
enjoying himself to the hilt, the outwardly
composed but inwardly boiling Daly
could see. Tex was a streak of flame.
He was half crouched, ready to spring on
all those guns at once.
  “Now,” the leader went on with relish,
“we shall proceed. Bind Mr. Ivers and
Mr. Daly, Caballeros. I know that Mr.
Ivers and Mr. MacDowell, senior, are
partners. There will be no excuse for lack
of money.”
  For a second Daly considered showing
his hand. The next instant he discarded
the idea. Doubtless he and Tex would
be deader than doornails the second he
denounced Ivers. As he stood quietly,
allowing his hands* to be bound behind
his back and his ankles to be strapped,
he thought things through. If Ivers was
a secret ally of Derringer, he was doubt-
lessly in league with these bandits. A
kidnaping of Tex—he would be justified,
from the world’s point of view, in put-
ting up the money without even consult-
ing the elder MacDowell. The very next
day, as a matter of fact.
  “Our little trip down here was figured
to put about sixty thousand dollars of
Tex’s father’s money into the pockets of
Ivors and Derringer!” Daly reflected.
  Suddenly the fat, flabby, basilisk eyed
Ivers became a monster to him. Never
had he felt so utterly repelled by a per-
sonality as he was by the man who had
suddenly become like an unclean animal.
Double crossing his dearest friend, un-
hesitatingly committing him to mental
anguish and enriching himself, like a
ghoul . . .
  “Buenas noch.es!”
  The bandit leader was standing in the
doorway, looking down at the two bound
and gagged men. Daly was lying three or
four feet from Ivers.
  “I’ll be all right, Duke,” Tex said, his
voice choked with fury.
  The outlaw put out the light, and Daly
could hear the door lock click.
WITHOUT a second’s delay Daly
writhed across the floor toward
Ivers. With his back to the
merchant, he felt with his fettered hands
for the hands of his enemy. The bonds
on Ivers were very loose. Tex was in no
special danger, he reflected. However,
something always to be figured was part
of the temperament of the Texan. He
would seize the slightest excuse for
making a break. The getaway to the
Border must be all arranged for, of
course. And men who would dare, under
no matter what protection, to kidnap an
Army officer would certainly take no
chances. Nor would they hesitate to
shoot, and shoot to kill, if necessary.
Above all, the situation at Verona de-
manded cleaning up. From Ivers and
Derringer and Donnelly and those men,
on whom there was no absolutely ironclad
evidence which would hold in court, he
could expect no confession. In that
bandit gang, however, there would be
men who would talk.
  Ivers’ hands were free. His bonds had
been a joke. He untied his ankles, and
the Duke heard him get to his feet. The
next moment the light was on again, and
the fat storekeeper was untying Daly.
  “This is a hell of a note,” he was saying,
his full moon face woebegone. “Bill’ll
never forgive me for this.”
  As Daly got to his feet he was wonder-
ing for the dozenth time whether the
gamblers had gotten word to Ivers that
the flyers had known that their signals
had been given away. He decided that
the chances of that were slim. They
could not be sure, anyhow.
  Nothing could be gained, and every-
thing lost, possibly, by giving away his
THE DUKE AND THE DUCATS
31
hand right then. Ivers might realize,
from the result of the game, that his share
in the plot was known. For a second
Daly hesitated. Outside the noise had
died away somewhat. The battle seemed
to have shifted down the street. There
were shots from a distance now.
  Daly lifted the telephone. First he’d
get the Laredo flight in action. The
bandits were riding, doubtless, and they
had fifteen miles to go. They could be
cut off at the river.
 “No use of that,” Ivers wheezed.
“Somebody—Jed Conklin, I guess—cut
the lines between here and Laredo.”
  The silent Daly speedily verified that
information.
 “So long,” he said evenly. “I’m
going.”
 “Wait a minute!” Ivers said in
alarm. “What are you going to—”
  “Get after Tex, of course.”
  Daly was standing at the door, seem-
ingly utterly composed.
  “You can’t do that! They’d kill Tex
perhaps. What can you do to interfere?”
“I can fly after ’em.”
 Daly’s shadowed eyes were on the
heavy jowled face, and perhaps some-
thing in them gave his thoughts away.
If final proof were needed of Ivers’ par-
ticipation in the scheme, he had it then.
  “I won’t let you do it, for the sake of
Tex and Bill,” Ivers told him, and a new
note had crept into his voice.
  His hand, apparently casually, strayed
toward a desk drawer. In a split second
Daly’s mind was made up. Time was
precious, but Ivers had an excuse to hold
him there. He could pretend it was for
the best interests of MacDowell.
  Daly’s gun was out in a second.
  “The hell you will,” he said icily.
“Ivers, I’m going and going now. I’ll
tie you up so you can’t interfere, on any
pretext whatever. Don’t move.”
Inwardly he was thinking:
“If my ship was already out of com-
mission he’d let me go out there. Those
guards of his weren’t instructed to
monkey with it unless it was necessary.”
For a few seconds Ivers sat there, like a
huge Buddha. He seemed eyeless, and
there was a sudden effect of utter coldness
in him. It was as though the flesh were
petrified, but the spirit within radiating
vitality.
  “Before you make a move, Daly,” he
said slowly, his lips barely moving, “I’m
telling you you’d better not. You’ve got
the drop on me, but you’d better not.”
  “He’s thoroughly scared at the idea of
me getting into the air,” Daly thought
with controlled exultation.
  “Why not?” he asked aloud.
  “I’ll go to any lengths, for MacDowelPs
sake, to keep you from interfering. Even
to the extent of telling you that if you do
this crazy thing there’ll be a certain
young man arrested immediately for the
murder of one Jim Fitzpatrick, within a
few miles of this place, several years ago.”
  Something seemed to snap inside Daly.
He knew that what he had been dreading,
subconsciously, all along had happened.
He could see the headlines now:
“Government Agent Accused of Murder
in Border Barroom.”
  AS HE stood there in the barren office,
/A with the noise of Verona washing
up through the windows, there
were a few seconds in which he saw the
structure he had built for himself crashing
around him. The past would be spread
for the country to read. Professional
gambler, murderer—now a Government
agent. Disgraced,. he would drop out of
the niche he had worked so hard to carve
for himself. That the murder had been
self-defense would make no difference.
  He had nothing to fear from the law,
except exposure. He faced the fact that
he would be an outcast, a branded crook.
And the hateful, terrible days when he
had been forced to live a life he loathed
with people whom he despised, would
come back. The height to which he had
lifted himself by his bootstraps through
ten years of effort would be lost in one
plunge.
  As he raised his eyes to those lines of
light in Ivers’ face there was something
in them which made Ivers say hastily:
32
THOMSON BURTIS
  “And I’m not the only one that knows
it, either. It won’t do you any good to
put me out of the way.”
  As so frequently happened when he
faced a crisis, Daly’s mind seemed ab-
normally keen. Despite the fact that his
heart was lead within him, his brain
seemed to work automatically. With a
sort of frozen clarity he had decided that
a few minutes of time, one way or the
other, meant little. He could catch the
bandits in Mexico, if necessary, and let
international law have its way with him
after MacDowell was safe.
  “Listen, Ivers,” he said coolly, his eyes
looking into tragic depths rather than at
the man before him, “you can do as you
please about raking up the past. If you
know as much as you do, you know that
Jim Fitzpatrick was a white eyed rat of a
killer, who got by because his father at
that time was the smuggling king of the
Border who pulled wires that even led to
Washington at times. And you know
that the drunken louse shot a poor old
coon who didn’t get him a sandwich fast
enough, and that I shot him when he
turned on me because I told him what he
was. Go ahead and talk, damn you, and
you’ll have plenty of chance to! You
may let the country know what I was
when I was a kid, but, by God, they’ll
know you were a doublecrossing crook
yourself!”
  Ivers did not even blink his eyes.
Tension was like a physical thickness in
the air.
  “What do you mean?” he asked
huskily.
  “That you’re in with Derringer, that
you’re doublecrossing Mr. MacDowell,
that you tipped off our signals in this
game tonight and got us here to lose
money, and that this abduction of Tex is
a frameup to get you and your pals
another fifty thousand! God, what a rat
you are! I don’t know what you’ve got
against the MacDowells, but you’ll have
a chance to tell.”
  “You’re crazy, Daly. And it won’t get
you anything. Assuming for the sake of
argument that you were right, what
proof would you have? And wouldn’t
you be crazy to—”
  “To what?”
  Ivers eyed the ready gun and played
with his watch chain. He looked around
to make sure that they were alone.
  “Maybe,” he said slowly, “we can
make a deal.”
  Daly knew in an instant that he could
trade silence for silence. His own past
would remain a secret, if he remained
silent on the subject of Henry Ivers.
Then, with the force of a stunning physi-
cal blow, the implication in Ivers’ words
made his eyes widen and his body feel
numb. Ivers must realize that Tex
knew as much as Daly himself.
  Ivers did not expect that Tex would be
able to tell any tales whatever!
   The paralyzed flyer fought for control.
Now that he thought of it, it seemed
probable. Already the gang had proved
themselves totally without scruples of
any kind. The kidnaping of an Army
officer was a serious business which would
result, for the definitely known bandits, in
an unending hunt. It would be a matter
of international law. They had been
masked. Tex would know what they
looked like. What amount of money
would cause them to take a chance on such
a crime, if they were not almost guaran-
teed safety after it was over? What more
likely than that they collect the money,
and kilL MacDowell anyway? Tex had
been a Border Patrolman for five years,
and dozens of outlaws feared, dreaded
and hated him. He alone, almost single
handed, had put Dave Fitzpatrick be-
hind the bars, and Dave had had a legion
of followers. Ivers himself must hate the
elder MacDowell. Vengeance and money
combined—why, those very bandits in
whose charge he was might be made up of
men with a grudge against the officer of
the law.
  In an instant Daly made up his mind.
Everything in the world was forgotten
now except that the life of his friend was
in danger. From that second on no
thought of his own personal safety entered
into his calculations in the slightest.
THE DUKE AND THE DUCATS
33
  “Just what do you mean?”" he asked
quietly.
  “Just that you do nothing, nothing at
all, and say nothing, now or later. I
agree to do likewise. We’re alone. We
can talk freely.”
  “Suppose I should tell you that Tex
knows as much as I do?”
  Ivers’ face did not change.
  “MacDowell will not bother us.”
_ It was said as coolly as if he were speak-
ing of a business deal. Daly lounged
against the desk.
  “I can’t afford to have my life ruined
by this business,” he said calmly. “Pretty
slick layout, worth a couple of hundred
thousand dollars to you and Derringer,
eh? Say, you must hate old man Mac-
Dowell.”
  Ivers’ eyes were on his desk.
  “Fifteen years ago,” he almost whis-
pered, “I swore I’d get him some day.”
“What was the matter, and why doesn’t
he know it? I should think—”
  It seemed that Ivers took warning.
His eye lids raised suddenly.
  “None of your business. And re-
member this: You can be shot and shot
quickly as the identified murderer who
tried to escape. Every excuse will be
ours. You’re having a favor done you
when we offer to let you go.”
  Daly moved like a striking rattlesnake.
His gun came down on the head of that
mound of unclean flesh, and Ivers
slumped, unconscious. The Duke had
learned all he could. And he had no
doubt that neither he nor Tex would live
to tell the tale if Ivers had his way. He
had swapped his own knowledge to get at
Ivers’ plans, and it behooved him to get
out of Verona without delay. His plans
were complete.
IN A TRICE he had bound the uncon-
scious man securely. He must take a
chance on getting a start of a few
minutes. He was not thinking of his per-
sonal safety. He was thinking of Mac^
Dowell.
  He could climb the partition between
the office and the storeroom outside. The
bandit had already locked the door, as a
gesture to protect Ivers. Possibly no one
would enter during the night. Derringer
and his men were busy.
  He turned out the light, after taking a
gun out of the desk drawer, and scaled
the partition with the aid of a chair. He
walked out boldly, using the back way.
He found a horse tethered to the rear of
the building. That was lucky, saved him
from borrowing or stealing one on the
main street. A horse would make better
time than a car.
  Circling the town only lost him a little
time. He did not even see the main street,
but he got the impression that a veritable
mob of milling men were in excited con-
clave along its entire length. Riding like
the wind, he sped through the mesquite
toward the field. He covered the two
miles in a few minutes, and by that time
his plan of action was settled in his mind.
  He rode toward the field behind the
barrier of the canvas hangar and left his
horse there. Undoubtedly those guards
had been carefully instructed. Ivers
must have figured on the possibility of
the ship’s being used should Daly by any
chance get free. They would have orders
to keep him out of the air by some method
or other.
  He ran through the mesquite toward
the hangar. The noise of drills, working
within a quarter of a mile of the field,
drowned out any sound he might make.
He got to the back of the canvas hangar,
which seemed to have one light in it. As
he crept around to the corner, the
De Haviland came into view.
  Four men were sitting around it, plainly
visible in the moonlight.
  “A couple of ’em must be flyers,” Daly
thought.
  They were not more than fifty feet from
the front of the hangar, if that.
  “Thank God I brought the other gun,”
he thought as he got it out.
  Both guns cocked and ready, he broke
into a run.
  “Put up your hands!” he shouted,
“Don’t make another move!”
  The surprise was complete. He looked
34
THOMSON BURTIS
down into the amazed faces of the two
guards, and of the men who must be,
from their clothing, the flyers. One, to
his surprise, was a young Mexican with a
pock marked face. The other was the
most furtive eyed man he had ever seen.
Middle aged and very small, he seemed to
be totally unable to look at Daly in any
other manner than quick, frightened
glances. Probably he was the mechanic.
  As Daly was about to speak he sud-
denly stiffened. From afar his ears caught
the sound of thudding hoofbeats. Two
horses. Some one was riding, and riding
fast, toward the field. Had Ivers been
discovered by his friends?
  “You may be on the level, all of you,”
he said tersely, “but I take no chances.
Drop your guns, you guards, and then the
four of you run like hell for the other end
of this field! Fast!”
  For a second they hesitated. He shot,
slightly to one side of the mechanic.
  “I meant it,” he said coolly. “And you
flyers—don’t get into the air or I’ll shoot
you down without asking any ques-
tions!”
  The Mexican pilot dropped a blistering
curse and started to run. He was un-
armed. The others, their eyes darting
toward the horsemen who were now in
sight, five hundred yards away, did like-
wise.
  The ship was all right, Daly thought,
as he vaulted into the rear cockpit. The
Liberty/luckily, had a self-starter and he
leaned over the partitions between the
cockpits to start it. On the second try it
caught. There were shots from the
horsemen—his last doubt as to their
mission was swept away.
WITHOUT fastening his belt he
gave the cold Liberty the gun.
He wiggled the controls very
slightly as the big bomber rushed across
the field. Elevators and ailerons moved
obediently.
  Close to the black wall of mesquite on
the other end of the field he pulled back
on the stick, and the DH answered.
It took the smooth night air cleanly, de-
spite the sputtering motor. He circled the
field as he unwound the radio antenna.
That radio key wgis his reason for being
in the back seat. The roar of the motor
grew smoother >as the Liberty warmed.
It had been a desperate chance, taking off
with it stone cold, but he had won.
  He glanced down at the field. The
four men were back in front of the
hangar, talking to the two horsemen.
What could be more probable than that
that ship, said by Conklin to be sub-
sidized by Derringer, should be used for
illegal purposes at times? There might
even be machine guns available to mount
on the rear seat. It had a scarf mount, he
remembered.
 As he methodically unwound the
antenna his whole being was concentrated
on but one thing, the saving of Tex.
Nevertheless there seemed to be a part
of his brain which automatically worked
along, steadily putting the various ele-
ments in the situation in their proper
places. The abduction of MacDowell had
been a stroke of genuis—an excellent ex-
cuse for Ivers to put $50,000 of the elder
MacDowell’s money in his pocket without
so much as consulting with the old man.
Probably Ivers had not figured on killing
Tex until he had found out how much the
two flyers knew. During the entire time
the merchant had banked more or less on
the full cooperation of Daly in an emer-
gency, through the power of blackmail.
The motive behind his machinations had
been partly revenge for something which
had happened in the past, and partly the
opportunity to make a great deal of
money. Between embezzling funds from
the business, dealing in acreage, poker
and the kidnaping, thrusting the blame
for all losses on conditions at Verona, a
quarter of a million dollars seemed a
small estimate of the sure money Ivers
could make in his position of trust.
  The antenna was out, now, and the
metal fish at the end of it gleamed in
the moonlight. As Daly’s hand found the
key he pointed the De Haviland for the
river. His hand rested motionless on the
sending instrument for a moment, how-
THE DUKE AND THE DUCATS
35
ever, as his eyes swept the shadowed
earth. For Verona, a white city under
the moon, seemed to be burning up.
There were three fires on the main street,
and in the light of the flames the swarming
mobs were like frightened ants scurrying
around a ruined ant hill.
  “In wrecking the joints they started
some fires,” Daly thought.
  The field itself was a sight to strike the
observer with awe. Derrick lights winked
and boiler mouths shone red, and on the
derrick floors men were toiling. Vehicles
crawled over the roads with gleaming eyes
as the work of the field went on.
 It was all part of the nightmare to
Daly. His only hope was a negative one
—to save MacDowell. For himself, there
was none. Once again his life, built on a
rotten foundation, was about to crumble.
That mask of a face was drawn as he
bent over his key, and his eyes were like
windows showing the suffering within.
  He concentrated fiercely on his work.
He could not hear his own signals, of
course, above the bellow of the Liberty
as he sent out the Laredo call a dozen
times. Then he went to work, sending
his message slowly as the DH roared
along, a thousand feet high, toward the
river.
    Daly. In air above Verona. MacDowell
  kidnaped by bandits one hour ago. Must be
  near river. Send two ships down river to help
  me. Send others to Verona. Situation very
  bad. Get Henry Ivers, Derringer and Conklin.
  Notify Rangers, sheriff and so forth.
  He could waste no more time on send-
ing. They would have the message; the
radio shack was open night and day.
He looked down. He was over Mexico,
the Rio Grande a mile north of him.
 As he banked around he made quick
calculations while his eyes swept the sky
for signs of an airplane. That civilian
plane might not heed his warning. If it
had guns it might be sent out to get him.
That would leave matters in excellent
shape for Ivers and Derringer—and a
burned ship and a few bones tell no tales
of murder.
  The bandits probably had not ridden
very fast. Fifteen miles, and only an
hour had passed. They should be near
the river.
  They were! At least, there was a group
of horsemen, riding like mad, two miles
east of the little settlements on the river
bank.
  “They aren’t feeling as good as their
captive right now,” Daly thought grimly.
“Now what shall I do? With Tex in the
middle of ’em I can’t shoot so well.”
HE WAS circling over them. They
were a mile from the river, riding
through the mesquite. There was
a strip of clearings, a half mile wide, along
the northern bank of the Rio Grande.
They’d have to come out in the open
soon.
  He turned south, a mile back of them
and fifteen hundred feet high. He took a
quick look at his instruments. All was
well on those gages, from oil pressure to
battery charging rate. The twelve
cylinder Liberty was bellowing along
evenly, and he tried the switches absently
as he strove to form a plan. He could
just follow them, spotting their location,
but a couple of sparkplugs, fouled with
oil, would mean the ruin of all his plans.
He dared not trust MacDowell’s life to
that motor.
  A man of one idea, he was so utterly
engrossed in his thoughts that when the
windshield shattered before his eyes he
looked at it, for the moment, in dull
wonder.
  Then his head snapped around, and he
sent the De Haviland into a dizzy vertical
bank which seemed to almost break it in
two. Behind him, four hundred feet
higher than he, was the civilian ship. In
the back seat a man was standing, hand-
ling a machine gun which was mounted
there. That ship had taken off, sneaked
north, probably, to gain altitude, got
higher than he was, and swooped down
out of the night sky.
  And he was still in the back seat. His
gun control was in the front cockpit.
He cursed with cold venom as he twisted
36
THOMSON BURTIS
his ship once more. Only blind luck had
saved him from being shot down. His
wings had holes in them.
  He saw his chance. The other ship was
banking to give the back seat man a
chance to shoot. In an instant the
Duke’s belt was off, and he had plunged
head first into the front cockpit. As the
DH faltered in a stall he grabbed the
stick. He got to the seat, and as he
strapped the belt he sent the bomber
curving madly through the air.
  He had one advantage—front guns to
aim with the ship. They had altitude,
but they had to present a broadside view
to give the machine vgunner a chance.
He was a big man.
  “By God, I believe it’s Henry Ivers!”
the Duke told himself slowly. “Going
to get to Mexico if he doesn’t shoot me
down, eh?”
  The two ships circled, their motors
fairly shaking the earth as they roared
along at full speed. The Duke was very
quiet and very calm now. He watched
like a hawk. He must spoil their shots,
waiting his chance.
  Spots of fire came from the gun above.
He went into a dive, twisting as he dived,
at right angles *to their course. The
cruiser banked to keep him in range.
They figured on getting him as he passed
underneath them.
  In a split second he changed his dive,
banking steeply to the left. Their course
was to the right. The DH was quiver-
ing with the terrific speed of that full
power dive, and the Liberty’s roar rose
to a mad bellow as the tachometer showed
eighteen hundred and fifty revolutions a
minute and the airspeed hovered around
two hundred and fifteen.
  He glanced around. They were bank-
ing to the left. In a moment the guns
would be on him, but for a small interval
of time the ships would be too far apart
for accurate shooting.
  There he shot the dice with destruction.
Without hesitation he lifted the frail
De Haviland upward in a clean arc. Up
and up it went with that excess speed.
Every second he expected to feel a bullet.
  It started over on its back, five hundred
feet higher than it had been before. With
rudder and stick, plus the feel of the ship
which had made him a great pilot, he
turned the DH‘on its horizontal axis, in
a half roll.
  Hanging upside'down, then sideward
as the ship answered, there came a second
when there loomed before his sights the
bulk of the other ship. It had twisted
again, reversing its course. As his DH
turned his hand was pressed down on the
gun control, and his front guns were
spraying lead.
  How he did it he did not know, but
even as the DH was turning he kept its
nose pointed at the other ship. Then the
cruiser passed out of range.
  Right side up, stalled, he looked about
for it. He was as high as they were now.
He was higher!
  They were below him and seemed in
trouble. The cruiser turned loggily,
  “To hell with you,” he said to himself
with icy calmness, and dived on them.
  He saw his tracers travel almost the
length of the ship, and then he scarcely
watched it as it spun earthward. He was
already on his way toward those gallop-
ing horsemen, who were just entering the
open, when the cruiser hurtled to the
ground and a great ball of fire lit up the
earth for miles around.
  Would the bandits give up now? He
wondered. Probably not. They could
not know that Ivers himself had been in
that ship, largely for the purpose of
making a clean getaway. They had
figured on getting Daly with those first
shots.
  “And they nearly did!” he thought.
  Suddenly he felt hope bounding in his
heart. He was a half mile to one side
of the bunched riders. He sent the DH
downward in:a fast dive, pointed at them.
The motor sputtered. Had some bullet
taken effect in it? God, he must hurry.
That roar didn’t sound right. Sort of
uneven.
  Now he was close to them, flying at two
miles and a half a minute, only five feet
off the ground.
THE DUKE AND THE DUCATS
37
  What he had thought might happen
did. Those frightened horses were now a
group of crazed bucking broncos, out of
control, as the ship flashed toward them.
One rider was on the ground. The rest
of them to a man were fighting their
horses.	,]
  And as Daly zoomed up over them he
saw Tex MacDowell, with the skill born
of his ranch boyhood, guide his maddened
pony northward like a frightened rabbit.
  He had a hundred yard start—no more
than that. Suddenly Daly was aware of
the fact that the DH was stalling. He
pushed forward on the stick as the motor
sputtered and died. It always died,
momentarily, in an extreme stall.
  But as he got the ship into a dive to
regain flying speed it did not catch again.
The next second blue flame was playing
over the motor. The gas line had broken,
flooding the hot Liberty. A bullet had
weakened it, doubtlessly; but he was
afire, six hundred feet in the air.
  Somehow it seemed unimportant. He
got the ship into a sideslip as a wave of
heat blistered him. His right wing, which
was pointed upward in the slip, was al-
ready being eaten by flames. For the
moment he was not too uncomfortable as
the flames blew upward and away from
him. His eyes were on the ground. He
had to hold his goggles to keep the ter-
rific airstream, coming upward at him as
a result of the slip, from tearing them off.
THERE was Tex, going like mad for
the mesquite. One lone rider was
after him, and gaining. The others
were huddled near the river, apparently
unwilling to separate themselves from
their nearness to Mexico and safety.
  If there was left in Duke Daly any
trace of selfishness or fear or dross of any
kind, it was burned away during that
moment when he hung beneath a tran-
quil night sky in his flaming De Haviland.
The second he pointed its nose down the
draft would blow the fire back on him, and
the fuselage would turn into a flaming
coffin. By sideslipping to the ground, he
had a chance for life. Down below, the
man whose place could never be taken in
the life of Duke Daly was fleeing for his
life, and losing.
  The DH was three hundred feet high,
losing altitude steadily. There was a
curious look in Daly’s eyes as he took a
deep breath of the last pure air he would
ever breathe. Pain was gone from them
and shadows had lifted, and it was as if
he were seeing visions as he brought the
ship’s nose down and started the last
dive.
  In a split second his eyes were burning
and his clothes charring. Heat rolled
over him in a sickening wave. His bleary
eyes never wavered, however, and pain
was non-existent. He did not breathe.
He would not fill his lungs with smoke
and fire yet.
  He had his bead. Dazed, his head
reeling, he sent a hail of death down on
the pursuing bandit, and not until the
bandit had toppled from his horse did
Daly’s hand leave the gun control.
  Fifty feet from the ground. Now his
body was a torturing shell. He was
groaning as he lifted the ship in a side-
slip. He gulped in air as he rammed the
bomber downward with top rudder. He
unloosened his belt. Perhaps he would
be thrown clear of the fire—
  There was a crash, and he felt himself
hurtling through the air. The next second
his brain became a ball of fire which was
extinguished in an instant and there was
no more pain.
HE DID not know it, but Tex had
doubled back as his pursuer had
fallen from his horse, and his hands
had beat out the slowly burning spots in
Daly’s clothing. Ten minutes later a
Laredo ship had arrived, and carried him
back to the hospital. It was there he
found himself, next morning, thoroughly
bandaged and listless from the effects of
opiates.
  Scarcely had he opened his eyes when
the nurse came in, followed by Mac-
Dowell. The big Texan was unshaven,
eyes bloodshot from lack of sleep, and as
dirty as a roustabout, but the old grin
38
THOMSON BURTIS
was there and there was a sparkle in his
eyes which took no heed of fatigue.
  “You probably don’t feel so good, but
I feel fine,” he drawled. “They say you’re
all right—burns not so damn’ serious*
and lungs O.K.”
  Daly smiled briefly.
  “How is everything in the oil village?”
he asked weakly.
  “Not so bad. Did you know that the
ship you shot down had Hank Ivers in
it?”
  “Uh-huh, I thought so.”
  “Tell me what happened up there first
after I left,” Tex commanded.
  He was sitting on the edge of the bed,
and his glowing eyes were hard for Daly
to meet. Daly told the story briefly and
haltingly, and MacDowell’s eyes grew
brighter all the time.
  “Well,” he said slowly, “I guess, as a
matter of fact, that there were only a
couple of people who knew about that
Fitzpatrick incident. One was Ivers, and
the other this head bandit that had me in
charge. He was enjoying himself so
much I was scared of what would happen.
The rest of ’em were just supers. Dumb
spigs, in for a little money. From the
way he talked, tjiis blond boy—you re-
member we saw him on the street—was a
follower of Dave Fitzpatrick’s, and to get
me, who’d got Dave put in jail, was a
great pleasure. Between him and Ivers,
from what you said, I’d have had a nice
time.”
  “Laredo got my message all right, did
they?”
  “Sure. And found the town in a hell of
a mess. The sheriff’s there now with a
big posse. I guess he isn’t happy. They
like to let these oil towns alone—but it
had to be done. The boys here say you
told ’em to get Conklin and Derringer
and hold ’em. Well, they found Slats
badly wounded. Some guy he’d rooked
took a pot shot at him in the fights, I
guess.”
  “Is he alive?”
  “Yeah, but nobody knows whether
he’ll live or not,” Tex said without sor-
row. “I tipped off the sheriff and, sick or
no sick, they gave him the third degree.
Didn’t need much. He figures he’s a
goner and came pretty clean. Admits
everything, including airplane smuggling
on the side, except that he was not in on
the kidnaping at all and had nothing to
do with it. It was Ivers’ cute little idea
to have dad pay him fifty thousand
which he hadn’t spent, see?”
  “How’s that little banty rooster, Conk-
lin?” inquired Daly, and for a second a
real grin was on his pallid, drawn face.
Tex laughed long and loud.
  “He admitted what he was up to, and
the little squirt was pretty near right.
He’d been about ruined by Derringer’s
crooked work, and he aimed to get a
chance to live by fair means or foul. He
didn’t want us messing in just at the
moment when he started to take Der-
ringer for a ride. They let him go, I
guess—nothing on him that isn’t taken
for granted in a town like that.”
  Daly felt better. Somehow it always
gave him a feeling of contentment to have
Tex around. It was great to have an
anchor of some sort, somebody to tie to.
He was busy figuring things out more in
detail.
  “Assuming that this bandit I killed—”
“He had the poker money, which I
got!” Tex interrupted with a grin.
  “Good. Anyway, assuming that he was
tickled to be in on the deal just to get
back at a patrolman who’d put his boss
in jail, how do you explain Ivers? He
was sure poison.”
  Tex nodded.
  “Dad’s coming down in a week,” he
stated. “Wired me, in answer to mine,
that it must have its root in some business
deal where dad got the best of him.
Probably partly just the money angle,
too. Dad said he was always a penny
pincher, and through that lost out on a
lot of stuff around Texas in the past.
You never can tell about these fifteen
year grudges. They get big when you
think of ’em all that time. Dad fights
hard, but he fights clean. I know that.”
"Also,” nodded the Duke, “all this
murder and stuff he was driven to. When
THE DUKE AND THE DUCATS
39
a guy starts to steal and the gun’s around,
murder isn’t far away and the deeper he
gets the longer lengths he’ll go to to get
out.”
  “Right you are,” drawled MacDowell
as he got to his feet. “It’s my hunch he’d
have shrunk from killing in real horror at
the start. But this bandit guy—he was
looking at me and licking his chops.
Those breeds—and he is one—are tough
to figure. Resent the inferior blood in
’em, and are run by it.”
  He gave Daly a cigaret, lighted one for
himself, and strolled to the door.
  “I’ll get out before they kick me out,”
he announced. “See you this afternoon.
Everything’s jake, and don’t worry about
the papers, if you get what I mean. Ivers
and the bandit are both out of the way,
and your memoirs won’t be published.”
Daly smiled and took a deep breath.
The blow which would have knocked him
out of sight of the world he loved would
not fall—not yet, anyhow. Some day it
would, probably.
  “And say, Duke,” MacDowell said
casually. “Thanks for the help last
night.”
  His eyes were on his cigaret. Daly’s
were on his, examining the ash critically.
  “Sure. Everything came out great,”
he said evenly, “even to the acreage, if
Derringer confessed.”
  “Right you are,” Tex said a trifle
huskily. “Mission successfully com-
pleted, doggone your crazy hide!”
W. C. TUTTLE
tells of a whittling sheriff and
the feud of Mojave Wells
                   
            *0«»*  
I ma-W      j£3    
I ItIM* « H        
HIE                
By Order of Buck Brady
BUCK BRADY was always whit-
tling. Thin shavings were an
I obsession with Buck. He would
sit for hours, tilted back in a
broken chair against the shady side of his
little office, knees almost touching his
chin, his long, thin face serious over the
task of reducing a piece of soft pine to
thin shavings.
  Buck was the sheriff of Mojave Wells,
and Mojave Wells was a heat and sand
scoured, false fronted town in Road Run-
ner Valley. The town was invisible from
a distance, because even the painted signs
on the business houses had been. sand
blasted until they were unreadable.
  It was the end of the roundup in Road
Runner Valley, and Buck knew that be-
fore night the town would be filled with
thirsty cowboys, whose overall pockets
were lined with money, and that when
whisky met cowboy there might be plenty
of work for the sheriff.
 The first to arrive was Ben Dolan, a
 thin faced, gaunt sort of cowboy, astride
 a weary looking roan. Instead of heading
 for a saloon, Ben dismounted in front of
 the sheriff’s office, dropped his reins in
 the dirt and sat down beside the sheriff.
 “Hyah, Buck.”
 “Purty good,” drawled Buck squinting
 at his handiwork. “Whatcha know,
 Ben?”
 “Not much.”
 “In kin da early, ain’t you?”
 “Yeah.”
 Ben made a few marks in the sand with
 a lean forefinger.
 “Had a reason t’ come in early, Buck.
 Some of the boys said it wouldn’t do no
 good, but I thought I’d tell you how it
 was. ’Long about an hour from now Bud
40
BY ORDER OF BUCK BRADY	41
Hickman will ride in. He’ll have his gang
with him and they’ll imbibe real freely.
Mebbe ’long about that same time Pete
Asher’ll ride in with his gang. They’ll
also imbibe freely, and some of ’em will
likely get kinda drunk. The boys are all
thirsty, you know. I expect it’ll be
kinda wooly around here t’night, Buck.”
“Uh-huh.”
  Buck cut a particularly long shaving,
looked at it critically and nodded with
satisfaction.
  “You shore rode in early to explain all
this to me,” he said. “If you’re all
through, you might tell me the rest.”
  “It’s thisaway,” explained Ben serious-
ly. “You know what a feud is. Buck?”
“Yea-a-ah.”
  “Well, that’s what she amounts to
right now. And it’s all over a danged
girl!”
  “I’m glad there’s a reason, Ben. Mostly
alius them feuds starts over nothin’. Go
ahead and tell me the details.”
  “Rosie Smith.”
  “Huh?”
  “That’s what I said. You know how
Bud and Pete kinda shined around her a
month ago. I don’t guess she knowed
which one to pick. Of course, Bud thinks
it’s him, and Pete thinks it’s him. And
there you are. It’s been kinda achin’
both of ’em, I reckon. Anyway, Chuck
Lester makes a remark the other night
that he supposed Bud wouldn’t be with
us in Mojave Wells at the finish of the
roundup, ’cause he’d stop along a picket
fence before he reached the main street,
and head straight through the gate.
  “Pete was there, and I reckon it hit
him in a sore spot, ’cause he chips in with
a remark, which didn’t set well with Bud.
There wasn’t much said, but it took all
of us to take their guns away. We didn’t
want no killin’ in camp. Bud was reason-
able. He says to Pete, ‘We’ll settle this
in Mojave Wells.’ ”
  “Pete was agreeable. He says, ‘That
suits me. We’ll make a truce until sun-
down, both agreein’ to keep away from
her. When that sun goes down, all truce
is off, and we shoot on sight.’ ”
BUCK sliced another shaving, laid the
stick aside and began whetting the
blade on the counter of his left boot.
“And one of them damn’ fools is goin’
to get killed,” added Ben.
  “It’s kinda hard to git straight grain
stuff these days,” said the sheriff 'serious-
ly. “I ’member when I was runnin’ a
tradin’ post down Yuma way, I used to
git the best danged boxwood for whittlin’.
I don’t suppose it runs so good these
days.”
  “Ben and Pete are both friends of
yours,” said Ben thoughtfully.
  “Uh-huh. I like ’em both.”
  “A killin’ might start trouble. The
boys has kinda took sides.”
  “I s’pose.”
  “Bud and Pete are both good shots.”
“Yea-a-ah—purty good shots. Awful
damn’ fools in lotsa ways, but good
shots. Uh-hu-u-uh. Well, I’ve got to
write me some signs, Ben. It’s two hours
till sundown.”
  “I thought you’d like to know about
it, Sheriff.”
  “Yeah, I do. Thank you kindly.”
  “You’re welcome.”
  Ben took his horse and headed for a
saloon, while more cowboys came racing
in, their horses covered with lather and
dust. The sheriff watched the first con-
tingent arrive. It was Bud Hickman and
his gang from the Tumbling K. Bud was
a likable looking cowboy, about twenty-
five years of age, tall, lithe, swarthy as an
Indian, with curling black hair and a
white toothed smile. His crew was a
wild riding lot of hard bitted punchers,
ready for fun or fight at a moment’s
notice.
  They noted that Pete Asher and the
J88 boys had not arrived yet; so they all
headed for the Desert Well Saloon, the
biggest place of its kind in Mojave Wells.
The sheriff stood on the edge of the side-
walk for a while, cogitating deeply. He
had been sheriff of that particular county
for nearly two terms, which meant that
Buck Brady was pretty much of a man.
Finally he went into his little office, and
after a search he found an old paint brush
•t‘2
W. C. TUTTLE
and a few ounces of almost dried paint
in a battered can. He kicked the ends
out of a soap box, drew out the nails and
sat. down at his desk.
  Pete Asher and his crew rode in from
the J88, tied their horses farther up the
street and entered the Prospect Saloon.
Asher 'was a heavily built, hard faced
cowboy, about the same age as Bud Hick-
man. His hair was almost a neutral
shade, his eyes deep set and blue. There
was little to choose between his gang and
the one which came in with Bud Hick-
man, and in numbers they were about
equal.
  There were more outfits to come, but
they were not connected with the feud.
Bud and his men were at the bar when
1 he sheriff came in, and they greeted him
noisily. He was carrying a box end and
;• hammer, and without any leave from
the proprietor he proceeded to nail his
sign to one of the walls. It read:
      FROM NOW ON EVERY MAN
      MUST TURN HIS GUN OVER
      TO MY OFFICE UNTIL HE IS
      READY TO LEAVE TOWN.
           BY ORDER OF
           —BUCK BRADY.
SOME of the men laughed: some
swore. Bud Hickman strode over
to the sheriff and glared at him
belligerently.
  “You tryin’ to kid somebody, Buck?”
he asked.
  The sheriff looked steadily at Bud for
several moments.
   “I ain’t in the habit of ldddin’ anybodv,
am I?”
  Bud flushed quickly, but he recognized
the fact that Buck Brady would back up
his sign. That was why Buck was their
sheriff.
  “Kinda sudden, ain’teha?” asked Bud.
  “No-o-o. I’ve been thinkin’ this out
quite a while, Bud.”
  “Is this the idea?” queried Bud. “We
all turn our guns over to you, and you
turn 'em back when we’re ready to leave
town ?”
  “That’s what the sign says, Bud; and
I wrote the sign.”
  Bud laughed and turned to his men.
“It’s all right, boys. Shuck your guns.
I reckon we can stand it, if the others
can.” And then to the sheriff, “You
might have a little trouble with Pete and
his gang.”
  “I hope they’ll be reasonable.”
  The men put their guns on a poker
table, and the sheriff picked them up,
putting some in his pockets, some inside
the waistband of his overalls.
  “You’ll have to remember your own
guns, boys,” he said.
  “I reckon I can spot mine,” said Bud.
“I made them handles.”
THE SHERIFF thanked them kindly
and went back to his office, where he
locked the guns in his desk. Then
he went over to the Prospect Saloon, where
he nailed up his other notice. Asher and
his men didn’t take so kindly to the idea.
Some of them were openly belligerent,
and it seemed for a few moments that the
sheriff had a tough job, but Asher took
the matter out of their hands.
  “I suppose this thing only applies to
me and my men, eh?”
  “You’re supposin’ wrong, Pete; I’ve
already collected from the Tumblin’ K.”
“You’ve collected from Bud Hick-
man?”
  “Why not?”
  “Oh, I jist wondered. But suppose we
don't give you our guns?”
  The sheriff considered Pete calmly.
Then:
  “I’ve alius liked you, Asher. You’ve
been a damn’ fool in lotsa ways, but
you’re jist human like the rest of us.
I’ve posted my notice, and I wrote it
myself.”
  “But jist suppose we refuse to give up
our guns?”
  “That,” said the sheriff calmly, “would
be jist too damn’ bad.”
  “Oh—” softly—“and if I should hap-
pen to want to leave town, you’d give
me back my gun?”
   “Jist like the sign says, Pete.”
BY ORDER OF BUCK BRADY
43
  “All right; here’s mine. Take ’em off,
boys. We don’t need ’em—now.”
  The sheriff looked over the guns as he
deposited them about his person; he
walked out, swinging the hammer in his
hand.
  “Don’t that beat hell?” laughed Pete.
  “I’ll betcha somebody told him some-
thin’,” said a cowboy.
  “I don’t like the idea of a moth eaten
old sidewinder takin’ my gun away,”
complained a cowboy who was new to
the country. “We’d ’a’ had some fun, if
we’d refused.”
  “You’ve got a sweet idea of fun,”
growled Pete. “That moth eaten old
sidewinder is jist thirty-two years old,
and if we hadn’t turned them guns over
to him he’d jist about ruined the whole
gang of us with his pet Winchester. When
you see ‘By order of Buck Brady,’ you
better read the upper part of it and act
accordingly.”
 ALL THE cowboys went back to
/-% their drinking, and the sheriff was
forgotten, but both Bud and Pete
kept track of the sun. The sheriff, humped
in his chair, still whittling, saw Pete come
out, saunter to the hitching rack, where
he could view the sun. It was still an
hour high.
  Ben Dolan, fairly well filled with liquor,
came over again and squatted on his heels
beside the sheriff. Ben was as hard bitted
as the rest of the cowboys, but he liked
both Bud and Pete so well that he hated
to see either of them wounded or killed.
And Ben was wise enough to understand
that both men would claim their guns at
sundown.
  They saw Bud leave the Desert Well
Saloon, walk halfway across the street,
as if heading for a store, stop and look
toward the west. He too was keeping
cases on the sun. Then he turned and
went back to the saloon. Ben made
meaningless marks in the sand with a
forefinger, while the sheriff whittled
thoughtfully.
  “You shore collected a lot of guns,
Sheriff.”
  “Yea-a-ah.”
  “Almost sundown.”
  The sheriff shut one eye and considered
Ben. Then he looked toward both
saloons, and went on whittling.
  “The boys are gettin’ nervous, ” said Ben.
  “I notice.”
  Several cowboys were standing in front
of the Prospect Saloon now, and one of
them essayed a clog dance. His boots
sounded loud on the old wooden side-
walk. Another beat time on a porch post
with the end of a quirt. It was like the
beating of a tomtom, and he kept it up for
a time after the dancer had stopped. The
beater was swarthy, with high cheekbones.
  Some of Bud’s gang came from the
Desert Well and stood around in front
of the building. One of them, a little
drunker than the rest, started across the
street toward the sheriff’s office, but the
others stopped him and, after an argu-
ment, persuaded him to desist.
  “It’s kinda sultry,” said Ben, rubbing
his forehead.
  The sheriff nodded and looked at the
sun, only half of which was visible now.
He blinked from the strong light and cut
several shavings, which did not suit him
at all. A couple of dogs met in the middle
of the street; town dogs, fat and with a
friendship of long standing. But now
they growled ominously at each other, as
they circled, looking for an opening.
  “Sic ’em!” hissed a cowboy from in
front of the Desert Well.
  “Take him, Tige! Shake his fleas
loose. Four bits on the yaller one.”
  “You’ve done made a bet, cowboy.
Choose him, Ponto.”
  But the dogs only circled and growled,
and finally separated.
  “Mebbe they’re waitin’ for the sun to
go down,” whispered Ben.
  The sheriff shook his head.
  “Got more sense than men have.”
THE SUN was down. Only the tip
was visible, and the crests of the
broken hills showed a golden high-
light. It was very still in Mojave Wells.
The shadows were gone now and the street
44
W. C. TUTTLE
glowed with a yellow light, which would
not last long. Twilight was unknown in
Mojave Wells. Sundown, a streak of
gold, would quickly fade to blue, and
then darkness.
  Bud Hickman came from the Desert
Well and went straight to the hitch rack,
where he untied his horse and swung into
the saddle. Simultaneously with Bud’s
move, Pete Asher came riding from the
rack beside the Prospect. It was not a
casual move. They intended to deceive
nobody, not even the sheriff of Mojave
Wells. The cowboys of both outfits were
in the street, watching intently.
  Bud came straight to the sheriff, and
fifty feet behind him was Pete. Bud’s
face was grim, his mouth set in a thin
line.
  “I’m pullin’ out, Buck,” he said softly.
“Would you mind handin’ me my gun?”
  The sheriff stopped whittling, tilted
forward in his chair and got slowly to his
feet. He looked closely at Bud, but said
nothing, as he turned and went into the
office. Pete moved in closer, but he and
Bud ignored each other. Ben sighed and
leaned against the wall.
  The sheriff came out, carrying a gun
in each hand. For several moments he
looked at the two men rather sorrowfully.
  “I reckon you’re pullin’ out, too,
ain’tcha, Pete?”
  Pete nodded quickly and held out his
hand for the gun. They had been friends,
these two, until a woman had come be-
tween them. Bud holstered his gun,
swung his horse around and rode slowly
down the street, looking straight ahead.
Pete accepted his gun, glanced at it to
see that it was fully loaded, snapped it
down in his holster and swung his horse
around, riding back to the center of the
street.
  Ben swore softly under his breath.
Both of these men were good revolver
shots.
  “Goin’ to be a funeral around here
—mebbe two,” he muttered. “Why
don’tcha stop it, Buck? Gawd A’mighty,
this ain’t right! Look at Bud—he’s
turnin’!”
  “You didn’t expect he’d run away,
didja?”
  The contestants in this desert town
drama were two hundred feet apart,
facing each other, both horses moving
slowly. They had both played a square
game. There was no advantage now.
Two hundred feet is a long shot. Both
men had drawn their guns. Bud’s horse
was dancing a little, and he spurred it
viciously.
  Pete waited.
  Ben’s hands were gripping the wall
beside him. He had seen gun fights
before, but they had all been unpre-
meditated affairs. This one was too
much like an execution. The groups of
cowboys were as immobile as dummy
figures. Even the horses at the hitch
racks had ceased moving.
  Bud and Pete were closing the gap
between them, closing it slowly, each
waiting for the other to make the first
move with a gun. They were only a
hundred feet apart now. It was close
enough. But neither of them made a
move to lift his gun.
  Ninety feet; thirty yards. Either of
them could hit a tomato can at that dis-
tance. Eighty feet! Horses walking
slowly. Seventy feet; sixty feet. Twenty
yards now. They were almost in front
of the sheriff’s office. Ben laughed fool-
ishly. It would be a double funeral. He
had seen Bud shoot the head from a
prairie dog at that distance.
  “It’s a nice evenin’ for it,” said the
sheriff rather inanely.
  And then it happened!
BOTH guns came up at exactly the
same instant. Ben’s eyes snapped
shut and he turned his head aside.
  Came a tiny ping, hardly louder than
the mere snapping of a revolver hammer.
Another and another. Bud’s eyes jerked
open. The two riders were thirty feet
apart, leaning forward in their saddles.
Not a shot had been fired.
  With a swift movement, Bud Hickman
swung out the cylinder of his Colt and
emptied the cartridges in his hand. Every
BY ORDER OF BUCK BRADY
45
 primer had been dented. There were
 marks on the bullets, marks made by the
 jaws of a pair of pliers.
    Pete was swearing viciously, as he
 drew cartridges from his belt and started
 to stuff them in his gun.
    But the sheriff halted him with a sharp
  word.
    “Damn you, you pulled the powder on
 my shells!” snarled Pete.
    “Yeah; and I’ll pull somethin’ else out
  of you, if you make one more move,”
  said the sheriff calmly. “C’mere, Bud.”
    Bud rode up to him, still holding the
  empty gun in his hand. Pete had quit
  trying to load his gun. They looked
  coldly at each other.
  . “You boys hadn’t ort to fight,” said
  the sheriff calmly. “Both of you goin’
  off kinda half cocked, as you might say.”
    The men from both outfits had moved
 in close now, trying to understand what
 it was all about, their enmity all but for-
 gotten in this queer turn of events.
    “I pulled them bullets,” admitted the
  sheriff. “I don’t reckon either of you
  showed any yaller streak. You played
  v the game square, and I like you both for
  it. Personally I kinda enjoyed it. It
  was like lookin’ at a sliow. I was the
  only one that knowed how it would turn
  out.”
  “Was it any of your damn’ business
how it turned out?” demanded Pete
hotly.
  “In a way, it was, Pete—” calmly.
“Barrin’ my friendship with both of you,
and my position as sheriff, it still was my
business, in a way. Now, you two boys
was aimin’ to kill each other over a
woman. Yeah, Ben told me about it.
You might thank Ben instead of glarin’
at him.
  “He liked both of you, and he didn’t
want no killin’ done; so he told me about
it. I don’t think for a minute that this
Smith girl would care to have you killin’
each other over her. Most girls don’t.
Anyway, it was a sucker idea, because
there ain’t no Smith girl around here any
more; so you was tryin’ to kill each other
for nothin’.”
  “What do you mean?” blurted Bud.
  “The Smiths ain’t moved away,” of-
fered a cowboy.
  “If you hadn’t had so much killin’ on
your mind, you might have found out
that me and the Smith girl was married
over a week ago. You boys better go
back and have your spree, as soon as
you give me back them guns, ’cause I’ve
got work to do.”
  “Whittlin’?” asked Bud blankly.
  “Lookin’ for somethin’ to whittle on.”
A Story of the Teak Forests of Siam
        By CLARK BROCKMAN
WILLIAM SOMMERFIELD,
the British teak loalla in
charge of the work in the Me
Mai concession of the Further
India Corporation in North Siam, satin the
campchair in frontof his tent. Before him
stretched the dark walled avenue cut
through the jungle a few months before by
a wild tropical storm. Across its farther
end flowed the Me Mai, still muddy from
t he recent rains. On a high limb of a dead
cottonwood tree rising from the opposite
bank, two grotesque hornbills carried on
their amours.
  Sommerfield stretched his long, angular
arms luxuriously and inhaled the opiate
fragrance of the slender white blossoms of
the dawlc cham pee. He gazed at the patch
of brown water down -the avenue. A great
teak log floated lazily on its muddy surface.
A faint smile twitched the corners of his
firm mouth. He ran his long fingers
through his thin, sandy hair. That log
was a straggler.
  During the preceding forty-eight hours
there had been a rain the like of which had
not been heard of in years, and more than
twenty thousand logs that had been lying
in the dry bed of the stream for eight years
had been floated out to the river and started
46
elephant
g-he
  WHITE
THE WHITE ELEPHANT
47
on the way to Bangkok. In those few hours
he had justified his recent transfer to the
Me Mai. He had succeeded where others
had failed. It had meant almost thirty
hours of’ constant toil, but it had been
accomplished, and fourteen hours of sound
sleep had put him in the best of spirits.
 It was ten o’clock in the morning, and
the boy was just removing the breakfast
dishes. Sommerfield had decided to take
a day off. He would inspect no logs. He
would break his way through no jungle.
He would rest, read his mail and get what
pleasure there was in life for a jungle
walla exiled from civilization.
 When the breakfast dishes had been
removed, the boy brought out the stack of
mail that a carrier had brought from
Chiengmai the day before. Sommerfield
had been too tired to read them then, but
gazed at them hungrily as the boy placed
them on the table. He crossed the tanned
knees between his shorts and golf hose
and settled himself for a comfortable
morning.
  His feeling of satisfaction and content-
ment was dispelled by the first letter he
read. It was a letter from Hodgkins in
Bangkok. At varying intervals Hodgkins
sent to all members of the company a copy
of his Further India Teak Tirade, a breezy
letter giving the news and gossip of inter-
est to every member of the company. The
letter which Sommerfield opened was
written in a more serious vein than was
habitual with Hodgkins. The first para-
graph was as follows:
TEAK WALLAS TO BE DISCHARGED
    Yesterday it became known that the rumors
  which have been afloat for the past two months
  are confirmed. The lease on the Prae Jungle
  which was denied the Further India Corpora-
  tion on the ground that the government would
  itself extract the teak, has been granted to the
  Compagnie General d'Extreme Oriente. As
  this is the last uncut jungle in the country, the
  work of the corporation will probably end with
  the work now under .way. Unless the company
  is able to do something immediately to ingrati-
  ate itself with the government, there will be no
  chance of finding further work for the assist-
  ants. As only two men can be used in Burma,
  the jungle wallas may expect to have home leave
  and discharges within the next two years.
  Sommerfield reread the paragraph. He
knew that it was not official, but he also
knew that it contained more truth than
poetry. He cursed the day he had signed
up with the company and cursed himself
for not resigning years before, when he
would have been able to get into some
other kind of work. For twelve years he
had given the company his all, and now he
was to be turned out with no hope for the
future.
E CURSED the government.
  “A bunch of fools clutching for
a straw like a drowning man,” he
muttered. “Currying favor with France,
with the hope that if the crash comes
French troops will keep the king on his
throne. And why the crash? The igno-
rance of blind fools. The tradition that
if Buddha approves of a new king, a white
elephant will be born in the kingdom.
Can’t the new king reign without a white
elephant? But, no, he calls in all the
mossbacks as advisors. They get excited
because there is no white elephant. Their
fright spreads to the people and the rulers
fear insurrections conjured up by their
own imaginations. Damn them!”
  He pictured himself in England looking
for a position. He knew he was not fitted
for work at home even if he could find it.
His years in the jungle had made him
“jungle shy”. He was afraid of people. He
spent the Christmas holidays on hunting
trips with some other jungle loallas, be-
cause he was afraid of the crowds that
gathered at Chiengmai and Lampang
during the holidays. He knew he would
be terrified if he had to accept a position
in a place where there would be a lot of
people around him.
  His last home leave had been pleasant
in a way, and yet the only times he felt at
ease were those when he was in a big arm-
chair in a corner of the club, talking to
another jungle man, who was also on
leave.
  “Boy!” shouted Sommerfield.
  The boy appeared from behind the tent.
  “Whisky soda.”
  The boy disappeared and in a moment
48
CLARK BROCKMAN
was back with the bottles and a glass.
Sommerfield poured himself a stiff drink
and gulped it down.
  The boy’s eyes opened in amazement.
“The Nai drinks, yes, but he does not
go at it with both feet in the trough as the
Americans do,” he said to himself. Be-
hind the tent he gave vent to his surprise.
“Bad news from Muang Nawk—the
foreign country—” he announced, and
discussed the possible nature of the news
with the cook and coolies.
  When Sommerfield had finished his let-
ters he ripped the wrappers from the six
copies of the Bangkok Times, arranged
them in chronological order and started to
read. The lurid details of the strike in
England, and the general unemployment
situation offered a strange fascination.
He was.reading a description of how col-
lege students were running the busses in
London, when one of the men from the
elephant camp rushed into the clearing.
  “Sir, Father Eclipse of the Moon is on
must. Maa! he is as terrible as a cholera
breeding spirit. He has been tied, but he
is breaking loose and we can do nothing.”
Sommerfield’s first impulse was to say
that he did not care what happened, but
he smothered the idea. He was still
in charge of the work on the Me Mai.
Father Eclipse of the Moon was the great
tusker who had succeeded in breaking the
stacks of logs that had formed in the
stream during the high water and had
made it possible to float the logs down the
river. They had expected the tusker to go
on must. Black oil had been oozing from
his must holes for several days, but during
the rise in the stream, Red Moon, his
rider, had been able to control him.
“Where is he?” demanded Sommerfield.
“Tied to a tree in the elephant camp,”
replied the native, “but he is breaking
loose and we can not get near him.”
“Has Nai Kow called in the other ele-
phants?”
  “No, sir, we are all trying to get a rope
around his hind legs.”
  “Has that descendant of stupid buf-
faloes never heard that trained elephants
can hold a wild one while he is being tied?
Tell him to call in the other elephants.
Hurry!”
  The man disappeared down the jungle
trail on the run. Sommerfield picked up
his heavy walking stick and followed more
leisurely, but at a rapid walk.
  Before he reached the camp he could
hear the bellowings and trumpetings of
the great tusker as he struggled to break
loose from the bonds that held him. Now
and then he could hear the shout of one of
the natives.
WHEN Sommerfield came into the
clearing of the elephant camp, he
saw Father Eclipse of the Moon
standing beneath a great tree. He was
bellowing and growling. His mammoth
head swung from side to side, his ears
flapped, and his tail lashed angrily.
Around him a group of natives in their
blue, red bordered suits and black tur-
bans were busily engaged in getting in
each other’s way, but keeping clear of the
elephant.
  “Scions of generations of pariah hounds,
shut up,” commanded Sommerfield as
soon as he reached the group.
  The men stopped their shouting and
waited for orders.
  “Have you sent for the other ele-
phants?” Sommerfield asked of Nai Kow,
the headman of the camp, who Som-
merfield insisted was the living proof of
the soundness of the Darwinian theory.
  “Yes, sir. I sent six men to find them
and ordered them to come quickly.” Nai
Kow’s beady little eyes shifted as hespoke.
  “Do you think he can get loose, Red
Moon?” Sommerfield asked the great
tusker’s rider, who had been darting in
almost under the elephant’s feet in at-
tempts to slip a noose over its hind legs.
Red Moon was tall for a native, broad
shouldered and muscular. He was so
quick, energetic and resourceful that
Sommerfield thought he must have some
Chinese blood in him.
  “Sir, last night I hobbled his front feet
and chained them to the big tree. ,Then I
tied his two hind feet to those two trees.
I knew he would be like a cholera spirit
THE WHITE ELEPHANT
49
’ today. He roared and bellowed all night
and at dawn became even more angry.
Maal he pulled and snorted and puffed
like one of the fire wagons at Chiengmai.
He broke first one of the ropes holding his
hind legs, and then, after much jerking and
pulling, broke the other. I did not become
worried until he started to break the hob-
bles. I have never seen an elephant break
a' six ply rattan hobble; but see, two of
the strands have been broken.”
  While Red Moon was speaking, Father
Eclipse of the Moon was milling around
the tree, snorting, trumpeting and bellow-
ing. He was fighting desperately for free-
dom. He was moving so continuously
that it was with difficulty that Sommer-
field was able to keep his eye on the
hobbles.
  Father Eclipse of the Moon had jerked
and twisted his feet so viciously that the
links of the chain had worn through two
tough pieces of rattan and it was only a
matter of time before the others would be
broken and then there would be trouble.
The nine foot tusker was normally gentle
and docile, but demented by the pressure
of the must glands on his brain, he would
kill any one in his path.
  AS SOMMERFIELD watched, the big
/A elephant jerked back on his bonds
-*• until the chain was taut. He
bellowed, slapped the ground with his
trunk and curled the tip around the stray
ends of rattan. He twisted and pulled so
viciously that the tough plaited hobbles
were wrenched almost out of shape.
Another strand broke.
  “Ropes,” ordered Sommerfield.
  “Here, sir,” said Red Moon.
  Sommerfield tied a running noose on
the end, drew out a big loop and handed
it to Red Moon.
  “Lay that on the ground there beside
his back feet. If he steps in it, jerk up-
wards and pull quickly.”
  Without hesitation Red Moon ran in
close to the animal’s feet and dropped his
rope. Father Eclipse of the Moon kicked
viciously, missing him by inches. With a
stick Red Moon straightened out the
noose, so as to give plenty of room for the
big feet.
  “Get poles and beat him on this side.
Force his rump around over the noose,”
ordered Sommerfield.
  Themenobeyed eagerly. They pound-
ed, beat, and jabbed his hind quarters
with anything they could lay hold of.
Father Eclipse of the Moon reacted to the
punishment by bellowing the louder, kick-
ing more viciously and straining to get
loose. He was stepping on the edge of the
loop time and time again.
  The men became excited and a little
careless. One of them, with a light bam-
boo, got his pole too near the elephant’s
head. Father Eclipse of the Moon lurched
suddenly, extended his trunk, wrapped it
around the stick and twisted it from the
man’s hand.	i
  “Jump!” shouted Sommerfield, but it
was too late.
  Although the pole was wielded awk-
wardly, it descended on the man’s back
and knocked him to the ground. In a
second the great foot was over his pros-
trate form ready to crush out a life and
grind a body to a pulp. Sommerfield was
among the men before the foot could de-
scend, and he broke his heavy walking
stick on the animal’s toes. The move-
ment of the foot was delayed a fraction of
a second. During that moment, Nai Kow,
who had caught the man’s foot, jerked
him out to safety.
  Father Eclipse of the Moon, robbed of
his prey, became more violent, and slashed
madly with his pole. The men were al-
ready out of range. Bellowing and roar-
ing, he whirled the pole above his head
and hurled it at the group. His aim was
bad and the pole missed the men by several
feet. He was still as far from the noose as
ever, and another strand had been broken.
  Sommerfield ordered the men to try
again, and Red Moon moved the noose
closer.
  Father Eclipse of the Moon lunged
backward again. The fifth strand gave
way under the tremendous pressure.
  “Run for your lives!” shouted Sommer-
field.
50
CLARK BROCKMAN
  The warning was useless. The men
were already disappearing. The Britisher
knew that he was in greater danger than
the others. He could not reach the cover
of the jungle before the tusker would be
upon him. A house would be of no protec-
tion, as Father Eclipse of the Moon could
knock it to a pulp in one charge and Som-
merfield could not climb a tree like a
barefoot native. He looked for a tree that
was easy to climb and yet strong enough
to stand under the charges of an infuri-
ated elephant.
  “The rope!” shouted Red Moon, as he
pointed to the rope hanging from a large
tying tree a few yards away.
  Sommerfield ran for it, made all the
height he could on his jump, and started
laboriously up toward the branches.
Something caught his legs and he was
lifted a full two feet. It was Red Moon.
With his hands under the soles of Sommer-
field’s feet, he helped again. TheBritisher’s
hand caught the limb. He raised his legs
and wrapped them about-it affectionately.
  As he raised his chin above the branch
a wild trumpet of rage echoed through the
jungle. Sommerfield saw that the great
tusker had broken loose from the tree and
was gazing around as if bewildered, his
trunk outstretched and his ears cocked.
  “Hurry,” whispered Sommerfield.
THE TUSKER caught sight of the
dangling figure, and with another
trumpet, charged.
  Red Moon was coming up the rope like
a monkey. Sommerfield braced himself in
the branches, reached down, caught the
rider’s hand and with one jerk swung him
to the branch, as the elephant’s extended
trunk caught the rope and snapped it as if
it had been a piece of twine. Furiously,
Father Eclipse of the Moon charged the
tree. It shook, but held. Again the
elephant charged.
  “He can’t get us,” panted Red Moon.
“This will never come down.”
  The tusker tried again and bellowed
with rage.
  In the distance, Sommerfield caught
cries of warning.
  “Take your elephants away! Father
Eclipse of the Moon is loose. Flee!”
  Father Eclipse of the Moon also heard
the cry, and made off in the direction of
the sound. As he passed a sapling he
snapped it as if it had been a reed and
disappeared into the jungle, waving it
over his head.
  Both Sommerfield and Red Moon sat
motionless listening to the crashing of the
undergrowth. When the noise of the
charge was no longer audible they could
still hear an occasional trumpet and an
angry bellow. Even these sounds died
out in the distance. Slowly they came
down, and as they did, they saw the men
slipping from trees and emerging from the
surrounding wall of jungle.
  Nai Kow was the first to arrive.
  “Send for Sewai,” ordered Sommer-
field. “Tell him to bring his poisoned
arrows and shoot Father Eclipse of the
Moon. Tell him that I will give him ten
ticals more than the usual price if he gets
him today, but also tell him that I do not
want the elephant shot full of arrows.
Just in the foot and just enough to cripple
him temporarily. You understand?”
  “Kow chai—understood,” replied the
head man.
  He turned to one of the men and gave
the orders, telling the man to make all
possible speed.
  “Sewai is not at home,” broke in a deep
voice.
  Sommerfield turned to see who was
speaking. It was Panya, the aged and
shriveled spirit doctor, who was some-
what of a demigod in the district, because
of his supposed control over the legions of
evil spirits that daily harassed the jungle
people. Sommerfield had known Panya
for years and had had long and interesting
talks with the old man on the subject of
spirits and exorcism. Panya was no
charlatan. He was a real student of his
profession and honestly believed in his
amulets and formulas.
  “Where is Sewai?” asked Sommerfield.
  “He has gone to shoot Paa Luang,
Chow Rajaboot’s tusker who has been on
must for the past two weeks and has
THE WHITE ELEPHANT
51
already killed two men, wrecked a village
and killed one of the prince’s best ele-
phants and gored several others. As long
as Paa Luang only killed men and wrecked
villages, the choio did not bother about
him, but when he started killing other
elephants, the chow became excited. He
told Sewai to shoot him immediately.
That elephant is a devil at all times, but
when he is on must he is worse than a
spirit tiger. He will kill anything he
sees.”
  “When did Sewai start out to find Paa
Luang?”
  “Only about an hour ago. He ought to
find the elephant today, because when last
seen, Paa Luang was not far away and was
coming in this direction.”
  Sommerfield turned to Red Moon.
  “Go find Sewai and tell him I will give
him fifteen ticals extra if he cripples
Father Eclipse of the Moon before night.”
  AFTER a few questions as to where
Sewai might be found, Red Moon
started off hurriedly. The camp,
which had been deserted, now assumed
its normal appearance. The men sat in a
circle discussing the rage and fierceness of
the great tusker. T^ie men told Panya of
his terrible strength and how he had
broken loose. The stories they told were
such wonderful fabrications that Sommer-
field stayed to listen.
  As the tale was nearing completion,
Boon, the rider of a quiet female elephant,
rushed up breathlessly.
  “Bua Kam calved this morning and the
calf is an albino!” he exclaimed. “She
would not let me get close to touch the
calf, but. I could see the hairs on his tail.
They are white, as white as cooked rice!”
  The group of natives stared at Boon
as if he had announced the end of
the world. They were incredulous, be-
wildered, stunned.
  “It is true, Nai Som-er-fee,” he said,
turning to the Britisher. “It is true. I
thought I was crazy when I first saw it.
I rubbed the eyes. I pounded the head. I
looked again. The hairs on the tail are
white! And there are five toes on the
right front foot. I saw them, too. His
whole body is pinkish and covered with
white hairs.”
  “Where did you get your opium?”
asked Sommerfield.
  “Nai Som-er-fee, I do not smoke opium.
I sell my allowance of opium every month.
It is true. Come and see.”
  Sommerfield knew that it was possible
that the calf was a white elephant, or
albino, as the Siamese word should be
translated; but he also knew that the
chances against its being a white elephant
were more than a thousand to one. If it
were a white elephant, he knew it was a
startling event—an event important
enough to bolster up the tottering desti-
nies of the government. He recalled the
letter from Hodgkins. “Unless the com-
pany can do something to ingratiate itself
with the government—” Ingratiate itself?
If it were really a white elephant, the com-
pany could get anything it wanted. He
would not be discharged. He would not
have to look for a situation in England.
For a moment Sommerfield saw a long and
pleasant career as a jungle walla stretch-
ing out before him and then put the
thought out of his mind. Why raise false
hopes?
  “Nai Som-er-fee, I believe Boon is tel-
ling the truth,” said Panya, the spirit
doctor. “Many omens have foretold the
birth. You have just witnessed the last.
Father Eclipse of the Moon is the young
elephant’s sire. You have seen an exhibi-
tion of strength and power which, to my
knowledge, no elephant has ever dis-
played. This morning Father Eclipse of
the Moon went on must and at the same
time the young elephant.was born. That
prodigious strength of the great tusker
was the strength of Buddha. The white
elephant will be as strong as his father,
and the king will be as much greater than
other men as Father Eclipse of the Moon
is greater than other elephants.
  “I have noticed other omens. Prob-
ably Nai Som-er-fee did not notice that
three days ago there was a large white
cloud in the eastern sky which took the
form of a white elephant. The head was
52
CLARK BROCKMAN
fully formed and at first the trunk hung
down with a slight curl at the tip; but as
I watched, the trunk curled over the fore-
head as if the cloud elephant were saluting
the king. As the sun set, the whole body
of the cloud elephant was changed to a
deep pink, which, Nai Som-er-fee knows,
is the real color of an albino elephant. The
tail remained white long after the rest of
the body had been colored by the rays of
the setting sun, and I doubt not that it
will be found that there are white hairs on
the tail.”
  “It is true,” broke in Boon.
  “And if his tail is white,” continued
Panya, “he is a white elephant in spite of
any other qualities he may lack. Nai
Som-er-fee has heard the old proverb:
‘When buying an elephant study his tail;
when buying a wife, study her mother.’
“That, Nai Som-er-fee, was the first
omen. Then, that night, there was a rain
the like of which has not been heard of in
this region for a hundred years. There
was no stint to Buddha’s generosity. I
have been told that your company floated
out logs that have been lying in the bed of
the Me Mai for over ten years. That rain
flooded rice fields that were parched,
and it will flood rice fields from here to
Krung Tape—Bangkok—as it flows down
the river.
  “After such a rain as that to usher in
his representative, would God Buddha
give us an elephant that is only partially
white? I have not seen, Nai Som-er-fee,
but I believe that the elephant is white, as
Boon has told us. I believe that the new
king has great merit and that God is
showing his approval by sending an ele-
phant perfect in all eight points. He is
also showing his approval of the company
by having his representative arrive in its
herd. The company has great merit.”
OMMERFIELD smiled in apprecia-
tion of the old man’s corfipliment.
“Nai Panya, how does this show
that Buddha approves of the new king?”
“The ancient tradition says that there
is a white elephant born in the kingdom
whenever a new king comes to the throne
—if that king has the approval of God
Buddha. It he does not have the approval,
no white elephant is born. The white
elephant is therefore the representative of
Buddha. Some say that it is Buddha
himself coming in the form of an elephant,
but I doubt that. That Buddha did come
to earth once in the form of a white ele-
phant is beyond question—every priest
will tell you that—but that was many
years ago.
  “In ancient times the king sent princes
to escort the white elephant to his palace.
A gorgeous hall was erected in the palace
grounds for his abode. Dancing girls and
musicians were in constant attendance.
He was fed by slaves in splendid uniforms,
who offered him food on platters of silver
and gold. A body of priests were appointed
to chant prayers before him and also to
give him instruction in conduct and man-
ners. Singers from the royal opera sang
him to sleep. He was treated as the
Buddha himself might be treated.
  “But the late king forgot the ways of
his ancestors and the white elephants
were put in stables and lacked attention—
at least, so I have been told. He died a
young man. But Buddha is honoring the
new king, and the birth of this elephant
proves that the new king has great merit.
I have heard people say he was unworthy
because no white elephant was born, but
now here is the proof of Buddha’s favor.
Who dares doubt now?”
THERE was a murmur of approval
when the old man finished speaking.
After waiting a few moments the
spirit doctor continued:
  “Some time ago Nai Som-er-fee told me
that there was no significance in names.
He told me that I was not wise simply
because my name Panya, means ‘Wise’.
Perhaps he will say that Bua Kam—
Moon-white Lotus—the name of the
mother elephant, has no connection with
giving birth to a white elephant. Perhaps
he will say that Nai Boon, the rider, is not
lucky although his name means luck.”
  “I am indeed lucky, Nai Som-er-fee,”
said Boon’ his frank young face all aglow
THE WHITE ELEPHANT
53
and his eyes shining with excitement.
“Princes and nobles will come for the
elephant. A hundred of the greatest
tuskers in Siam, richly decked with gor-
geous howdahs or gold embroidered trap-
pings will escort the white elephant; and
I as the mother’s rider will be envied of
all. The king will give me a uniform and
maybe presents of silver and gold.”
  “We shall go to see this calf and deter-
mine whether it is a white elephant or
not,” said Sommerfield. “One look is
better than many omens, Nai Panya.”
“Bai; bai! Let’s go; let’s go!” shouted
the men in chorus, but Boon interrupted.
  “Nai Som-er-fee, I met a man who was
on his way to the temple. I told him the
news and asked him to send the priests
here as soon as possible. Would Nai be
willing to wait for them?”
  Sommerfield was eager to see the cere-
monies that would be performed, and
assented.
  “The priests are necessary,” said Pan-
ya. “We shall all do obeisance to the
young elephant, and then the priests will
say prayers for his health and wisdom.
When they have finished I will chant
incantations to drive out all evil spirits
that may hurt him or cause him to become
sick. Every care must be taken for his
health, else we may be severely punished
by the king. If he should die before he
gets to Bangkok, we would indeed lack
merit. The king will wreak vengeance
upon every one of us. It is an honor to
have a white elephant for the king, but to
have a dead one is disaster.”
IT WAS not long before the priests
entered the clearing. They came in
single file with the old patriarch of the
temple leading the procession. Immedi-
ately behind him was an acolyte carrying
his elaborately embroidered ceremonial
fan, haversack, and betelnut box. Behind
these came four other priests with acolytes
carrying their ceremonial equipment.
  A group of novices dressed like their
seniors in brilliant yellow robes came next.
Last of all came the villagers, men,
women, and children, all in their holiday
attire. They made a colorful picture,
with panungs — trousers—and pasins—
skirts—of every color of the rainbow.
Many of them carried great silver bowls
filled with scented water and sweet smell-
ing flowers. The priests were given the
place of honor in the group, the men
mingled with those present, while the
women and children formed a second
group a little distance away, but close
enough to hear the conversation.
  While the new arrivals rested, Nai Panya
told of the omens he had noticed, and then
Boon described the young elephant.
  “Bai," said Sommerfield, when they
had had time to rest.
  “Bai,” shouted the men, and off they
started with Boon leading the procession,
Sommerfield next, and the others fol-
lowing in the order of their rank. Boon
took a trail leading to the stream, crossed
it, and headed for the salt lick about a
mile from camp. He skirted the clearing
and started up the ridge behind it. It was
broiling hot, and the villagers straggled up
the path, panting. Through the trees
could be seen the outline of Bua Kam, the
mother elephant. She had heard them
coming and was headed in their direction.
  “Tinee dee quoi. Here is better.” said
Boon.
  The crowd protested. They wanted to
see the white elephant. They had not
come to look through the trees at the head
of an old one.
  “She is in a very bad humor,” exclaimed
Boon. “She almost charged me this
morning when I went close.”
  An argument followed. It was settled
by Sommerfield, who announced that he,
with Panya, Boon, and Kow, the headman
of the camp, would go closer to determine
whether or not it was really a white ele-
phant.
  The four started forward quietly.
  Boomp!
  Bua Kam slapped her trunk on the
ground so fiercely it sounded as if some
one had broken the biggest drum in the
village temple. The four stopped short.
Behind them they could hear the frighten-
ed cries of two or three children.
54
CLARK BROCKMAN
  “Mai dai. It can’t be done,” whis-
pered Boon.
  “Dai! It can!” insisted Sommerfield.
  Boomp! warned Bua Kam.
CAUTIOUSLY Sommerfield made his
way through the undergrowth.
Boon was right behind him, but the
other two kept timorously to the rear.
Bua Kam continued her warnings until
Sommerfield was within ten yards of her,
and then let out a nasal shriek.
  Through the bushes before him, Som-
merfield could se6 the little clearing that
Bua Kam had trampled down. In the
shade of a tree lay the calf. It was of a
pale red color and seemed to be covered
with light fuzz. Its toenails were white
and there were five on each hind foot
instead of the customary four. On its
tail the larger hairs stood out, white and
stiff. The eyes were closed so it was
impossible to tell their color; but whether
they were black or pink made no differ-
ence. The calf was an albino—a white
elephant, a representative of Buddha, the
indubitable warrant of a favored king.
  “I think he needs water,” whispered
Sommerfield. “See how he is panting.”
“Yes, water. He has no water. God
Buddha, he has.no water.” Boon’s whis-
per was hoarse as if he also needed water.
“We must bring water. Here >on the
ridge there is nowaterand the little onecan
not walk down the steep hill. She can not
carry him and will not leave him to get
water. GodBuddha! Ifheshouldperish!”
Like a wild animal he darted noise-
lessly through the bushes to the place
where the priests were waiting. When
Sommerfield arrived, a prayer service for
the little elephant was in progress. Seated
on a decaying log, his ceremonial fan
before his face to prevent thoughts of
mundane things from creeping into his
mind, was the head priest. On the ground
before him with elbows on the ground and
palms together in the attitude^ of prayer,
were the brown villagers. Heads were
bowed low to the ground or thrown back
with faces uplifted to the leafy dome
made by the great jungle monarchs whose
branches spread out between them and
Nirvana.
  Prayer after prayer fell fervently from
the shriveled lips of the aged priest.
  When the priest had finished his pleas
for the mercy of Buddha, Panya, the
spirit doctor, took charge of affairs as
naturally as if it were a part of the same
service, as indeed it was. The priest saw
nothing incongruous in it. Why should
the people?
  But Panya’s tactics were totally differ-
ent. His was not the attitude of a sup-
pliant coming to a greater power for help.
He stood before the spirits of the jungles
with shoulders back and head up. He
called them by name, dared them to lay
so much as a finger upon him who was
their master. He reminded them that the
spirit he controlled was greater than they,
singly or collectively. He recounted his
marvelous deeds and threatened to bind
them and tie them for eternity if they
did not accede to his will.
  He ordered all spirits of disease and in-
sanity away from Bua Kam and the white
elephant. He called in the thirty-two
good elements which are necessary to the
health of men and animals alike. Spirit
after spirit was called upon and ordered
to perform certain duties.
  The angry bellow of an elephant broke
through the stillness of the jungle. It
was not Bua Kam. It was from the op-
posite direction. The animal trumpeted
and bellowed again. The confident,
haughty expression on Panya’s face
seemed to be frozen there. He stared
incredulously in the direction of the noise.
Some jungle spirit was evidently dis-
puting his authority.
  The crowd was in a panic. They could
hear the crash-crash, as the elephant
broke wildly through the jungle. There
was another trumpet. With one accord
they started down the steep path toward
the salt lick. Men and women dropped
the silver bowls and spilled the scented
water which they had brought to sprinkle
on the sacred animal. The smaller chil-
dren were swung up to their elders’ hips
and carried off in the rush for safety.
THE WHITE ELEPHANT
55
The trumpeting was closer. Panya was
among the first to seek shelter.
  Sommerfield caught a thick vine that
hung from the branches of a great teak
tree and made his way upwards. Boon
was right behind him. Halfway up,
Sommerfield stopped to laugh. The
situation was in a way ridiculous. He had
had many experiences with elephants, but
he had never before been forced to climb
to safety twice in the same day. After
all, it was a pleasant interlude in the dull,
monotonous routine of jungle life.
THEY were well concealed in the
dense foliage when the elephant
appeared.
  “Paa Luang!” gasped Boon. “It is the
chow’s elephant. If he does not follow the
people he will kill the white elephant. He
has attacked every elephant he has found
since he went on must. We have no
merit. We have no merit.”
  “You are right,” said Sommerfield to
himself. “We have no merit.”
  He had not allowed himself to count too
much on the change in the company’s for-
tunes that would follow the advent of the
fetish, but he had felt a peculiar exulta-
tion when he had Satisfied himself that
the calf was actually an albino. Why
should hope be dangled momentarily be-
fore his eyes and then snatched away?
  From his high perch Sommerfield saw
Paa Luang crashing through a clump of
bamboos. He was one of the largest ele-
phants Sommerfield had ever seen. He
was a stately beast that would make a
wonderful showing in a procession; but
his tusks which were four feet long, curved
inward, so that they almost touched at
the tips. They would be in the way of an
elephant working with teak logs, but for
show they were splendid. Long black
streaks of oil oozed from the must holes
above the elephant’s eyes.
  The elephant trumpeted again. An
answering trumpet was heard. Boon
clutched Sommerfield’s arm. That trum-
pet was not from Bua Kam either. It
was too far away. The tusker stopped in
his tracks, cocked his ears, and felt the
air with his trunk. He trumpeted. It
was answered. He bellowed and kicked
up the ground with his front foot. His
challenge was again answered, and Som-
merfield could hear a crashing of trees in the
direction of the newcomer. Paa Luang with
another growl, charged through the jungle
in the direction of the white elephant.
  “Boon, your knife,” whispered Som-
merfield. “Throw it. Stop him.”
  As the tusker passed under the tree, the
rider drew his heavy j ungle knife from its
sheath and hurled it at the animal’s head.
The aim was good. About six inches of
Paa Luang’s scalp was opened to the bone.
Paa Luang ducked his head, hunched his
shoulders, and backed. As he started
forward again, Boon hurled a dead limb
which checked him a second time.
  “Back, worm!” shouted Boon, but a
trumpet from the other side of Bua Kam
held the elephant’s attention. He trum-
peted and charged.
 The head and shoulders of Father
Eclipse of the Moon broke through the
jungle around the clearing in which the
young calf lay. He passed the mother
elephant without seeming to notice her
and rushed on to the fight.
  With heads up, trunks curled tightly
between their tusks, ears fanned straight
out from their heads and tails held high
and stiff, the two tuskers rushed at each
other like two locomotives under full
steam. Their heads dropped low and
came together with a reverberating bang.
  It seemed that one of them would cer-
tainly be stunned by the impact, but both
went at the fight as if nothing has hap-
pened. Each animal strained and pushed
as he grunted and roared. Round and
round they went in a circle. Paa Luang’s
tusks were longer, and although he could
not get them to the sides of Father
Eclipse of the Moon, he did rake them
back and forth across his chest. Moon’s
shorter tusks could not reach Paa Luang
so long as they kept head to head. Both
elephants strained with tails high and
lashing furiously.
 “Phra Buddha Chow!” murmured
Boon.
56
CLARK BROCKMAN
BLOWING, grunting and bellowing,
the two elephants struggled. At
first neither seemed to be able to
get an advantage, but Father Eclipse of
the Moon was stockier and could use his
weight with greater effect. Gradually
Paa Luang lost ground. With a tremen-
dous effort Moon pushed him back a full
foot. At the same time Moon ducked
his head and disentangled his tusks which
had been straddling the long slender ones
of his foe. As quick as a cat he twisted
his head to the left and sank his right tusk
into Paa Luang’s tough chest. Before the
chow's elephant could take advantage of
his own unprotected side, Moon’s head
was back and their tusks were interlocked.
At that game, Paa Luang did not have a
chance. His tusks curved together and
were so long that only at an angle could
they do effective damage.
  Again they struggled in a circle with
heads lowered, straining and grunting.
Again Moon tried to slip past his oppo-
nent’s guard to make another thrust, but
Paa Luang lifted his head suddenly to
keep the short tusks from slipping free.
So suddenly did both elephants move and
so fierce was their attack, that the long,
slender tusks of Paa Luang were broken.
Two stubs remained, one a foot long, the
other over two. The ends were jagged
and sharp.
  The maneuver had disengaged their
tusks. Moon, with his head below Paa
Luang’s, lunged forward for a deadly
thrust, but the short jagged tusk caught
him between the eyes and tore the skin
from his forehead and raked it back be-
tween the ears. The heavy skull had pro-
tected his head, and Moon had sent a
second thrust into the massive chest.
As Moon drew back for a second lunge,
Paa Luang backed and dropped his head
to the defensive. Again they maneuvered
in a circle. Bellows of pain mingled with
those of rage.
  Paa Luang became desperate as he felt
himself being pushed back. He exerted
every ounce of strength in a supreme
effort. Moon went back. His hind feet
struck a decaying log and he faltered.
Paa Luang was upon him in a flash. Moon
struggled to maintain his balance. Paa
Luang caught a ragged tusk in his shoul-
der. He thrust again into Moon’s right
side, and was making a third jab as Moon
regained his balance and whipped his
hind quarters to the left. Paa Luang’s
jagged tusk raked Moon’s leathery side.
  Like a demon Moon tore into Paa
Luang’s unprotected flank. Once, twice,
three times, Moon sent his tusks home.
Bellows of pain echoed through the jun-
gle. Then they were head to head again,
tusks locked and heads lowered.
  Moon’s thick tusks were now between
his enemy’s broken stubs. With a tre-
mendous effort he forced Paa Luang back.
He shoved again and suddenly raised his
head. His tusks fitted closely around Paa
Luang’s neck. Moon seemed to expand
upward. Both elephants’ forefeet were
off the ground. Still Moon was coming
forward. Suddenly he twisted to the
right. Paa Luang was unbalanced and
fell to his side. He did not move. His
neck had been broken.
  But Father Eclipse of the Moon was not
through. Time after time he thrust his
tusks into his prostrate foe, stamped on
him and knelt on him and stamped on
him again. He seemed controlled by a
demon. He was even more savage than
during the fight.
  Bua Kam gave a quiet, coaxing call.
He stopped suddenly and faced her,
bleary eyed and wild. She approached
him fearlessly. The call was repeated.
She slipped her flexible trunk over the
wound on the fighter’s head and seemed
to tickle his ear. Father Eclipse of the
Moon, swaying and heaving from his
exertions, looked at her with dull, stupid
eyes. The quiet coaxing sound was re-
peated.
  Bua Kam turned back to her calf and
ran her trunk over his little body as if
caressing him. She felt the dry, panting
mouth. Father Eclipse of the Moon fol-
lowed. He too ran his trunk over the
little form, but he did not seem to be
caressing it. It was more as if he were
trying to decide just what it was. Bua
FREE WOOD
57
Kam stepped gently aside as Father
Eclipse of the Moon slipped his reddened
tusks gently under the calf. With his
trunk across the little animal to hold him
firm, Father Eclipse of the Moon lifted
him from the ground, held him high in
the air and slowly, with Bua Kam at his
heels, started down the ridge, down to
water.
  Neither Sommerfield nor Boon moved
for some time. Finally the words “Phra
Buddha Chow” slipped reverently from
the native’s lips. As Sommerfield reached
the ground, he noticed Panya, the spirit
doctor, waiting for him.
  “Did you see, Nai Som-er-fee?” asked
Panya.
  “I saw,” replied Sommerfield.
  “It was Buddha,” said Panya. “The
strength of Buddha broke the rattan
hobbles when Father Eclipse of the Moon
tried to get away. It was Buddha that
brought him here to protect his white
elephant. It was Buddha that gave him
the strength to win. The king has great
merit.”
FREE WOOD
 By Leonard H. Nason
A GREAT many houses in the Basque
country of France have been built
^ with what looks like second hand
lumber. The beams of the ceilings, the
supports of the barns and the balconies
that are the feature of every Basque
farmhouse all show signs of having been
used before.
  To the average* observer this would
mean nothing except that the Basques
were a thrifty race and had probably
built their houses from the wreckage of
former habitations. Once in a great while,
however, some visitor to the Pays Basque
discovers that these massive beams in the
ceiling, these gigantic corner posts, are
ships’ timbers.
  The beams of the ceiling are mostly
stringers, easily recognized by the scars
of doweling and notching where the
frames were attached. In the center of
the room is usually a strake or a huge,
two foot square timber that has served
some vessel as keelson. One never sees
knees, those natural wood angles that
are used to support the deck. This is
explained by the fact that at the time
these houses were built the shipbuilders
were accustomed to use heavy ledges
instead of knees, maintaining—and per-
haps rightly—that these ledges added to
the longitudinal strength of the ship.
  Whence came all this timber?
  The writer set himself to find out. The
writer likes to talk to Basques, because
they speak very wretched French, and so
does the writer. Well, then, after a great
deal of asking, the writer found a Basque
who thought that he, the writer, was
English, and wishing to insult him, said
that the beams came from captured
English ships. This was passing strange.
The histories make no mention of the
French taking enough English ships to
furnish the entire department of Basses
Pyrenees with houses.
  The Basque swore that it was so. He
said that in the Napoleonic wars a man
lived in Hendaye who was a great sailor.
This man’s name was Pellot, and he was
alive in 1850. He defeated the English in
fight after fight, and brought so many
prizes into Saint Jean de Luz that the
authorities forbade him to bring any more.
  It is said that a man could walk from
Ciboure to Saint Jean across the bay, a
distance of over a mile, simply by stepping
from one deck to another. It is these
ships that were broken up and distributed
piecemeal to any one who would cart
them away, and their bones were put into
the supports of farmhouses.
 The Ice Goes Out
By FRANK RICHARDSON PIERCE
    A story of Alaska, in which honest men and
    crooks proposej but inscrutable Nature disposes
THE HAND of winter was on the
North country.. The sap had not
started to run. Valley, stream
and mountain, in the grip of the
ice, lay like something dead.
  And then it changed. Slowly the sun
began to swing north, and long before the
sap began to run, or the first flight of
birds, men began discussing the ice pool.
  The ice pool!
  Not January 1, but the break-up, mark-
ed the beginning of the Northern year.
Welch and several others would handle it
this year. They had handled it for several
years and given satisfaction. The ice pool
was the great sporting event that sur-
vived. The Nome Sweepstakes and other
dog racing events had lost their import-
ance; had dwindled as Nome itself had
dwindled. But the break-up each spring
was the nearest thing to a lottery that
remained under the American flag.
58
  Sometime late in April or early in May
the ice went out. Men sent in their
money and with it the day, hour, minute
and even second they believed the ice
would go. Luck governed the contest, for
no man could tell the exact hour. The
man coming nearest to the moment of the
break-up won the pot, less the expense of
holding the event.
1EACH spilled the contents of his poke
on the rough cabin table.
“Enough,” he muttered, “to buy
twenty ice pool chances. This year I’m
going to win! Each year I’ve come nearer;
each year the pool has been larger, but
this year I win!”
  “Don’t be too sure,” Atridge, his part-
ner, observed.
  Leach stretched himself and stepped
outside. The air was almost balmy; the
sky a deep blue; the mountains stood out
THE ICE GOES OUT
59
sharp and clear. The sap was running in
the willows, but then a willow is a foolish
sort of tree and frequently buds too soon.
The creek on which their cabin was lo-
cated was frozen down to its gravel
bottom. Leach looked into the sky and
a peculiar hardness grew in the muscles
around his jaw. A flock of geese was fly-
ing northward to some open body of salt
water. A willow may be foolish, but
geese know.
  “This year,” he repeated, “I win the
ice pool!”
  Atridge did not speak for several
seconds.
  “I think,” he finally said, “I get you.
But don’t you mean this year we win the
ice pool?”
  “Yes, if you want to go in on it—fifty-
fifty. Otherwise I’m counting on you to
keep your mouth shut!”
  “I’m with you; what’s your plan?”
  “We can’t lose. I’ve worked it all out.
Last winter when you thought I was
brooding and maybe had cabin fever I was
figuring to win the pool!”
  “What’s your plan?” Atridge repeated.
“Easy! Blow the safe in Welch’s store
and go down the river ahead of the break-
up. What chance*has the marshal with
the whole country flooded. I know of a
dozen cabins in the lower country where
we can hide out. Nobody will know
whether we’ve wintered there or just
arrived. Nobody knows we’re here! And
we won’t show ourselves in the camp.”
Like most prospectors he spoke of any
thriving town as a camp. Originally it
had been a gold camp. From it a town
had grown.
  They camped on the outskirts of the
community a week later. Excitement
was on the increase. It was late April and
money was coming from every part of the
world. From traders and Eskimos in the
North; from trappers, miners and business
men throughout Alaska to men of poverty
and wealth alike who chanced to be spend-
ing their declining years in warmer
climates. To some it merely meant
thumbing a bill off a large roll; to others
it meant a sacrifice. Back of it all was the
sporting blood of another day prompting
them to take a chance; whispering that
they had as good a chance to win as the
next fellow. Loudly they might declare
they knew they didn’t have a chance, but
the faint voice of hope whispered—
  “But, maybe you have.”
CON WELCH opened up his place
of business to find the mailbox
crammed with envelopes. One,
larger than the other, attracted his atten-
tion. He opened it. A small poke of gold
dropped into his hand. With it a note
which read:
  ice pool committee:
here’s enough placer gold to
  BUY ME TWENTY CHANCES. i’m
  GUESSING THE ICE GOES OUT AS
  LISTED ON THE ACCOMPANYING PA-
  PER. I EXPECT TO WIN THIS YEAR,
  SURE. I’m SENDING THIS UP BY A
  SI WASH THAT I KNOW IS HONEST.
  MY ADDRESS IS KLAHOWYA LANDING.
                  YOURS TRULY,
                 —MACK LEACH.
  “From the lower river country, eh?”
Welsh mused. Coming by messenger
there was, of course, no date or postmark.
“Hang it. I wished that Siwash had show-
ed up in daytime. I’d like to have asked
him some questions about the lower river
country. Well, Leach, here’s hoping.
Twenty chances will give you the edge on
a lot of others, but the man with one
chance often wins.”
  He opened a safe, already crammed
with gold dust and bills, added the con-
tents of the poke, entered the name and
times in a large book and filed the letter
away.
  Men were already working on the ice.
In the center of the river a tripod had
been erected. Just below it a wire had
been strung across the river. On the town
side the wire was connected to a clock as
well as a siren. When the ice moved the
tripod was carried against the wire. The
clock registered the exact time and the
scream of the siren proclaimed the ice
60
FRANK RICHARDSON PIERCE
was going. Then the camp went mad.
  The last of the entries arrived that day.
The contest was now in the lap of Mother
Nature.
  Con Welch’s safe was closed and locked
until the great day when the winner
appeared to collect. Robbery? The
thought never occurred to any one in
camp. There hadn’t been a theft in
years. Escape was too difficult in a land
where all movements of humanity must
of necessity converge at the neck of the
bottle—the steamers connecting the
country with the outside world.
  No telegraph line reached the camp,
and yet, by a curiously circuitous method
the miners learned that the ice was be-
ginning to break far up the river. White
Horse sent word to Vancouver and a
Vancouver radio station broadcasted the
news. A local set picked it up. The camp
waited. A day or two; perhaps only a
matter of hours, and the question would
be settled.
  A low boom startled Con Welch. He
opened his eyes and listened.
  “There goes the ice!” he cried, and
rushed to the window. The tripod had
not moved. He rubbed his eyes and
waited. “Must have been dreaming.
That sure sounded like ice breaking!”
  He returned to the warmth of his
blankets and dozed off. At six o’clock his
telephone rang. A voice came crisply
over the wire:
  “Con, this is Kenmore speaking. How
much money did you have in that safe?”
“Roughly, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars. Why?”
  “She’s been blown. Get down here as
quick as you can!”
A MOB had surrounded his store when
Con Welch arrived. Each man
*• had made his guess on when the
ice would go out. Each felt himself rob-
bed of twenty-five thousand dollars. The
men buzzed like hornets and they were as
greatly aroused.
  “I’ve got a dozen men circling the
camp,” Kenmore, the marshal, explained.
“If they’ve taken a trail out of camp
we’ll catch them! Your place ain’t so
badly wrecked as it looks. The job was
done by men who know how to use
powder, but don’t know much about
safes!”
  Con nodded.
  “Half the men in camp can use pow-
der!”
  Even as they talked a deputy hurried
up.
  “We’ve found a trail. It ain’t much,
but they went out over the ice. There’s
at least two of 'em!”
  Twenty men were standing about,
ready for the trail and spoiling for a
chance to take part, backed by authority.
Kenmore picked his men.
  “We’ll travel light,” he announced,
“and have others follow us up with grub.
We’re taking to the ice before she goes!”
  They fairly raced down the frozen
surface. A half hour gained now was
equal to several hours hard work once the
ice was gone.
  An hour later they caught the scream
of a siren behind them. It was a sound
that never ceased to thrill them. Other
whistles in camp took it up and with it
came the ringing of bells and the crack of
pistols and rifles.
  “I wonder who won,” a deputy won-
dered.
  “It won’t make any difference,” Ken-
more replied, “if we don’t overhaul the
crooks!”
  Something cracked ahead of them.
They ran swiftly and leaped an opening
in the ice. Water began to pour through,
spreading slowly over the smooth surface.
It would be a tough job, returning. An
hour later they reached Boulder Creek
and Kenmore threw up his hands and
groaned. “They knew what they were
doing. Timed things just right. We’ve
got to quit the ice!”
  “There’s a bend in the river,” one of
them shouted. “If we cut across it will
save something!”
  “Lead off!” the marshal ordered.
  The roar grew louder. First the ex-
plosive sound of breaking ice, then the
grinding of millions of ice cakes as the
THE ICE GOES OUT
61
flood waters lifted the ice bodily and
carried it toward the sea. Here it strand-
ed on bars and piled cake on cake until a
dam had been formed. There it broke
through the banks and relieved for a
moment of pressure, while the country
was flooded.
  They crossed the bend in the river and,
instead of the smooth surface they had
desired, a churning, ice dotted flood filled
the course to the banks. They ran madly,
taking turns at trail breaking; helping
one another over the bad places. Min-
utes counted. It was a tossup whether
they could cross the flat country ahead
before the water flooded it.
  They cut across to the stream once
more and followed along the bank. Here
the river had broken through a low moun-
tain range after ages of effort. Walls were
of granite, scraped by the ice of thousands
of years. A panting deputy cried out with
excitement—
  “Look at that!”
ICE HAD choked the gorge and the
river was climbing the sheer walls.
But in the midst, leaping from cake to
cake, were two figures. They seemed tiny,
when compared with the vastness of the
breakup. They moved with desperation;
falling, fighting, each for himself, but
working toward the jam.
  One man looked up and saw the posse,
but a greater danger confronted him. Ice
cakes were being sucked into a vortex that
poured through an opening in the jam.
He judged his situation carefully, leaped
at the right moment and was on the jam
proper. He did not look back at his com-
panion, but climbed upwards, knowing
that if he gained the top and the smooth
ice beyond, the posse had no chance;
knowing too, that if he failed, the river
would demand its toll.
  No word passed among the posse as it
watched. They knew the ice, these men;
knew that the might of the river was
exerting tremendous pressure to overturn
the jam; knew that in the end the river
would succeed.
  One of the men gained the top; the
other was halfway up. For an instant the
leading man was outlined sharply. He
waved his hand in defiance and far be-
neath a cake of ice weighing tons groaned
in agony, then burst.
  A man in the posse cried out at the
drama. The river had won. The whole
jam was moving. Cakes and blocks
shifted and the tiny figure of a man was
hurled into the stream an instant before
the jam overturned. Another dot, a
thing of arms and legs, fighting a river,
remained on top of the shifting ice a
moment, clawed for a niche on the bank
and then fell back. The river, with its
burden of ice moved on toward the sea.
 The youngest member of the posse
stood where the jam had once held the
flood waters of an empire in check.
  “Do you suppose . . . ?” he ventured.
“No,” the marshal answered, pointing
to a spruce log three feet through at the
butt. It was a sound timber from heart
to bark but it was now a pulpy mass being
destroyed by the ice. “The only thing
that’ll ever be found, son, is the gold nug-
gets. And maybe the river will keep even
them. The rest will be destroyed. Well,
boys, let’s go back and report. Some-
body’s out twenty-five thousand dollars.”
Eagerness to learn who won the pool
spurred them on, long after muscles cried
for relief. Near camp, a supply party met
them.
  “Got the crooks?” one of them in-
quired, slipping a pack from his broad
shoulders.
  “No. They’ve gone down with the ice.
Say, who won this year?”
  “Kind of an empty victory,” the packer
replied. “According to Con Welsh’s book
it was a feller named Leach.”
  In the distance the ice ground its way
to the sea.
Beginning
ghe Roaring Horn
By GEORGE ALLAN ENGLAND
CHAPTER I
TWO BIRDS OF EVIL OMEN
  AT JASON MELLISH’S dingy,clut-
/ % tered desk in Jason’s cluttered
/ % and dingy office that bleak
February day, one old man was
sitting with another not so old. And
what the two were plotting dipped into
crime so monstrous that, even for the
love of money, it seemed hard to think
men would conspire to such ends. A
prime pair they made in wickedness, this
old ship owner and this shellback sea
captain of the hard fisted, deep water
school.
  “Done?” exclaimed Jason, in a voice
harsh as the rasp of a file. “Of course it
can be done! Come, come, set everything
taut and shipshape, Bohannon, and take
a bingo chance. When there’s a little
job like this to do, a job with a full cargo
of cash in it for your own hand, you’re
the devil’s own boy to do it!”
  Bohannon—Captain Isaac Bohannon
of the seven seas—leaned back in his
complaining chair and with the heel of
his calloused hand rubbed bits of plug
tobacco in his other palm, for his black
pipe. A charged silence hung between
the conspirators. For a long moment the
captain stared at the window-panes
against which drifted the fog of South
Street. Only a dull light—for it might
have been four of the afternoon—seeped
through those grimy panes; but even that
cheerless glimmer revealed the office as
one of the old type now passing away.
62
A novel of a condemned windjammer and its
shanghaied crew on a tempestuous voyage
around the world's worst corner
  Pictures of an-
cient windjammers
that once had flown
the Mellish house
flag hung askew
against the walls.
On top of an obso-
lete safe lay tat-
tered copies of
Lloyd’s Register,
from sailing ship
days. Two or three
half models, a little
crude but revealing
the love and care
of forgotten lob-
scousers who had
used their watch
below to carve
them, depended
from rusty wires.
A whale’s jawbone
stood in one dafk
corner. And on
shelves reposed va-
rious dustycurios—
a balloon fish, two
varnished flying fish
affixed to boards, a full rigger in a bottle,
Chinese brass gadgets, a pierced metal
ball with a lamp inside it, odds and ends
of trinkets.
  The same bleak, wintry gleam that fell
upon these trifles showed Captain Isaac
Bohannon as a bull necked bucko of
sixty-odd, going a bit bald, with dangerous
looking pale blue eyes under bushy and
graying brows. The eagle beak of his
nose, dented by a scar that wiped across
the prominent cheekbone, gave witness to
one of his many battles. His thin gash
of a mouth twisted a bit as he made
speech:
  “Yes, I’m the devil’s' boy to do it, if I
mind to. But if we miss stays, there’s
one hell’s flamg’s
long stretch in quod
for both of us. Not
as I care how long
you count cell bars.
You’d be doing a
hundred years, hand
runnin’, if you got
your dues!” The
captain’s voice was
spotted with hostil-
ity, as he filled his
pipe and fired up.
“It’s myself I’m
t h i n k i n ’ of,” he
added, with a huge
outblowing of
smoke. “No jails
for mine, thankee!”
“Clew up!” re-
torted Mellish, with
a pull at his sagging
lip, loose over a
white bristled and
unshaven chin.
“Clap a stopper on
all that, Cap’n.
Don’t you go
worrying about jails!”
  The old ship owner squinted from be-
hind his steel rimmed glasses, which were
mended with wrappings of black thread;
for in his squeeze penny philosophy a
farthing saved was better than two
earned.
  “Stress o’ weather and a rotten, hogged
old chump of a ship off the pitch o’ Cape
Horn—who’s to prove it?”
“Never can tell,” the captain growled,
with sullen smoldering eyes. “Somebody
might blow the gaff and bring charges.”
“Won’t be anybody to bring charges!
When it’s over—”
  “Yes, I know. They’ll all be to Davy
Jones, and gone. That is, if it works
64
GEORGE ALLAN ENGLAND
right. But there’s sometimes a slip in
these little barratry games. They don’t
always wash. Some scut—God stiffen
him!—might make a fetch of pullin’
through, and shoot his gab.”
  The ship owner shook an uncombed
head. His gesture was dismissive of
peril.
  “The long drill round the roaring Horn
—that’ll take care of all hands!” he
mouthed, while his pale lips slewed into
an avid twitch. “Come on, Cap’n, don’t
hang in irons!”
  “I might hang in a rope, if—”
  “There’s no if to it! We can always
count on ten months o’ bad weather, off
the Horn. You’ll make it by the end of
April. Things’ll be piping, then. The
Horn—she’ll take care of everything.”
“She might take care o’ me, too!”
Bohannon retorted with splenetic em-
phasis.
  “How so, when you’re safe ashore in
Buenos Aires?”
 “Ah! You mean? I see! Hmmm,
that’s better!” the captain admitted, as
their two lines of understanding now
began to run more in unison. He leaned
forward, immense of shoulder in his hulk-
ing pea-jacket. .“So that’s the lay? But,
if I quit the ship?”
  “What’s to hinder your deciding you’ve
got to put in at Buenos Aires for repairs?
What’s to prevent your getting sick
there? Fever, or—”
  “How can I get sick to order?” de-
manded Bohannon with some dubiety.
“Hell’s bells! Never been sick in all my
life—exceptin’ sick o’ ship owners!” The
captain grimaced bitterly about his well
chewed pipe shank. “And if I slipped
some spig doctor a few dollars to certify
I was hove down, he’d maybe have me in
a clove hitch.”
  “A man might break a leg, some way,”
Mellish expounded. “Or get himself hurt,
not too bad, if there was cash enough in
it for him, eh?”
  “Yes, that’s so.” The captain heaved
a deep breath, and smokily brooded. “I
get your drift. Well—”
  “You’re my man, then?”
  “I ain’t sayin* — yet. Might be,
though—if ...”
SILENCE stretched tensely between
the two conspirators, a silence troub-
led only by the dull rumor of truck
traffic on the gutty, drizzly cobbles of
South Street, the blurred hooting of
steamship and ferry whistles in the river.
A dirty day, that, congruous with the
business now in hand.
  “If what?” suddenly asked Jason Mel-
lish, under breath, eager to reach the
marrow of the bargain.
  “If what? Why, you dried up bundle o’
sea tripe, if you double your offer, that’s
what!”
  “Double it! My God, Cap’n!” The
ship owner quavered, horribly discounte-
nanced. “Where would I come in, then?”
“As if I gave a hoot in Tophet! I don’t
care where you come in—except in jail.
There’s my terms, and I’m goin’ to stick
to ’em!”
  “You’re driving a hard bargain,
Cap’n!” the ship owner whined. “A won-
derful hard—”
  “Hard hell!” Bohannon railed upon
him. “You’re a fine old pirate to be belly-
aching about hard bargains, you are!”
The glint of some ancient enmity, some
perhaps more recent grudge, flicked his
pale, cold eye. His fist, tattooed with a
blue foul anchor, smote the cluttered desk.
“Here you’re askin’ me to take a rotten
old choppin’ tray of a skys’l yarder and
sail her to the devil, put my own neck in
chancery for mebbe a ten year bit in jail,
drownd at least twenty-five men—”
“They won’t be men, not the kind we’ll
ship. Only common jacks!”
  “Human bein’s, anyhow. And I reckon
most of ’em wants to live as bad as a
sculpin like you! You’re askin’ me to
drownd ’em and lose the ship. And all
for why?”
  “Partly,” answered Mellish, “so you
can have ten thousand good dollars to salt
away in your pocket, for your old age.”
“Stop your gammoning! A devil of a
lot you care about my pocket!” the cap-
tain flung at him with an objurgation
THE ROARING HORN
65
{hereto. “Though if it’s anythin’, it’ll
be a fatter wad of money than ten thou-
sand. By the lovely ratline, it’ll be
twenty, and not a soumarkee less. It’s
what you’re goin’ to salt in the bank,
insurance money on hull and cargo, you're
thinkin’ about! All right. I’m yours to
oblige. But mind now, twenty thousand.
And paid on the nail, too, before so much
as ever a moorin’ line’s cast off!”
 “Hard terms, Bohannon. Wonderful
hard terms!”
  “Yes, and this here’s a wonderful hard
game.”
  The captain put a curt period to the
discussion. He blew thick gusts of smoke.
  “Take it or leave it. Go get a better
man than I am, cheaper—if you can!”
  “Lord bless me, it’s extortion! But—
well—”
  “Done, eh?” Bohannon demanded.
  Silently old Mellish nodded; and for a
moment silence held them once more, in
that dingy spider web where murder
wholesale was a-planning.
HEN all at once the old ship owner
spoke.
  “It’s my last job,” he declared,
rubbing a mottled and veinous hand,
toadlike flesh, across the flabby bags of
his cheek. “Sink or swim, I’m going to
try it. After that, I lay up. It’s coming
to me, something tidy is—” he sought to
salve his conscience—“after years and
years of a losing game. I’ve got to have
something to retire on, now that I’m
broken down from keel to truck. I can’t
starve!”
  “Not hardly, with all you got laid by!”
  “ ’Pon honor, I’m a poor man,” Mellish
affirmed. “For years now, I’ve been on a
lee shore with no way to claw off.”
  “Have, eh? Why didn’t you go into
steam, then, like the rest of ’em have,
mostly?”
  The ship owner sketched a vague ges-
ture.
 “Couldn’t,” he murmured. “Some
way, couldn’t get a handhold in it. I’m
of the old school. The old, windjamming
school. The world’s passed on and left
me hove down, Cap’n. I belong back in
another New York and another age o’
ship owning.”
  “Pathetic, ain’t you?” sneered Bo-
hannon. “Well, what can’t be cured
must be insured—right up to the trucks,
and lost at sea.”
  He tamped his pipe with a horny
thumb, and added:
  “I don’t want none o’ your guff, not by
a sailful I don’t. Whether you take your
canvas off and lay up, or not, don’t make
a damn’s odds to me. All as matters is
business, right now. A bargain’s a bar-
gain, and the least said the better.”
“You’re right, there, anyhow. No
long tongues wanted in this little
deal.”
  “We’ve both got to keep ’em damn’
short,” the captain affirmed, “to save our
bacon. But let’s clew up and see the
color of some cash! Though I know you
fair hate to fork over the rhino. It ain’t
for nothin’ that old Jason Mellish has
got the rep of bein’ so close he’d sell his
grandmother to make sausage skins of
her. Cash in advance, y’understand.
Let’s have a stain o’ rum on it, and get to
work!”
  The old ship owner bent, hauled open
the lowest drawer of his desk; fetched out
a squareface and two thick, dirty glasses.
He poured rum, slopping a little as his
hand shook. One glass he shoved toward
Bohannon.
  The captain -spatted his pipe sparkily
into the cuspidor and gripped the glass in
a hairy, tattooed paw.
  “Well, happy days!” huskily said the
old man.
  “And plenty of ’em!” Bohannon echoed,
gulping his liquor at a draught.
  The ship owner drank more slowly.
A little of the rum guzzled down his un-
shaven chin and dribbled to his waistcoat,
untidy with grease spots reminiscent of
slobbered food.
  “Ah!” he exhaled, setting down his
glass. “That suits me to the ground.
Good stuff, a raw day with a thick o’ fog,
like this!”
  “If you weren’t so damn’ stingy you
66
GEORGE ALLAN ENGLAND
wouldn’t pay a nickel to see an earth-
quake,” growled the captain, refilling his
pipe, “you’d keep a decent fire in that
rusty old stove o’ yours. Then it’d be
better here. But never mind., How,” he
asked cannily, “how about the c-a-s-h,
cash?”	’
“XT’S NOT for myself I need this
?■; maintops’l haul,” the shipmaster
remarked slowly, confidentially.
“There’s some one else.”
  “Is, eh? I never heard tell you’d been
spliced.”
  “I haven’t. It’s my nephew.”
  “So?”
  “Yes. Man, dear! Ah, there’s a lad
for you.” And Mellish nodded vigor-
ously. “I love that lad, I do!”
  The captain’s small blue eyes widened.
That old Jason Mellish had ever loved
anybody but himself, or could love, was
news for Bohannon. News of the most
amazing.
  “My sister’s boy,” the old man mur-
mured. “Only sister I ever had. She
died when he was a baby. He’s twenty-
six now. A fine figgerhead of a man, you
can bet and risk it! If you ever saw an
A-l, upstanding lad, it’s him. Knows
his ropes with the best of ’em. No better
cap’n ever took a ship out of New York
and brought her back again. Got his
papers in sail and steam, too. Clean,
square, brave. Knows his work, that
boy. Fine navigator. More than half a
doctor, too. Smart!”
  “He don’t favor you much, then,”
gibed Bohannon, squinting at the ship
owner in the slowly fading, wintry light.
“But avast talkin’ about him. What I
want to know is, when do I get some
rhino in my fist to bind this here bar-
gain?”
  “A fine, clean lad,” mused the old man.
“It’s the sorrow of my life he don’t—
won’t—have anything to do with me.”
“Won’t, eh? Ah, I think better of him
for that, now!”
  “But he will, he will, when I’ve got a
good fat bank account to show him. I
aim to set him up for life.”
  “Without,” the captain sneered mali-
ciously, “o’ course ever lettin’ him know
where the money come from. And where
is he now, this here precious nephy?”
“Wandering. He’s a seafaring man,
as I told you,” the ship owner went on,
unpercipient of Bohannon’s mockery,
“and a rare one, too. Good in both sail
and steam. You won’t find many like
him!”
  Something of old Mellish’s vulturine
expression had faded. Almost a certain
softness shadowed his blinking eyes.
Strange though it seemed that Jason
Mellish could care for any man, the truth
outstood that in his withered heart some
queer and twisted niche sheltered love for
this nephew of his. He leaned back and
in fond reminiscence spoke softly.
  “He’s a rare fine fellow, now I’m telling
you!”
  “Yes, yes,” the captain indifferently as-
sented. “But heave ahead to business!
Speakin’ about the money, now—the
twenty—”
  “Went deep water when he was only
sixteen,” pursued old Jason, “and think
of his having his master’s papers in both
sail and steam! You don’t find many like
that, his age. If he’d only cruise in and
see his old uncle once in a month of
Sundays—!”
  “Shows damn’ good judgment, he
don’t!” testily observed the captain,
pouring himself another drink, a stiffish
one. “Twenty thousand for the job,
that’s what I want out o’ you. By the
salt sea, yes, sir! In advance, too, every
penny of it!”
  “I don’t know where he is now.”
  The old ship owner doggedly pursued
his thought.
  “Last I heard he was chief officer on
a Blue Star freighter from Boston to
Havre and—”
  “For the love o’ God, Mellish, stow the
gammin’ about that blessed nephy o’
yours!” Bohannon interrupted, and
rammed it down with a stiff oath. “I
didn’t come here to yarn about your
nephy. It’s the job I want to talk about.
That, and the dinerol"
THE ROARING HORN
67
“'^t7'ES, YES, yes, to be sure,” assented
¥ old Jason, arousing as if from half
a revery. “The job, that’s gram-
matical. Well, then, you know the ship.”
“The China Girl, ain’t she?”
  “Yes, that’s right. The China Girl.
Last one I’ve got, now. Been a good one
in her day, too.”
  “Devil of a long time ago her day was!”
“Maybe, maybe. But she was good
once. She’s a deepwaterman, all right.
Wooden, Bath built three skys’l yarder,
fourteen hundred tons. Used to carry
passengers, too. Well fitted with cabins
for ’em, and—”
  “I know. I’ve seen her, a many and a
many a time. Been aboard her, too, in
Callao and Hong Kong. But she was
parish rigged even then and dirtier ’n a
hog. You always did go in for penny
squeezin’,” Bohannon affirmed, sucking
at his pipe. “I won’t drill on that part
of it, though. Question is, how is she
now? Must be pretty rotten. By God-
frey diamonds, yes!”
  “Pretty ripe, I’ll admit. A trifle un-
seaworthy,” the ship owner answered.
“A trifle hogged, as I’ve said. Framing
is weak. But she looks fairly good. Last
survey, a fitter I,knew put the thing
across and didn’t look too close. Masts
and rigging a bit weathered, but—”
  “But she’ll make the Horn, at least?”
“Yes. She’s not so bad it’d raise any
suspicions trying to send her round old
Cape Stiff, to Valparaiso.” All the keen,
buzzard greed and craftiness had returned
to Jason’s baggy features as he sat there
in the dimming light that filtered through
the one window obscured by dust and
cobwebs. He drummed with knuckly
fingers on the litter of his desk. “I can
get her clearance papers and fix up the
insurance right enough. Get a cargo,
too, of sorts.”
  “Mmmm! She’s always been a jinker,
though. Ain’t she?”
  “Well, not so good, for luck. That’s a
fact.”
  “Dog luck is what she’s had!” the
captain asserted. “Chronical black luck.
Always leakin’, goin’ ashore, killin’ men.
She’s been loaded to the hatches with
hoodoo, and no mistake. I reckon the
only one proud of her is the devil—and
you. Same thing. Mind how she killed
that man, young feller named Humason,
in a blow off Hatteras? Winter of ninety-
eight or nine?”
  “As I was saying,” the ship owner
ignored the reminiscence, “there won’t
be any question—”
  “That was a hard case,” Bohannon
continued. “He got killed on the lower
foretops’l yard, as I recollect it. Chain
sheet of the lower tops’l thrashed round,
looped itself over him, tore the whole
belly out o’ him, innards and all. Ship-
mates got him down from aloft, but he
went to glory in five minutes. Just been
married, too, afore sailing. A damn’ bad
take. Enough to jink any ship and make
it hard to sign a crew!”
  “Don’t you worry about a crew,” Jason
assured him, a bit grimly. “I’ll get a
crew, all right, if you’ll go captain.”
  “I’ve said I would, ain’t I? That is,
when I see the color o’ your cash! Where
is this here precious hell wagon of yours
anyhow?”
  “Tied up at Pier 7, Stapleton, Staten
Island. Been there, grounding on her
beef bones, ever since she came in last
September from Burma, with jute.
Ha’porth of tar and paint will fix her
up enough to reach the Horn. After
that—”
  “Well, let her have it. Mustn’t spoil
a ship for a ha’porth o’ paint and tar.
But mind, I’m a hearty feeder!” And the
captain vastly erupted smoke. “Even if
you’re forelayin’ to drownd all hands
but me, don’t scamp the stores. Not for
the cabin!”
  “I won’t. There’ll be grub enough to
last to the Horn, for you, anyhow,”
Mellish assured him. “Can’t afford to
stir up suspicions by not providing every-
thing just as if she was going all the way
round to Valparaiso. I’ll ’tend to that
part, don’t you worry!”
  “Get your cargo, Mellish.”
  “Right. I will.”
  “And crew.”
68
GEORGE ALLAN u ENGLAND
  “Yes, yes.”
  “I’ll pick up a few hands myself, too.
They’ll be proper good uns!” And
Bohannon grimaced in a manner intended
to be humorous. His scar tautened with
that grimace.
           “There was tinkers and tailors.
           And sodjers and all.
           They all shipped for sailors
           Aboard the Black Ball/"
he quoted the old sea rhyme. “That’ll
be us, all righto!”
  “Pick as poor trash as you can,” sug-
gested Jason. “I’ll do the same. Any
riffraff will do, just so you can work ship
with it. We don’t want to sacrifice decent
lives.”
  “Conscientious, ain’t you?” sneered
the captain. “Well, you’re one fine,
double riveted, copper bottomed old
hypocrite, I’ll say! But never mind.
When do we sail?”
  “Call it about a fortnight from today?”
“Right! And—my twenty thousand?”
“You’ll get it, cash in hand, when the
tug’s alongside. Not before!” Old
Jason’s eye glinted craftily. “I’m taking
no chances of your jumping ship with it,
and leaving me on my beam ends. Under
the circumstances, I couldn’t very well
recover.”
  “You’re damned right, you couldn’t!”
laughed Bohannon. “Sly old barnacle,
ain’t you? But don’t let it chafe you. I
won’t throw you, by crook. I’m honest,
I am! Burn me, yes! And when I’m
hired to do a job, I do it. Yes, sir, even
if it means sailin’ pretty dogfired close to
the wind, like this time. And this here
job is sure like a winter’s day—short and
dirty. I’ll take my davy on that!”
  “I don’t know,” mused Jason. “What’s
a few riffraff lives, after all? Too many
bums in the world, anyhow. As for the
China Girl, I’d rather she came to a
proper sea burial than have her really
get round to the Coast and sell her to the
salmon fisheries in Frisco or the timber
trade between there and Chile. Or have
her cut down to a coal barge or a scow.
Besides my needing the money.”
  “Don’t get mushy!” growled Bohannon.
“It’s the coin you’re set on, like iron.
Nothin’ but. Well, you’ll get it, by the
Law Clink! Your ship’ll get her bring-up
at old Cape Stiff, don’t worry. She’s as
good as on the rocks of the roarin’ Horn
this very minute—or to the bottom.
That’s all, now. You know where I
berth. Now I’ll pull away.” He stood
up, stretched mightily and jammed a
peaked cap on his baldish head. “So
long!”
  “A fine lad to raise money for, fair
means or foul,” the old ship owner re-
verted, sagging in his twine patched chair
by his desk. “Finest that ever spliced a
halyard or cussed a raynick. Worth
fifty gutter jumpers—a hundred! If
there’s a better sailorman on all the
Seven Seas than Roderick Tyson, I don’t
know where you’d cross his hawse!”
  Already at the door, Captain Bohannon
baused, turned round. His gray and
upshy brows contracted sharply.
  “What?” he demanded. “What’d you
say his name was?”
  “Tyson,” answered the old shipmaster.
“Roderick Tyson. Why? Know him,
do you?”
  “Er—no. I thought—thought you
said Hyson. Well, I’ll bear away!” And
Bohannon was gone.
  The door, closing behind him, left
Mellish still engloomed among the musty
memories of other and better days.
  On the twisty, unclean stairway, Cap-
tain Bohannon paused to relight his pipe.
The grip of his jaw was very grimly set on
it, with the match flame revealing his
scarred nose and cheekbone, the hard
salience of his chin. As evil a light as
ever glinted lurked in his pale blue and
dangerous eyes.
  “Smash my eternal old bobstay!” he
muttered. “Well, by the Law Clink, can
you beat that? Know him, do I? Well,
by God!”
  He flung down the match, savagely
trod upon it, and with sundry profane
mutterings clumped down the stair to
mingle with the crowd along the drizzly
sidewalk of the waterfront.
THE ROARING HORN
69
CHAPTER II
TO THE s’UTHARD
SNOW, sodden with a gray and pelting
rain, spread its dour carpet.over the
pier at Stapleton. The February
day lowered in consonance with the ugly
drama now being there begun, as the
China Girl—her cargo mostly second
hand steel rails for the Minas de Juncal
railway—put out to sea.
 Old Jason Mellish stood near the
stringpiece of the pier, watching his last
ship clear for what he felt was her last
passage. In silence he waited with thin
shoulders hunched up, an old wine colored
tippet about his neck and chin, his thread
wound spectacles blurred with rain. Did
any emotion lurk behind that baggy and
masklike face, no man could have fath-
omed its tenor.
  There the old man watched, one of a
little group of farewell sayers—a steve-
dore, a couple of roustabouts, even a
reporter who was getting a fairish story
from this sailing of one of the very last
skysail yarders. Unmoved he remained
there, thinking:
  “That’s a proper good cargo I’ve got
aboard her. They’ll rack her, the steel
rails will. Lord bless me, rack her won-
derful hard!”
  To his muffled up ears drifted the pluffy
coughing of the tug that hauled his ship—
how unwillingly she moved!—out toward
the gray and rain scourged Channel.
Before his eyes slowly passed and faded
the black, wall sided bulk, the soaring
masts and spreading yards of the old
China Girl. Silent, he stared, and glum.
Even a man like Jason Mellish, may he
not find it grips his heart to send a one
time gallant ship, at long last, out to her
death? And what may his thoughts be,
if any thoughts he have for them, about
the doomed crew there aboard of her?
  Captain Isaac Bohannon, richer by
twenty thousand dollars in yellowbacks—
money that by hard shifts Mellish had
raised for him—stood at the vessel’s star-
board quarter; stood and glowered in
silence at the old ship owner’s dwindling
figure. Bohannon had received those
yellowbacks from Jason’s mottled hand,
in the cabin, some ten minutes before the
old man had stiffly clambered down the
gangway ladder.
  All the while Bohannon had watched
the springs being taken in, forward and
aft, the singling of the head and stern-
lines, and (lien their casting off, the com-
fortable bulge of that money in his breast
pocket under his rain gleaming oilskins
had given him good cheer. With the
final “Let go forrard!” and the “Let go
aft!” he had felt the last bond severed,
whereby any possible loss of that fortune
might overtake him. Now the money
was his, all his, irrevocably his; and he
was rich! Richer than ever he had hoped
to be! The hard heart swelled within
him; and he smiled as a wolf, perhaps,
might smile.
  “You’ll get your money’s worth, you
damned old son of a one!” he was thinking
as the ship drew away. A very demon of
malice gleamed in the pale blue of his
eyes. “Your money’s worth, and then a
lot. If you knew, if you only knew—”
  He leaned elbows on the snowy rail,
spat into the swirling, sullen water and
sardonically grinned.
  “You’ll know soon enough, by gumbo,
but not too soon,” the captain’s thought
continued. “Not so soon that you can
stop it happenin’!”
  And with viperine relish he fell ponder-
ing about a certain letter he had written
old Jason; a letter he had left with a
friend in Brooklyn to be posted one week
later, not before. Thoughts of that
letter must have given Bohannon extraor-
dinary satisfaction, for they gendered in
his bull throat certain hoarse rumblings
that stood him in lieu of laughter.
  “You’ll be all ends up, old boy, when
you get that there letter!” the captain
savored his reflections. “A little of the
merry hell you’re ladlin’ out to others,
you’ll get it in your own dish, eh, what?
Hove on your beam ends entire, that’s
what you’ll be. I reckon any score I got
against you’ll be all paid up. And you’ll
be paid, too, for your murderin’ plot—
70
GEORGE ALLAN ENGLAND
paid in full, signed, sealed and delivered.
When you do know, Man Above! I’d
nigh hand give half the twenty, just to
clap my eyes on you then!” {
  Through gray rain curtains, 'the wharf
now was fading from Bohannon’s sight.
Laggardly dispersed, the little group
there began melting away. Still, how-
ever, the ship owner stood at the string-
piece, a motionless and muffled figure.
But all at once he raised a hand in signal
of farewell; not so much farewell to
Captain Bohannon as to the old and
dying ship, last of his line.
  In answer to that signal the captain
lifted his own hand and shook it. That
hand, though, was a fist. Then turning
inboard, Bohannon went below to drink
a glass of grog and brood evilly triumphant
on the cynic thing that had been done;
to gorge his spite by pondering upon the
letter predestinate one week from then to
shatter Jason Mellish.
UNDER a stiff quartering breeze the
China Girl toward four bells of the
afternoon watch was logging off a
matter of seven knots. Flurries of wintry
rain whipped a gray heaving and moder-
ate sea that cradled the old Girl as if to
lull her for her final rest.
 Doomed though Bohannon meant her
to be, still he had had her put shipshape.
Under the hard fisted persuasion of the
mates—William Furlong and Peter Mayes
—the waterfront scrapings which for the
most part comprised that scurvy crew
had been kicked and cuffed, horsed and
pushed and rustled about from station to
station, to bring matters into some sem-
blance of order.
  Even while still in tow, this work had
been going on. And by the time the tug
had dropped her off Ambrose Lightship
the China Girl had begun to assume a
certain air of reputability. Much had
been to do; all loose objects on and
around the decks to be secured for sea,
gear coiled down and made all clear for
running.
  Out of the sixteen men rated as A. B.,
hardly more than half knew one end of a
ship from the other. Even in cleaning up
decks, stowing away the hawsers and
making the anchors fast with sea lashings,
the intelligence of many had been over-
taxed; hence, oration of no gentle tone
from Furlong and Mayes. A lubberly
gang of canalboat sailors, that!
  All thumbs though some of the comple-
ment were, still they could pull and haul
after a fashion when the gear was put
into their hands. And presently out of
chaos emerged a certain kind of order.
This, despite the fact that some of the
haymakers were already seasick and not
only got in each other’s way but also in
everybody’s else.
  With tongue and fist the mates drove
them, waking up their crowd of shiners
with a will.
  “Come on now, lads. Masthead that
yard! Walk away with them halyards!”
And hesitantly the ponderous yards
inched up the masts, with complaining-
blocks and creaking parrals. Yards were
trimmed, sails sheeted home and gear
coiled ready on pins and rails. Two or
three of the clumsiest farmers had to be
manhandled for not jumping quickly
enough, but no great damage was done.
Captain Bohannon on the poop, mean-
while, watched with some ennui the
scene all too familiar through years of
having witnessed such in “wind wagons”
more often disreputable than not.
  At last they got the China Girl under
topsails and courses, and finally set the
maintopgallantsail.
  “That’s about all she’ll carry,” the
captain opined; and so for the present
they let it go at that.
 ALL HANDS were mustered aft as
/-% soon as the gear was reasonably
shipshape. A sorry looking com-
pany indeed they were, take it by and
large, as they lined up. A tough crew—
wharf rats, waterfront bums, wastrels,
pierhead jumpers. It seemed quite
obvious that some had left their countries
for those countries’ good; the countries
being several. Some had come aboard
without sea chests or dunnage bags,
THE ROARING HORN
71
having naught but the generally ragged
clothes in which they stood and shivered.
Others possessed a few rotten “slops”
that had perhaps one time belonged to
sailors now dead and had been foisted
upon them by shore harpies. Nearly all
were stony broke. The boarding masters
and Bowery doggeries had seen to that!
Some seasick, others with “hangovers”
from having been recently three sheets in
the wind, on bootleg, a miserable gang
they stood there shuffling on the snow
slushed deck, growling and cursing to
themselves. Unshaven and grimy faces,
foul teeth, rum bleared eyes—as an en-
semble of human ugliness, a fine picture!
  Captain Bohannon addressed them
from the break of the poop. His words
were few, but pithy.
  “You sons o’ sculpins, listen to me!
Some o’ you never been off soundin’s and
don’t know deepwater law, mebbe. So
I’m tellin’ you. I’ve washed my face and
hands in a bucket o’ sea water and by
that token land law and all is left behind.
I’m the whole sea breeze, now; the full
sail and the double reef, all in one, and
you ain’t thumb high to a flatfish! Get
me? If any o’ you cockabaloos got any
contrary notions, don’t try ’em aboard
me, or I’ll come across rugged and you’ll
damn’ soon find the wind took out of
your sails, entire. I’m ridin’ this one,
and you can lay to that, solid! That’s all,
and that’s enough!”
  Having said which, Bohannon turned
and went below for still another glass of
grog.
THE MATES, on whom devolved
the duty of choosing watches, eyed
askance their bewildered and booze
fuddled raw material.
  “Damn’ few lobscousers we got in this
lot, I’m thinkin’,” remarked Peter Mayes.
Second mate, he; a black Liverpool Irish-
man, short and bowlegged; a hard and
accurate hitter with belaying pin or fist.
“Good thing we got a cat aboard, even a
dirty alley cat, for a mascot. Sure, we’ll
be needin’ one!”
  “Great gang o’ farmers, all right,” as-
sented Furlong. “Even if most of ’em
wasn’t still beered up, carryin’ cargo,
they wouldn’t know the truck from the
kelson. ’Bout all the seamanship they
got is to know block an’ fall booze when
they see it, drink it, walk a block, an’
fall. But we’ll make ’em into proper
shellbacks, you can bet an’ risk it! We’ll
learn ’em or we’ll kill ’em, by God!”
Thus spake William Furlong, first male
of the China Girl. A six foot six, red
headed man mauler was Furlong, with a
countenance rendered even more sinister
by a bullet wound on the left cheek.
He had got that wound in a savage mu-
tiny some twenty years agone off the
coast of Sumatra.
  The bullet had stopped in his mouth,
after having knocked out two teeth. He
had spat the bullet into his hand just
before having, with his naked fists, killed
the mutineer who had fired it. Ever
since that day the nickname “Lead-
spitter” had clung to him. The wound
had puckered in such a wise as to draw
his lip into a perpetual snarl. Even in
his calm moods, which were few, Furlong,
looked as if about to commit homicide.
Now his snarl revealed carious teeth as
he repeated—
  “We’ll learn ’em seamanship, by God,
or we’ll kill ’em!”
  “Hell of a gang o’ haymakers to take a
ship round old Cape Stiff!” commented
the boatswain.
  Anthony Saltash his name was and by
birth a P. I. That name and his long
seafaring had given him a monicker less
printable than accurate, usually with the
adjective “old” prefixed. And a real old
salt he was, for all his seventy odd years;
tough as pig iron, well dusted by weather
and wind, a barnacle from heel to head.
  Now as he stood there, a squab figured
oldster in knee boots, reefer and peaked
cap, he sorrily surveyed the crew.
  “A healthy lot, the body bulk of ’em,”
he appraised, “but they’ll be healthier
afore we’re through up wid ’em, or dead!”
And he worried at his stringy gray mus-
tache. “Turnpikers!”
  “Ain’t above half a dozen sailormen
72
GEORGE ALLAN ENGLAND
in the lot,” complained Peter Mayes.
“Damn’ town rats. Look a’ them dagoes
an’ Dutchmen! Nigger, too! An’ if that
one there ain’t a Rooshian Finn, I’ll eat
my sou’wester. Everybody :knows the
kind o’ luck a ship carries with a Finn
aboard. Sure, that’s nigh worse ’n a
preacher or a woman!”
  “Barrin’ that gammy foot Newf’und-
lander we got to the wheel, now,” Lead-
spitter judged, “and a few more, I’ll be
tarred if the lot of ’em is worth the
powder to blow ’em to hell! How in
blazes we ever scraped up a bunch o’
sodjers like this gets me!”
  “Same here,” Mayes agreed. He spat
a great deal of tobacco juice over the
lee rail, now—as the sails were drawing
well—inclined toward the gray, smooth
seas boiling past; then, after a pause,
“That feller in the focsle, him the Old
Man had brung aboard last night, all
barreled up, sure, I wonder if he’ll be
any good?”
  “Looks like .he could hand, reef and
steer,” Leadspitter opined. “Looks like a
good sailorman from truck to toes. A
complete hand, I’d call him. A grand
built, fine grown young feller and a blue
water man, or I’m no judge. Soon as he
gets on an even keel we’ll turn him to and
soon see, by Judas Priest!”
  “Hope he comes out o’ his square
bender afore long,” the Irishman re-
marked. “We need good men, worse ’n I
need a drain o’ rum this blessed minute—
and that’s bad enough, Lord knows!
Work enough to do and a plenty.” He
glanced aloft at the swelling belly of the
maintopsail. “Well, we’ll preach the
boot and belayin’ pin gospel to ’em, all
right. We’ll convert ’em, or sure, nobody
else’ll never have the chance to. Now
then, here goes to choose watches, eh?
An’ A sweet, proper job it’ll be, at that!
Jumpin’ Jupiter, yes, sir!”
SOMETHING more than an hour
later, with the China Girl heeled
well over on a south southeast
course and with the rain abatecj to a
penetrant drizzle, the young husky of
their discussion dragged himself out of a
bunk on the starboard side of the forward
deckhouse, which served as a forecastle.
  For a few minutes he sat on the bunk
edge, elbows on knees and head between
hands, in the dazed anguish of the tor-
ment that throbbed his temples. Vague
and cold light through the deckhouse
ports showed him as a rather heavy
shouldered man in patched dungarees
and worn down jackboots. It revealed
his crisp set, chestnut hair, tousled all
awry, and—on the crown—blood stiff-
ened. But of his face, hidden by well
corded hands, nothing was visible.
  Some few dim figures lolling in bunks
or on the wooden benches at either side of
the table cast hardly a glance at the suf-
ferer. Incurious in their misery, they
left him to his own.
  Presently the man perceived the slow
roll of the ship, the slithering whisper of
the sea. Mustering at least enough
strength to look about him, he blinked
with bloodshot eyes, saw his mates, their
dirty canvas dunnage bags, a sea chest or
two, dingily battered. His forehead knit
in webs of puzzlement.
  “What ship’s this?” he demanded in a
dry, hoarse voice barely louder than a
whisper. “What’s her name and where
bound?”
 No one answered. One of the men
there present was a St. Pierre-Miquelon
Frenchman who had scant English.
One, a Swede who had little more; a
third, the Russian Finn, constitutionally
silent. Then there was a weasel faced
Cockney, sucking at a limp cigaret; and
near him a stolid, beaky nosed old Ger-
man, his cropped hair gray as a badger,
hands blue with tattooing, chin fringed
with a stubble of white beard. A lump-
ish, cross eyed negro blent with the deeper
shadows of the forecastle. Only one man
of all this flotsam appeared to take heed
of the sufferer; and this one was perhaps
most unprepossessing of all—an East
Side gangster and gunman, now nursing
bruises recently acquired.
  This gangster had found it prudent,
after a Chatham Square battle, to stand
THE ROARING HORN
73
not upon the order of his going but to go
at once. Fate had led him to Stapleton.
The China Girl had offered a haven of
refuge. He had made shift to stow away
aboard of her; but so clumsily that,
hardly half an hour after the watches had
been chosen, Leadspitter had discovered
him. Hence these bruises on “The
Dodger”, as was his elegant title in his
own world.
  “What ship and where bound?” re-
peated the man with the bloodied poll.
Still no reply.
  “Well, are you all deaf and dumb?”
The Frenchman shrugged indifferent
shoulders under his striped “gansey”.
The Finn lighted a pipe of willow wood
ingeniously carved, yawned with yellow
fangs and fell a-smoking.
  “A fine bunch of swabs you are!” the
sufferer gibed, sweeping them all and
severally with his contempt. “If I had
you aboard o’ my own ship, I’d soon have
something out o’ you!”
  “Ah, don’t get shirty!” the Cockney
retorted. “Gorblimey, it’s only another
billet in sail, an’ wot odds Vhere to? Too
soon to be funkin’ it, mytey. We all got
to stick it now!”
  The shanghaied man blinked stupidly
at the Londoner,* half seeing a pale face
with reddened eyelids and with a sickly
com colored wisp of mustache. Then he
perceived a water bucket on the table,
and his eyes brightened. Water! Ah!
  He got up unsteadily, staggered a bit—
for he had not yet got the feel of the ship,
the slant of the deck—and seizing a tin
cup drank deep gurgling draughts. He
drank still again, with the greedy thirst
of fever.
  “ ’Ot coppers, eh?” laughed the Cock-
ney. “You eyn’t the only one. Perish
my pinkies, no! Well, drink ’earty.
Though we’ll all need more than water,
’fore we’re through with this. ’Cos we’re
goin’ round the ’Orn, that’s wot. An’
if you eyn’t never been round the’ Orn,
Gawd ’elp you. That’s all I got to say!”
“What?” demanded the shanghaied
one. “Horn? Round the Horn? No!
Impossible!”
  “Fact, mytey! An’ you can’t ’op it
now, so it eyn’t no use to grouse abaht
it an’ that!”
  “My great God!” gulped the man, and
turned toward the port door. “The
Horn! No!”
HE BREATH sawed between his
parched lips as he jerked the door
back, admitting a gust of raw and
damp air to the stifling fetor of the deck-
house.
  “Hey, you!” snarled the gangster, with
a garnishment of oaths. “Shut that door,
you poor boob!”
  The man turned, with hard knuckled
fist.
  “Look out I don’t shut you!” he
menaced.
  The gunman’s eye gleamed from the
shadows, but he ventured no retort. A
moment the shanghaied man narrowly
measured him with a look that, for all its
inflamed pain, held steady; then he
stooped out of the house and banged the
door to.
  “Damned cattle!” he spat. “If I had
’em on mine, I’d clew and cat ’em quick
enough!”	p
  Reviving a bit under the stimulus of
the fresh, salt edged breeze, he made way
to the high bulwark just abaft the break
of the forecastle head, and stood a minute
looking off to leeward. Little enough
information he got there. Boiling tangles
of foam, gray rolling surges sullenly fad-
ing into mists, told him nothing save that
—though how he had come there, not at
all did he know—he was already far at
sea. Only the immense and primal soli-
tudes of the regardless ocean met his gaze.
  “The joke’s on me, all right,” he mut-
tered. “If I was a booze fighter I could
understand it. But—”
  He raised a hand to his head. A spe-
cial focus of pain there, and the feel of
clotted bibod, wakened nebulous mem-
ories.
  “Batted me, by gad!” he exclaimed.
“Ah, now—”
  Vaguely as through these same mists
shrouding the Atlantic, some colorable
74
GEORGE ALLAN ENGLAND
outline took form, of what must have
happened. He recalled having left his
own ship, the steamer Lyndon Castle,
lying at Pier 89, East River. That had
been at night; but what night, how long
ago, he could not tell. Somewhere at the
back of his mind, uncertain memories
wove. He seemed to have approached a
subway station, with purpose to go
uptown to a movie. Then—but though
film flickers palely irradiated the dark
places of his mind, nothing grew coherent
there.
  He rubbed his wounded head, once
more.
  “Batted me!” he growled. “Took me
abaft, all right. And maybe dosed me
with knockout drops into the bargain. I
wouldn’t so much mind being capsized in
a fair fight, but this! Well, by the mighty
typhoon, somebody’s going to pay for
this, that’s sure!”
STILL unsteady on his legs—hard-
muscled through the dirty and
ragged dungarees that now encased
them instead of the trim blue he last re-
called having worn—he made his way aft.
His gait, for all its weakness, revealed
him as a sailor. Only a sailor meets the
deep sea roll und*er his boots as he met it.
He passed the galley, the sailmaker’s and
boatswain’s quarters and the carpenter’s
shop, all in the forward house on which a
boat lay bottom up. Purposeful was his
going.
  No one gave him any heed. Two or
three raynicks were sweeping, clumsily
coiling braces. A couple of the more
experienced, with greenhorns to help them
and be cursed, were busy lashing spare
spars that lay along the deck. Why
should any notice him? Dirt and misery,
were they not too common aboard the
China Girl to excite even a passing glance?
  With the walk and set up of a true deep
waterman, hesteadfastlykepton. Instinc-
tively he cast an eye aloft. He saw a few
men—the best, these—placing crows’
nests or pudding bags on the mainstay,
forestays and crosstree horns.
  “Getting the bagwrinkle on her, he?”
thought he, and knew it prophesied a long
passage.
  The ship, he sensed, was dingy and ill
found, with slovenly Irish pennants
flickering from her gear aloft, and Geordie
patches spotting her canvas. Nothing
truly shipshape and Bristol fashion here!
Yet, outraged and suffering though he
was, still something stirred within him;
some recognition of the beauty of mast
and sail that not even time’s decay and
the neglect of man had quite been able to
obliterate. Loftily sparred, built on
graceful models of old days, the ship still
met her ancient comrades, wind and sea,
with something of her one time joyance.
  The shanghaied man breathed now
more deeply as with rucked up hair and
smoldering eyes he trod the scarred, foul
deck. He passed the main hatch, came
abreast of the main fiferail, and still pro-
ceeded aft. There, all at once, a harsh
voice hailed him:
  “Here, you! Where the devil you
goin’?”
  The man stopped short, peered from
beneath contracting brows. He saw a
huge, red headed, lumbering figure with a
scarred cheek, advancing upon him from
the weather side of the big iron watertank
just abaft the after hatch.
  “Heave to, there! Where you goin’?”
“Going?” the shanghaied man re-
peated the word. “Going aft, sir.”
  “What for?” was Leadspitter’s sum-
mary question.
  “I want a word with the captain, sir.”
“Oh, you do, do you? Well, this ain’t no
time for questions. Get along forrard!”
The eyes of the shanghaied man com-
menced to glower in his head. For a
moment silence fell, silence save for the
thudding swish of waters along the hull,
the muffled plaints of the old ship’s creak-
ing in the seaway. Into that silence
shocked seven metallic clangs struck by
the wry leg Newfoundlander at the wheel,
followed by seven from the bell stand at
the break of the forecastle head—seven
bells of the afternoon watch. Leadspitter
ordered again:
  “Get along forrard, I tell you! This
THE ROARING HORN
75
ain’t no private yachtin’ cruise, by Judas
Priest! You look like a seasoned shell,
to me. I don’t want no trouble with you
when there’s so many bloody land crab
vermin I got to bust my knuckles on. Get
forrard, you, and let’s have no rookus!”
“No rookus at all, sir. No disrespect
meant, at all. Only—” and his eyes met
Leadspitter’s without blenching—“I hold
a master’s license in sail and steam. So
you see—”
  “I don’t see nothin’ but that you’re
answerin’ me back. And that I won’t
have, not from the President himself! I
ain’t goin’ to tell you again, not with
words. You get forrard now, or—”
  “Mr. Furlong, there!”
AT SOUND of Captain Bohannon’s
/-% raucous voice the mate turned. He
glowered up at the break of the
poop, where now the captain stood, pipe
in mouth and hands on rail.
  “Yes, sir?”
  “Send that man aft, here!”
  Sour mooded, Leadspitter made a surly
gesture. He ordered—
  “Come aft here, you!”
  Answering no word, but very grim of
face, the shanghaied one climbed the port
ladder, and like a sturdy son of Anak
stood before the Old Man. Leadspitter
followed him up.
  “You want to see me, eh?” the captain
demanded round his pipestem. His pale
blue eyes evinced something of the qual-
ity of a cat with a cornered mouse.
“Well, what say?”
  “Yes, sir.”
  “What about? About your ratin’ as an
officer? Oh, I heard what you said!”
Bohannon’s hard slitted eyes revealed
cold fires. “I think you’re still drunk, by
Godfrey diamonds—swizzled and talkin’
randoms. By the look o’ you, you don’t
know whether the jib halyards is in the
locker or on the mainm’st!”
  “I beg pardon, sir, but I’m sober,
and—”
  “That don’t matter a damn’s odds,
nohow. Drunk or sober, it’s all one to
me. By the cut o’ your jib you’re a
lobscouser, and that’s how you’re goin’ to
rate here. Lemme tell you one thing,
and that ain’t two. You might rate as
Admiral o’ the Swiss Horse Marines when
you’re to home. But you ain’t within
hailin’ distance of home now. You’re at
sea, signed on all right and proper, and if
you value a whole skin and bones, you’ll
walk chalks aboard this ship!”
  “Yes, sir. You’re master here. But
may I ask a question, sir?”
  “Make it short!”
  “What ship is this, sir, and where
bound?”
  “Well, burn me! I ain’t in the habit of
bein’ cross hackled by no sons o’ bucks o’
forem’st hands—God stiffen ’em!—but
I’m feelin’ extra good natured today, so
I’ll tell you. Valparaiso, that’s our jolly
little old port o’ destination, and this
here mahogany fitted, nickel plated hell
wagon I’m commandin’ is the China Girl!”
“The what?”
  “Sir!”
  “The what, sir?”
  “You heard me the first time. The
China Girl, of New York and Tophet.”
“God above!” Something spun in the
shanghaied man’s brain. He caught the
poop rail. “My uncle’s ship!”
  “Your uncle’s grandmother! That’s
enough out o’ you, now. Go on forrard
and sober up!”
  “It’s true, I tell you! My name’s
Tyson—Roderick J. Tyson! And my
uncle, he’s Jason Mellish, owner of—”
“Yes, I know!” the captain retorted
with a brow of evil portent. “I had a
feller once was Napoleon. Another time
—but no matter. There here ain’t my
arguin’ day. Your uncle’s ship, that’s a
good un!” Bohannon taunted, while
Leadspitter listened with a sneering grin.
“By the tail o’ Jonah’s whale, a proper
good un it is, so!”
  “But, I tell you—”
  “Ah, I don’t believe you’re even an
A. B.! Come on now, let’s see if you are,
and sober. What’s aft on the port side,
forrard on the starboard side, and inside
o’ both sides of a ship?”
  “I’m not answering riddles now, though
76
GEORGE ALLAN ENGLAND
if you don’t know, I can tell you. Lan-
yard knots of the lower rigging! What
I’m talking about now is my uncle,
and—”
  “Hell’s bells!” the captain interrupted,
his voice fining down to a snarl of poison-
ous menace. “Harkee, now!” And he
drew a step nearer on the snow slushed
deck. “If you ain’t got sense enough to
save your skin while there’s a chance, I’ll
soon show you what kind of a breeze
you’ve hit, you scruff! All I know about
you is two things. One is—”
  “But, I tell you—”
  “One is, if your uncle was Henry Ford
or the Prince o’ Wales, it wouldn’t be
worth a hoot in Tophet to you, aboard o’
this ship. Other thing is, I reckonize your
face, though you don’t reckonize mine.”
“You know me, do you?”
  “Do I, you skungeon bucket? I’ll say I
do! Three year ago, I got in a little argu-
ment with a cop on Atlantic Avenue,
Boston. I fisted him proper, and I’d of
got clear with it, too, only for you!”
“You? You’re the—”
  “Yes, I’m the man you tripped up, you
son of a flea! I lost part o’ my beauty
and my cash, too, in the bobbery that
follered. So yqu’re owin’ me somethin’
afore this here voyage is through up. I’m
goin’ to collect it, too, with int’rest. You
give me half a chance, by Godfrey mighty,
and I’ll knock your skull to jelly for two
pins! So now you know. Get along
forrard with you, and don’t you cross my
hawse again, you whelp!”
  The muscles of the shanghaied man
stiffened. He opened his mouth to speak
again, but Bohannon’s fist caught him
flush on the curve of the jaw, with a crack
like the kick of a mule.
  Stunned, he reeled backward over the
rail. He hung there a second, then
dropped to the top of the water-tank and
lay inert on the iron.
  Leadspitter clumped down the ladder,
plucked Tyson from the iron tank, and,
while Bohannon sucked his pipe and
cursed, dragged the insensible body to the
forward deckhouse.
  He jerked back the door, heaved
Tyson in like a sack of potatoes and
slammed the door shut again.
  “Round one!” quoth the mate, and
dusted off his hands, and laughed.
CHAPTER III
“boat ahoy!”
A PLAIN of slow heaving glass, ruf-
fled only here or there by cat’s
*- paws, the sea stretched to vague
shimmering afternoon horizons of heat.
A sea of luminous and melting turquoise
that was, of ultramarine and lapis-lazuli,
patched with jasper and malachite and
golden pulsing absinthe all a-shimmer
under skies of glamourous and phantom
blue that overarched the undulating play
of color.
  Under the burnished drench of a merci-
less tropic sun—a broadcast rain of molten
gold—the China Girl now lay almost be-
calmed. There in 53° 8' West, 190° 14'
North, some eight hundred miles almost
due east of Porto Rico, she was making
only slow headway. What little breeze
fitfully whispered abroad upon the sea
was mostly “up and down like a dog’s
foreleg”, in sailor parlance.
  Baffling light airs hardly stirred the
courses and topsails now hanging from
the jackstays, her summer suit that had
replaced the heavy weather canvas under
which the ship had cleared, and that
barely gave her steerage-way. As the
China Girl rolled gently in the idle swell,
her reef points lazily rippled. Sleepy
weather.
  Captain Bohannon would have done
better to have made almost for the
Canaries, there to have picked up the
northeast Trades, then to have hauled
his wind aft and to have driven nearly
due south. But he had had his own ideas;
and now the ship lay nigh becalmed, to
the souring of his temper—were that pos-
sible still more—and the sullen weariness
of all hands.
  Leaning over the quarter rail, Bohan-
non stood in dirty shirtsleeves and smoked
with staccato puffs that betrayed his anger.
THE ROARING HORN
77
  “Damn this calm!” he growled. “And
this hell’s flames bunch o’ farmers, too!
Of all the beachcombin’, lousy swabbies
ever I commanded—”
  His evil mood was heightened by memo-
ries of how that morning, when he had
seen Peter Mayes kick Dago Viterbo for
working his broom athwartship instead
of fore and aft while washing down the
deck, of how Mayes had demanded—
“Sure, is there anything under God’s
blue sky you can do right, you burgoo
swillin’ son of a whelp?”
  “I one good paper hanger on de land,”
Viterbo had most surprisingly retorted.
“You like, I do fine job, paperin’ your
cabin!”
  Whereupon Mayes had fetched him a
blow that had sent him skirling, for back-
talk, and had earnestly assured the son of
Italy that the only one proud of him was
Satan’s own self.
  “Of all the bushborn muttonheads!”
pondered Bohannon. “Damned hay-
makin’ sons o’ sea cooks! Ain’t half a
dozen A-l sailors aboard us. All the rest
o’ these here thick skinned clodhoppers is
tarred up with the lazy stick. They’d
oughta be kicked to death by cripples,
that’s what. Quicker I get clear o’ this
ship and leave ’em all go drownd off the
Horn, the better, s’help my God!”
WITH jaundiced eye of spite and
venom he surveyed the China
Girl and the work now going on,
for the most part with inept clumsiness.
The watch on deck, indeed, was as far as
it dared largely doing only “government
stroke”, which is to say just putting in
time; soldiering on the job. Bohannon
glowered at Paavola the Finn, now at the
wheel, to which from time to time he
gave an easy spoke; a pale and sweating
figure in the stifle of the wheelhouse.
  He regarded with misprisal some of the
more expert who were making sennit;
knotting rope yarn for spun yarn, making
sword mats for chafing gear. Not even
the competence wherewith Saunier, the
Miquelon Frenchman, and the big red
bearded Dane, Tondern, were coach
whipping a spare sheerpole, relieved his
mood. Evil eyed, he watched them
working with canvas, tar, spun yarn and
serving board; and as he watched he
smoked and chewed curses on all hands.
  “Keel hauled is what they’d ought to
be!” he bitterly affirmed, his scar con-
tracting as his gash of a mouth snarled
up. “God stiffen ’em, the sons o’ scaldies!”
  No very pleasant ship to be aboard of
was the China Girl, and that was living
truth. From the seams of her holy-
stoned decks stewed and bubbled pitch
that smeared the soles, now mostly naked,
of all who trod them. A sickly stench of
bilges arose from the forepeak. Cock-
roaches had begun to swarm; and even
rats, driven up from below by the intense
heat, had commenced venturing furtively
on deck. This, despite the ravages of the
slit eared and filthy cat which Humphrey
Chubbock the Newfoundland cook had
fetched aboard in New York, and which
now snarled and spat at all with a veno-
mous temper almost equal to the cap-
tain’s own.
  From the galley, while Bohannon
watched and listened, a clink of tinware
and coppers sounded as Chubbock messed
with grub few wanted on the sweltering
ship. Chubbock had to labor under diffi-
culties, what of weevily biscuit, salt beef
so hard that the foremast hands had nick-
named it sole leather, tea flavored with
roaches, rotting potatoes and other skulch.
  As Chubbock worked he was singing to
himself. The irregular gusts of noise that
served him as music suddenly fell silent
as he stoked his range. Into that silence
issued a sailorman, out of the forward
deckhouse. His tough skin, powerful
hands, manner of glancing aloft, all
marked him as a seasoned lobscouscr.
The vigorous modeling of his head, his
bitter and steady gazing dark eyes, strong
beard and rich tanned sunburn made him
an arresting figure as, open throated and
with muscular bare arms he stood gazing
over the tropic sea, searching for any sign
of breeze.
  In “dog’s wool and oakum” singlet and
dungaree trousers, with naked feet thrust
78
GEORGE ALLAN ENGLAND
into pitch smeared shoes, there he stood
and looked about him, yearning for a
capful of wind.
  “Hell of a situation, this is!” Tyson
vented his thought. “Becalmed on this
old wagon, when every hour’s one hour
more I don’t get even up with Bohannon
and his pretty pair of bucko mates!”
Then he relapsed into a smoldering
silence, turned aft and made way toward
the galley. Somewhat bruised about the
neck though he was, and with a faint
greenish purple patch reminiscent of an
extensive black eye, Roderick Tyson still
made a fine figure of a man. He breathed
largely and looked steadily. Though his
body was held captive, the heart in him
was scathless. Gait and bearing showed
none of the shuffle or cringe that some of
the other poor wretches manifested.
Fight, enough and plenty, still remained
in Tyson.
AT THE galley door Tyson paused
h\ and with something like a smile
listened to Chubbock’s song—a
mournful ditty about shipwreck and
Southern Seas and girls that were left be-
hind.
  “What do you know about girls, old
tindercrack?” .demanded Tyson.
  “Hello, Roddy!” exclaimed the New-
foundlander. “Dat you, b’y?”
  “Who else? And how do the girls fit,
with you?”
  “Gals fits wid evveryt’ing in dis here
world,” the cook affirmed, smearing a face
brown and wrinkled as an old sickle pear
with a cloth that did him duty for a
sweat rag, dish towel and all. On his
right hand he had only a thumb and little
finger, which he used nipper fashion like a
crab. “Ever since dem dere Garden of
Eden days, if you can find anythin’ as
stands cl’ar of gals’ tarmentin’, it’s a
quare thing. I’ve had many a hard fuss
wid women, I have, man dear!”
  “You look it!” laughed Tyson.
 “Don’t I, eh? Many a hard smack
I’ve had wid the judies. Best way to
keep a loose leg is go furrin’, an’ nivver
come back. ’Twas a woman as knocked
out most o’ my teeth, b’y, and anodder as
lost me me fingers. You ain’t nivver
yeard dat yarn? But I ain’t goin’ to spin
it today!” Chubbock grinned gummily.
“Dat ’d take too lang, just now when I
got a little spurt o’ singin’ on me. An’
you don’t need 110 advice ’lang o’ petti-
coats! I’ll take my davy you had pliny
truck an’ dealin’s wid ’em yourself!”
“Blamed little!” answered Tyson, while
Chubbock sat down in the galley door on
an onion crate so crossed and wired that
it resembled an ancient Roman chair.
“Women don’t mix very well with salt
water.”
  “Right fer you! I nivver seen a woman
at sea, yet, as didn’t bring on a wonnerful
rookus, one way or anodder!”
  The cook nodded gravely while Tyson
produced a pipe and lighted up. Tyson
had got this pipe and some tobacco, with a
few shoddy clothes, from the slop chest at
extortionate prices, to be stopped out of
his pay.
  “A martal cold smack is what women
alius brings. Knotty wedder dey fetches,
an’ no coddin’ you. Women an’ parsons,
whistlin’ fer a breeze, tearin’ a flag, an’ a
dead carpse in de cargo—dem’s ahl
t’ings I’d nivver go a-nigh!”
  “Go on, tune up again,” smiled Tyson.
“I’d rather hear you sing than philoso-
phize. You’re a rotten philosopher, but as
a singer I’ve heard worse. What about
your song?”
  “Well, layve me see,” Chubbock began.
But all at once vibrated a cry—
  “Sail, hoi”
IT WAS Tondern, the red bearded
Dane who, happening to look up
from his work at the sheerpole, had
seen something afar and thus reported it.
  “Where away?” sounded Bohannon’s
voice from aft.
“ ’Bout t’ree p’ints on de stabboard
bow, sir. Dat look like a smoke, sir.”
“Smoke, eh?” Then, after a pause in
which the Old Man located the smudge for
himself, “All right!” And silence fell again.
  “ ’Twas de like o’ dis, about my song,”
began Chubbock; but Tyson turned away,
THE ROARING HORN ’
79
walked to the starboard bulwark and for a
minute stood gazing off in the direction
Tondern had indicated.
  “What ye make of it, b’y?” the cook
demanded.
  “Don’t see anything but a little smoke.”
“Well, smoke or no smoke, what odds?”
And Chubbock went on with his.culinary
labors and his wooing of the Muse.
  The smoke continued to increase, to
drift on a little easterly fan of breeze that
presently began ruffling the sun shim-
mered ocean.
  On the quarter deck Leadspitter
squinted with an ugly eye at that far
drift.
  “She’s cornin’ up thick now, by jolly,”
Bohannon commented. “That there
smoke looks to me like it meant trouble.”
“Yes, sir,” agreed the mate. “That
ain’t no steamer. That’s a ship afire, or
the like o’ that. If it ain’t, by Judas
Priest, I never see one!”
  “Get me my long gun.”
  “Yes, sir.” And Leadspitter went
down the poop ladder to fetch it.
  Back again in a couple of minutes with
the biggest telescope aboard, Leadspitter
handed it to the Old Man. Bohannon
scrutinized the smoke with a certain
interest, then passed the glass to Lead-
spitter.
  “See what you make out of it!”
  “That’s a ship afire, sure, sir,” the
mate reaffirmed after intensive study.
“But she’s the devil and all of a long ways
off. What d’you think, sir? Stand down
for her, and see what we can do in the
way of rescue or salvage?”
  Bohannon shook his head.
  “We got no time to be gallivantin’ all
over the ocean to pick up fools as ain’t
got sense enough to keep their ship from
burnin’ up on ’em,” he decided. “And
as for salvage, out here, not a chance!”
“Ain’t nobody can haul us to looward
for not standin’ by, and that’s a fact,”
muttered Leadspitter. “No way to prove
that’s a ship afire.”
  “Right. There’s plenty o’ these here
soogie-moogies aboard us as’d like to
make trouble, in port, but they can’t do
nothin’. So let the ship burn, by jolly,
if that’s what it is. Let her burn—what
odds?”
  By this time a little stir of interest had
moved the watch on deck, and such of
those below as were not sleeping. -Out
from the deckhouse lagged a few ex-
hausted, dishevelled men. Hatchet faced
An toon—he had been a taxi driver ashore
—and Cultan the “rock scorpion”, once a
bumboat -man at Gibraltar, lounged
along the rail, together with Broadfoot
the negro, Gorley the Cockney, the Finn
Paavola, and Jubal Tabry, he of the
gammy leg. Tyson watched, too; and
from the carpenter shop looked out the
mild, huge mustached face of Chips •
Solomon Moon. Like Chubbock, Moon
was a Newfoundlander. His especial
pride lay in the boast—
  “I’m a grandfader in seven places; I
am, so!”
  Now, like the men on watch who stole
an occasional glance at the smoke, they
centered all attention on that far off
happening. With sun dazzled eyes they
blinked at the drift of dun vapor that,
smearing the southwest horizon, gave
hints of some sea tragedy there. Voices
murmured:
  “Ship afire, wot? Wish to Gawd ’twas
this blinkin’ one! H’anything for a
chynge!” . . . “Gee, that must be a
hell of a lot o’ good money gone blooey,
when a ship burns up!” . . . “Say, if a
guy could find a boat with everybody
gone off an’ left it, like dat—” this from
the gangster—“dey might cop a lot o’
good hooch an’ stuff, huh?” . . . “Oh
boy, she sho’ am burnin’ someI” Thus
Sam Broadfoot, the cross eyed negro.
BOHANNON now sent Tondern
aloft, with a glass bandoleered over
his shoulder, for reconnaissance.
“Lay aloft to the foretopmast head,”
he ordered, “and have a look at that
smoke. Let’s see what you make out.”
From his lofty perch the Dane care-
fully took an observation.
  “Well, how ’bout it?” called the skipper.
  “Nuttin’ but smoke, sir,” the Dane’s
80
GEORGE ALLAN ENGLAND
voice drifted down through the brazen
heat. “Nothin’ else in sight, sir.”
  “All right, lay down!”
  “Some poor gozaroos havin’ it pretty
knobbly, over dere,” judged Moon.
“Same as we’m like to get, afore we’m to
port agin.”
  “How so?” asked Tyson.
  “You, not knowin’, an’ you a sailor-
man?” the carpenter exclaimed. “Us
wid a cross eyed man aburd, an’ you not
knowin’ we’m in fer a hard punchin’?”
Tyson laughed.
  “Of course,” he agreed. “Of course!”
“You might laugh an’ you might make
a joke on it,” Moon affirmed, “but I
niver de divil iver seen a ship wid a cross
eyed man aburd as could hold a straight
course. We’m goin’ to have it bad, some
o’ doze odd times, or I’m ’way off de
line!”
“Every ship catches it first or last.”
“Right, me son. ’Tis a proper hard
life, seafarin’. Ye been follerin’ it lang?”
“Quite a while.” Tyson fired his pipe.
“Y’ ain’t ralely de owner’s nevvy, is
you now?”
  “Yes, I am. Straight goods.”
  “An’ you layve de Old Man knock you
sinseless off de poop, nigh to hell’s alley,
an’ niver done nothin’ about dat?” The
carpenter’s mild eyes widened. “Howlin’
swile cats, me son! I can’t fadom out
dat!”
  Tyson shrugged and rather grimly
smiled.
  “Only a plain, damn’ fool strikes back
at an officer, aboard ship,” he remarked,
in hardly more than a murmur. “It’ll
all come out in the wash, Chips, when
we make port. Don’t let’s talk about it,
please.”
THE ELOQUENT smoke banner
gradually faded on the far south-
western horizon. Still the idlers
watched it, sucking at pipes, spitting,
lazily speculating who the victim might
be; and ever, idly creaking, the old China
Girl rolled with slow pendulum swings
upon the sea of molten emerald and azure
glass.
  The little easterly fan of air that had
sprung up, offering some hope of relief,
once more died away. Not even wetted
fingers, held on high, could find a hint of
breeze. Restive, grumbling, the crew put
in a weary time. Bohannon, between
nipping rum and cursing, made himself
venomously ugly. A few flying fish,
flittering aboard, were welcomed by the
cat—the only man aboard permitted to
walk the poop on the weather side with
the captain. Lying out on the martin-
gale, Saunier the Miquelon “Frenchy”
reported a pilot fish, believed by sailors
to be a sure sign of a shark hanging about
the ship. This caused uneasy bodings of
a death on board, among some few.
  Indolently the off watch men yarned,
smoked, talked of wreck and peril,
watched an occasional filmy purple Portu-
guese man o’ war trailing its poisonous
filaments through the clear brine. The
advent of a school of porpoises, leaping
with swiftly graceful joy, aroused fugitive
interest. Frenchy, having sighted some
bonita, came inboard for a harpoon and a
coil of heaving line from the boatswain’s
locker. He succeeded in striking a fairish
specimen. But when the meat was tested
(as usual with bonita) by putting a silver
coin into it, the silver turned black.
Wherefore the fish had to be flung over-
board, and curses followed it. Had the
bonita been good, it would have made a
welcome addition to the ship’s wretched
tucker. For wretched enough it was, in
all conscience, and daily getting worse—
all save in the cabin.
  “The after guard, they’re gettin’ the
good stuff, all right,” grumbled hook
visaged Antoon, the ex-taxi driver. “Ain’t
old Abey Buzzard, the stewart, carryin’
grub aft every day, we’d give an eye to
get a-hold of?” Dully he swore, as the
group lounged in the shadow of the deck-
house. “Their swill is better’n what we
get, cockroaches an’ all. Damn’ good
care o’ their guts them bulls aft are
takin’!”
  “Many a long necker o’ rum they’re
gettin’, too,” asserted Stackhouse, the
man from Maine. A thin scrimp of a
THE ROARING HORN
81
fellow he was, with an interesting cough.
“They’re drinkin’ oh be joyful every
day, but not a shoot of it do we get!”
“Slum gullion an’ chicory, that’s good
enough for the likes of us,” put in O’Hara,
otherwise known as Boston Irish. He
scratched a bristly chin with a hand
whereon was tattooed a Sacred Heart.
“The old hoss we get, sure, it’s that hard
you could carve buttons out of it an’
polish ’em!”
  “W’at you expect, anyhow, in a jink
ship?” Frenchy asked. “First, she got
name of a gal. Dat’s bad. Second, she
got a cross eyed man aboard. More bad.
Worse of h’all, she’s kill a man aloft.
Kill’m deader ’n hell!”
  “Who—who’d she kill?” asked the
negro.
  “Feller named Ilumason. I hear ’bout
dat one tam dis ship been to St. Pierre.
Shortenin’ down, dis feller was on de
lower foretopsail yard, an’ de chain sheet
tear his h’insides out.”
  “Blimey!” the Cockney exclaimed.
“No wonder there’s a jinx on this one!”
“An’ no wonder, neither, that men
mutinizes!” muttered the Rock Scorpion.
“When orficers gets sent to Old Nick,
serves ’em bloomin’ well right, says I!”
ft
THE SWIFT night of those southern
seas engulfed the world, the watery
world where the China Girl lay idly
wallowing. Although with every ripple
and breath of air they trimmed the
yards, still she made barely headway as
one more day of her death journey came
to its end.
  From deckhouse and cabin skylight
gleamed vague glows. Binnacle and
running lights made three blurs—white,
garnet, emerald—in the gloom. A wraith
in the star flecked night, Paavola the
lookout man lounged on the forecastle
head. The spectral, pale eyed face of
Karlstad, the Swede, half illumined by
the binnacle’s sullen glimmer, hung at the
wheelhouse window. Dark figures moved
along the still hot decks. Voices mur-
mured. From the carpenter shop, around
the door of which lounged a few hands on
their watch below, issued jerky and stri-
dent chords from a consumptive accordion.
Noah Landerry, the P. I., rated as sail-
maker, was sitting on a wooden bench
there. Lanternlight played uncertainly
over his gaunt features as he whinneyed
out that lusty old favorite:
     “In Amsterdam there lives a maid,
     Mark well what I do say!
     In Amsterdam there lives a maid,
      An' she’s the mistress of her trade!
      "A-rovin’, a-rovin’, since rovin's been my ruin.
      I’ll go no more a-rovin’, with yon, fair maid!”
  “Atta boy!” one approved. “Walk
back on ’er!” another. “Hayve a’eed
wid de rest part of it, b’y!” chimed in a
third.
  Landerry turned his quid and con-
tinued :
     “I placed my hand upon her knee,
     Mark well what I do say-ay-ay!
     I placed my hand upon her knee,
     Says she, ‘Young man, you’re rather free!’
      "A-rovin , a-rovin’, since rovin’s been my ruin,
      I’ll go no more a-rovin , with you, fair maid!"
  As the old sea song proceeded in all
its unexpurgated vigor, Leadspitter cursed
even such light hearted diversion as this
bout with the Muses. His ominous bulk
lounged, a shadow among darker shadows,
on the weather poop. Leadspitter was
hating all hands aboard that night; but
most especially was he hating Tyson.
The muscular and bare armed shanghaied
man, brown and bearded and unafraid of
him, filled him with poisonous antipathies.
  “There’s int’rest, runnin’ up on that
son of a one, all the time,” Leadspitter
dully reflected, as he spat overside.
  To him it was almost a personal affront
that Tyson was turning out so well, doing
his duty like a proper seaman, offering no
occasion for assault and battery. This,
certainly, was something of a grievance
to the mate.
  “If that laddibuck ’d only say some-
thin’ or do somethin’, I’d soon preach the
belayin’ pin to him, s’help my God!”
Leadspitter cogitated. “I’d jump down
his throat just as soon as hell’d let me.
82
GEORGE ALLAN ENGLAND
I'll learn him a lesson yet. Even if he has
got his master’s papers somewheres else,
he ain’t got nothin’ aboard o’ this un 1”
  Here now lay the vital point of Lead-
spitter’s spleen against Tyson. The mate
felt inimical to all superiority, felt dis-
countenanced and put down by any of
his betters. And that Tyson was de-
cidedly one of his betters, not even he
could deny. Marlinespike seamanship
was about the limit of Leadspitter’s
ability. But rumors had reached him and
well he knew that Tyson was possessed of
mysterious mathematical heights whereof
Leadspitter knew not even the names.
  The best that Leadspitter could do, in
folding latitude, was to use the old, sloven
way of working with the constant of 89°
48'. Sometimes, as he well knew, such
reckoning might put a ship six or eight
miles out; and that, on a lee shore in hazy
weather, might be an infernally serious
matter. “Good enough for a collier,” as
the old phrase has it, is not good enough
for a skysail yarder going round the
Horn.
  “I got no master’s papers,” Leadspitter
sullenly reflected. “Never can have, all
along o’ these here damn’ fool mathe-
matics!” And than again, “I’ll learn him
mathematics if ever he falls foul o’ me.
I’ll learn him ’stronomy. He’ll be writin’
books about the stars, after he sees all of
’em I got packed in my fist!”
  Thus did Tyson’s superior knowledge
engender viperish hate in the mind of
Leadspitter. Thus did the mate dream
of vengeance, there on the China Girl,
which herself seemed a ship o’ dreams
upon a dreaming sea. And somewhere
off there to westward in the night, under
the silent, wondering stars, still lay the
mystery of what that day had brought
to pass.
  Toward two bells of the middle watch
a timid breath of air stirred the ocean
and presently began to breeze on a bit
from north northeast, soon hauling more
from the eastward. The idle canvas
bellied into a white cloud aspiring toward
the sky. As the sails filled and drew, the
China Girl commenced shoving her cut-
water through tiny spats of waves now
building.
  Under the ship’s forefoot waters began
to curl white; and astern, flecks of evasive
phosphorescence gleamed, winked and
faded, as if the Milky Way itself had been
shaken to a froth of stars. One hour, and
with a moderate breeze the old wind-
jammer was on her course again, on into
the South that waited to destroy her.
GENTLY reaching along before a
•	fair, following breeze, the old
China Girl was logging three knots
or four. The smoke of breakfast a-making
wafted from Charley Noble. Coppers
clanked; the scent of even cockroach and
chicory coffee gladdened the hearts of
men.
  Aloft, serving the main topgallant stay—
rotten and perished like much of the gear
—Roderick Tyson looked abroad upon
the sea of splendors. He knew that
despite all this toil, humiliation, abuse,
life still was good. His eye caught some-
thing, a speck, a far and tiny atom on the
ocean off to southwest. At this he
squinted a moment, then called down to
Peter Mayes on the quarter deck.
  “Small boat ahoy, sir!”
  “What’s that?” demanded the second
mate. “Boat, you say?’*
  “Yes, sir.”
  “Where away?”
  “On the starboard bow, sir!”
  Mayes scrutinized the sea, but from
that lower position could sight nothing.
He went below for a glass. This brought
the drifting object into his range of vision.
Leadspitter came up, too, a moment
later, and took a long look as the ship
gradually forged nearer.
  “That’s a boat, right enough,” he
affirmed, surly as if the presence of the
boat constituted a direct affront to his
majesty.
  “Sure, that must be off the ship we
seen burnin’ yesterday,” judged Mayes.
“Anybody aboard her, sir?”
  “Looks like. One man, anyhow. Here,
have another sight at her.”
  “That’s right. One man, at least.
THE ROARING HORN
83
Now—he’s wavin’ a signal. I can see
him good.”
  “Well, reckon we got to run down to
him.”
  “Without callin’ the Old Man? Sure,
we’d lose all o’ twenty miles by pickin’ up
that feller. We could just fail to see him,
couldn’t we?”
  “Hell, no!” growled Leadspitter. “Not
after that whiskered whelp o’ misery,
Tyson, reported it. There’s plenty
aboard here, as’d like nothin’ better than
to jack us up for it after we made port.”
His scarred face contracted to a snarl.
“We got to run down on her. Damn the
luck, I say!”
  “And the Old Man?”
  “Last thing he said afore he turned in,
was not to call him for nothin’ short of a
typhoon. What’s more, I reckon I got
authority to shift the course without
none o’ your lip!”
  Leadspitter snicked the telescope shut.
“I’ll take this on myself,” he decided,
and commanded, “Keep her off three
p’ints to west’ard! Port fore brace!
Shake a leg there, you bushborn cod
haulers! Port fore brace!”
  The watch on deck jumped to the
order, Mayes slacking off the weather
braces. So handled, the ship swung
round till the wind was abeam on her
starboard side, with the yards trimmed
accordingly. Thus she stood away toward
the vague speck that, alone upon the
vast heaving breast of old ocean, broke
that immeasurable solitude.
  Tensions of interest keyed up all hands.
Along the rail dishevelled men leaned,
peering. Discussion, speculation waxed
keen. That interest leaped suddenly to
high intensity when a few minutes later
Leadspitter took another sight.
In amazement the mate exclaimed:
“Hell’s hinges, what d’you think, now?
If my eyes ain’t gone plumb bad—”
“What is it, sir?” interrogated Mayes.
“You said ’twas a man, eh? Well, it
ain’t!”
  “What is it, then?”
  "What else could it be, if it ain’t a
man?”
  “Sure, you don’t mean a woman, sir?”
“That’s what I do! A woman, s’help
my God!”
CHAPTER IV
      A PROBLEM IN PETTICOATS
  AS THIS intelligence ran through the
ship, disparate emotions came into
•*- play. Some of the roughnecks
laughed, cheered, even essayed a word or
two of ribaldry; for to the run of sailors,
as to jailbirds—both being reft of feminine
society for long stretches—a woman makes
more elemental appeal than to normal
free citizens.
  Certain of the more seasoned men,
though, frowned and shook anxious
heads. Picking up anybody at sea, is it
not risky business? Chubbock, rich in
lore and proverb, muttered:
        “Save a drowndin’ man at sea,
         An’ he’ll prove your enemy!”
  “An’ a woman, my glorianna!” added
Solomon Moon. “A woman an’ a parson,
dat’s bound to be ten times worse!”
Leaning against the batten of the
forward main rigging, there in the cutting
sunlight, old Solomon voiced his fears:
“I’ve see bad luck happen a ship,
many’s de time, from losin’ a cat over-
burd, ’specially a black ’un. Likewise
anybody exceptin’ de Old Man whistlin’
at sea, an’ a hatch cover put on deck
upside down. Yes, me sons,” he crisply
declared, “an’ I’ve see wracks alang of
hayvin’ a draw bucket into de ocean,
tearin’ a flag, sewin’ sails on de quarter
deck, an’ a hundurd odder t’ings. But
de most an’ worst bad luck I’ve see from
parsons an’ women aburd ship!”
  Speaking thickly by reason of his quid,
he told of Jonah ships and sailors, and
especially how during one spell of long
continued, heavy weather, a certain mis-
sionary had been adjudged a “j inker” on
the Golden Cloud, bound from St. Johns,
Newfoundland, to Ceylon. One dark
night off the Cape of Good Hope, that
unfortunate individual had mysteriously
vanished.
84
GEORGE ALLAN ENGLAND
  “ ’Twas gave out de pulpit pounder fell
overburd,” continued Solomon, “but ahl
hands knowed he was huv over de rail,
an’ knowed who done it, too. (An’ after
dat, we had gert time wedder an’ ahl
lovely. An’ a woman, she’m a Hvonnder-
ful lot worse ’n a preacher. Women bein’
ahl as foolish as a she capelin, anyhow,
an’ bound to get t’ings ahl in a brile!”
“Don’t talk rot!” Tyson growled at
him, now down from aloft. “You’re old
enough to know better. Chips!”
  “I’m old enough to know women!” the
carpenter stoutly defended his position.
“De bulk of ’em is ondly made to help
men kitch hell! Wid de exception o’
women in gineral, De Man Above made
few mistakes when He created de yearth.
After He created woman, de Book say
He rested, an’ since dat time, ain’t neider
God ner man rested much. He’d done a
better job if He’d quit afore woman was
made, I’m t’inkin’!”
  Wherewith old Solomon liberally tinc-
tured the sea with tobacco juice.
  The laugh that went round at this bit
of misogyny only the more inflamed
Solomon.
  “No, sir,” he indignantly repelled one
allusion, “I ain’t got a t’ousand wives an’
don’t want ’em, whatsomever. Women
is worse luck ’n a blue painted ship, tippin’
over a saucepan, or layvin’ y’r old shoes
an’ clothes ashore. Dey’m de worst luck
as is! I’d sooner put a match to de
divil’s tail ’an have one aburd. We got
to kape our wedder eye lifted now, me
sons, you wait an’ see!”
  Even aft, anxiety touched Leadspitter
and Peter Mayes.
  “There ain’t no good cornin’ o’ this,”
the mate growled. “I hate like thunder
to have petticoats aboard! This is likely
to get the wind of us; bust up discipline,
hell bent an’ crooked. As cargo, I’d a
damn’ sight rather carry oil an’ dynamite,
or quicklime in a leaky ship, than what I
would a woman!”
  “Same here,” Mayes agreed. “This is
goin’ to put a kink in us, sure as guns.
We’re liable to go a lee, bad.” His black
brows 'contracted; all his short, hard,
bow legged figure expressed anxiety.
“Sure, ’twould ha’ been a good job if
we’d gave that there boat the go by, sir.”
  “Damn’ ’f I don’t think you’re in the
rights of it—for once,” Leadspitter as-
sented, his lip asnarl. “By Judas Priest,
I would have, too, if I’d known. But
it’s too late now, devil burn the boat an’
the woman, too! I reckon,” he added on
a tone of great uneasiness, “I better go
down an’ tell the Old Man. As a job,
I’ve seen others I liked better!”
DOWN in his cabin, Isaac Bohannon
was at this moment lying stretched
out in his berth. Pipe in jaw, he
lay there, a scarred, eagle beaked old
ruffian of the seven seas. Shirt sleeved,
unshaven, sweating and bald, ridged with
muscular saliences and ugly as a Chinese
demon, he had just wakened from a good
kink of sleep and was now indulging in
reflections of great and happy poignancy.
  His pale blue eyes surveyed the repeat-
ing rifle in the rack above his bunk and
the two revolvers over the chart table;
the chronometer and navigating instru-
ments; the shelves containing his nautical
almanacs and tables, “Bowditch’s Navi-
gator”, and trashy paper novels that at
odd times beguiled him. Then they fell
upon the medicine chest affixed to the
bulkhead, the chest containing no incon-
siderable supply of his choicest stimu-
lants. The sight of that chest caused
him to smile slightly. His smile widened
as he gazed upon the old fashioned iron
safe opposite his littered desk. Medicine
chest and safe—ah! fine combination.
Just now they held much that made life
dear to Captain Bohannon.
  Without getting up, the captain poured
himself a man’s size hooker of whisky
from a bottle on a chair beside his bunk,
and drained it. He wiped his unshaven
lips with the back of a hirsute hand and
sighed deeply, as one temporarily content
with life. To have twenty thousand
dollars in one’s possession, plus always
the possibility of extorting more from a
ship owner in due course of time, is not
this enough to cheer even a humor as
THE ROARING HORN
85
black as, on the average, was Bohannon’s?
  “And just what happened to old skin-
flint Mellish when he got my letter?”
murmured Bohannon. Robustiously he
chivvied this idea about. “Hope he had a
fit and fell in it, the old pirate! When he
found out his precious nephy was aboard
and going to the rocks o’ the roarin’
Horn, he must have been a subjeck to be
tied—God stiffen him!”
  Most delectably Bohannon imagined
Jason Mellish, shaken and sick with
panic, cabling to Lloyd’s in Buenos
Aires, instructing them at all hazards
and expense to get Roderick Tyson off
the China Girl before she should clear
from that port. Or, still better, the
captain figured to himself that even at
this very moment old Jason was aboard
some steamer bound for Buenos Aires,
there to intercept his ship and rescue the
one being whom, in all this world, he
loved.
  “That there letter o’ mine, I left with
my friend in Brooklyn to be mailed a week
after we’d sailed, that’s a’ready takin’ old
Jason all ends up,” mulled Bohannon with
keenest pleasure. “When he found out
he’s sendin’ Tyson to die with the rest of
’em, he’ll go crazy and roarin’, by crook!
I’ve paid all my scores aginst Tyson and
the old man, too, and then some, eh
what? The only thing he loves, on
earth—the thing he’s doin’ mebbe twenty-
five murders for—and then the nephy
goin’ to Davy Jones with the rest of ’em!
Crazy and fit to be tied is what the old
boy ’11 be!'’
  Bohannon took another drink and
with vast contentment sucked at his pipe.
Never in all his life, violent and cruel
though it had been, had he once con-
summated a plot of vengeance so coldly
malicious, so cruelly successful.
  “Let him cable his damn’ head off,”
thought Bohannon, smacking his mental
lips over this vengeance, even as he
smacked his physical ones over the whis-
ky. “Let him go to Buenos Aires and
wait for us. Longer he waits and more
he cables, the better. Let him stew!
Much good it’ll do him, by Godfrey dia-
monds! I won’t put in at Buenos Aires,
whatever. No, sir! Not that port! We
got no wireless; he can’t get in touch with
us. We’ll put in at Bahia Blanca, instead.
There’s where I’ll get hurt, or somethin’,
and quit the ship.
  “So there won’t be no news of us, at
Buenos. And he’ll wait, wait, wait.
He’ll gnaw his fingers to the old bone,
Jason will—go crazy, die ravin’. I’ll
have the laugh on him! I’ll have my
twenty thousand, and all scores paid.
Smart idea, eh? Smart as paint; damn’
smart, if I do say it, myself ...”
INTO the midst of these enjoyable
reveries Leadspitter broke with a
knocking at the captain’s door.
“Hello, what’s wanted?”
  “Sighted a small boat, sir.”
  “Have, eh?” Pause. “Come in, and
let’s hear about it!”
  Leadspitter entered, red haired and
red necked and generally red with prickly
heat and unpleasant emotions.
  “I knew you was takin’ a caulk, sir, or
I’d of reported it sooner. Reckon it’s
boat off that ship we seen burnin’, yes-
terday.”
  “Do, eh? Where away?”
  “She was off to west’ard, sir. Dead
ahead, now. I took it on me—you bein’
asleep—to run down to her.”
  “So? You took a hell of a lot on you, I
must say!”
  “Yes, sir. But you know yourself, sir,
you can’t leave a boat at sea.” Lead-
spitter had become unusually apologetic.
“If you did, an’ some one was to perish,
you know what they’d do to us.”
  “Mmmm! Yes,” growled the Old Man,
blowing smoke. “But, shiverin’ top-
masts! We don’t want no truck with
boats. We ain’t in the life savin’ busi-
ness; not much! However, I reckon you
done the only thing to do. Only, we got
all the trouble we want, as ’tis, without—
but no matter. How many men aboard
her?”
  “That’s the devil of it, sir. We ain’t
sighted no men at all.”
  “What? You don’t mean to say you
86
GEORGE ALLAN ENGLAND
altered our course just for an empty
boat?”
  “No, sir. There’s somebody into her,
all right. But no man, as we can see.
It’s—fact is, sir, it’s a woman.’1
“A which?”
  “A woman, sir. A female. Woman,
woman. You know what I mean, sir.
A she un!”
  Chewing a curse, Bohannon swung out
of his berth.
  “A—woman? But, hell’s hinges! We
don’t want no woman aboard o’ this one,
no more ’n we want the itch!”
  “Not so much, sir,” Leadspitter agreed,
“but there ’tis, sir, an’ can’t be no tizzer!
An’ I know lots about itchin’, too.”
  “I’ll damn’ soon see about this!” the
captain affirmed, with a brimstone volley.
And up on deck he mounted forthwith to
see about it, indeed.
THE CHINA GIRL was by this
time within half a mile of the boat;
and even to the naked eye the fact
was growing apparent that the boat car-
ried a woman. Leadspitter’s binoculars
discovered another form there, probably a
man, lying inert and motionless in the
stern sheets under the pitiless cooking of
the sun.
  The woman sat beside him, making
now no signals; for rescue was at hand.
With keen and growing tensions of inter-
est—for the most part heavy with fore-
bodings of evil fortune that impended—
officers and crew watched while their
ship bore down on the boat. Bohannon’s
brow, above all, was clouded with dis-
pleasure at this embroilment. What effect
might it now have upon his plans, his
cherished and delightful plans, which just
a few minutes before he had been so
savoring on the tongue of anticipation?
  But there the boat lay, drifting; and
whatever impended, pick her up the
captain must. His face was a chart
of grim ugliness as, when the ship
had ranged within a quarter mile, he
ordered—
  “Back the main tops’l!”
  The main yard was thrown aback and
the ship brought close to the wind.
Slowly losing way, she lay in irons, com-
pletely stopped.
 “Get the port dingey over!” com-
manded Bohannon.
  The watch jumped to the boat—little
urging they needed now—cast the lash-
ings adrift, hove up the davit falls and
swung the boat out. When the dingey
was lowered, Leadspitter took a crew of
four of his best seamen, carefully over-
looking Tyson, and gave way handsomely.
Like something of a nabob the mate sat
in the stern sheets; almost an atmosphere
of heroism enveloped him, of rescue for
the distressed, knight errantry for the
afflicted. Leadspitter looked quite puffed
up and proud, in his role, as the dingey
foamed buoyantly over the chrome
green swells splashed with gorgeous sun-
light.
  In a few minutes he was alongside the
drifting boat, had made her painter fast
and was returning with her in tow. The
very copper of excitement lay on the
tongues of the watchers, aboard, as Lead-
spitter drew up amidships on the star-
board side, where the Jacob’s ladder had
been put down. A strikingly different
type of boat the castaway was, from a
mere ship’s dingey. Handsomely metaled
and varnished and built of fine hard-
woods, she showed the emblem of a
yacht club on her bow. A small pennant
with the initial “V” also depended from
a staff.
  “Bloomin’ yacht’s boat!” commented
the Cockney. “Millionaire stuff, an’
that, perish my pinkies if it eyn’t!”
“Chee,if dem’s millionaires into it,” the
gunman judged, “dey’re damn’ hard
lookin’ millionaires! De skoit—she’s all
in, down an’ out. An’ de old feller, if he
ain’t kicked off, he’s jeezly near it!”
“Poor gal!” the cook murmured.
“Pretty nigh wopped out. A wonnerful
perishin’ she’ve had!”
  “What you s’pose they got in that there
suitcase?” asked Antoon, the taxi driver.
“Bunch o’ kale, eh?”
 “Stow it!” growled Tyson. “You
damned jackal!”
THE ROARING HORN
87
SILENCE fell, save for the orders
necessary to get the castaways
aboard and the boats hoisted.
Those at the rail could see that the
rescued man, although still breathing,
was frightfully burned. Heavily ban-
daged though he was, the terrible severity
of his injuries was apparent. Strips that
seemed to have been torn from a white
duck skirt swathed his head and arms.
A grizzle of grayish beard that jutted
from the head bandages proved him an
oldish man; and the quality of his charred
suit of blue showed he was no ordinary
sailor. Inert, this man lay in the bottom
of the boat.
  “Wid just about enough life left in ’un
to breathe on,” as Solomon Moon said.
“Proper bet out an’ burned black as a
tawny, he is, so!”
  The aspect of the woman—the girl,
rather—now also lying insensible on the
bottom cleats near the man, confirmed
the opinion that these were people of
wealth. More clearly than any one else,
Tyson, leaning over the rail abreast of
the main hatch, perceived that here was
a woman of no common clay. Often
enough, when captain of his own ship,
Tyson had come in contact with such
people. A personable and seemly young
woman this was, despite the terror and
hardships she had suffered. Tyson’s iner-
rant, divinatory glance told him here was
one of the daughters of the House of Have.
  He noted her blue serge skirt and her
middy blouse of fine white linen, now
sadly smudged with dirt and ashes and
salt water; observed a ring wherein a
magnificent pigeon’s blood ruby glowed
in the sunlight. But more especially he
saw the opulent mass of lustrous and
blue black hair that, all loosened and
disheveled, spread thickly on the bottom
cleats of the boat. As for the girl’s face,
that remained invisible. Lying as she
was, it was turned from him, hidden
against the bandaged right arm of the
unconscious, grizzle bearded man.
  Tyson had, however, scant time for
observation. Work was to be done, and
at once.
 100K alive there!” commanded
 Leadspitter. “Rig a whip and
 bring ’em up!”
  Karlstad attached a small block to the
topmast backstay, and through it rove a
line. A bowline was lowered into the
yacht’s boat, and the inanimate forms
were hoisted on dcck by a dozen willing
hands.
 The boats dropped back from amid-
ships to the quarter where the davit falls
of the dingey were hanging loose. First
the yacht’s boat was hooked on and
brought inboard, to be placed amidships
on the poop deck; then the davit falls
were overhauled to hoist the dingey.
The captain’s interest centered in the
castaways.
 “Bring ’em to the break o’ the poop
and let’s have a look at ’em, Mr. Fur-
long!” commanded Bohannon from the
starboard ladder.
 Tyson was not among those who car-
ried the rescued aft. Since Bohannon
had knocked him over the poop rail, that
place had been to him repellent. Only
when standing trick at the wheel, or at
other orders, had he even approached it.
Now leaning against the carpenter shop,
he watched the scene in contemplative
silence. Strange scene, under the slash-
ing sunshine of those tropic waters.
  Vile was Bohannon’s humor, viler even
than Leadspitter’s, as they inspected the
castaways. Delays and complications
sequent to life saving lay far outside the
captain’s purview. Worse, a woman
introduced factors of the most vexatious.
The berthing and accommodation of a
woman, aboard that old windjammer,
might mean God alone knew what trouble.
Worst of all, Bohannon previsioned that
the presence of a woman might impose
certain restrictions of speech and action
on him; and Bohannon was no man to
welcome any restraints whatever.
 “We got to take ’em in, though, God
stiffen ’em!” he exclaimed after a pre-
liminary view. “Into the cabin with ’em!”
  Four sailors, under supervision of Abey
Buzzard, the wry necked old steward,
carried them through the starboard door
88
GEORGE ALLAN ENGLAND
into the main cabin, where they laid the
man on the table, the girl on the lounge
at the port side. For. the moment, all
Bohannon’s thought was directed to get-
ting once more under way.
  “Fill your main tops’l again, Mr.
Furlong,” he commanded. “Let her fall
off on her course!”
  “Yes, sir,” Leadspitter answered.
“But between you an’ me an’ the capstan,
sir—” and he showed his crooked teeth—
“we’re into quite a rookus with these here
passengers. Damn’ ’f we want to pick up
any more boats. Let ’em go to hell, or
wherever, says I!”
  “Right,” agreed the Old Man. “What
we don’t see, we can’t be blamed for not
-rescuin’. But get her on her course.
Sooner the better, now!”
  Under Leadspitter’s orders the China
Girl presently took her course again.
Leadspitter summoned a few hands to
the quarter deck.
  “Come on, bear a hand! Pass a lashin’
round this boat,” he commanded, indi-
cating the one just picked up, “and let
her stay where she is. Then get forrard,
all o’ you swabs. Look alive, or I’ll learn
you how!”
BOHANNON, turning to inspect the
boat, saw the suitcase lying in the
stern sheets.
  “Hello, what the devil’s this?” And
he lifted it out. Through all the fume of
his displeasure, there was that which now
gleamed speculatively in his pale blue
eye. That eye diminished to a point of
wonder. “They got away with some o’
their dunnage, all right.”
  “That there’s a jim-dandy of a piece o’
baggage, Cap’n,” judged Leadspitter.
“It’s the genuine cowhide. Liable to be
some good stuff inside, there, one kind
another. An’ look at them letters on it,
will you, sir? Gold letters, s’help my
cod!”
  “I. L. R.,” read Bohannon. “Mmmm!
Tony folks, eh, what? “More hell!
They’ll be wantin’ us to put in some-
wheres and set ’em ashore!”
  He pondered a silent moment. Frag-
mentary thoughts crossed his tortuous
brain. Might this not after all jump
with his plans? His spade ended fingers
scratched his cranium as he tried to stimu-
late thought. How colorable an excuse
might this not give him for making port
somewhere—port, where he himself could
quit the doomed ship! Not too bad, this
notion. And moreover, rich folk like
these, what might they not pay for such
service? Far from bad! Matters might,
after all, be in excellent train for Captain
Bohannon!
  For all that, though, the captain still
let his anger burn. Anger was to Bohan-
non a luxury he never missed freely
indulging. But Abey Buzzard inter-
rupted his thoughts by coming on deck
to report:
  “We got ’em stowed, sir. Any time
you wants to put ’em to a survey, sir,
they’re ready.”
  “Here, stewart, take this bag below,”
the captain ordered. “I’ll go down and
see what’s what. I’ll send Mr. Mayes
up to take charge.” This, to Leadspitter.
“Then you come below, yourself. We
got a few matters to decide on now!”
ATTERS, indeed. Problems of
the most urgent!
  The man stretched out on
the cabin table, they saw without need of
more than half an eye. was already dying.
Burns such as he had received could end
in only one way.
  “This old cuss is nigh hand to hove
down on his beam ends.” Leadspitter
commented. “He’s took some jeroosly
awful damage, sir!” As Abey loosened
the bandages, with sundry jerks and
quavers of his head, the steward being a
nervous man, the three saw that the
stranger’s race was run. “He’s all-fired
nigh dead, sir, that’s sure as shootin’.
Look a’ them arms an’ that face. Burned
to a crisp!”
  “Yes, and his chist, too,” the captain
answered, scrutinizing the man under the
gleam through the skylight. “Looks ’s
if he’d been spattered with burnin’ oil,
or somethin’ like. Gas, mebbe. He’s
THE ROARING HORN
89
more ’n likely breathed fire, too. I think
it’s a doubt if he’ll stand it till night,
hardly. Burned black as zip!”
  “Yes, sir, an’ old too, goin’ up for
seventy years or the like o’ that. Death
struck is what he is, I hope to tell you.
I	wouldn’t give a tinker’s dam for his life.
Well, that’s one of ’em we’ll get clear of,
anyhow. There ain’t nothin’ we can do
for him.”
  “Nothin’ is right,” Bohannon agreed.
“You and the stewart take him in one o’
the spare cabins. Any one ’11 do. He
won’t be occupyin’ it long!”
  When they had carried the dying man
to a berth and left him there—
  “Now then,” said Bohannon, “let’s
have a look at the gal!”
  They found her uninjured, so far as
burns were concerned. Shock, exhaustion,
thirst accounted for her prostration. Con-
templatively they studied her, devoid of
pity but with keen calculation.
  “She’s had one cold smack, all right,”
grunted Leadspitter. “But she ain’t hurt
none. She’ll soon come to rights, on an
even keel. Whoever she is, devil take
me, but she’s one good looker!”
  “You take a reef or two and bear
away!” the captain meaningly warned.
“Stow that kind o’ talk. Whatever this
here ship is, you bet your jib halyards
there won’t be no funny business. No
monkey business like that, mind you!
We’re carryin’ a good full o’ trouble,
right now, without no petticoat mixups.
What I’d like to know is who the hell
she is, where from and where bound.
Likewise, if it comes to that, how
much it’s worth to me, rescuin’ her at
sea?”
  “Only way to bottom that out, I
reckon, is to bring her to. A little stain
o’ rum might fix her.”
  “Stewart,” Bohannon ordered, “a
bucket o’ water and a tot o’ rum!”
  “Yes, sir!” And Abey Buzzard fetched
both. “Will I fix her up? I’m a married
man, sir. I knows all about women.”
  “If you do, you old gumphead,” the
captain retorted, “you know more ’n any
other man livin’. But heave ahead with
her. You’re old enough so it’s safe,
anyhow!”
THEY watched while Abey Buzzard
roughly swabbed her hands and
face with water, then forced rum
into her mouth, slopping more than
half of it over her full rounded throat.
Watched, while she stirred there on the
lounge, groaned, opened dark eyes dazed
with pain and wonder.
  “You’re all right, miss,” the captain
rumbled in a tone he meant to be ingra-
tiating, soothing. “You’re gettin’ all
fine and shipshape again. You’re safe
aboard now—safe.”
  The girl, shuddering, tried to struggle
up; but Bohannon pushed her back again,
with his huge and anchor tattooed paw.
  “No, no, miss, you lay down and keep
quiet!” he commanded. “You’ve had it
tough and rugged. Been took a bit
abaft, and keeled over. You’re dll spun
out now. But you’ll soon be A-l, slick’s
a mole. Lay still, now. That’s the best
you can do.”
  “Father!” she exclaimed in a weak
voice fining down to a whisper. “Where’s
father?”
  “Right in that there cabin, miss.”
And he jerked an unseemly thumb at
the cabin door. “We got your dunnage,
all righto.” He picked up the suitcase
and set it on the table. “Here she is,
see? Your father, he’s comf’table as
could be expected. Now, go to sleep.
Get a little kink and you’ll be fine!”
  “I want to see my father!”
  “Well, you can’t see your father—not
just yet!” the captain asserted with con-
siderable vehemence. “We’re lookin’ out
for your father!”
  “Is he—dead?”
  “No, he ain’t. There now, you lay
quiet!”
  For a moment, with large and fright-
ened eyes, she peered up at Bohannon,
Leadspitter and old Abey Buzzard.
Dimly she perceived the cradling roll of
the ship, heard the creak and give of
timbers that constituted the old vessel’s
answer to the sea. But, very clearly, she
90
GEORGE ALLAN ENGLAND
had not fully recovered her understand-
ing. Life still swam before her, mistily
obscured, as if dimming veils of haze.
At last—
  “If you say he’s all right—” she fal-
tered, and they saw her eyes were deeper
blue than any sea; so blue, so deep, they
verged almost on black.
  “Ain’t I said so, a’ready?” demanded
the captain. “Think I’m lyin’, eh, what?
I’m truthful, miss; 7 am!”
  The girl tried to say a few words, but
fell away to silence without making herself
intelligible. Drawing in a deep breath,
she sank to oblivions of exhaustion.
  “Leave her be, sir; beggin’ your par-
don,” ventured old Abey. “I knows all
about women. She’ll be fine arfter a bit
o’ sleep.”
  “Look,” answered Bohannon. “Carry
her in that spare cabin next her old man.
Fix her up comf’table. Mr. Furlong,
you bear a hand, too—that is, carryin’
her in.”
  Mate and steward bore her away, limp,
helpless. The captain remained staring
at the suitcase, fascinated by its luxurious
leather, the gold stamped initials, the
possibilities it might enclose. Presently
Leadspitter emerged from the cabin
whither they had carried the girl. Bohan-
non silently beckoned him, gestured
eloquently at the suitcase. Leadspitter
nodded.
  Just then the captain saw Abey Buz-
zard peering out at him with an odd,
wondering look.
  “Will I bring her baggage in to her, too,
sir?” the steward asked.
  “No! I’ve given you your orders, you
old mope. Fix that woman up comf’table
in that there cabin, and look alive about
it, or I’ll give you a bit o’ the rough side o’
my tongue! And remember one thing,
stewart!”
  “Yes, sir?”
  “Nothin’ as happens here goes out o’
here, savvy? No long tongues wanted
aboard o’ this one. I’m the best tightener
of loose mouths as ever trod a ratline!
Get me?”
  “Yes—yes, sir!” Abey vanished.
  Bohannon picked up the suitcase and
nodded his head toward the door of his
own room. Leadspitter followed him
thither. Once inside, with the catch on
the door shot home, Bohannon laid the
suitcase on his desk.
  “Now then, Mr. Furlong,” he bit out,
“now then, let’s see what’s what.”
CHAPTER V
 TREASURE AND DEATH
“TT THAT’S what?” echoed Lead-
%/%/ spitter. His thick fingers shook
  *	* a little as he filled and lighted
his pipe. This thing of investigating rich
folks’ baggage had somewhat sapped his
nerve. “It wouldn’t be just the proper
ticket to open that there suitcase, d’you
think?”
  “Why not, wouldn’t it?”
  “Well, sir, I ain’t superstitious, nor
nothin’. But you know the old sayin’,
as how a suitcase aboard ship alius brings
bad luck. Best thing we—you—could
do, seems like, would be to leave it lay.”
“Well, I ain’t goin’ to, nohow!” Bohan-
non decided. “And what’s more, I’m
askin’ you to heave up ’longside and bear
a hand with me, doin’ it. I want you to
see all’s done reg’lar and shipshape—no
shenanigans.”
  Leadspitter thought:
  “Devil of a lot you care about reg’lar
and shipshape. You’re only askin’ me to
help because I’d know you done it, any-
how, and you want to work me in on it to
share up the trouble, if it comes to that!”
All he voiced, though, was:
  “You’re cap’n, here. Heave ahead, sir,
if you think fit.”
  “Course I think fit!” Bohannon re-
turned, his eyes narrowing. “Why
wouldn’t I? Ain’t I got the legal right to
know what’s bein’ brought aboard my
ship? Supposin’ there was smuggled
stuff into it? Or arms and ammynition?
Might be a pistol, eh, what?”
  “Yes, that’s so,” the mate assented.
“I never thought o’ that. An’ besides—”
“Well, what?”
THE ROARING HORN	91
1
  “Oh, nothin’. Heave ahead, sir. Let’s
put it to a survey!”
  Bohannon unstrapped the suitcase,
which here or there showed charred spots.
He opened the lock, raised the cover.
  “Mmph!” he grunted. “Only a female
fit out, I reckon. Not much here! And
what there is, it’s all like an old fireship’s
garret, everythin’ on top and nothin’
handy!”
  His huge and tattooed hand pawed at
feminine small wares and apparel. He
was about to close the suitcase again,
when his fingers touched metal. His
half embarrassed ineptitude vanished.
  “Hello! What’s this, now?” he ex-
claimed with an oath. “A gun?”
 It was not, however, a gun. As
Bohannon dragged out the metal object,
it stood revealed as a japanned dispatch
box, with J. D. L. painted on its lid.
  “What the devil’s this?” the captain
repeated.
  “It’s a tin box, sir.”
  “Oh, it is, eh? Thanks for tellin’ me!”
Bohannon gibed, his scarred lip asnarl.
“You’re a man of grand observation,
Mr. Furlong. I ain’t blind. A box, yes.
But what’s into it? That, ah, that’s the
question now!”
  Setting the box on his desk, he turned a
key still in its lock.
  “By Judas Priest, sir,” Leadspitter
protested, “that’s mebbe sailin’ a bit too
free, openin’ that there!”
  “Who knows but what the pistol’s in
here?” demanded the captain. “I got
the legal right to know. It’s my duty, by
jolly, to know, and I’m goin’ to!”
  Whereupon, without further ado, he
opened the metal box.
FOR A moment they remained there,
meshed in silence; a silence into
which intruded only the creak of
masts and yards, the whispering of cloven
waters along the hull, the various voices
of a ship at sea. But all at once—
“Thunderin’ God!” the captain gulped.
Leadspitter reached out, uncertainly
touched the contents of the box, drew
back again. The mate’s eyes were wide,
his jaw hanging. The pipe fell, spark
throwing and unheeded, to the floor.
  “By the jumpin’ Jehosophat!” he
stammered.
  Bohannon fell to pawing over the cash.
Under his rough and trembling fingers
the sheaves of yellow backs crumpled, the
bonds wrinkled. A lust of greed burned
in his eyes, which had become those of a
wolf. Eagerly he licked his lips.
  “Hell’s bells, Furlong—what a find!”
“It’s all o’ that, by the Judas! Looks
like a little million. But, but what d’you
mean, sir, a find?”
  “A find is a find, ain’t it, you lump-
head? Money’s money!”
  “Yes, but that’s ’cordin’ to whose it is.
And this here—it ain’t ourn.”
  “No, not now. But, it might be! Eh,
what?”
  “Might be, sir? I—I don’t quite
fathom it out. Where you drivin’?”
Silence again, while eye met eye, lips
tightened. The captain’s scar had grown
livid. He swallowed mechanically.
  “Are you a mouse or a man?” he shot
at Leadspitter.
  “You’d oughta know! What’s on your
chist? Heave it off!”
  “Pull up your braces and square your-
self fore an’ aft, Mr. Furlong. Take your
bearin’s. Let’s see how much guts you
got!”
  “Well, sir?”
  “Who does all this here stuff belong to?”
“Them two. An’ when the old ’un
slips his wind, it’s the gal’s. I—I ain’t
quite got the lay of it yet, sir.”
  “You ain’t got the wit of a louse!”
Bohannan growled. “Just supposin’ that
there gal—somethin’ was to happen
her—”
  “Ah! Meanin’—”
  “You damn’ muttonhead! Supposin’—”
and Bohannon’s voice lowered to hardly
more than a thread of sound—“supposin’
some dark night she was to get lost over-
board, or the like o’ that?”
  “By God!”
  “We could take care o’ that part of it
slick as pins. But there’d have to be
two of us, savvy? One reports it. T’other
02	GEORGE ALLAN ENGLAND
      (
calls the mainm’st to witness it’s true.
Swears to it on a stack o’ Bibles—swears
till all’s blue!”
  “Shhh! Ease off, Cap’n. Not so loud!”
Leadspitter hauled up a camp stool
and sat down cheek by jowl with Captain
Bohannon.
  ‘‘This here, now, is what I calls gram-
matical! You’re a cool star, all righto,
but I’m just as cool. Without no frills
to it, you mean we’re to whack up this
here stuff?”
  “You ain’t so damn’ tender that you
don’t get my drift! You won’t tear under
the wing!”
  “We goin’ to let Pete Mayes in on
this?”
  Bohannon shouted an angry answer:
“Hell’s bells, no! What d’j'ou think
I am, a complete fool?”
  Mechanically Leadspitter drummed on
the desk top.
  “No, I never thought that o’ you, any-
how. So then, it’s just you an’ me.”
  The first wine of excitement was dying
in their veins. Now their pulses were
beginning to beat with a more calculant
tempo.
  “Lost overboard,” the captain re-
peated. “That’s what I said. Act o’
God, stress o’ weather, or whatever. And
nobody but us two knows what in this
here box, do they?”
 “No. How much d’you make it,
Cap’n?”
  Bohannon dumped the contents of the
dispatch box on to his desk and spread it
abroad. A little chamois bag caught his
eye. This bag had lain beneath the
paper money and the bonds, and thus had
till now escaped him. With thick fingers
that quivered a bit he picked it up. Lead-
spitter eagerly exclaimed—
  “Cast off them cords there, sir, an’
let’s see!”
  With some difficulty Bohannon loos-
ened the chamois bag. From it he poured
out a cascade of diamonds, small and
large, of emeralds, rubies, sapphires.
Even in the half light of the cabin the
precious stones winked and shimmered,
fascinating pools of liquid light.
OLY murder in Ireland!” the
captain gasped.
  Leadspitter made odd, grunt-
ing noises, half breathless and blown by
winds of covetousness. He managed to
articulate—
 “How—how much—”
  “Lashin’s o’ money!” Bohannon ex-
claimed. “I ain’t strong on estimatin’
joolry, or the like o’ that, but I know
there’s many a king’s ransom e for less ’n
just these here. As for the bonds and
cash—”
  “Devil take the bonds! We don’t want
no truck nor dealin’ with bonds, Cap’n!
Ain’t people always gettin’ ketched up
that way, an’ hove on a lee shore, mon-
keyin’ with bonds? Burn ’em up, sir,
heave ’em to hell’s alley an’ gone. That’s
my say! But the cash money there, the
rhino—how much? Count it, Cap’n,
count it!”
  Bohannon’s clumsy fingers shook as he
stacked up the heavy bundles of bank-
notes—some of them the big white ones
of the Bank of England—and began
counting. Wolfish eyed, Leadspitter
watched, with suspended breath.
  “Hundred and five thousand, Amer-
ican,” the captain announced. “Sixteen
thousand pounds, English. That’s, let’s
see, call it eighty thousand bucks. Hun-
dred and eighty-five thousand, without
them jools.”
  He fell silent, his eyes like live coals.
For a moment Leadspitter could find no
words. Only the rumor of their heavy
breathing and the send of the waves
against the hull disturbed that pregnant
silence.
  “Hundred an’—eighty-five thousand!”
gulped Leadspitter. Sweating and with
red hair rucked up, he made a singular
figure of agitation. “That’s—by Judas
Priest!—that’s more ’n ninety thousand
apiece for us, an’—”
  “Slack away aft!” the captain growled.
“Who said anything about even-steven?”
“Ain’t you goin’ to?”
  “Like hell! Here, here, don’t you try
to get to wind’ard o’ me, Mr. Furlong!
You’re on the wrong tack, entire. One
THE ROARING HORN
93
third is what you get, and that’s a damn’
sight more ’n you deserve, too, me thinkin’
up the whole scheme and all. One third,
all snug and tidy. Take it or leave it!
Well, what say ?”
  A moment, it seemed that Leadspitter
was minded to contest. But the cap-
tain’s brow was heavy with menace. He
threatened.
  “You’re liable not to get a cent, if you
don’t speak up lively!”
  “All right, sir,” the mate conceded.
“Have it your own way. One third.
That’s sixty for my cut, anyhow. An’
them there stones?”
  “Same share. But—”
A TIMID knocking' at the door
checked him.
•	“Who the devil’s that?”
  “Me, sir,” sounded Abey Buzzard’s
voice. “I just wanted to say, sir, the old
man—it’s all off with him.”
  “Kicked the bucket, you mean?”
  “Yes, sir. Thought you’d oughta
know.”
  “All right. Sheer off!” To Leadspitter
he muttered, “I hope, by jolly, that old
fool of a stewart ain’t noticed we got the
suitcase in here!”
  “He don’t notice nothin’,” the mate
hardly more than whispered. “He don’t
notice not even the sun, don’t know he’s
alive. I ain’t worryin’ none about Abey!”
Already Bohannon was tying up the
gems in the buckskin bag, replacing bag,
money, bonds much as they had been, in
the metal box. He closed the box and
locked it, then shoved it back into the
suitcase which he tightly strapped. A
moment he pondered, with another and a
new idea pulling him by the ear. Lead-
spitter watched him keenly; he smeared
sweat from his forehead, heavily beaded,
and huskily breathed—
  “Man Aloft, but it’s hot here!”
“Harkee, Mr. Furlong,” the captain
suddenly spoke. “You and me, we’re
pardners into this here, now, one third
for you and two for me. That’s a say so,
both of us, and stands. But I’m thinkin’
this here may not be such a picnic, at that.
It’s all up to you to keep a stopper on
your jaw. If this here, if any breath o’
this money now, was to get forrard—”
“Among them beggars forrard?”
“That’s it. If they was to suspi-
cion it—”
  “You mean they might start a manus?
Mutinize, on us?”
  “You’re a good guesser. We might
have a racket with ’em, all right. That
gang o’ hell benders, they’d tear the
hearts out of us through our teeth, to
get the stuff; yes, and the livers, too!
And you can lay to that, solid.”
  “A lot they could do!” truculently re-
turned the mate.
  “You can’t never tell what they might
do! So you just be careful and double-
reef your tongue, savvy? It’s a fact we
got all the guns.” Bohannon glanced at
the ship’s armament suspended above.
“But our aft guard is only me and you,
Peter Mayes and old Abey. Course, we
could count on Bosun Saltash and a few o’
the stiddiest men. But forrard there’s
fifteen or more as hard cases as ever I see
in one bunch. What’s more, there’s one
of ’em—”
  “You mean that black livered cod,
Tyson?”
  “Right! He’s got brains, that lad has
Most of ’em don’t know enough to lap
salt,” Bohannon judged, “but if they
was torched up and led by Tyson—
And you’ve got to log him as a smart ’un.
He’d be in our wake, sure as shootin’.
He’s got guts, too. He’d tackle hell with
half a pint o’ water. Ain’t much like his
uncle, damned old yeller spined coward!
And—”
  “So you admit as how old Jason Mel-
lish is his uncle, for a fact?”
  “What’s the use denyin’ it, to you?
No odds, anyhow. All as matters is
Tyson. With a scrapper like that—”
“Nothin’ to hinder Tyson takin’ a
high dive too, some night, is there?”
“Not,” the captain replied, “not if we
was put to it, proper. But there ain’t no
use takin’ long shots. The wind’s hangin’
from a good quarter, for us. Let’s keep
it so. There ain’t no use takin’ chances.”
S4
GEORGE ALLAN ENGLAND
Eloquently he touched his thin and gash-
like mouth. “So—you know!”
  “I’m wise, Cap’n. But what you goin’
to do with the stuff, for now?”
  “Do? Goin’ to give it back to the gal,
o’ course. Arfter that, well, if I spilled
all the wind out o’ my sails, you’d know
as much as what I do!”
  “An’ that’s just what I got to know!”
the mate declared with choleric insistence.
“We’re into this here now, together.
We’re pardners. That means we got to
work together!”
  “Yes, just as far as I’m willin’, and no
farther. Stow that stuff, Mr. Furlong!
I’m runnin’ this here business. But
you’ll get your whack. Don’t you worry
none about that. I’m honest, I am.
When I say I’ll do a thing, by the Law
Clink, I’ll do it. First thing, though, the
stuff goes back to the gal. It’s hers, now
the old man has lost the number of his
mess. Hers for a while. Arfter that—”
“Arfter that?”
  “Leave it to me. Take your bearin’s,
close your windbag and keep it closed.
That’s all!”
  “Look a’ here, Cap’n! If you don’t
play square—”
  “That ’11 do you! What? Threatenin’
your superior officer? Hell’s bells, but
that’s nigh hand to mutiny!” Bohannon’s
pale eyes bored through the mate, gimlet-
like. Leadspitter’s own fell. “Now then,
mum’s the word. And here goes to put
the stuff back, all proper and honest-
like!”
WHILE Leadspitter keenly watched
him, he got up and unlocked the
door. Taking the suitcase, he
swung across the slant of the main cabin
floor to the girl’s cabin, knocked, got no
answer, and entered. He set the case
down beside the berth where she was
lying; then for a moment he stood watch-
ing her with evil and prehensive cal-
culation.
  All at once the girl’s dark eyes opened;
and Bohannon found himself enveloped in
a gaze whose steady scrutiny, for all his
bravado, just a little abashed him.
  “My father?” the girl asked, weakly.
“Is he better?”
  “Miss,” replied the captain, with rather
a failure of trying to render his tone sym-
pathetic, “miss, I wish you was a little
stronger. The news I got for you—”
  Her look widened. She struggled up
and sat there trembling in the berth.
“You mean—”
 Bohannon boggled the divulgation
clumsily as an elephant trying to play a
harp.
  “I mean—don’t take it too hard, miss,”
he mustered enough hypocrisy to condole,
“I mean as how there’s things happen
to all of us, now and again.”
  “You mean he’s dead?”
  “Well, his moorin’s has slipped, for a
fact, in a manner of speakin’. His anchor
chain has parted, I got to admit.”
  “If he’s dead, tell me!”
  “Ain’t that just what I’m doin’, miss?
When I tell you he’s topped his boom, as
you might say—parted his gear—”
  “Where is he?” she cried, and got to
her feet, holding unsteadily to the side of
the berth. “Where is he?”
  “Next cabin, miss. But you hadn’t
oughta—”
  “Let me go to him! Let me go!”
  “Oh, all right.” Then, as she tried to
reach the door, he caught her arm, half
supported her. “But don’t take it too
hard. Not too doggoned hard, miss!”
He led her to the cabin where the dead
man lay, and opened the door for her.
  “Don’t come in, please,” she whispered
brokenly. “I just want to be alone with
him, for the last time—alone ...”
HALF an hour on—a half hour
during which Bohannon had sat
herding his thoughts about rob-
bery, Leadspitter, Bahia Blanca and the
roaring Horn—the captain spatted out
the last of several pipefuls and betook
himself to the cabin of death. He knocked
and entered.
  He stood a moment in the doorway,
covertly smiling, his heart granitic with
exultation that things were so aptly fall-
ing to his hand. But—
THE ROARING HORN
95
  “Come, come,” he made a shift of
saying in a voice that tried to soothe.
He laid an ape paw on her shoulder as
the girl knelt beside the bunk where lay
the dead man. “Come now, miss, this
here don’t do no good, grievin’ don’t.
We all has to go by the board, all come
to anchor forever, one time another.
Takin’ on, that don’t help none. What’s
done is done, ain’t it? Well then, buck
up! That’s what I say, miss—buck up!”
She looked at him a silent moment,
with a courage that nobly partnered her
grief. Then she reached for his hand,
pressed it. Bohannon dribbled out a few
more words of cant:
  “I know it’s tough, miss. It’s all fired,
awful tough, but—”
  “You’re good to me,” she whispered.
“Forgive me if I’m weak.” Her lip
trembled. “I—oughtn’t to be weak. I’m
a sea captain’s daughter myself. So I
know—”
  “Eh, what? He had a ship? What
name?”
  “Viajero. Our yacht. My father was
navigating her when she burned. I’ll tell
you about it later. But now—what must
be done—it must be. That’s what you
mean?”
  “Ah, now you’re talkin’ like a woman
of humgumption! A complete hand you
are, that’s what. Come on, miss, heave
up out o’ there. Don’t stay there, the
like o’ that. Go on back to your own
berth and have a lay down. Hungry, eh?
Plenty to eat, here, and then some. _
Drink, too. Anything you want, we’re
fair glad and happy to give it to you.
Best we got!”
  “As if I wanted anything but my
father!”
  She yielded, though, as he drew her up
and away.
  “It’s rough, miss. Dog fired rough.
But you know how things is, aboard ship.”
“Yes. You mean—”
  “Sure! It wouldn’t do, y’know, keepin’
him. Not with a crew like what we got
forrard. They’re that superstitious!
Trouble enough as it is, without addin’
none to it. And besides,” he added with
  fine tact, “this hot weather—and no
ice—”
  “I understand. So, it’s got to be right
away?”
  “Yes, miss. Right off the bat, as you
might say.”
  She sighed heartbrokenly.
  “Just go out a minute, Captain.
Please! Just till I say goodby to him.
Then it—it’ll be all right.”
  He left her alone, closed the door and
stood waiting. His eye gleamed with
mercenary calculation.
  “A game ’un!” he pondered. “Sea
cap’n’s daughter, too. Hmmm! That’s
bad. No easy mark, this here female
ain’t.” He scratched his baldish head
with some displeasure. “But arfter all,
that don’t make a damn’s odds. She’s
only a gal. And there’s ways, ways.”
Presently she came out of the cabin,
stood a moment with her hand lingering
against the door, then walked to her own
room. Even in those few steps, as
Bohannon watched her slim grace, he
knew she had spoken truth. No woman
walks like that, who has not long been
familiar with the sea.
WHEN she had vanished into her
cabin Bohannon went to his own
for a welt of rum, and—thus
fortified—sought Leadspitter in the mate’s
room. He found Leadspitter barefoot
and in only undershirt and trousers. The
mate, stretched out in his bunk, was
brooding in a smoky atmosphere.
  “Time to give the old son of a one a
sea toss,” began the captain. “Quicker
the better. They don’t keep long, this
hot weather. They get high, mighty all
fired quick.”
  “O. K., sir. I’ll have the stiff sewed
up right away.” Leadspitter grinned
with yellow teeth. “That’s one of ’em,
anyhow, got rid of.” And expectantly
Leadspitter sat up.
  “Y’know, Mr. Furlong, he was some
kind o’ deep water man, himself. A skip,
or somethin’.”
  “So?”
“Yes, she told me. She’s a seafarin*
96
GEORGE ALLAN ENGLAND
man’s daughter. That, by joycus, makes
it. harder. Hard to cut any dingdoes with
them kind.”
  “What ship was it, did she say? What
happened?”
  “Yacht Viajero. Know more later.
She’s one jim slicker, all righto,” the cap-
tain continued. “You can tell by the
look of her figgerhead she ain’t no ornery
female.”
  “Clew up, sir!” ventured Leadspitter,
emitting much smoke. “We ain’t goin’
to misstay none, by lettin’ this here get
personal, as you might say. If she was
the Queen o’ Sheba herself—”
  “Yes, I know. But—well, we got to
keep a sharp lookout and not run on no
reefs. These here kind o’ women, they
ain’t so easy as some. We got to re-
member that.”
  “Oh, I guess the pair of us can handle
her,” the mate opined. “I ain’t worryin’
none. Once we get her old man slipped
overside, we’ll tackle the next job. One
thing to a time, that’s me.”
  “Right! Well—fix him up any time
now and let’s get it done with.”
  Bohannon withdrew to the dead man’s
cabin, while Leadspitter, grumbling, sum-
moned Boatswain Saltash.
  “Bosun,” he ordered, “get some old
togal’n cloth in the sail locker an’ sew up
the stiff. Be sure you ballast him good,
  too. Quick as you’re ready, we’ll heave
him.”
  “Yes, sir,” answered the old P. I, and
twisted his stringy gray mustache.
“Couple o’ prayer books ’11 do, sir?”
  “Put in a bible, too, for full measure.
I reckon he was a pretty good man, an’
it takes a lot to keep a good man down!”
On which jest, both grinning, they
terminated the interview. Leadspitter
continued smoking. The boatswain de-
parted to busy himself with preparations
for the burial at sea.
  Bohannon meantime, was searching the
body. His eye was the eye of a crocodile,
his smile that of a hyena. Into his pocket
he slipped some thirty dollars in bills
and silver, of which he relieved the
corpse.
  “Here, by God,” he muttered, “is a
little jack I don’t have to share up with
Leadspitter. And what’s the devilish
use of lettin’ this old stiff keep it? Lot o’
good it’d do him, where he’s goin’!”
 The dead man’s watch and a few
papers he laid aside, to give the girl.
Then, matters seeming in good train, he
went back to his own cabin once more for
another drink or two.
  The China Girl meantime, with a fair
and following breeze, was logging off the
knots, shortening the long sea miles that
lay between her and the Horn.
TO BE CONTINUED
    A gold strike is likely to change a
    man's viewpoint on many things^
Especially
   Dance hall
           women
 By ALMA and PAUL ELLERBE
C3 JIM BRIGGS wandered into
Al's Dance Hall one night when
“Captain Mac” was drunk and
throwing things.
  She had splendid deep red hair and a
skin as white as blanched almonds, and
he admired her extravagantly. As a
child admires a Christmas tree. And dif-
ferently, too—very differently. He had
even given up prospecting now and then
and made good money as a carpenter so
that he could spend it on her. He had
spent it all, and he knew her very well,
but he had never seen her drunk before.
He had been in such places a good deal,
but he hadn’t got used to seeing women
drunk. It hurt him.
  He was about to wander on out. again
when he heard one of the other girls say:
“She’s gonna pay for this all right! A1
will make ’er come acrost with the ex-
penses of the whole damn’ place for a
month for that big mirror she broke!”
Long Jim hesitated and then started
toward her. She took a saucer from one
of t he little tables and sailed it like a clay
pigeon. It curved and hit him over the
eye. The blood ran down his cheek and
everybody laughed. He wiped it away
with his handkerchief and put his hand
97
98
ALMA and PAUL ELLERBE
on her arm just as she was going to throw
another saucer.
  “Why, Rosie—” he said reproachfully,
in his soft, rumbling bass, and stopped
helplessly. His soft black eyes looked out
kindly above his soft brown mustache and
his great soft brown beard, and said what
his tongue couldn’t find the words for.
  Captain Mac was madder than she
was drunk. All her sensations and her
thoughts were combined in one ache, like
the ache in a tooth, and she was biting
upon it savagely and taking a kind of sat-
isfaction in the keen shoots of her pain.
She could have knifed A1 that night out
of hand and seen through stoically what-
ever might have come of it, but Jim
Briggs’ voice and his eyes were the kind
of things she had forgotten the existence
of, and they slipped in under her guard
and pierced the quick of her.
  She didn’t throw the other saucer, but
suddenly Rosie Ellen McCarthy, a decent
Irish girl, looked out of her eyes and said
with a flash of passionate appeal—
  “For God’s sake, Jim, take me out o’
this!”
  Jim didn’t expect it. It touched him
so deeply that he could only gulp and nod
his head. With his great height and bent
shoulders and baggy clothes he looked
uncouth and awkward, standing beside
painted, half nude Captain Mac in her
spangled dress. He looked around help-
lessly for something to cover her shoul-
ders with.
   “This’ll do,” she said, stretching out her
hand for a yellow scarf on the top of a
gilded upright piano.
  She took it with one strong pull, sling-
ing heedlessly along the floor in a rain of
broken bits half a dozen pieces of bric-a-
brac that had rested upon it.
  Jim folded the gaudy stuff clumsily
about her and took her by the arm and
started to go out, when A1 came up and
stood in front of him, dapper, suave and
touched with cynicism.
  “There’s money owing me,” he said po-
litely, “and she ain’t going nowhere till
it’s paid, see?”
  The red surged into Jim’s cheeks, pale
from working underground, and his voice
rose dangerously out of its soft rumble.
  “There’s a hell of a lot more than
money owing you, you God-forgotten lit-
tle skunk, and if you don’t get out o’ my
way I’m liable to pay you the part of it
you ain’t lookin’ for!”
  He kept his eye on the other’s hands
and his muscles braced. If you started
things in Al’s place you finished them
swiftly, or they finished you.
  The white hairy fingers twitched into
the expected signal and Jim swung the
bony mass of his fist against Al’s ear as he
would have swung a pick into a stubborn
conglomeration of quartz. But that was
incidental. He didn’t even notice where
the little man rolled. Jerked forward
by Al’s signal, a very different antago-
nist was coming on the jump—Hard Pan
Schmitz, the dance hall bouncer.
  Jim Briggs was no match for him and
knew it. Almost as if he had followed
through the blow that sent A1 spinning,
he snatched up a heavy lighted lamp,
whirled it above his head and flung it. It
struck Schmitz’s raised forearm, smashed
down his guard and covered him with
broken glass and burning oil.
  In the stunned second before the racket
began Jim took Rosie by the wrist and
broke through to the street. Behind
them the place seethed like an ants’ nest
laid open by a spade.
  He pulled her around the first corner.
They pelted through the snow as fast as
she could run. He zigzagged his way
through the town, taking alleys when he
could. They came at length to the door
of a wooden shack below the level of the
sidewalk, on an unlighted street. Its
unpainted boards were warped, it listed
heavily and, in common with all the other
houses in the block, it looked deserted.
But Jim jumped down to it, key in hand,
and by the time Rosie had descended the
rickety steps that led from the sidewalk
he had opened the door.
  He shut it behind her, struck a match
and led the way into a room furnished
with a stove, a camp cot, a chair and a
small pine table with a smoke blackened
ESPECIALLY DANCE HALL WOMEN
99
lamp on it. He lighted the lamp. Rosie
fell into the chair, breathing in big pain-
ful gulps. She wasn’t used to running.
The great altitude—ten thousand feet—
had played havoc with her breath. Jim
had swung a pick there too long to be
much affected. They looked at each other
in the dim light.
  “It’s jest a place to sleep,” he said
awkwardly. “Nobody knows I own it.
Feller gave it to me that struck it rich an’
went away. Mostly I’m in the hills any-
how. So wouldn’t anybody look for us
here.”
  And then:
  “The sheriff and the marshal’s both
down on Al. If we can get away without
bein’ noticed, it ain’t likely anybody’ll
foller.”
  “Maybe it’d be safe for you to stay,
then,” said Rosie, when she had breath
enough to say anything.
  “Maybe. But I was aimin’ to go any-
how. Why don’t you go with me, an’—
an’ stay with me?”
  She looked at him steadily.
   “I ain’t fit.”
  “You’re as fit as I am,” he said quietly,
in the soft, rumbling, reassuring bass that
seemed kin to rivers and winds. “What
d’you say to a clean break an’ a new start
together?” He lingered on the last word
wistfully. “I’ve been pretty lonesome,
you know, a-knockin’ round from one
prospect hole to another an’ livin’ like a
pack rat.”
  She got up and came close and looked
at him intently. The yellow piano scarf
that covered her befrizzled red head like
an incongruous cowl and clashed crudely
with her red dress; her silver slippers,
her spangles, the bunch of cotton roses at
her waist, her rouged cheeks and scarlet
lips and half-bared heaving breasts con-
trasted strangely with her honest eyes.
“Do you want it for yourself, Jim?”
“For myself—more’n anything.”
“You’re not lying to me?”
  “So help me God.”
  He had expected her arms about his
neck, but she gave him her hand like a
man.
  “I’ll never let you down,” she said
shortly. “Let’s go.”
  They went out under a sky of faint,
clean blue, where a frosty moon queened
it amidst a scattering of small pale stars,
and found a man who was driving out of
town in a wagon and went with him.
  By one means and another they made
their way into the Gray Dome country
and Jim built a cabin there.
FIFTEEN years later, Rosie Briggs
stood in the door of it and watched
Jim climb down the steep trail to-
ward his latest prospect hole.
  There was a fresh sprinkling of snow,
so light and dry that the faint wind
started bits of it to rolling like feathers.
Beneath it the smells of spruce and pine
and juniper and little silver mountain
sage were dormant. The cold, clean, thin
air of early morning was stripped for the
odor of Long Jim’s pipe, and it drifted up,
rank and acrid. Rosie liked it, at that
hour and in that place.
  She watched him until he waved his
hand far below like a tiny marionette be-
fore he took the fork of the trail under the
big Engelmann spruce and disappeared
for the day. She waved back and turned
to her tubs. Every week she washed the
clothes of four families in Gray Dome, the
mining town down the main road just
around the next bend. It was hard work,
but she didn’t mind it much.
  She didn’t think about it. Besides, she
only worked four days a week. The
other three she rested—sewed a little,
crocheted a little, knit a little—sweaters
and stockings and mittens for Jim and
herself, and kept her diminutive house as
clean as a chemist’s scales; or sat quietly
out in front in summer or inside by the
stove in winter and let the long waves of
peace wash deeper and deeper in. Peace
is good after a life like Rosie’s. She lay
in it thankfully, as in a bath, and soaked
old stains away.
  On the side of Gray Dome Mountain,
with the sheer drop of the canon at her
feet and the range spread out beyond;
in the midst of cleanness and silence
100
ALMA and PAUL ELLERBE
unbroken since that old rocky backbone of
the continent thrust itself up into the sun,
she had risen slowly out of the shards of
the life of Captain Mac and come, late
but surely, into her heritage of womanli-
ness and dignity. The years had chipped
away her prettiness, but in its place was
beauty for those who could see it. The
smooth face had been sculptured into
something fine and strong and self-di-
rected, something steadfast and serene.
She wasn’t blown about by tantrums any
more.
  She had a stake in the game of life now,
and she played to hold it. She had stead-
ied to meet the responsibilities thrust
upon her by Jim. He was as kind and
patient as the seasons, and as unreliable.
And she was like a cottonwood tree; she
put out the leaves of her affection and
confidence surely and abundantly, but
with tireless caution and she rarely got
nipped. She controlled him where he
could be controlled, and where he couldn’t
she accepted him as she did the weather.
Her knowledge of men was empirical, un-
hampered by theories.
  Jim would give anybody anything she
had—he possessed nothing himself—and
be perennially surprized if she objected.
Usually she didp’t, but if it was some-
thing she wanted she went after it and
got it back if she could. Any bum or
crook or sharper could win his friendship
and pick his mind or his pocket if either
happened to have anything in it.
  But Rosie’s mind was her own, and in-
stead of a pocket she used the Conifer
County Savings Bank. She met him at
all points as shrewdly as if he had been
an opponent—which in a sense he was—
but she loved him. And she knew that
he loved her, and counted on it, but only
for what it was worth.
  She put more trust in his poverty.
Every day, of course, he expected to strike
it. And for a while she had thought he
might. But gradually as the days lay
themselves down in long, pleasantly mo-
notonous rows until the sum of them
made many years, she came to know that
he wouldn’t. And that, far more than his
love, was the foundation of her content.
While he was poor he was hers—wholly,
unqualifiedly, unthinkingly hers.
  Poor was scarcely the word, though.
Jim lived in a moneyless world. Out of
the little she made she supplied the sim-
ple necessities of both of them, and he was
willing to wait for everything else until
he struck it. “Then—! Then—!” was
what he thought of as he made his slow
way up and down the mountainside. To
him the thought was roseate, luminous,
rejuvenescent.
  But Rosie hated it. If for nothing
else, because it held the seeds of possible
change. After a chancy life, she valued
most, of things attainable by human be-
ings, a life that was free from chances.
  On this morning in spring an eagle
slanted down the sky on wide, still wings;
the ice broke up and tinkled in Little Cub
Creek in the canon; the orange and yel-
low shoots of the willows swelled out to-
ward catkins; and Rosie washed her
clothes contentedly, secure in the knowl-
edge that there was no “then”; while over
in his hole in the side of Old Baldy Jim
broke up her world with quick excited
blows of a short-handled miner’s pick.
  She was hanging out the clothes on the
squawberry bushes at the back when she
heard the impatient crash of his elk hide
boots. She went quickly through the
house and stopped in the front door at
sight of him.
  When he swung up his heavy bag of
samples for a signal, she knew. Knew
before she heard his whoop. And when
it cut across the stillness like the whistle
of a locomotive it struck her cold. It
chilled the core of her spirit, as an icy
wind loosed in the tropics would chill a
naked native.
  “Struck it, by thunder! Two hundred
dollars to the ton, if it’s worth a cent!
An’ the vein as plain as a layer o’ choc’-
late in a cake!”
  He fell into a chair on the porch. Rosie
stood and stared at him. The one thing
he knew was ore. He had the kind of
knowledge that men had been willing to
pay for when he’d sell it. His “then” had
ESPECIALLY DANCE HALL WOMEN
101
come. The realization went through her
consciousness in widening rings. What-
ever else it meant, it meant the end of
this; the beginning of uncertainty.
  He caught her in his arms and swept
her into the cabin and danced her about
until the place shook.
  “Didn’t I tell you? Didn’t I say you’d
ride in your own auto yet? It. had to
come, old lady, it jest nacherally had to
come!”
  He gave her a hug and turned her
loose.
  “I knowed it,” he said solemnly. “I’ve
alius knowed it. Away down deep in
there—” he tapped his breast—“I’ve had
a hunch.”
  He flung himself into a chair and looked
at her hard. “Ain’t you glad?” he said
suddenly.
  She was like a boat that has luffed into
the wind. For a moment her mental sails
hung flapping. Then they filled and
strained and she set out before this new
cold breeze. She told him as best she
could that she was glad.
  “To look at you a feller might think
you was kinder sorry like,” he said quiz-
zically. “What’s the matter?”
  “I was thinkin’ a little about how happy
we’d been right here—just you and me
and the house you made yourself.”
  “ ’Twarn’t a patch on what it’s gonna
be,” he said, and jumped up and was off’
with his samples to the assayer’s in Gray
Dome. He stepped strongly, as a young
man does. Half the stoop was gone from
his shoulders.
  Rosie turned back slowly and sat down
heavily at the kitchen table, her occupa-
tion gone. Jim didn’t need a grubstaker
now. She sat there a long time, while
memories of other miners who had got
rich swarmed in her brain like little devils
that fell over each other in their eagerness
to stab her: Senator Sherrill, and Tom
Potts, the hotel man, and Hooker Bates,
who took his flier in Wall Street; and
Mike Watson, who divorced his wife for
Dora Schoonmaker, and a dozen others.
They made their money and then were
gathered in by women like the Schoon-
makers. She had seen so many of them.
They always left the women they had
picked up when they were poor. Espe-
cially dance hall women. Even when
they were their wives.
 And she and Jim had never been
married.
BUT ROSIE BRIGGS wasn’t a quit-
ter. Little in her life had gone by
default. When the terms of the
sale of the mine had been arranged and
everybody in Conifer County knew that
Jim was going to be a rich man, she
capped his plans with hers and squared
about to meet what was coming. She
went over her clothes and spruced up as
much as she could to match her new
station. And very carefully she laid
down a program of buying to be carried
out as soon as the money came in.
  Among her things she found a picture
that she had clipped from a fashion mag-
azine twelve years ago—a colored picture
of an electric-blue plush dress of a style
that she had admired. She felt a twinge
of sadness as she wondered how many
other things that she had wanted and
gone without would look as queer as
that now.
  The dress she had worn when Jim took
her out of the dance hall—the red dress
with the spangles on it—looked queerer,
but that night while Jim was in the vil-
lage on an errand after supper she put it
on and sat waiting for him by the fire, de-
termined to play such cards as she
had.
  When he came in he stopped at the door
of the little sitting room with a whistle
of surprize.
  “I ain’t seen that for ten years. Didn’t
know you had it.”
  “It isn't much—” she said, smoothing
the skirt.
  She had lengthened and renovated it
as best she could. It was the only piece
of finery she owned.
  “It’s all right. Lord, how purty I uster
think it was!”
  The windows were open to the night.
The weather had turned suddenly warm
102
ALMA and PAUL ELLERBE
that day, as if the old earth had decided to
start life all over again with the Briggses.
There was a moon, and the new tender
leaves of the aspens about the cabin
made patterns on it that twinkled. You
could almost feel the soft wooly anemones
thrusting up their oval spear points out-
side.
  The feel of it all had got into Rosie’s
heart and driven out some of her fears.
She even had her old banjo in her lap.
She wanted to prove to him that she
meant to help him to be happy. She
touched the strings and began to sing.
  She knew only the songs that had been
popular a good while ago—“Daisy”,
“Two Little Girls in Blue”, “Sweet Rosie
O’Grady” and one or two more of the
same sort. These, to her, were “music”—
all there was of it. She sang:
   “Daisy, Daisy,^give me your answer true.
   I’m half crazy, just for the love of you” . . .
and felt a load slipping from her heart as
the snow slips from the summit of Gray
Dome Mountain when warm weather
comes.
  “Gosh!” Jim murmured. “You ain’t
sung that sence—”
  He let the sentence die. His eyes
smiled above his grizzling brown mus-
tache and beard. She wanted to put
down the banjo and go to him and touch
his hand. But she went on singing,
pleased that she remembered the tune so
well, that her voice rang out so clear and
true, and Jim came and sat close beside
her.
  A strange, deliciously sweet odor crept
in under the smells of growing things and
wet earth out there on the dripping moun-
tainside. She felt just then that Jim was
as steadfast and as sure to stand by as the
huge silver spruce that the cabin was
built against. She let her cheek rest on
the shoulder of his coat. -
          “It won't be a stylish marriage.
         For I can't afford a carriage ...”
The odor came more strongly. It was like
orange flowers. She smiled at the senti-
mental notion. Orange flowers on the
side of Gray Dome—
      “But you’d look sweet—upon the seat
      Of a bicycle built—”
  The odor came from Jim’s coat.
  It said suddenly, “Lorraine Schoon-
maker,” as plainly as Jim’s lips could
have said it. To smell it was to see the
girl standing behind the counter in the
Gray Dome Dry Goods Company’s store.
Probably there was no one in town who
would have failed to connect her with
that perfume.
  A knife seemed to unfold inside of
Rosie. It cut her song off in the middle
of the line and brought her upright in her
chair with a gasp.
  “What’s the matter?” Jim said, startled.
  She got to her feet. She almost came
straight out with it. That would have
been like her. It was what she wanted
to do. But for the first time in many
years she was afraid. She stared at Jim
with deep revulsion. Suddenly he was
part of an elemental horror that she had
climbed out of long ago and that now was
closing around her again.
  “I—I hadn’t ought to’ve sung that,”
she said thickly. “It—makes me think
too much of the old days,” and went
stumbling off to the bedroom.
  He followed her and stood around, say-
ing things to comfort her, and finally she
pretended that her mood had passed.
But when she lay still at last by his side
and thought about Lorraine Schoonma-
ker, hard lines pulled at the corners of her
mouth that hadn’t been there for fifteen
years. Long after all traces of it had van-
ished, she fancied that the air was faintly
touched with the perfume of orange
flowers.
  “Women” would have been bad enough,
but he would have tired of them and come
back. There’d be no coming back from
this girl of twenty-one, clever and hard
of mind and soft and pink of body, with
the first taste of what money could do
fresh in her mouth.
 Men didn’t come back from the
Schoonmaker women. Behind Lorraine,
ESPECIALLY DANCE HALL WOMEN
103
with her sleek black pomaded hair, her
short tight pussy willow taffeta one piece
gown, her chiffon stockings and high-
heeled satin pumps with rhinestone
buckles, her vanity case almost as big as
a traveling bag, her jeweled wrist watch
and swinging bead girdle, Rosie saw Ally
Schoonmaker, her older sister, who had
married Timothy Bund practically on his
death-bed for his house and his shares in
the North Star Mine. And behind Ally,
up the ladder of the years a rung or
two, Dora Schoonmaker, breaking up the
Watson home when Mike Watson’s mine
began to pay, and somehow juggling him
into a divorce from the woman who had
seen him through the lean grim years of
penury and into marriage with her and
then carrying him off East. And Effie,
the oldest of the four, who had run away
with Perce Williams, nearly two decades
her junior, when he came into his father’s
money, and held him grimly to her side
ever since.
  Yes, and even Bertha Schoonmaker,
the mother, with her wig and her dirty
chiffon blouses and her painted cheeks
and brown teeth and pink-lined hats with
floating pink veils, playing the man-game
still, at sixty-four. Their lean, rapacious
Schoonmaker hands were all alike If
Lorraine took Jim, she’d take him to
keep. At the altar. For very definite
financial ends of her own.
  The tacit bargain between Long Jim
and Rosie had never got itself into words;
they hadn’t felt the need of them. He
had pulled her out of hell. The strength
of her allegiance to him couldn’t be in-
creased by the mere saying of words, how-
ever sacred, or the giving of a ring. Mar-
riage would have added nothing to her
side of it. Nor, she had thought, to his.
She wished now that she had it, but it
had not occurred to her to wish it before.
She had had something so much solider
in poverty. Marriage might hold and it
might not, but while he had been depen-
dent upon her for his food and clothes,
there had been no doubt.
  She went back to that over and over
that night, seeing the placid years in the
little house as very beautiful through a
mist of pain. She had a feeling that, pull-
ing at the almost forgotten cadences of
the song, she had brought the past down
about her ears. She felt the old trapped
fatalistic despair and sick rage, without
the old vigor. Something began banking
up inside of her, steadily, relentlessly.
She was terribly afraid of it. It seemed
to her that it was a great bubble of black
blood in her brain, and that when it
burst— She tried to keep from thinking
to ease the strain on it, but her thoughts
streamed out swiftly from oubliettes in
obscure corners of her mind.
  They were hideous thoughts and really
not hers at all. It seemed that some devil
sent them to torture her. The unfair-
ness of it gagged in her throat. She had
fought her way out of filth and blackness
to cleanness and the sun, and now, with-
out volition, the old horror came on her
again from within—clicked through her
brain like yards and yards of cinema film.
The current of her life had swept past its
one clean tranquil place and was swirling
along muddied and normal. The familiar
ache was in her heart, and Rosie was her-
self again—Captain Mac, of Al’s Dance
Hall. You didn’t get away from things
like that.
  Well, there were things that Captain
Mac knew how to do that Rosie Briggs
had forgotten. She had whipped a can
along the street once with revolver bul-
lets as a child whips a hoop, to the ad-
miration of every idle man in town, and
ended the demonstration by shooting a
stranger’s plug hat off his head with-
out disturbing his hair. Her whirling
thoughts showed her Jim’s old .44 in the
left-hand end of the bottom drawer of
the dresser.
  She must wait, she told herself—and
her heart gave a great bound—she must
wait until she had them together! She
laughed out with sudden raucous cruelty
in the still cool night. Jim stirred in his
sleep but didn’t waken. She raised her-
self on one elbow and looked down at him,
while her thoughts raced and danced,
piling themselves into the bubble.
104
ALMA and PAULELLERBE
  And then it burst and left her weak
with compassion, seeing them together in
her mind’s eye; seeing them as clearly as
the daylight that was climbing over Gray
Dome Mountain. That fragile, empty,
smart little thing and Long Jim Briggs!
Gaunt, weathered, grizzled old Jim—and
her! She’d no more be able to shoot than
to enter into her dead mother’s womb
and be born again.
  Feeling as old as the granite hills that
ramparted the canon, and with some-
thing too of their plain ineluctable dig-
nity, she arose and dressed herself and
built the breakfast fire in the stove.
  When Jim came out to her she got slow-
ly to her feet, closed the damper and
faced him.
  “Jim,” she said, “that girl don’t want
you. Take a good look at yourself in the
mirror over there, and then think of her.
She’ll throw you away like a sucked
orange when the money’s gone.”
  Long Jim Briggs stood up with his head
in the rafters of the tiny room and stared
like an idiot.
  “I smelled her perfumery on your
coat,” said Rosie shortly, and compre-
hension dawned slowly in his face.
  “Holy jumping June bugs!” he said
from somewhere down in his boots. “So
that's what you thought! Wait a min-
ute. I was hidin’ it in the wood house.
I wanted to surprize you.”
  In a moment he returned with a pack-
age. With awkward swift movements he
ripped off the wrapping paper and shook
out the folds of a brilliant electric blue
plush dress of a fashion fallen into forgot-
ten desuetude ten years before.
  He displayed it pridefully down the
front of his long person, head a-cock and
a twinkle in his eye.
  “That’s all there was between us!
Smell it!” The room reeked of orange
blossoms. “She made, it for me nights,
to make some extra money. It’s the kind
you kep’ a picture of from a fashion book.
I got it off your dresser. Do you—do you
like it, Rosie?”
  She tried to speak, but could only nod
her head. He patted her shoulder awk-
wardly. The dress swam before her eyes
like a pane of blue glass in the rain.
  “It’s goin’ to be the swellest weddin’,”
he said huskily, “that little old Gray
Dome ever seen. An’ then—” he cleared
his throat with a rumble like summer
thunder—“we’re goin’ to Denver an’ buy
a house on Capitol Hill an’ the finest auto
in town, an’ a nigger to run it an’ drive
around an’ tell ’em all to go to hell!”
The story of a flying lieutenant who went A. W.O.L.
In Line of Duty
A HEAVY TRUCK lumbered
slowly along a road in central
France. On both sides of the
road was an uninspiring vista
of brown fields, stretching away as far
as the eye could reach, and only occasion-
ally broken by smalL clumps of small
scrubby trees. On the seat of the truck
beside the driver sat a little man with a
drooping mustache. This droopiness was
evidence that he had come there by way
of Paris. When he reached the French
capital the mustache had been smartly
waxed.
  Finally he addressed the driver out of
sheer boredom.
  “Pretty sad dump around here, ain’t
it?” he remarked obviously.
  “Sad?” inquired the truck driver, a
horse faced man with a large bulge in his
cheek, who suggested mules rather than
mechanical means of locomotion. “Sad?
Say, Lieutenant, you ain’t seen nuthin*
yet! Wait till you see the fiyin’ field.
They have to lay duckboards to get out
to the airyplanes on. The only birds who
have a good time around there are the
Dutchmen—prisoners, you know. I took
’em out a load of beer and cognac this
morning, and there was a hardboiled
M.P. sergeant ridin’ the load to make
sure it all got there, an’ it did, too. And
then the lucky suckers work in the kitchen
and get all they want to eat, too—the
Dutch, I mean. Makes me sick to think
o’ them krauts lyin’ around with nuthin’
to do but stuff an’ guzzle, while hard
workin’ guys like me— Look, there’s the
field now.”
  He pointed ahead to a group of low
105
106
H. P. S. GREENE
barrack buildings which clustered near
the road on the left hand side. Farther
away could be seen several hangars, but
no signs of activity.
  “I don’t see any flying going on,” re-
marked the lieutenant, whose name was
Tommy Lang.
  “No, an’ you won’t prob’ly, till next
spring,” returned the driver.
  He turned off the rough but hard road
through the gateway into the camp, and
the engine of the truck began to labor as
its wheels sank deep into the soft mud, so
he shifted into second. Once more the
truck lurched forward, but only for a
moment. The driver shifted back into
first, but the new impetus gained was
only temporary, and presently the chain-
less wheels spun vainly. The driver shut
off his motor and climbed to the ground.
  “This is as far as we can go, Lieuten-
ant,” he said. “You’ll have to lug your
own baggage in from here. The frogs
won’t let us use chains on the road, so they
took ’em away from us.”
  He proceeded around to the back of the
truck and let down the tailboard with a
bang. Tommy climbed down gingerly,
but immediately sank almost to his
knees. The driver was dragging out his
bed roll and trunk, which fell to the
ground with a squashy sound; then he
went around to the front of the truck and
began to labor at the crank.
  “What do I do now?” asked Tommy,
looking around.
  There wasn’t another soul anywhere in
sight.
  “Report to the personnel officer up
there,” answered the driver, waving his
arm vaguely toward the row of long
barrack buildings nearby. So saying, he
climbed once more to the seat and began
to churn his way backward toward firmer
ground.
LEAVING the sad monument of his
baggage, Tommy sloughed through
-^the mud until he reached a pathway
of duckboards which ran parallel to the
row of barracks. On one of these build-
ings was a sign, and as he approached it,
the latest addition to the great American
flying field was able to see that it read
as follows:
         PERSONNEL OFFICE
         for
         OFFICERS
         FLYING OFFICERS
         FLYING CADETS
         CADETS
  “And the shepherd separates the sheep
from the goats,” thought Tommy as he
climbed a short flight of steps and entered
the office. The shepherd, a small, pot
bellied man with captain’s bars but no
wings on his serge blouse, eyed the newest
flying lieutenant, his whipcord uniform
and his papers with disfavor.
   “All right,” he said in a querulous voice.
“Find yourself a bunk in the flying offi-
cers’ barrack. You will be assigned to a
section for duty. Look on the bulletin
board in the operations office.”
  Tommy saluted and went out. He saw
his baggage still forming an island in the
sea of mud, but it seemed to have shrunk
appreciably since he left it. He had an
idea that he must salvage it before it dis-
appeared entirely.
  Walking along the duckboard, he heard
a chorus of voices raised in ribald song
in one of the barracks and stopped, feeling
that he had reached a friendly haven.
“When I joined the Army I was clean and neat.
Now—”
  The noise ceased abruptly as the flying
officer entered.
  “Attention!” shouted one voice.
  “Ma-a-a-a-ah!” said another.
  The place was full of irreverent and
antagonistic cadets, and Tommy re-
treated, feeling that it was not the time
to stop and explain that the only reason
he was not among them was through the
mistake of some nodding Homer in Wash-
ington in giving him a commission as
soon as he enlisted, instead of when he got
his pilot’s license. The song followed him:
   “The officers live on the top of the hill.
   The flying cadets in the slush and the swill—
   I don’t want any more Array.
   Gee, how I want to go home.”
IN LINE OF DUTY
107
  He came to the last barrack of all,
which was only about three-fourths built.
Going inside, he found it empty of human
life, but the contents was reassuring.
Under the neatly spread double-decker
bunks were officers’ bools, and the walls
were covered with overcoats bearing the
single stripe of a first lieutenant, and with
various flying clothes and equipment.
In what would be the middle of the long
building was a single large stove which
feebly radiated its rays of heat against
the blasts of cold damp air from the open
end. Near that end were several unoc-
cupied bunks, one of which Tommy de-
cided must be for him.
IT WAS commencing to get dark out-
side, and colder, too. The little flyer
huddled closer to the stove and
smoked a cigaret. Somebody must come
in before long. Somebody did.
  There was a clatter on the duckboards
outside and a horde of flying lieutenants
trouped in, making loud noises and crowd-
ing around the stove. Tommy scanned
their faces anxiously, but there was no-
body there he knew. A tall, thin man
eyed him in a friendly manner, and
Tommy asked him t9 help him with his
baggage. The other assented readily,
and they excavated the large French
trunk and fancy bed roll which marked a
man who had enlisted in Paris, and one
by one dragged them inside.
  “You might as well take this bunk next
to me and Fat,” said the tall man, who
was known as Long John. “We got left
behind for a day in Paris by accident, and
when we got here the barrack was almost
full up, so we had to take bunks near the
end. What ground school did you go to?”
“I never went to ground school,” re-
turned Tommy. “I was an ambulance
driver and enlisted in Paris.”
  He looked around curiously at his
companions in the barrack. They were
of an unfamiliar genus, men who had had
their preliminary training and got their
commissions in the States.
  There were various strange divisions in
the early days of the Air Service in France.
At the French school at Tours there were,
outwardly at least, several different
breeds of Americans. First the Foreign
Legion trained there, and then a lost or
strayed detachment of American gobs.
Then the Army started enlisting men in
Paris, mostly former ambulance drivers,
who continued the old feud between the
American Ambulance and Norton Harjes,
but united in scorn for those whose service
had been confined to the Mexican
Border.
  Then one day a body of men marched
into camp in column of fours, a military
evolution which the ambulance drivers
regarded with pitying contempt.
  “Who are those men?” the question
ran around.
  “Ground school men,” was the reply,
and the ex-ambulanciers immediately
joined together in one clique against the
others.
  Now Tommy was meeting a new divi-
sion in the ranks of the flyers—those who
had not only been to ground school, but
had had preliminary flying training in
the States.
  He inquired after various of his friends,
only to find that they had been trans-
ferred to a more advanced field; and,
realizing that more than an hour still re-
mained before supper, he started down
the road toward a house he had noticed
when the truck brought him to the field.
Perhaps he might find a drink there, and
possibly some one he knew. He was cold
and shivering and thought longingly of
the woolen underwear sent him by an
aunt, which was buried in his trunk. For
years he had worn nothing but so-called
athletic underwear, but the time had
evidently come to change.
  He approached the house, a solitary
farm, but still somehow suggestive of
liquid refreshment. The door stood open
hospitably, and he walked in. His nose
had not deceived him, for though there
was no 6ne in the room, a small bar stood
along one end, and when the gnarled,
stooped lady of the establishment came
in, he ordered a glass of rum. The strong
liquor warmed him.
108
H. P. S. GREENE
  There was a puttering roar outside, and
a motorcycle pulled up at the door.
Tommy observed the evident agitation of
the Madame with surprise. Then a man
with a hard face came inside. He looked
at Tommy threateningly.
  “Have a drink,” invited the little pilot
in friendly tones.
  He hated to drink alone, even if he was
cold. The other, who wore a brassard
around his arm like a stretcher bearer in
the French army, agreed in a surly man-
ner. Tommy wondered who the fellow
was as he gulped his drink, and waited to
see if the other would return the compli-
ment, as was in vogue in those days. He
didn’t, and Tommy turned to leave.
  “Hey, feller,” said the surly one.
“Guess I’ll have another one.”
  “Sure, if you like,” answered Tommy,
surprised.
  He ordered and paid for another round.
There was something peculiar here that
he didn’t understand. Just then there
was the sound of another motorcycle
outside.
  “The officer of the day!” exclaimed the
tough man with the arm band, rushing
out. Tommy heard his voice raised
placatingly.
  “Yes, sir,” it said. “I just went in to
see if there was anybody inside, but there
was no one there.”
  “All right, get on with the patrol,” said
another voice.
  The two motorcycles roared away.
Tommy was bewildered. He left the
cafe and walked back to the barrack.
Perhaps he could find out there what it all
meant. Although he bore lieutenant’s
bars on his shoulders, he was as innocent
of the Army and its ways as a baby.
 AT THE open ended barrack he
found the flying lieutenants gath-
-*• ered around the stove. Among
them was Long John, and he singled him
out and told him his queer story. To
Tommy’s surprise he burst into raucous
laughter.
  “Hey,Fat! Hey, guys! Listen to this,
will ya! This bird goes up the road to
the cafe that’s out of bounds, and when
the M.P. comes in he asks him to have a
drink.”
 Chorus—
  “Yeah?”
  “Yeah. And then he wonders why the
M.P. don’t buy him one.”
 “No!”
  “Fact, and then the M.P. tells him to
buy another one, and he does!”
 “Yeah?”
  “And then the officer of the day drives
up, and the M.P. tells him there’s no-
body in there, and they ride off, and now
this bird wants to know what it’s all
about!”
  A howl of glee went up, and from that
moment Tommy became a marked man
at Issy-la-Boue, as he had a habit of doing
everywhere he went.
  A bugle blew at this juncture and all the
flying officers rushed to their bunks and
seized peculiar looking instruments with
which they went outside. Still wonder-
ing, Tommy followed them.
IT WAS dark by that time, but he
could see them trouping into a
brightly lighted building, and he fol-
lowed. There they had formed in line,
and were approaching a counter behind
which stood cropheaded fat men who
were ladling out what Tommy’s nose
told him was food.
  As they were served the flyers hurried
away to seat themselves on long benches
at bare wooden tables and wolf their meal.
Tommy accosted the large man whom
Long John had addressed as Fat, whose
bulk had evidently cut down his speed
so that he was near to the end of the line.
  “Say,” he asked, “where do I get some
of those things they eat out of?”
  “What, ain’t you got no messkit?”
queried Fat. “You’ll have to draw one
in the morning. For tonight you’d better
borrow Long John’s. He’s always in the
head of the line when the doors open, and
he eats faster than any man in the outfit.
But where have you been in the Army not
to have a messkit?”
  “We always ate in the canteen at the
IN LINE OF DUTY
109
French flying school until the Y. M. C. A.
came along and closed it up because they
served wine there,” answered Tommy.
“They made a speech about the evils of
drink and were going to serve chocolate
instead, but the chocolate never came.
After that we generally ate at the
Greasy Spoon across the road, because
they didn’t serve anything but boiled
beef and boiled potatoes at the mess
hall, but even there they furnished
dishes.”
  “Well, you’ll get no dishes furnished
here,” said Fat. “But look, there goes
Long John already. Follow him out to
the tubs, and get his messkit when he gets
through washing it.”
  Tommy trailed the tall man out into
the cold, dark night, where several dim
forms could be seen and heard slopping
around near two large tubs on the ground.
As John rose from his task and shook his
tools in lieu of wiping them, Tommy
accosted him and borrowed the messkit.
Then he rushed back into the mess hall
just in time to get the last of the slum.
He eyed the German K. P.’s with some
misgiving.
  It occurred to him that it would be a
fine opportunity for some patriotic Boche
to wash out the American Air Service by
a judicious application of ground glass or
rough-on-rats, but he ate the slum, which
was fairly good, though Teutonically
greasy.
  Then he went outside to the tubs,
where the late eaters were still trying to
wash their utensils. By this time the
water was stone cold, and full of frag-
ments of food. Cries for more hot Wasser
rent the air, but the German K. P.’s only
stood in their warm kitchen and laughed,
and made guttural and doubtless insult-
ing remarks in reply. After the iron
discipline of their own army, they were
tickled pink at the opportunity to insult
any kind of officer, even an American
aviator, who was the lowest of the low.
Tommy wiped most of the grease out of
his dish with his handkerchief and then
returned the mess kit to Long John at the
barrack with an apology.
THE TALL MAN and Fat were
about to start for the operations
room to find out the schedule for
the next day, and invited Tommy to
come along. On the bulletin board he
found that he had been assigned to Sec-
tion 13. Various other changes in sect ions
were posted, butnthe last one took his eye.
It read:
1st. Lieut. John Smith, A. S. S. O. R. C.
Transferred from Section 3 to Death in Line of Duty,
by order of
—HERMAN' KRAUSE, MAJOR, SIGNAL CORPS.
  “What’s the idea ordering some guy to
‘Death in Line of Duty’?” he asked Long
John.
  “Huh? Oh, they always do that when
some bird gets bumped,” answered the
tall man. “You’re in Section 13, same
as me. We go to rotary motors in the
morning, and then machine gun.”
  “What do you mean, rotary motors?”
inquired Tommy.
  “Oh, they’ve got one of these Le
Rhone motors like they have in the
Nieuports mounted on a block over at
the hangars, and some goof gives a lecture
about it, and then we practise twiddling
the little levers—‘manettes’, they call
’em—that make it go. We’ve had it four
or five times already. They always give
it to us when they can’t think of any-
thing else for us to do.”
  “But I’ve flown hundreds of miles with
rotary motors,” Tommy exclaimed. “I
made all my voyages and my altitude test
for my brevet with them.”
  “Never mind that,” returned Long
John. “You’ll probably have all the more
lectures about ’em on that account.”
They returned to the barrack, and
Tommy started to unpack his things.
From his bed roll he produced a pair of
rubber boots, made in such a close imita-
tion of regulation officers’ boots that it
took a close inspection to see that they
weren’t the real article.
“What a trick for roll call mornings,”
exclaimed Fat, looking at them enviously.
“You know we have roll call at six
o’clock, and then we have to wait until
110
H. P. S. GREENE
seven for breakfast. Most of the fellows
just put on boots and overcoats to stand
the call, and then come back to bed
again. You can pull those things on in a
minute and get by with them.”
  “A good idea,” proclaimed Tommy,
and went to bed with that idea in mind.
He was going to dig out his heavy under-
wear that night, but decided that it was
too cold, and that he would do it in the
morning.
MEANWHILE there was another
conference going on at head-
quarters. Major Krause, the
commanding officer of the field, a red
faced, apoplectic man, whose military
heroes were Frederick the Great and
Baron von Steuben, was roaring at the ad-
jutant, his “yes man”.
  “Here they are,” he bellowed, “sending
us another squadron of mechanics, when
we haven’t got half enough room or work
for the ones we have now. I don’t know
what we’ll do with them. We’ll have to t ry
to pry another of those folding barracks out
of the French. And they have no officers,
and neither have we, though there’s a
whole camp full of young fools with com-
missions around .here. But we’ll have to
pick out one of them to command the
squadron, just to sign the reports that go
in. Have you anybody to suggest?”
“Well,” said the adjutant, “here’s a
man got in today named Lang, whose
commission dates back to September,
earlier than most of the others, but I don’t
know anything about him.”
  “I know too much about most of the
others,” said Major Krause. “Give him
a trial. Perhaps he may know something
about his military duties. By the way,
did you tell the commanding officer of
those officers in the unfinished barrack
that if they wanted it finished they could
do it themselves?”
  “Yes, sir, and they said they hadn’t
got cards to the Flying Carpenters’Union,
and they didn’t give a damn whether it
was finished or not. They kicked a lot
about having to go out and pick up stones
off the flying field in full uniform, too,
because the German prisoners stood
around and laughed at them.”
  “They did, did they?” roared Major
Krause. “What they need is discipline,
and I’m going to give it to them! Tell
Captain Yuma to give them an hour’s
close order drill every morning after roll
call.”
  “Yes, sir,” said the adjutant with
satisfaction.
NEXT MORNING Tommy woke
with a start. He was cold and
cramped from the night on the
narrow bunk with insufficient blankets,
and for a moment he thought that he was
back in the ambulance sleeping on a
stretcher. Then he saw the other flyers
rushing out of the barrack and realized
where he was. He rolled quickly out of
his bunk, dragged on the rubber boots,
shuffled into his trench coat, which barely
covered his bare knees, grabbed his hat
and ran out after them, only to slip and
come turn bling o ut of the barrack head first,
amid hoarse guffaws from the other suf-
ferers lined up outside. It had snowed a
couple of inches during the night, and the
sharp flakes bit into his tender knees. He
scrambled to his feet and lined up with
the rest.
  The short, fat captain to whom he had
reported the day before called the roll
in his squeaky voice, and then at the top
of his lungs cried—
  “Squads right!”
  A horrified look ran up and down the
scantily clad ranks, but the “March!”
followed grimly and inevitably. The
captain, who had been a real estate broker
two short months before, had forgotten to
have them call off, and they broke into a
milling mob.
  “As you were!” he howled.
  The ranks formed again, after a con-
siderable delay, during which several
men tried to sneak around the corner of
the barrack, and the captain finally got
them marched away. To Tommy, as
well as to the late realtor, and most of the
rest, it was a doleful hike. With every
step, the man in front scuffed snow and
IN LINE OF DUTY
111
equally cold mud up against his bare, raw
knees, and soon his boots were full.
   In other parts of the great field where
 they marched there were other proces-
 sions of unfortunates, one of flying cadets,
 one of cadets, and also several companies
 of mechanics. They, however, had the
 advantage of expecting the march, and
 were fully dressed. Most of the flying
 lieutenants were not. But at last it came
 to an end, and in the doubtful shelter of
 the barrack once more Tommy wiped the
 mud from his cold wet knees with a towel.
   “Where can I take a bath?” he asked
Long John.
   John cackled with raucous glee.
“Bath?” he snorted. “Hey, guys,
here’s an hombre wants to know where he
can take a bath.”
   “Bath?” said Fat. “Why, Paris is the
last place I had a bath, and I don’t expect
to have another one till I die and go back
there. You’ll get no baths here. There’s
a bath-house in town, but you can’t go
there, for the post’s been quarantined ever
since it was started. The M.P.’s know
that anybody that goes A. W. O. L. will
want a bath, so they keep a special guard
ov er the bath-house to pick you up, just
like at the barrooms.”
   They dressed, went*to the mess hall for
 beans, washed their mess kits, and then
 formed in sections to march to classes.
 First Section 13 spent an hour standing
 around in the blast from the propeller of a
 rotary motor, and then went to an un-
 heated barrack to handle the icy parts
 of a Lewis machine gun. After which
 they were allowed to escape to the Red
 Cross hut and buy some hot coffee. Hard-
 ly had they reached this haven when an
 orderly entered.
  “Lieutenant Lang,” he bawled. “Is
Lieutenant Lang here?”
   Tommy took an envelope addressed to
him, signed for it and opened it with ap-
prehension. This was well justified, for
the letter told him to assume command of
fethe 946th Aero Squadron upon its arrival
at the field. He showed it to Fat and Long
John, who once more burst into laughter.
“Can you imagine the lucky little
stiff?” John inquired of the world in
general. “Here’s a guy knows so little
about the Army that he doesn’t even
know an M.P. when he sees one, and
here he gets command of a squadron.
You’ll get out of reveille and standing
morning formation on that, and have an
orderly to shine your boots for you. You
can have them build off a separate room
for you in their barrack with a stove in
it. Pretty soft for a squadron com-
mander, I’ll say.”
 “But what will I command them to
do?” Tommy asked anxiously.
 “Let Old Krause and the adjutant
worry about that,” returned John.
“They’ll find plenty of commands for
you. But turn everything over to your
top sergeant and make him do it. Tell
him, ‘Look here, Sergeant, if you won’t
bother me, I won’t bother you.’ Then
all you have to do is look wise and sign
the papers that the sergeant-major or
staff sergeant bring you, and keep out of
Krause’s way.”
WHEN the squadron arrived Tom-
my followed John’s half joking
advice and found that it suc-
ceeded admirably. The men partitioned
off one end of the barrack after they got
it up, and there made an office for the
sergeant-major and one for Tommy, in
which he set up a G. M. cot. Of course,
this office had to have a stove, and so it
served splendidly for quiet games of stud
which continued long after lights were out
in the quarters of the flying lieutenants
less fortunate than Tommy and his
cronies. And he got along well in his
command by keeping out of sight, and
signing unquestioningly the morning re-
ports, rosters, ration reports and what-
nots his sergeants brought him.
  But one morning the sergeant-major
approached him with a troubled face.
  “I don’t know what to do about this,
Lieutenant,” he said, holding out a letter.
“I sent it to the adjutant three times and
he always sends it back marked ‘Incor-
rect.’ You see, they have held up Cor-
poral Letar’s pay on account of a tailors’
112
H. P. S. GREENE
bill against him for twenty-five cents for
repairing his breeches at Shenannigan
Field, Texas. Now here is his service
record, and it shows a deduction of a
quarter made there in July for fixing his
breeches, and he says that’s the only time
he ever had it done, but they’ve been
holding up his pay for three months.”
“Holding up his pay, have they?” said
Tommy angrily. “Sent the letter back
three times? We’ll see about that. I’ll
take it up to the adjutant myself.”
  He entered the adjutant’s office and
spoke loudly:
  “Say, what’s all this, about Corporal
Letar’s pants? Here’s the letter all
O. K.—just as his service record shows.
‘Twenty-five cents was deducted from
Corporal Letar’s pay in July at Shenan-
nigan Field, Texas, for repairing his
pants.’ ”
  “Ah, that’s what’s wrong,” replied the
adjutant smoothly. “Where’s your gram-
mar? Haven’t you ever been to school?
What you should say is: ‘Twenty-five
cents were deducted from Corporal Letar’s
pay at Shenannigan Field, Texas—’ ”
“What’s this?” burst an angry roar
from an inner office, as Major Krause
rushed out. “What’s all this about pants?
Who’s this talking about pants? Don’t
you know there’s no such thing in the
United States Army as pants? Who are
you, young man?”
  Tommy stood speechless at the out-
burst. Why, oh why, hadn’t he kept on
following Long John’s advice about keep-
ing out of sight?
  “This is Lieutenant Lang, sir,” said
the adjutant silkily, “the commanding
officer of the 946th Aero Squadron on this
Post. We were discussing a very serious
error in one of his reports.”
  “Oh, it is, is it?” said Major Krause
angrily. “I was going to send for you. I
issued orders that all commanding officers
of organizations on this post should per-
sonally give their units an hour’s close
order drill every morning. Yesterday
morning I saw a sergeant drilling your
squadron. Where were you, sir? Why
weren’t you drilling them yourself?”
  “Why,” blurted Tommy, “I don’t know
how to drill ’em. I never drilled anybody
in my life!”
  “What? You, a commissioned officer
in the United States Army, stand there
and admit that you are not capable of
drilling the men under your command?
Well, sir, you are hereby relieved from
that command. Remove yourself and
your belongings from the 946th Squadron’s
barrack at once, to make room for your
successor. And, young man, remember
this: Never give ‘You don’t know how’
as an excuse in the United States Army.
If you don’t knoto how, learn how! If you
get an order, do it, and if you can’t do it,
do as near it as you can. That will do.
You may go.”
TOMMY dragged himself away dis-
consolately, and had a couple of
men of his late command carry his
stuff back to the barrack with the open
end. It was colder than ever now, after the
warm quarters from which he had been
ousted. But on the other hand, perhaps
this was a blessing in disguise. He had
been flying lately, and had graduated
from the penguins whose wings were too
short to fly, and from the gawky twenty-
three meter Nieuports, and now he was on
the eighteens.
  He ought to be finished with them soon,
and then he would be due to move away
from the main field to Field 5 for the
smaller, faster fifteen meter machines.
Perhaps there would have been some
hitch about going if he’d been hooked up
with the squadron, but now he could leave
as soon as he was ready.
  And he was ready to go somewhere,
too. He’d now been quarantined at Issy-
la-Boue for over a month and hadn’t been
able to leave the post for a bath. If it
wasn’t the measles or the mumps it was
the chicken pox, or somebody had a sore
toe. There was a spreading line of red
blotches around his waist, and he knew
only too well what it was. The scabies!
And from his experience with the French
he knew there was only one cure—hot
sulphur baths with a scrubbing brush, and
IN LINE OF DUTY
113
plenty of them. They had them at the
bath-house in town, but he couldn’t get
away. HoweAer, perhaps something would
turn up; it always did, sooner or later.
  It did the next day. He finished flying
early, and returned to the barrack. As he
came in, the telephone rang and he an-
swered. An excited voiced called:
  “Hello, is this the Main Field? This is
Field 5. Tommy Lang just crashed here
in an eighteen.”
  “Hah?” said Tommy.
  “Yeah, deader’n a doornail, too. The
whole top of his head’s gone above the
eyes. An awful mess. The only
way we knew who it was was by his
mustache.”
  The spreader of bad news hung up,
leaving Tommy dazed. He pinched him-
self to make sure that he was alive. It
must be Phil who had crashed. He had a
mustache like Tommy’s own, but he was
about six feet tall, while Tommy was
nearer five. However, no doubt he had been
crumpled up like an accordion in the fall.
Then Tommy had another thought. He
seized the telephone receiver and called
the adjutant.
IATER that evening when the orderly
came to the operations office with
-* notices for the bulletin board Tom-
my was waiting for him. An hour later
found him luxuriating in a hot sulphur
bath in the town of Issy-la-Boue. He had
caught a ride on a French truck from the
field, and there had been no M.P.’s on
duty when he went in. When he came
out there were two near the door, but the
night was pitch dark, and they were
wrangling about something—a girl, ap-
parently—and he passed unnoticed. Then
he sought a hotel.
  The madame in charge was cordial and
voluble.
  But yes, she had plenty of room. That
sale guerrel There were hardly any com-
mercial travelers nowadays. And then
that salaud of a chief American gen-
darme who spent nothing himself, and
forbade her hotel to other brave Ameri-
cans who would! Indeed, he had closed
all the cafes and hotels in town to his
countrymen, and opened a cafe of
his own, importing two petites femmes
from Paris to run it for him. But
there was another American officer—a
man very distinguished—at her hotel who
appeared lonesome. Perhaps this worthy
monsieur would like to join him.
  She led Tommy to a small office of some
sort, wherein a man in American uniform
was sitting gloomily alone before a bottle
of wine. The little pilot recoiled at sight
of the gold leaves on his shoulders, but it
wasn’t Major Krause who sat there. On
this major’s blouse were the Legion of
Honor, the Medaille MUitaire, and the
Croix de Guerre with many palms, instead
of the jingling hardware Krause carried
to show that he was a marksman or
something; and this man’s face lit up with
a welcoming smile, instead of the con-
gested dignity habitual with the com-
manding officer of the flying field of Issy-
la-Boue. Tommy gasped as he realized
that he was in the presence of the great
ace himself!
  He sat down at the other’s invitation
and had a glass of wine. They joined in
lamenting the fact that they couldn't
hang all M.P.’s on the meat-hooks in
front of butcher shops as the poilus did
the gendarmes at Verdun, and agreed that
the French are a great people.
  “Look at me,” said the ace gloomily.
“When I took this commission I had no
idea that they were going to order me
away from the front, but now all the
others are killing more Boches and get-
ting ahead of me while I rot in this hole.
They sent me back here to help train you
fellows, but Major Krause wouldn’t pay
any attention to what I said, so I left.
I heard some guy who had never flown
over the front give you a lecture on how to
do it, and when he said that if you got lost
over Germany the way to find out where
you were was to fly down and read the
name on some railway station, I couldn’t
bear it any more. I don’t know what the
devil to do—I’m not doing any good
around here.”
  His gloom was justified. A few months
114
H. P. S. GREENE
later he was shot down in flames in a
machine condemned by the French.
  They heard the voice of the madame
raised in loud objurgations outside, but
there was a knock at the door, afad im-
mediately a man entered. He wore the
uniform of a first lieutenant, and on his
arm the brassard of an M.P. But his
truculence subsided into oiliness at the
sight of the major’s leaves.
  “Excuse me, Major,” he said, “but
orders are very strict, you know. Major
Krause is very particular that no flying
officer should leave the post under any
conditions. I beg your pardon, Lieuten-
ant, but have you got a pass?”
  “He’s with me,” said the ace shortly.
  “Oh,” said the M.P. uncertainly, and
went out. He wasn’t sure exactly what
the ace’s status was, but his rank was
plain enough, and the M.P. was afraid of
burning his fingers.
  “Wait till that guy catches me alone,”
said Tommy.
  “Stick around with me,” said the ace.
“Krause doesn’t quite know what to do
about me yet, for I’ve got a pull in Paris,
and he’s let me alone since I left the
field.”
FOR THREE DAYS Tommy did
stick, and lived the life of Riley,
sleeping in a good bed, eating good
meals, drinking good wine and taking
sulphur baths twice a day. At the end of
that time his scabies was gone.
  “I guess I’d better be getting back to
the field,” he told the ace. “I want to
get through there and get to the front.
I took an awful chance going A. W. O. L,
but maybe my little scheme will work on
Krause. If it doesn’t, and he takes me off
flying I’ll be sunk. Think I might as well
go out and let that M.P. pick me up and
give me a ride back to camp.”
  He shook hands with the ace, and
walked out and down the street alone.
  He hadn’t gone far when a Ford drew
up beside him and stopped. In the front
seat was the M.P. lieutenant, and behind
a hard-boiled sergeant with a .45.
  “Hey,” said the lieutenant in rough
tones, “let’s see your pass.”
  “I ain’t got a pass,” the little man re-
turned.
  “All right, then, you’re under arrest.
Get in here, and I’ll take you out to the
field.”
  Tommy obeyed meekly, and they rode
along without conversation. Presently
he was ushered into the presence of
Major Krause.
  “What?” growled the major. “In town
without a pass, eh? What have you got
to say for yourself, young man?”
  “Well,” Tommy replied, “the other
day you told me never to question an
order in the Army, and if I couldn’t obey
an order to come as near it as I could.”
“What rigamarole is this?” asked
Major Krause angrily. “Do you mean
to stand there and tell me I ordered you to
go A. W. O. L?”
  “Not exactly, sir,” answered Tommy
respectfully, “but you see this order
here. I couldn’t see my way clear to
carry it out, so I thought I’d better leave
here so as not to embarrass you.”
 Major Krause looked at the paper
Tommy extended and his eyes goggled.
His face became more congested than
ever, and wrinkles corrugated his brow.
What could he do? If he court-martialed
this young idiot this order would un-
doubtedly be his defense, and Krause’s
dignity, a carefully tended hothouse
plant of uncertain virility, could hardly
survive. So he waved his arms in a
furious gesture of dismissal and gurgled
like an active volcano, and Tommy
saluted and left discreetly.
  The paper he had given Krause read:
1st. Lieut. Thomas Lang, A. S. S. O. R. C.
Trausferred from Section 13 to Death in Line of Duty
by order,
—HERMAN KRAUSE, MAJOR, SIGNAL CORPS.
  Sailmaker
             By Bill Adams
OLD man Stitch-away, old man Sails,
With his long gray beard, he’s as hard as nails.
His teeth are yellow and his eyes are gray,
And he’s seaming and he’s roping all the livelong day.
Stitch away, stitch away, sew them strong
For the lofty spars where they belong.
Rope them tight and seam them true
So never a capful of wind blows through;
A big ship’s topsails, a big ship’s courses,
Royals and skysails, a big ship’s wings
To race her along through the wild white horses,
To lift her high where the comber swings.
Stitch them, Sails; aye, sew them tight
For the mad squall blowing in the maniac night;
Sew them to stand the beat of hail,
The lash of rain and the hurricane’s flail;
Sew them strong so they’ll never rip
When we’re bow to bow with a rival ship;
Bolt on bolt of canvas high to tower in a pyramid to the sky;
Bolt on bolt of canvas wide to cast swift shadows on the blue sea’s tide;
Bolt on bolt of canvas white to gleam in the glory of the tropic night.
And if there’s a little bit of sail left over,
Save it, Sails, for a fellow rover!
Old man Sails with his gray head bowed,
He’s sitting and he’s stitching at a dead man’s shroud.
115
 The Man Who
Hated Himself
By WALT
EVERY stockman in the north-
west recalls the hard winter of
’86-’87. It broke most of them.
One cattleman, spending his
winter in the South, wrote back to his
ranch to inquire how his stuff was winter-
ing. His line rider took a pencil and
drew the picture of a starving cow hung
up in the drifts. Under it he wrote:
  Waiting for a chinook. The last of the five
  thousand.
  The man who drew that picture was
Charlie Russell, the daddy of them all
when it came to putting the cow and the
horse and the Indian and the cowpuncher
on canvas or in clay. But in ’86 Charlie
was a cowpuncher.
  This is not a story about Charlie Rus-
sell. He is mentioned no more in the tale.
I speak of him here because when a cow-
man of Montana recalls the winter of ’86
he invariably mentions that picture of
Charlie Russell’s as an illustration for his
tale of hardship. It tells better than any
words the bitter curse of that hard winter.
  The Circle C outfit made their last
shipment of steers along about the first of
November that fall. It was spitting snow
when they finished loading. The cattle
train pulled out for Chicago. The boys
rode back to where the roundup wagon
was camped on Main Alkali. They
gulped down hot food and black coffee,
caught out their town horses and headed
for Malta.
  As they jogged along the road with their
ears tied up with silk handkerchiefs, heads
bent against the raw wind, big Buck Bell
rode up alongside the wagon boss.
  “Winter’s done come, Horace,” grunted
Buck, fashioning a cigaret with numbing
fingers.
  “Shore has,” returned Horace, humped
across his saddle horn.
  “Makes a man wonder what’s become
of his summer’s wages,” Buck led up to
his subject.
  Horace nodded a trifle absently. He
was wondering how he’d get his mess
wagon loaded and started for the ranch
before the cook got too drunk to handle
his four lines.
  “How’s chances fer a winter’s job
COBURN
ridin’ line, Horace?” Buck tried to keep
the eager tremor out of his voice.
  “We’re full handed fer the winter, Bell.
You should ’a’ tackled me a month ago.”
  “A month ago,” said Buck Bell with
grim humor, “I was fatter’n a bear in
berry season. Had a thousand dollars.
Had a idee I was a top hand at draw
poker. The nighthawk took me fer my
roll.”
  This story of tough luck was not a new
one to the ears of the wagon boss. It is
a tale as old as the oldest cow hand.
Horace, still thinking of the cook, missed
the flicker of disappointment in Buck Bell’s
snow bitten eyes. He failed to see the
beaten droop of the big boned shoulders
inadequately clothed in a soiled flannel
shirt and two undershirts. Buck didn’t
own an overcoat. His boots were rusty
and he kicked his toes against his stir-
rups as he rode, by way of restoring cir-
culation.
L'
OOKS like when a man begun gittin’
white beaded,” said Horace as
they dropped down the ridge to-
ward town, “he’d have sense enough to
save a winter stake.”
  He did not mean to be unkind. There
wasn’t aimean drop of blood in the cow
boss’s veins. He was sorry for Buck
Bell and hid his softer emotions under
the words he now mumbled into the up-
turned collar of a threadbare coat. Truth-
fully speaking, Horace himself was prodi-
117
        A powerful story of the Montana cattle
        trails and the Great Blii^ard of *86
118
WALT COBURN
gal as the rest of the cowpuncher clan.
  Buck took a last pull at the bit of stub
of cigaret and threw it away. Then he
chuckled softly. They were riding down
the lane that approached town. To the
left of them was the Malta graveyard, the
wooden slabs whitening with the first
snow.
  “What struck you as bein’ so comical,
Buck?”
  “Just thinkin’ how them boys planted
in yonder boothill don’t need worry no
more about winter jobs and coonskin
coats they ain’t got the coin to buy. I
kin name three-four that I bet is plenty
warm where they went.”
  They rode into town and put their
horses in the feed barn. The stalls were
filling with Circle C horses. There was an
unwritten law of the outfit that a man
must stable his horse before he got drunk.
  Over at Dick Powell’s place the boys
were paid off. Dick, saloon man and
sheriff, voiced his friendly warning.
  “The town’s your’n, boys, Take care
of ’er.”
  The hard earned money went into swift
circulation. The tin horn gamblers open-
ed up their games. Bartenders set up free
drinks at proper intervals to the laughing,
cussing, free harrded men who lined the
bar and swapped yarns and thawed out.
  Boot heels clicked on the pine board
floors. Spurs jingled along the streets.
  “Can’t spend’er all in one place.”
  They moved along to the next saloon.
Crumpled banknotes lay along the bar.
The men greeted old friends. Jov ial bar-
tenders, most of them old time cow-
punchers, wiped right hands on soiled
aprons and voiced profane welcome.
  Fiddles squeaked above the voices
loosened by the whisky. Tin pan pianos
banged. Lights defied the coming dusk
of early night. There would be no night
guard to stand tonight. No long circle to
ride in the early dawn. While their money
lasted these cowboys owned the town.
  Buck Bell found the nighthawk sitting
in a monte game.
  “Here’s that fifty dollars you still got
cornin’, Cotton Eye.”
  The nighthawk looked up, grinned and
shook his head.
  “To hell with you an’ your fifty, Buck.
Pay me half when you die. The rest
when you come back. I’m winnin’ off
this gamblin’ man.”
  Buck grunted an indistinct thanks and
clumped up to the bar.
  “A little red licker, Dick. Give the
boys what they want. Wake up that
sheepherder in the comer and tell the
gentleman that ol’ Buck Bell is in town.
I’m a red eyed wolf from Bitter Crick and
it’s my night to howl.” Whereupon he
howled long and loud with a quivering,
high keyed sadness in his voice.
EE YOU later,” Buck said as he
moved on out and along the
street.
  The wind moaned darkly down the
lonesome lane between the rows of saloons
and stores. He stood with bowed legs
spread wide, thumbs hung in his sagging
cartridge belt, leaning a little against the
storm. His howl was blotted out in a
flurry of snow that was ushering in the
long winter. Buck felt sad in spite of the
dozen drinks under his belt. Sad and
lonesome and restless. He belonged down
in Texas and he was a long way from
home. He had aimed to go back home
this winter, wearing store clothes and
with coin in his pockets. But Cotton Eye
had cleaned him. He crossed over to
Long Henry’s and was promptly pulled
up to the bar by several celebrants. Buck
tossed out a ten dollar bill with the air
of a man who scorns money. Somebody
was singing “Sam Bass”.
  “Sam Bass” is a ballad that extolls the
deeds of that notorious Texas outlaw.
The old time outlaw has always held a
place in the hearts of the cowpunchers.
His vices are buried, his virtues, real or
imaginary, live on in cowland saga.
   “Sam first came to Texas a cowboy for to be—
   A kinder hearted feller you seldom ever see!”
  Buck Bell twirled his whisky glass
between thumb and forefinger. The
singer had a good voice and his' audience
THE MAN WHO HATED HIMSELF
119
was mellow and prone to the sentiment
that has to do with white haired mothers,
golden haired sweethearts and gene-
rosity of dying outlaws.
“Sam met Lis fate at Round Rock, July the
   twenty-first;
  They pierced poor Sam with rifle balls and
   emptied out his purse.
  “Jim had borrowed Sam’s good gold and didn't
   want to pay,
   So the only shot he saw, was to give poor Sam
   away.
    He sold out Sam . .
   Buck Bell nodded at his dim reflection
in the mirror above the back bar.
   “I usta work dost to Round Rock,” he
told the man next to him.
   He downed his drink at one gulp and
reachcd for the bar bottle as it came down
along the line. He became more quiet,
more thoughtful, as the night wore on.
That haunted restlessness drove him out
to the deserted street. He drifted, alone
and wrapped in brooding thought, into
Cavanaugh’s.
   The negro piano player knew the song
of Sam Bass. He sang it through three
times for Buck. Buck gave him ten dol-
lars. Only ten more remained in his over-
alls pocket.	•
iy more drinks Buck Bell
for a place across the
His last ten was spent.
His heart was as empty as his pockets.
The mournful shriek of a locomotive
made him shiver as he halted in the lee
of the station to light a cigaret. The
train dispatcher stepped out of the
lighted telegraph office, an eyeshade
across his forehead, train orders in his
hand. He did not see the tall form of
Buck Bell leaning a little unsteadily in
the darkness just to one side of the loco-
motive headlight.
   No. 3 squealed to a halt to deposit two
sleepy traveling drummers. The door of
the express car opened. The armed mes-
senger dropped a heavy iron box on the
waiting truck alongside the car. The
train dispatcher was now signing for the
box. The drummers hurried for the
Malta House.
  “Payroll for the mines,” the express
messenger, explained. “Wish 1 had that
much. I’d quit riding these damn’ night
runs. Blizzard cornin’.”
  The door of the express car slid shut.
A yellow lantern circled in the night. The
train pulled out slowly and the dispatcher
wheeled away the truck with its steel box.
  The wheels of the truck creaked its dis-
mal passage. The form of Buck Bell
moved in a blackness made more opaque
by the departure of the train lights. The
man was pushing the truck within arm’s
reach of the tall cowboy.
  Buck lifted his gun from its old scab-
bard. He balanced its weight in his hand,
moved out of his tracks. Swung the long
barrel in a swift arc. The man wheeling
the truck slumped down gently, an indis-
tinct lump on the deserted platform.
  Buck Bell moved swiftly now. He
picked the steel box up in his arms and
ran down the tracks. He did not halt
until he reached the stockyards, a mile or
more from town. He hid the box under
the loading chute, then started back.
  The walk in the cold air had driven the
whisky fog from his brain. Buck was
sober now. The sadness, the brooding
restlessness, had gone and in its place
came swift regrets. He fought down those
regrets as best he could. He’d been a fool
to do it, but he was into it now. He’d
hang and rattle. Play ’er out as the cards
fell and ask no man for better than even
odds. He wondered how hard he’d hit
that depot feller. Can’t let a man lay out
in the cold that way. Besides, there was
the trains to attend to.
  But, as he circled the depot, he saw the
sheriff' and the train dispatcher talking
earnestly inside the lighted telegraph and
ticket office. Buck moved away, across to
Dick Powell's place. Nobody took notice
of his entrance as he slipped in the back
door and dropped into a chair by the
stove. Then somebody called the house
up for a drink and Buck joined the crowd.
He had not been missed.
  “How’s things stackin’ up, Buck?” It
K
FTER me
  started
  tracks.
120
WALT COBURN
was old Horace who voiced the question.
“Need a little money? I was talkin’ to
the Old Gent and he said to let you have
what you need. You kin come back and
work it out in the spring. It ain’t every
man I’d do that fer. But like I was tellin’
the Old Gent, you’re on the square and
kin be depended on.”
  Buck’s mouth opened, then closed
without saying a word. He had been on
the verge of telling the wagon boss the
whole thing. Until now, Buck Bell had
accepted the trust of his fellowmen as a
matter of course. Now, well, now it was
all over. He was beginning to pay already
for his crime.'
  “I’ll just make ’er out fer a hundred dol-
lars, Buck.”
  Horace was misinterpreting the cow-
boy’s silence. Buck shook his head.
  “I’d ruther not, Horace. I’ll make _’er
somehow. It’s right white of you and the
Old Gent. I won’t fergit it.”
THE SHERIFF came in, an icy gust
of wind and snow following him in-
side the lamplit, smoke hazed saloon.
Dick Powell was a blunt statured man,
husky, reddish of hair, with keen gray
eyes and a drooping mustache. A good
natured sort of fellow who was rated as
a crackerjack cow hand. The grin on
Dick’s mouth held a grim twist as his eyes
swept the crowd with slow deliberation.
  “Belly up to the mahogany, Dick,”
invited some one.
  Dick Powell did not seem to hear. A
hush fell over the gathering. The fiddle
in the hands of a Cree breed squeaked
thinly and we»t silent. The bartender,
from force of habit, reached for the sawed
off shotgun under the bar.
  “Boys,” said the blocky sheriff, his
voice heavy with sadness, rather than
anger, “there’s a damn’ skunk amongst us
tonight. When you boys rode in, I give
you the run of the town. A man hates to
think he has to watch boys that he’s
worked with in the wet and cold and hot
weather. I never thought a Circle C man
would coyote on me.”
  “What the hell you drivin’ at, Dick?”
asked Horace, his mild eyes glinting a
little.
  “Some polecat knocked the depot man
on the head and got off with five thousand
dollars, that’s all.”
  “Where did that key pounder ever git
five thousand bucks?” asked some one.
  “Payroll fer the Landusky mine. Five
thousand in cash.”
  “Well,” drawled Cotton Eye, the night-
hawk, “I reckon them mine folks will keep
on runnin’ things just the same. Have a
drink and fergit it.”
  “Whoever lifted that roll won’t have to
worry none about forkin’ hay and openin’
water holes this winter,” chuckled another
cowboy.
  “Dad burn the luck,” complained a
third, “why didn’t I think about glaumin’
that payroll? Now I gotta break out of a
early mornin’ from now till spring, shovel-
in’ hay into a lot o’ bawlin’ dogies. Some
gents gits all the luck.”
  But for all their banter, they felt
uneasy. Who among them had stolen
that five thousand dollars ? Oddly enough,
no man blamed the thief. They rather
admired his ingenuity. He had made a
lucky haul.
  “Well, Dick,” said Horace slowly,
“whoever done it, must ’a’ been blind
drunk. You know every man in the
outfit. There ain’t one rotten egg in the
bunch. Say, how do you know it wa’n’t
some tramp er some stray miner that done
it?”
  “The depot man heard his spurs jingle,
so he says,” growled the sheriff, “just
before he got beefed. It was some cow
hand. And outside of you boys there
ain’t a cowboy in town. He heard them
spurs.”
  “Got ary idee who might ’a’ done it?”
asked Horace.
  “If I have, I’ll keep it to myself,” came
the tart reply. “I look to you boys to
lend me a hand and all I git is some
horrawin’.”
  “No need to git hot about it,” grinned
the wagon boss, toying with his drink.
  The sheriff ignored that remark and
turned to his bartender.
THE MAN WHO HATED HIMSELF
121
  “Was all of these men in the place at
midnight when No. 3 come in?”
  The bartender smoothed his bald head
in grave thought. He had taken a goodly
amount of drinks since the boys got in.
Owl eyed, he tallied the crowd.
  “Near as I kin recollect, Dick, not a
man o’ them has left since I come back
from supper-«.t eleven.”
  “Then that alibis this bunch of cow
dodgers,” and the sheriff moved on out
and down the street.
THE ROBBERY gave the cow-
punchers a meaty topic for talk—
talk and more drinks. They hit
upon the idea of following Dick Powell
in his sleuthing.
  From one saloon to the next they wad-
dled in the wake of the annoyed sheriff.
The crowd had taken on numbers until by
the time they reached the Bloody Heart
the entire outfit was crowded into the
saloon.
  Various bartenders had furnished iron-
clad alibis for every Circle C man. Powell
gave up in disgust and slipped away from
the throng, which was growing somewhat
boisterous. Horace followed the sheriff
out the back door. Twenty-five cow-
punchers set about .to make the most of
the momentous occasion.
' Months of hard work in the saddle and
branding corrals without a holiday, long
days from the crack of dawn until dark,
with two hours night guard for good
measure, had starved them for a little fun.
These men belonged to a breed that has
no equal. For forty dollars a month and
grub they ride mean horses, face death
and hunger and thirst and cold and bitter
discomforts. They ask no favors, whine
out no complaint, taking the good along
with the bad. It is all in a day’s work.
Most of them were cowmen at twelve
years of age. At sixty there would be
much of the boy left in their big hearts.
It is not for those who have not known
their breed to censure their faults. They
lived according to their lights.
  John Law and his rules meant little in
their lives. They had a way of settling
personal affairs, those men who roamed
the West in the Eighties when the country
needed them.
  So they held kangaroo court. The bar-
tender at the Bloody Heart was found
guilty and fined several rounds of drinks.
Then they moved on to the next saloon
and again held court. Another dispenser
of redeye was found guilty. Guilty as
hell, by ballot. The fine was duly paid in
liquid form. And at daybreak they had
routed the sheriff from his warm bed,
stood him up on the bar, clad in a knee
length nightshirt, boots, hat and a cold
cigaret. Ballots were passed, signed and
dropped in Dick’s hat. He read them,
one by one.
  “Guilty as hell.”
  “Gash damn’ you bonehead, misfit,
loco idiots!”
  But he paid the fine, setting out the
glasses and bottle with his own hand.
  It was a large night. Guns popped
jubilant greeting to a day that held no
hard ride after stray cattle.
  Most of them were flat broke. Cotton
Eye, the bloated financier, had lost his
money and hocked his spurs for a bottle
to take along. Then he engaged the bar-
tender in conversation while a confederate
stole back the spurs.
  Horace gathered his men one, by one,
mounted them, and started them out of
town. They bucked their horses down
the street, emptying their guns at a leaden
sky. Behind them was their night’s plea-
sure. Ahead lay the dread winter.
BUCK BELL got his private horse
from the barn. Because he owned
no overcoat, he donned his slicker
and wrapped his feet in strips of gunny-
sack. Alone, his hat pulled down across
his eyes, his ungloved hands shoved down
against the saddle cantle, he rode out of
town.
  As he neared the stockyards he glanced
about. No living thing moved in the
snow swept world that met his eye. He
swung off his horse and dragged the steel
box from under the loading chute. A
heavy padlock fastened it. Buck drew
122
WALT COBURN
his .45 and shot off the lock. His stiff
fingers pried up the lid. There lay the
banknotes in piles bound with wide rub-
ber bands. He shoved the money into
the deep pockets of his angora chaps.
Then he buried the empty metal box in
the debris under the chute.
  Five minutes later he rode on again
into the storm. He looked old and sadly
troubled. The bitter cold was pinching
the color from his face. He was a little
sick from the liquor that he had drunk.
Sick and lonesome.
  Through the lane and past the grave-
yard, on to the wind swept benchland,
headed south toward the badlands of the
Missouri River, almost a hundred miles
away. With the wind at his back, Buck
Bell drifted. His heart was as heavy as
the leaden sky. Ahead of him rolled a
giant tumbleweed. On and on, across the
bench, grotesque, almost alive, blown
along by the north wind. Headed south.
  In the pockets of his black chaps was
stowed more money than he had ever
seen or even dreamed of. There was not a
chance of the theft being fastened to him.
It had been easy, almost too easy to seem
true. With five thousand dollars a man
could buy a good bunch of cattle down in
New Mexico or Arizona. Buck was cow-
man enough to make a herd pay. It
would mean that he no longer need work
for wages. For forty a month . . . Forty
into five thousand. Buck was a good
hand at figures. One hundred and twenty-
five months. Ten years and more, even if
a man didn’t spend a dime for poker or
redeye or smokin’—or clothes. Socks and
such. He had sold his bed for twenty
dollars. That twenty was in his vest
pocket now. He had kept it separated
from the other money—the money he had
stolen.
“Sam Bass was born in Indiana; it was his na-
  tive home . . .”
  The song, high pitched, quavering,
drifted along the wind from behind Buck,
blurred a little in the flurry of hard snow
that swirled across the ground like white
sand. Buck halted as the singer came up
out of the storm. It was Dick Powell, the
sheriff.
SOMETHING hot scalded Buck
Bell’s heart as the rider came
alongside. Had the sheriff some-
how found him out? Buck almost hoped
so. But Powell grinned as easy greeting.
He was warmly clad in chaps, overshoes
and a buffalo coat. The stock of a car-
bine jutted from his saddle scabbard.
  “You look fer all the world like a bull
that’s been whipped outa the herd, Bell.
Here, see what this’ll do to you.”
  He passed over a quart of whisky. They
drank together and rode on with the
storm.
  “Trailin’ that gent that done the rob-
bery, Dick?”
  The sheriff grunted into his fur collar.
“Trailin’ hell! Whoever done it didn’t
leave a sign. But mark my words, Bell,
he’ll give hisself away.”
 “How?”
  Buck Bell slapped his cold hands
against the slicker to beat the blood into
circulation.
  “Here, take these.” The sheriff pulled
a pair of yarn mitts from his pocket. “I
brung along an extra pair. The missus
knit ’em.”
  Buck pulled on the red mittens, mum-
bling his gratitude.
  “How?” The sheriff replied to his
question. “Well, it’s thisaway, Bell. I
know every man that was in town that
night. I know where each man will be
workin’ this winter. Horace gimme their
names and what camps they’d be at. I
wired fer the serial number of them sto-
len banknotes. When that money begins
goin’ into circulation, I’ll nab my man.
Er if ary man quits this range, I’ll be
follerin’ him. I’ll have the other towns
posted. He’s corralled.”
  The sheriff consulted a little book.
“Here’s the list. Stuart and Contway
at Big Warm. Howe and Smith at Little
Warm. You and Cotton Eye at Rocky
Point, down on the Missouri. And so on.”
He shoved the book back into his poc-
ket. Buck’s head was lowered as he
THE MAN WHO HATED HIMSELF
123
fumbled with clumsy hands at a witch’s
knot in his horse’s mane. His brain was
working swiftly. Why had Horace lied?
Why had the wagon boss told the sheriff
that he, Buck Bell, was going into a line
camp at Rocky Point?
  “I wouldn’t be tellin’ this to everybody,
understand,” continued the sheriff. “I
know I kin trust you, Bell.”
  If the sheriff had taken a sharp knife
and struck the cowpuncher in the back he
could not have hurt Buck Bell more than
he did when he spoke those words.
  They rode on in silence. Buck was
chilled to the bone by the wind; it bit
through his inadequate clothing. Dick
urged the bottle on him to warm his blood.
   “I got some stuff that’ll be driftin’ with
the storms this winter, Bell. I spoke to
the Old Gent about it. He said it’d be all
right if you boys kinda kept an eye on ’em
and feed a few if need be.”
  “Shore,” mumbledBuck. “Shore thing.”
Their trails parted a little farther on.
The sheriff made Buck take his overshoes
and the bottle.
  “I’ll be back home in a couple o’ hours.
Don’t be a damn’ fool, Bell. So long.
Good luck, old-timer. See you next
spring when the chinook melts you outa
the bad lands.”
  When they had parted Buck rode on,
the ache in his heart more bitter than
before. The words of the sheriff’s song
came drifting back out of the storm—the
song of Sam Bass.
   “ . . . Sam he is a corpse and six foot under
   clay.”
  Buck stayed that night at a line camp,
and pushed on the next morning. He
kept wondering why Horace had lied. It
hung like a sand burr in his thoughts all
that day. He stopped late the next after-
noon at a horse camp; and because they
were short handed, Buck worked there a
week. Then he drifted on once more,
refusing a cent for his labors. It was the
ethics of the grub line that forbade his
accepting payment. They had given him
and his horse food and shelter. He asked
no more, though the work had been hard
and he had eaten but two meals each day.
Breakfast before they rode away; supper
when they came in after dark. He had
made the biscuits, helped with the dishes,
and split wood, to boot. And he had
given them what was left of the whisky.
BECAUSE Rocky Point lay along his
route to somewhere south, he rode
up there one evening at dusk.
  A saddled horse was humped in the lee
of the shed. Hollow eyed cattle bawled
in the corral. No smoke came from the
little log cabin. Filled with grave mis-
givings, Buck Bell stepped into the cabin.
The moan of a man in pain came out of its
dark interior. He found Cotton Eye
lying fully clothed in bed, his leg broken
between the ankle and knee. He had
been like that since the day before, he
told Buck through set teeth.
  “Horse fell on me, cornin’ up the river.”
Buck built the fire and made the crip-
pled man as comfortable as possible. Then
he took care of the horses and scattered
hay for the gaunt cattle. When he came
back to the cabin, he hid his fears under a
careless banter.
  “I’ll throw some soup into you, Cotton
Eye. And coffee. Now roll over on your
back and cuss me while I git this boot
cut off. I’ll be as gentle as a cow with
her first calf, pardner.”
  Those men of the frontier were steady
of hand and ingenious of brain. Broken
bones and gunshot wounds were not un-
common. A man needed to know the
rudiments of crude surgery in those days
when doctors were few and far between.
  There was no sleep for either man that
night. Buck fashioned a sling to hold the
suffering man while he pulled the frac-
tured bone into place. The erstwhile
nighthawk groaned. Buck swore softly
as he labored. He splinted the leg with
stout willow sticks and strips of tanned
rawhide saddle strings. Beads of sweat
covered the drawn face of Cotton Eye. He
lay back, whimpering a little through
clenched teeth, sick and faint, but game
enough. Buck held a cup of black coffee
to his mouth.
124
WALT COBURN
  “She’s all over but the knittin’, pard.
Here’s a cigaroot. She’ll hurt like hell fer a
spell, but it’s a clean break and orter heal
fast. I’ll run the show till you git well.”
“I’d ’a’ died if you hadn’t come along,
Buck.”
 “Mebbe.”
  Buck built up the fire. His chaps with
their precious store of money hung on a
wooden peg with his bridle. Now and
then he glanced that way, his lips smiling
without humor.
  “You saved my life, Buck. I ain’t
fergittin’.”
  “You better try to sleep, feller,” grunted
Buck.
  Cotton Eye lay there, a little flushed
with fever, his eyes brighter than they
should have been.
  “I wonder, Buck, if you’d be doin’ this
fer me if you knowed.”
  “Knowed what, Cotton Eye?”
  “That money I won off you. That deck
was marked.”
  “Shore thing,” nodded Buck Bell, “I
knowed that. But a man’s gotta have
some kinda excitement around a cow
camp, even if it’s playin’ poker with a
marked deck. I was ketchin’ on to the
markin’s about the time I went broke.”
Cotton Eye was delirious by morning.
Buck was forced to tie the man down
while he fed and watered the cattle.
Because there was only one bed, Buck had
made out with the saddle blankets and
the sick man’s overcoat.
DURING the days that followed
Buck Bell did the work of five
men. He chopped wood, cooked,
and nursed Cotton Eye, whose fever went
down slowly. He rode out each day,
gathering poor cows that were too weak
to rustle. He hooked up the work team
and hauled hay, scattering it in a wide
circle outside the corral. He opened the
water hole twice a day. He puttered
about the cabin, fixing it for the long win-
ter, and forced a cheerfulness into the chat-
ter that he flung at Cotton Eye. When he
finally crawled into his improvised bed,
fully clothed save for hat and boots, he
was too weary to mind the cold much.
  He killed a beef one evening. That
night he brought in a square piece of the
hide and worked on it with his pocket
knife.
  “Let’s have that good leg o’ your’n,
pardner.” Buck wrapped the hide about
the leg, nodded, marked it with his knife
and took the hide back to his seat by the
fire.
  “Them splints kin come off in a day er
so. I’m fixin’ a sorter casin’ to fit around
that game laig. This hide’ll be plenty
hard and we’ll lace it, savvy? Padded
with the felt from a man’s hat, she’ll make
a cast that’ll be useful and right orna-
mental, with the hair on the outside. I’m
stretchin’ it around this wilier pole to
make ’er smooth.”
  Buck tanned the rest of the hide and
made himself moccasins and a coat that
was ill fitting but warm enough. He kil-
led a blacktail buck and they feasted on
venison. Buck spent his evenings tanning
the hide. The rawhide cast, smooth and
hard and padded with felt from Buck’s
hat, now replaced the willow splints.
Buck wore a cap made out of a piece of
Hudson’s Bay blanket. He refused the
offer of Cotton Eye’s clothes.
  With December came real winter—the
hardest winter the cowmen in Montana
have ever known. The hay was giving
out. Buck worked on a snowplow. The
cattle in the field grew in number each
day. Gaunt flanked, hollow eyed, bawling
as they trained at a stubborn walk with
the storm.
  Gray days. White days. Bitter days.
The cattle drifting down into the bad-
lands. Even the big native steers were
finding it hard to paw to feed under the
crusted snow.
  Buck’s black chaps no longer banked
his stolen money. He had buried the
stuff in a corner of the cow shed, wrapped
carefully in his slicker. His daylight
labors brought peace of mind. But some-
times he lay awake, far into the night,
haunted by thoughts of the buried wealth.
The dream of a cow outfit of his own was
replaced by the black nightmare of his
THE MAN WHO HATED HIMSELF
125
theft. He was tempted a hundred times
to share the burden of his guilt with Cot-
ton Eye who was now hobbling about on
crutches made of forked sticks wrapped
and padded with deerskin.
  “Wish I could git word out to the
ranch,” said Buck, “This hay ain’t gonna
last. The only shot, if this keeps up, is to
drift south o’ the river where the shelter
is better. Mebbe train out from there.
They could buy hay at Lewistown and
Gilt Edge. I had to kill three more calves
today. Cows didn’t have milk to feed
the li’l beggars. Hear the cows a-bawlin’ ?
Hell, ain’t it?”
  The haystacks were becoming fewer.
Buck and his crippled partner found it
hard to fill the long silences that fell over
them. Cotton Eye hobbled about now,
getting the ’’meals and washing dishes.
He scraped the thick frost from the win-
dow and would sit there, smoking and
watching Buck Bell pitch hay sparingly
to the starving cattle. When Buck sad-
dled his horse and rode back into the
breaks to bring in more stumbling, gaunt
steers and cows, Cotton Eye would curse
with futile fury at his aching leg.
  “Brung in three more o’ Dick Powell’s
steers today. Weak as hell. Three-four
Circle Diamond cows, another Square
steer, one er two Bear Paw Pool strays,
and the Widder Brown’s Jersey milk cow.
The widder sets a heap o’ store by that
cow. It must be shore a-stormin’ up on
the ridges, to drift that stuff into the
breaks. If this keeps up, there won’t be a
cow left in the country.”
  “You was sayin’ something about get-
tin’ word to the ranch, Buck. I kin make
out to ride now. I’d like to tackle it.
Ain’t doin’ no good here.”
  “If you’re plumb sure you kin make it,
pardner?”
  “Shore thing, I kin. I’ll pull out in the
mornin’.”
BUCK wrapped the injured leg in a
blanket and Cotton Eye rode away
in the gray dawn. Buck grinned a
farewell. When Cotton Eye was gone,
Buck tried to whistle away the gnawing
loneliness. He worked feverishly, not
even taking a few minutes off at noon
for his usual coffee and beans and meat.
Now and then, when his chores took him
past the corner of the shed where the
stolen money had been buried, he would
quicken his pace, as a man afraid of
ghosts might pass with haste by a grave.
  “Why did Horace lie?” he asked him-
self a thousand and one times.
  “Because Horace knowed who done the
robbery!” came the still answer out of
each night’s darkness.
  Cotton Eye had left his bed and his war-
sack filled with a few clothes and knic-
knacks. Delving into the sack for a
needle and thread one day, a week or so
after Cotton Eye’s departure, Buck came
upon a large envelope of heavy paper. He
emptied its contents of saddle wax and
thread and harness needles and awl. He
sat there, smiling softly, the worried
frown momentarily gone from his fore-
head.
  “I’ll do it. I’ll use this envelope to hold
the money. Else I’ll be plumb crazy
before spring. I’ll send the money to
Horace, first man that passes along.”
  He spent an evening composing a
laborious letter to the Circle C wagon
boss. That night he slept without tossing
and dreaming. And with the first streak
of dawn he was out in the shed with pick
and shovel, digging in the corner. With
hands that shook with eagerness, he undid
the slicker. A choking cry broke from his
pulsing throat. The money was gone. All
of it. The slicker held nothing but some
scraps of old newspaper, rudely cut and
bundled in imitation of the bank-notes.
  For a long time Buck squatted there on
the ground, staring with dazed eyes at the
slicker and its mocking contents. A rack-
ing, horrible laugh rattled from his dry
lips. Then he went on back to the cabin,
his brain aching dully with milling
thoughts.
  Cotton Eye had taken the money. Cot-
ton Eye was a thief as well as a crooked
card sharp. It was hard to take—after
what he’d done fer Cotton Eye.
  “Well, the damn’ stuff is gone. Gone
126
WALT COBURN
fer keeps. Too late now to send it back
with that confession . . . Cotton Eye
would be headed south by now . . . south
. . . with five thousand dollars.”
  Then a slow grin spread across the
mouth of Buck Bell. He chuckled, then
laughed until the coffee boiled over and
on to the stove.
  “That’s shore one on me. Frettin’ and
stewin’ around about that money. Him
playin’ possum with that leg. Diggin’
’er up, when I rode off yesterday. But
how’d he know I had it? How’d he know
where it was buried? Well, I got all win-
ter to figger ’er out.”
DAYS slipped into weeks. Weeks
of white isolation. The hay was
about gone. No word from the
ranch. And that eternal gray sky over-
head like a shroud.
 Came that morning when Buck Bell
looked out at the empty hay corral. This
was the end of the trail. All about the
cabin the gaunt eyed cattle walked aim-
lessly, bawling. Buck went back into the
cabin and began packing. When his grub
was sacked and his bed rolled he went out
to the barn and hooked the team to his
crude snow plow. He tied his saddle
horse to the off horse and loaded his bed
and grub on the snow plow. Then he
scrawled a note and laid it on the raw-
hide covered table, weighting it with a
can of frozen tomatoes.
  Closing the door of the log cabin, he
picked up the lines and seated himself on
the snow plow. As the team got under
way, he grinned back over his shoulder.
“So long, cabin. Here goes nothin’.”
Behind him, bawling hungrily, trailed
the cattle. Their dumb faith was pinned
to the man and his horses.
  South into the breaks across the frozen
river. The sun was a dim white ball in a
dead sky. The air was still and sharp.
The snow plow creaked and groaned.
“Come on, dogies!”
  A gaunt scarecrow of a man, riding his
crazy plow. A beard covered his face up
to the frost blackened cheekbones. His
clothes were a patchwork of blanket,
cowhide, and buckskin with the hair on.
His hair came to his shoulders. Under
the deerhide covering, his hands and feet
were swollen and stiff from frostbite.
“Sam Bass was born in Indiana; it was his na-
    tive home.
  And at the age of seventeen, young Sam begun
    to roam.”
  The song blended crazily with the bawl
of starving cattle, the creak of his covered
plow runners and the click of hoofs.
  South into the sheltering badlands
where the snow was deep but soft. The
plow cut through, clearing a ten foot path
through the drifts. The cattle packed
the trail, crowding and riding one another
to get to the precious feed.
  “Grass belly deep!” cried Buck, look-
ing back. “Come on, you hungry
dogies! Git the wrinkles outa your
paunches. Mebbe so it’s come Christ-
mas fer you.”
 He unhooked the team at last and
watered them at a hole cut in the ice. He
camped at the edge of the cleared bottom-
land and his pitch fire sent its crimson
shaft into the night. He had found feed
for his cattle. There was more to be had
for the plowing. He slept that night with
a smile of tired happiness on his bearded,
frost cracked lips.
  In those days to come, Buck Bell found
a measure of happiness and peace. He
labored untiringly, a man of rawhide. A
bearded, frost blackened scarecrow. And
the haunting ache of that stolen money
slipped into a forgetfulness, buried by the
work he was doing.
  _He cleared huge patches of grass. He
rode back across the river and trailed in
more starving cattle to share his grass.
Sometimes he came within a mile of the
cabin at Rocky Point but always he was
too busy to stop. Those short days were
too brief to waste even a few minutes in
idle pastime. The snow was too deep to
tire his horse in breaking useless trail to
the cabin to see whether any one had been
there.
  So he did not know that Horace had
coma and found that note on the table.
THE MAN WHO HATED HIMSELF
127
     Hay’s played out. I’m pullin’ out. If I don't
   die off before the chinook comes. I’ll come in
   and give myself up. I taken that money that
   night in town. Then I lost it. So the law kin
   take it outa my hide.—bock bell.
  A frozen, wolf gnawed steer carcass lay
near the cabin. Its ripped paunch held
no grass. Only willow sticks, some of
them almost the thickness of a man’s
wrist.
THIS was the winter of ’86-’87,
when the drift fences and cut cou-
lees held the hide and bones of a
hundred thousand steers. When the
mercury hung below forty-five, and more
than a few cowboys died for their out-
fits. When cowmen stared out across
the blizzard swept hills, dry eyed, with
aching lumps in their throats. Grim,
silent, defeated.
   The sun was a white ball inside its circle
of gray, cold as the eye of a corpse. Sun
dogs followed its passing, across a sky that
knew no warmth. At night the patches
of stars seemed frozen in a black agate sky.
  And when the last of the hay was gone,
the men sat about the bunkhouse stove.
And the strings of staggering, bawling
cattle drifted on down the wind to death.
  At night the wolves and coyotes flung
the death song toward the glittering stars.
  That was the winter of ’86-’87. The
winter that broke the back of the cow
country.
  South of the river, Buck Bell watched
the last of the feed go. He had lost track
of the days. He did not know what mOnth
it was. But he knew that the grass had
played out and that the end of the trail
lay just ahead. His grub was gone and he
was living on meat and beans. Each day
he felt of his teeth to test the coming
symptoms of scurvy. His clothes were a
mass of patches. His eyes were swollen
almost shut, the lids scaled from frost, the
eyeballs discolored by snow blindness.
Only half a dozen matches remained in
his pocket. He could not remember the
taste of tobacco and coffee.
  Half frozen, he lay in a knot under tarp
and blankets, that night in early spring
when a wind roared down out of the
canons with a droning, rushing sound.
  The scrub pines whispered; cattle got
to their feet. Buck stirred a little under
the tarp, hardly awake. Then the wind
cut down the river and swept his forlorn
camp. No man who has ever heard the
voice of the chinook wind can ever forget
its whimper. Buck threw back the tarp
and the warm blast rushed down upon
him.
  A harsh, choking cry broke from his
throat as he sat up in bed. His arms,
ragged, aching, frost seared, flung out
in a wide gesture. His face, bearded and
scarred black, lifted. His eyes found the
stars that seemed close overhead in a
warm sky. Terrible sobs shook him.
Tears streamed down from his aching
eyes.
  “God, oh, God!”
  Over and over again.
  “God!”
  He could find no other word to fit into
the prayer that sobbed and rattled and
laughed in his throat.
  The weary horses felt the blessing of
that chinook wind. The cattle milled and
bawled a restless chant. The melting
snow in the tree branches dripped with
increasing cadence. A golden moon rode
across the sky toward the jagged skyline.
The hard winter was over. The chinook
had come. Its passage through the pines
sang the requiem of cattle and horses and
men that slept beneath the crusted drifts.
  And when the coulees became rivers and
the ridges lay bare, Buck Bell trailed his
straggling herd up the ridge and on to the
open prairie.
“Git along, little dogies, git along!”
  He sang in a cracked voice as his horse
patiently followed the drags.
4ND SO they found him that day in
/-% the Spring of ’87. Horace and the
little man with the white beard
and puckered, sky blue eyes who owned
the Circle C. Horace and the Old Gent.
  They did not know him. Their eyes
were dim with the miracle that lay before
128
WALT COBURN
them. Cattle. Hundreds of cattle, graz-
ing hungrily. And behind them a snow
blind man who was all hair and rags, who
sang in a crazy voice, the words of “Sam
Bass.”
  A phantom herd followed by a ghost.
It was impossible to believe that so many
cattle could have lived, while so many
thousands of others had died. Buck’s
herd filled the coulees and covered the
ridges. The chain harness rattled on the
work team that was hooked to a bull hide
which held Buck’s bed and two young
calves hog tied.
  A dozen brands were represented in
that gaunt herd. One of those calves
belonged to the Widow Brown’s Jersey
milk cow. Its father was the prize Circle
Diamond bull that had strayed down
from its Canadian range. Half of Dick
Powell’s herd was there.
“Sam Bass was bom in Indiana . . .”
  Between them, the Old Gent and Horace
got Buck Bell to the ranch. Somebody
went for Doc Steele, fifty miles away. For
Buck was blind and one foot so badly
frozen that three toes had to come
off.
  “He’ll see aga\n in ten days,” said the
doctor. “Let him sleep. Give him warm
food. Go slow on the whisky. He has a
barb wire constitution and a rawhide car-
cass.” He was a little puzzled at Buck’s
delirious babbling.
 “He’s been worrying about some-
thing.”
  Horace and the Old Gent exchanged
glances. The owner of the Circle C
thoughtfully stroked his whiskers and
smiled down at the sleeping Buck Bell.
Then he handed the doctor the note that
Horace had found on the table at the
deserted line camp at Rocky Point. Doc
Steele knew cowboys. He understood. He
handed back the note and blew his nose
like a trumpet. The Old Gent fetched
glasses and the bottle.
 “Cotton Eye got here about New
Year’s, Doc. He had five thousand dol-
lars and said he’d stole it. Wanted to
plead guilty and take his medicine. His
story didn’t hold water. He’d been sitting
in a poker game when the money was
stolen at the depot. Horace knew Buck
was the thief because the melting snow
on Buck’s hat and clothes showed he’d
been out in the storm about the time
that depot man was robbed. Cotton Eye
finally admitted he’d stolen the money
from Buck. Buck had kept him awake
nights, talking about the robbery in his
sleep like a man gone loco. Buck saved
Cotton Eye’s life and he wanted to re-
turn the favor.”
  Doc Steele chuckled deep down in hiss
muscular throat.
  “Couple of sentimental old sage
hens. It’s a damn’ shame, sir, that
we haven’t more of such outlaws in
this world.”
  He lifted his glass.
  “Here’s to ’em.”
  “May their breed never die out.”
When they had set down their glasses,
Doc Steele looked quizzically at the cow-
man.
  “How is this thing going to be squared
with the mining people?”
  The sky blue eyes of the old cattleman
twinkled. Doc Steele was somehow re-
minded of the sun shining through sum-
mer rain.
  “I bought the damn’ mine, Doc. Last
fall. I don’t think that anything more
need be said about that fool holdup. Buck
Bell saved what cattle I have left. God
and Buck Bell alone know how he man-
aged. You should have seen what I saw.
The whole range spotted with dead crit-
ters. Like a boneyard a hundred miles
square. We’d rode all day across a cow
country graveyard. When I heard cattle
bawling, I thought I was dreaming. That
herd trailing up out of the breaks. A
man too weak to walk, riding behind
’em, singing— It was something, Doc,
that a man won’t ever forget.”
  They filled their glasses and drank in
silence. Then they tiptoed out and Buck
Bell slept on, a smile of peace on his frost
cracked lips.
  Outside, the chinook wind whispered its
promise to the cow country.
GHOST ISLAND
129
ONE SUNNY day in early June,
a cowboy, dressed in his town
clothes and freshly shaved, drove
a Jersey cow and her calf to the
Widow Brown’s place on the head of
Rock Creek. As he poked along, lazing
in his saddle, he sang a song that had
to do with the life and death of one
Sam Bass.
  Tall grass hid the bleached bones in the
coulees. A meadowlark sat on a cotton-
wood limb and filled the warm air with
liquid warbling. Buck Bell, now wagon
boss of the Circle C roundup, rode a-
courting.
  “In the spring,” said a poet, “a young
man’s fancy lightly turns to thoughts of
love.”
 And while Buck Bell was no mere
youth, and this was the spring of ’87, this
cowboy rode his love trail.
  “Law2iee, if it ain’t Sukie!” Tears of
joy filled the soft eyes of the ample lady in
the cabin doorway. “With a big heifer
calf a-follerin’! And of all people! Buck
Bell! ’Light, Buck, and look at your sad-
dle!”
  About third guard time, Buck rode
slowly back to the roundup camp down
the creek. His head was tilted toward the
stars and he sang with joyful abandon—
“Sam Bass was born in Indiana . .
GHOST ISLAND
   By Donald A. Cadzow
ON THE north shore of St. Lawrence
Island, in Bering Sea, are two
Eskimo villages called Kok-u-lik
and Sa-von-ga. The doors of the stone
houses in the villages stand open to the
chill north wind from the Arctic. Under-
neath the sagging timbers, which once
held up the roofs, grinning skeletons look
out at the intruders.
  These villages are tabu to the Eskimo
now living on the island, and are supposed
to be inhabited by ghosts and evil spirits.
According to local tradition, a terrible sick-
ness came upon the people, wiping out the
entire population because they violated
certain unwritten laws of their people.
  So much for local tradition, which, as
a general rule, seldom approaches the
truth. These two villages of the dead
stand as a monument to a whaling cap-
tain who traded for furs on the side.
  In the summer of 1878 a ship put into
St. Lawrence Island to buy furs from the
natives. Having little else in his hold for
this purpose but whisky, the captain pro-
ceeded to get the natives drunk. The
taste of rum was new to them. And when
the vessel sailed back to the States the
cargo of whisky had been exchanged for
precious skins—the captain chuckling be-
cause of his canny trade.
  For days the natives must have re-
mained drunk, which caused them to neg-
lect their hunting. The caribou and bear
roamed unmolested near the camps and
as the winter drew in they too moved
away to better feeding grounds. How it
all ended no one knows, for there were no
survivors to tell the story. And at least
four hundred people died of starvation in
consequence of the introduction of the
cargo of whisky.
EMPTY BOTTLES
    What use had any six foot man
    for an empty one quart bottle?
By RAYMOND S. SPEARS
A RATHER large, awkward man
shambled into the One Way
Thru Saloon, sidled over to the
bar and addressed Cock Eye
Baer, the mixer. His voice was so low that
Cock Eye leaned to hear and then asked
for repetition of the nearly voiceless
words.
  “I want a bottle!” the man blurted out.
  “Oh, yeh!” The bartender, grinned
fatly. “The question now is, gent, how
big a bottle?”
  “A quart!”
  “A man’s size—and now what liquor’ll
you have in it?”
  The familiar patrons were listening.
The visitor was plainly modest, at least
before beginning his drinks; but in buying
by the bottleful he would obtain more
liquor for much less money. And there
was a certain aspect which indicated that
the visitor was not quite familiar with the
lingo or the customs of this business place.
He had asked for a bottle—not for a
quart of liquor. He was a long time
coming to the point, too.
  “Why, if you please, I don’t want no
liquor; I want an empty bottle!”
  “An empty bottle?”
  “Yes, sir!” the awkward fellow said,
deprecatorily, “I want it clean—you
know—no whisky or anything—”
  “As though whisky ever soiled the in-
sides of a bottle!” some one exclaimed
sorrowfully.
  “Go in back!” The bartender lifted
130
EMPTY BOTTLES
131
his flat nose. “Lotsa bottles out there!”
The man went through into the yard.
He returned, smelling alternately of two
flat quart bottles, one white, the other
brown. They smelled of whisky and he
rinsed them many times, finally taking
the white one with him down the street.
  The saloon crowd watched him take his
departure.
  “What d’ye make of him?” one asked
snortily.
  “What he needs is a nipple to go on
that bottle!” Cock Eye grinned.
  The laughter of the listeners was loud,
prolonged, and terminated by a serious
round of drinks. Cock Eye was always
good that way. He talked brightly and
smartly. After several had bought, the
bartender served a drink on the house.
And then a man came in the front door.
The boys gathered around him, made
sure he had a drink and then all of them
told him what Cock Eye had said when a
fellow took an empty bottle out the front
door, instead of a full one. It was
awfully funny, but Cock Eye had to
elucidate his wit himself, because none of
the explainers had exactly the lingo and
tang with which to tell the story.
HE FOLLOWING afternoon along
Butte Street Cock Eye, who was
off for the day, saw the awkward
fellow coming down the side of the square,
shambling. The bartender grinned remin-
iscently so that the stranger angled over
und addressed him.
  “I don’t know’f I thanked ye for that
bottle,” the man said. “I had to have
it for a baby a lady had down’t the camp.
You see, you fill it full of pretty middlin’
warm water an’ when the kid has the
stomach ache you put the bottle on the
stomach, which warms it. Course you
wrap it in rags.”
  “Quite an idea!” Cock Eye approved.
“Tha’s all right! But why’d you want it
clean for that?”
  “I didn’t know they was going to put
warm water in it. I thought it was for
feedin’ or something.”
  “ ’Tain’t your lady had the baby?”
  “No, sir, ’taint. There’s a sickly feller
there, the husband, I expect. An old
woman come over to my wagon about a
bottle. So I come up an’ got it. I’m
just lookin’ around myself.”
  Cock Eye went on his way. He rolled
in his mind this new opportunity. By
the time night had come and he was in
his white apron behind the bar, he was
ready for the boys to come in, which
they did in due course.
  “Say,” he said, “ ’member that feller
come in last night to get a bottle—
empty? Well, I met’m up the street
today. He did want it for a baby.
There’s a lady had a kid down’t the
strollers’ camp and an old woman sent
him for it, so’s they could put warm
water into it, to warm the baby’s stomach
when it ached.”
  “Say, ain’t that funny? You did hit
it, didn’t you, Cock Eye? You jes’
knowed it was for a baby— Huh!
Water, too. Say, tha’s funny, ain’t it?
Cock Eye spots a feller wants an empty
bottle f’r a baby. What’d he want a
clean bottle f’r, anyhow?”
  “He didn’t know’t was for a warmer.
He thought it was to feed the kid out of.
Old woman sent him for it. He come
here.”
  “Tha’s funny—come here Pr an empty
bottle!” one of the boys laughed. “Le’s
have a drink!”
 AROUND the Square in Boxelder
/A the boys told about Cock Eye,
■*- the empty bottle and the stroller
down at the campground, where there
was a lady had a baby. The stranger
again came uptown and shambled to the
Emporium, went to the post office and
headed down the creek to the camp, his
arms carrying packages. He was pointed
out, and people laughed. He was the
fellow who asked Cock Eye for an empty
bottle. That was funny. He wanted it
to put on a baby’s stomach, too.
  “Who are you?” The city marshal,
Pete Culder, softened his insult to the
stranger by adding, “If it’s any of my
business?”
13*
RAYMOND S. SPEARS
 “Why, my name’s Frank Hesbern,”
the man answered readily enough. “I’m
kind of looking around for a new country
to settle in.”
  “Understand you got a baby with the
stomach ache?”
  “Me? Oh, my, no! ’Tain’t my baby.
I never did get to marry. It’s a lady’s.
She’s camped on the flat. The man he’s
sickly. The old lady asked me to get an
empty flat bottle to put on the kid’s
stomach, tha’s all.”
 “I see—” Culder nodded—“that’s
funny!”
  “What?” Hesbern’s gray eyes squinted.
“The baby was crying, sir. They wanted
to put warm water on its stomach, ’count
of the ache.”
  The city marshal laughed and strolled
on while Hesbern watched him wonder-
ingly. Thereafter in the days that fol-
lowed, sometimes one, sometimes five or
six inquirers would speak to the stroller,
asking him about the empty bottle. After
listening to the explanation they would
say:
  “That’s funny!”
 Then they would go on their way,
leaving the awkward stranger puzzled
more and more. *
ONE DAY Cock Eye, waddling on
his short legs and with his rotund
stomach protruding, was again
strolling around the square in the after-
noon. It chanced that he met Hesbern,
who greeted him.
  “Say, mister,” the stroller asked,
“What’s there funny about me getting an
empty bottle?”
  Cock Eye bristled angrily.
“Who you talkin' to?” he demanded.
Hesbern’s gray eyes looked wonderingly
into the man’s face, steady, narrowing
and losing their sparkle in an odd, moon
colored opacity.
  “Ten-twelve fellers told me you said
it was funny,” Hesbern answered quietly.
“I want to know why?”
  Cock Eye’s face swelled a blotchy
white, red and purple.
  “What’s it to ye?” Cock Eye cried, his
voice rising from a growl into a shrill
hawklike shriek, which attracted atten-
tion far and wide.
  “I got that empty bottle for a baby
with the stomach ache,” Hesbern de-
clared. “An old woman ast me to, so’s
they could put it on the kid, account of
the lady what had it being in bed, an’
her man sickly. I don’t see nothin’
funny in a baby having the stomach
ache.”
  “I don’t care a damn if you do or not!”
Cock Eye snarled.
  “Uh-huh!” Hesbern grunted, going on
his way with two store bundles under his
arm.
  “Hey, you!” Cock Eye called after
him. “I wanta know what’s aching you
’bout me? Anyhow, you mind yer own
business ’bout me!”
  Hesbern turned to gaze at the short,
thick, angry man.
  “Course,” Hesbern answered presently,
“I mind my own business. I always do,
mister. I’ve been hearin’ some talk, tha’s
all.”
  “I don’t care what ye hear!” Cock Eye
growled into a shriek.
  “Tha’s what I thought!” Hesbern said
shortly, and the bartender’s lower jaw
dropped.
THAT night instead of just a few of
the boys coming into the One Way
Thru Saloon, the place was crowd-
ed. About every one had come out. Cock
Eye Baer, with flat face and glowering
eyes, served the drinks, very tart in his
few words.
  “Hear that stroller insulted you, Cock
Eye?” a newcomer inquired. “What’d he
say?”
  “Why, he ast me what’s funny about
that empty bottle! I told ’im to mind his
own business, bellyaching around. I
stood right up to him an’ tol’ ’im I
didn’t care what he thought! An’, by
Gawd, he said he didn’t care what I
thought! I’m gettin’ sick of him standing
up to me thataway. I don’t have ta take
anything from him, I don’t!”
  “Tha’s right, Cock Eye!” the listeners
EMPTY BOTTLES
133
exclaimed. “Don’tcha let ’im bluff you
a dad blamed inch, no sir!”
  “Don’t worry ’bout me!” Cock Eye
snorted. “He won’t be the first man I’ve
handled.”
  “Tha’s so, Cock Eye!” approved City
Marshal Culder who had dropped in for
a warm. “That feller’s got a bad eye. I
could see’t when I talked to ’im.”
  “I’ll look, Marshall. Trust me!” Cock
Eye allowed himself to grin a bit. “All
I want’s you to testify to that to the
inquest.”
  “You bet, old boy!” Culder shook his
head. “I got an eye on ’im myself! You
c’n see he’s thinking something, the way
he steps off.”
SATURDAY night in Boxelder was an
occasion boisterous and full of life.
Music from crowded dance halls,
whoops from exuberant men, the rustling
of an active throng filled the community
around Court House Square with jubilee.
Just after ten o’clock when an unusual
throng had come in, due to cattle droving
exigencies, with nesters, homesteaders
and bad land scatterers all at hand, an
agile little fellow with a face pointed like
a rat’s, dashed iijto the One Way Thru
Saloon and, stooping low, hissed to Cock
Eye Baer for attention.
  “I say, Cock Eye!” he whispered.
“Com’ere!”
  “What’s it?” Cock Eye leaned to listen.
  “I jes’ seen that Stroller Hesbern goin’
inta the Claybank Delight Saloon. My
lan’! He looked hateful!”
  “Liquorin’ up?”
  “Yeh; he bought a big bottle, two
quart. I seen it!”
  “Much obliged, Skinny,” Cock Eye
said. “I’ll remember that. I don’t ferget
favors.”
  Cock Eye ran his hand under the bar,
where he had a long barreled .45 revolver,
and made sure that there were loads in it.
A minute later another man came in,
leaning over and whispering to the bar-
tender:
  “Look out, Cock Eye! That stroller
bought two quarts to the Claybank—”
  “Aw right, Sam! I’m ready!’*
  Then two men came in from the alley,
hurrying.
  “Say, that feller Hesbern bought two
quarts down to the Claybank, er somers.
We seen ’im emptyin’ it out back jes’
now!”
  “Pretendin’ to liquor up, eh?” Cock
Eye grimaced. “An’ keepin’ steady,
eh—huh!”
  “That’s so,” an awed whisper ran
around, some one saying, “Better get set,
Cock Eye!”
  The bartender swallowed obviously,
his beady little eyes rolling in their fat
sockets. He took a couple of slugs him-
self. He needed a bracer. He was a
humorist, not a fighting man. At the
same time he wasn’t deficient when it
came to a showdown. He’d bashed in a
man’s skull, served as a bouncer innumer-
able times, and had come clear on the
charge of shooting Dingo Washington in
self-defense. He wouldn’t back down in
face of necessity. He hung up his apron,
and the proprietor of the One Way Thru
quietly took the bartender’s place, spelling
him.
  Grimly, looking neither to right nor
left, Cock Eye Baer sallied forth into the
darkness of the alleys. No one followed
him. Men sauntered casually out into
the gloom and stood, listening. Then
they heard two shots, almost together,
but none could tell by the echoes from
blank walls and bad land bluffs just
whence came the sounds.
IN A few minutes the One Way Thru
Saloon was crowded to overflowing,
every one waiting expectantly. Cock
Eye Baer did not return in ten minutes,
nor in half an hour. In an hour or two
men went scouting cautiously around in
the alleys. But it was dawn before any
one learned anything of importance. Then
on the shortcut path down to the strollers’
camp ground City Marshal Pete Culder
found Cock Eye lying dead with a bullet
buried in his thick chest, driven in the
direction of his heart. In Cock Eye’s
hand, held in rigor mortis was his heavy
134
RAYMOND S. SPEARS
revolver, with one bullet gone from its
cylinder.
  “Doggone! I knowed that Hesbern’s
bad!” Culder gasped. “I’ll go down to
find ’im, ’f I can!”
  He hurried to the strollers’ camp-
ground, where the strangers usually
stopped. He saw Hesbern’s wagon and
his two heavy draft horses staked in the
grass on the creek bottom; but Hesbern’s
saddlehorse, a beauty, was nowhere in
sight.
  The city marshal went over to the outfit
where the strangers had been delayed by
a baby and by the sickness of a man.
  “Where’s Hesbern?” the city marshal
demanded of the weak but convalescent
man.
  “Why, Marshal—” the man shook his
head—“I don’t know. Las’ night my
wife’s mother broke a bottle we had to
put on the baby’s stomach to keep it
warm, an’ Mr. Hesbern went uptown to
git another. My wife figured a two
quart’n ’d be better, and so he brought
one back, a big ’n. He seemed kinda
excited, nervous, swearin’ to himself.
Same time he didn’t say anythin’, except-
in’ he kissed the baby. My lan’! He
sure favored we’ns! I don’t know what
we’d done, me sickly, my wife took bad
an’ that new baby, ’thout him. *Him
never married, too—an’ he saddled his
horse to ride away down the branch. He
ast if we’d get along right, ’fore he went.
Course, I c’n git around, now. He left
this order to look after his outfit, account
of him gettin’ important news.”
  City Marshal Culder returned to Boxel-
der Court House Square. He told the
sheriff, coroner and prosecutor what he
knew. They had a jury sit over Cock
Eye Baer’s remains, and they rather side-
stepped the question of who, why and
whence the killing. That night in the
One Way Thru Saloon the boys gathered
sorrowfully along the bar, staring at Cock
Eye’s apron, spotted, large and limp,
hanging right where Cock Eye himself
had hung it, just the other night.
  “Poor Cock Eye!” City Marshal Culder
shook his head. “We’re goin’ to miss that
boy, yes, indeedy!”
  “That’s so— Don’t seem possible, does
it!”
  Another shook his head.
  “My lan’, he was funny, too, the way
he talked!” another sighed. “I tell you,
he was awfully bright, that old boy!”
“Yeh! ’Member that one he got off the
night Frank Hesbern come in? Hesbern,
he wanted an empty bottle, an’ Cock Eye
he said afterwards what Hesbern needed
was a nipple on to it; yes, sir, that’s what
he said! My golly, but the way he said
it was comical. No sir! Long’s I live
I’ll never forget it!”
  “Well, boys! Le’s drink to Cock Eye
Baer,” the proprietor said. “It’s on the
house. Bright of tongue; everybody’s
friend; always all there; big hearted and
square dealing. He could crack a joke an’
handle a situation. A man’s man, old
Cock Eye! He lived on the level an’ he
died in his boots. Here’s how, old boy!
May you rest easy where you lie tonight!
It’s a deep sleep ye’re in. Here’s hoping
you’ll awaken with a smile on yer lips an’
a joke on yer tongue!”
  “Doggone!” somebody choked. “I
can’t believe Cock Eye’s daid! It don’t
seem possible!”
SACRIFICED
By Judson Hanna
DURING the great retreat from
Mons in the first stage of the
Great War, the commander of
the Dublin Sabers received orders to
attack the enemy at once and check, if
possible, the impetuous German onslaught
until the guns of the British artillery
could be withdrawn.
  It was the first instance in the war
where cavalry was used for direct attack.
Before that, it had been used only for
scout duty.
  Sir John English, the commander of the
Dublin Sabers, called into counsel the
troop captains and laid down the law to
them. He was a little fat squire from
Yorkshire, and knew nothing about the
game of war, except to obey orders.
  There must be no.wavering, he told the
troop captains; no retreat. The attack
must be rushed through to the finish.
He completed his stern instructions by
quoting Napoleon—
  “The Guard dies but never surrenders.”
  After a moment he added:
  “I will lead the first troop. The others
will follow in echelon.”
  The troop captains, all fresh faced
young Irishmen, saluted, and answered:
“We understand, sir. It is an attack to
the finish.”
  Then one fair haired officer, bolder than
the rest, protested—
  “Pardon me, sir; we can not spare you
out in front.”
  “To hell with regulations!” the colonel
exploded. “I don’t push my men from
the rear. I get up front and pull them.”
He understood the tremendous impor-
tance of stopping the German advance,
if only for an hour.
    So the little fat colonel from Yorkshire
  who knew nothing about war mounted
  his big black charger, the Dublin Sabers
  settled into their saddles and the historic
  charge began.
   It was a memorable charge. Three
 hundred yards from the enemy line the
 fat little colonel toppled from his horse.
 The regiment swept on, slashing and
 shooting their way through two regiments
 of Bavarians in spite of the murderous
 machine gun fire.
    Turning, they slashed and shot their
  way back, pausing to pick up their
  wounded.
    The regiment went up six hundred and
  sixty strong. It rode back with two
  hundred and twenty-one men.
    But the enemy advance was checked.
  The R. F. A. saved its guns.
    Searching for the fat little colonel, be-
  cause they would not leave the field
  without him, they found him beside the
  fallen black charger; and the one re-
  maining troop captain carried him on his
  pommel into the lines. There he was laid
  out with his saber beside him, and the two
  hundred and twenty-one men of his
  broken regiment passed through the tent
  to take their last view of him.
    Some of them merely touched his hands.
  Others stooped to kiss his forehead. A
  few knelt for a moment and sent up
  a silent prayer for the repose of his
  soul.
    All of which was somewhat strange, be-
  cause the troopers were south Ireland
  men, and the colonel was Church of
  England—a game little Yorkshire gentle-
  man who knew nothing about war except
  how to die.
135
ghe
^Thraldom
of
SINGAN
PROLOGUE
IT MAY be no particular consolation
to a man who is down and out to
reflect that he has no one to blame
but himself, though it’s a sure
thing he will blame the world.
  Charles Cartwright confined his abuse
to that particular part of the globe that
lies between Suez and Yokohama, and
thereafter accepted the occasion with the
philosophy of a young man who takes
things as they come. It was not the first
time in his life that he had found himself
out of a job, with his capital reduced to
one dollar Mex, and no immediate
prospects.
  Seated on the Singapore waterfront,
contemplating the lights of the ships at
anchor in the roads and the tropic star-
light mirrored on the black, oily water of
the harbor north of Blakan Mati Island,
he reviewed, with neither embitterment,
intolerance nor any degree of satisfaction,
his thirty-one years of adventurous, mis-
spent life.
  During the ten years he had been in the
East he had tried his hand at rubber
planting, tin mining and brokering, and
now he looked as if he were becoming a
beachcomber.
  To attempt to find excuses for himself
would amount to a kind of moral coward-
ice—and Cartwright was not that sort.
136
A Novelette
of the
Malay Peninsula
By CHARLES GILSON
He preferred to look facts in the face.
The ordinary poor devil who went under
in the tropics was either an inveterate
gambler or an unreformed drunkard; and
he was neither, just a first class, special
fool—one of those people who possess
what may be called a genius for irrespon-
sibility, who work and live, drink, laugh
and make love, with never a thought for
the morrow.
  Of a sudden, his introspective medi-
tations were disturbed by something very
like a broken sob. For a moment he was
startled, for he had believed himself to be
alone. The seat upon which he sat on the
palm shaded praya was backed by a
clump of shrubs; and he had not noticed
that, on the other side of these shrubs,
was another and a similar seat. The one
faced the shipping and the sea; the other,
the deserted cricket ground, beyond which
were the lighted windows of the Singapore
hotels, clubs and cafes, from the Hotel de
l’Europe to Raffles’.
 Now, there are men—God save the
mark—who speak like women, and women
with the voices of men; but there was
never a man and a woman who wept alike.
This was a woman’s sob and, though soft,
it was pitched on a plaintive, vibrant note,
which made Cartwright sit bolt upright
and forget for the moment his own worries
and troubles.
  A woman undoubtedly. And, if so, a
137
138
CHARLES GILSON
Tamil or Malay. Tamil women wept for
nothing, though their oily, unfaithful,
talkative husbands usually took good
care they had something to cry about. He
hated Tamils, as much as he liked
Malays; but he knew how to handle their
womenfolk. Indeed, life on a jungle
estate consisted as much of settling family
disputes as tapping rubber or weeding
lalang.
  He would put her right in two shakes,
tell her to send her husband to the devil
and hit the other lady over the head with
the empty gin bottle that had doubtless
started the trouble. It would give him
something to do. And besides, when
you’re at the end of your tether, it’s en-
couraging to be told—even by a long-
haired, weeping Asiatic, black as sin, and
all grease except her earrings—that you
are her father and mother, that the light
of your countenance eclipses the sun.
  He got to his feet, stepped off the
paved esplanade on to the stiff “kiss
grass” under a traveler’s palm and beheld
—the woman of his life.
A WHITE woman! Indeed, the face
that looked up at him in startled
- surprise was the whitest face that
he had ever seen, for it caught the moon-
light and the lights from the street lamps
opposite, and it was powdered.
  Black eyes and scarlet lips; and a
coloured shawl that half concealed a
short skirted evening dress that sparkled.
A slim little woman, beautiful, graceful,
dejected, wearing silly satin shoes for the
dewy grass, her black hair shingled—'-and
that white, powdered face.
  “I beg your pardon,” he stammered.
“I thought perhaps I might be of some
assistance.”
  As he felt an unutterable fool, there was
nothing either presumptuous or insinuat-
ing in the tones of his voice.
  She just stared at him. As for Cart-
wright, he felt he had to explain things, to
find out who she was, what she was doing
there. It occurred to him that he had
seen pictures like her, but never anything
real.
  “You see,” he went on, “I heard you,
and I thought you were crying. I ex-
pected to find a native woman; and being
darned miserable myself, I thought I
might be able to put her right. They’re
rather like children, you know.”
  With this illuminating statement, he
came to a full stop, observing that she had
not yet taken her eyes from him.
  “You speak French?” she asked, with a
slightly foreign accent.
  “I’m wise enough not to try,” said he.
“My vocabulary consists of Tamil,
Malay, a choice collection of Chinese
swear words and a few Latin tags. For
example, facilis descensus Averno—highly
applicable to myself at the present time.”
“If, as you say, you are in trouble,” she
observed, “you are able to make light of
it. That is not so with me.”
  “I’m sorry,” he answered. “But, it’s
not much good worrying. As often as not,
it only makes matters worse.”
  “What can be worse,” she asked, with
such spirit as to be almost vehement,
“than to be tied to a man you fear and a
life you hate, to see the father you love
being slowly poisoned in both body and
mind, to know that there can never be any
release, except through death itself?”
 A startling announcement for a
powdered lady in an evening dress on the
pray a in Singapore!
  “You’re in a worse way than I,” said he.
“I’m only stone broke—out of a job.”
  She regarded him critically, but with
marked approval. She beheld a good
looking young Hercules in the crumpled
suit of white ducks. The open collar of
both shirt and coat displayed a bare,
muscular neck; a somewhat battered solar
topee perched well on the back of his
head. He stood awkwardly in front of
her, with legs parted, a fist in one of his
trouser pockets grasping his only dollar.
  She gave a little shrug of the shoulders
and drew her shawl closer around her slim
little body.
“I do not know why I should tell you
about my private affairs,” she said. “I’m
afraid you caught me in a weak moment.”
“Though I’ve not the remotest idea
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
139
who you are,” said he, “you may depend
upon it, you can trust me. If I can do
anything to help you, I will.”
  She ignored the suggestion. Opening a
handbag that lay upon the seat beside her,
she took out a small gold cigaret case and
lit a cigaret. Cartwright remained stand-
ing, interested, almost fascinated, and
yet, for some reason or other, nervous.
  “It does one good to talk,” she re-
marked. “Tell me about yourself. You
ought not to be out of work. You are a
young man; you are very strong; and you
are well educated.”
  “I daresay,” said he. “That’s why I
ought to be ashamed of myself. And I
suppose I am.”
  “You have some business?” she asked.
“A planter. At least, I’ve done more of
that than anything else. I lost my last
job because I was under a manager who
was a scoundrel; and I was indiscreet
enough to tell him so, before I knocked
him out. So I can’t exactly ask that firm
for a letter of recommendation.”
  She sat thinking a moment, smoking
her cigaret, gazing at the passing rick-
shaws under the street lamps beyond the
cricket ground. Her next remark was
surprising.	t
  “That would make no difference,” she
said, as if speaking to herself. “My hus-
band does not want references. He has
come to Singapore to find the right man,
and I think you may be he.”
  He stared at her in astonishment.
  “You don’t mean to tell me you’ve got
a job for an out-of-work planter?" he
asked. “I’ve had ten years of it, off and
on. I ought to know something about it.
I’ve worked in Perak, Selangor and
Johore. Which state have- you come
from? I’ve never seen you before. I’m
dead sure of that.”
  “I do not live in the Malay States at
all,” she answered. “I come from the
island of Singan.”
  “Never heard of it,” said he.
  “That is possible,” she replied.
“Singan is between Borneo and Celebes,
in the Macassar Straits.”
  “Dutch?” he asked.
  “It belongs to the Sultan of Singan,”
she answered: “Listen. I think I can ar-
range this, provided you understand that
it will be no ordinary work. You may be
asked to do many things that I do not
think you will like doing. Still, that is
better than starving. I give you one
word of warning. There are no police
courts in Singan; there is no mercy there,
no justice, no law but jungle law, which
means the strongest wins.”
  Charles Cartwright never thought twice
about it. If this little, powdered woman
who would have looked more at home in a
limousine on the Champs Elysees had re-
turned to civilization from some unheard
of, savage island, then he was going there
too, if he got the chance.
  In his heart, he knew he was a fool; he
was asking for trouble. It was a blind
bargain, but never in his life had he seen
such an appealing look in the eyes of any
woman.
  “I would give a lot,” said he, “to get
out of the Malay States.”
  “Then do as I say,” she told him.
“You know the Cafe Riche? My husband
will be there for an apertif at eleven to-
morrow morning. He is very tall—taller
than you—he has a black moustache and
wears a large emerald ring. Get into
conversation with him, tell him who you
are; and he will engage you. Naturally,
you will not say that you have talked to
me. Au revoir.”
  With that she was off, across the wet
grass in her satin shoes. And from that
moment Charles Cartwright went out of
the world for fourteen months, and when
he turned up at the Nolak Estate on the
Yalai River, he looked like a man who had
just come out of hell.
CHAPTER I
ON THE YALAI RIVER
THE LITTLE, flat bottomed, tin
kettle of a paddle-boat was called
La Chauve-Souris, and there were
only three passengers on board, because
there was no accommodation for more,
140
CHARLES GILSON
and because Nolak was just about the last
place on earth where any one would want
to go.
  Of these three, John Eade, wool mer-
chant of New York and Melbourne, was
one; and of the other two, the first was a
little French lady, and the second, a fat
man, short of both sight and breath, who
could never have been anything else but a
German.
  In the offices of an old established firm
of New York solicitors it had been sug-
gested that Eade should go himself to
Malaya in search of a more or less dis-
reputable younger cousin who, having
inherited a moderate fortune for the
third time in his life, was nowhere to
be found.
  From certain rubber estates in both
Perak and Johore, a tin dredging company
in Singora, from even a poste-restante ad-
dress in Pulo Penang, it was not possible
to learn anything of Charles Cart-
wright’s whereabouts. He was believed
to have left the Malay Peninsula alto-
gether, since he had been neither seen nor
heard of for months.
  Eade, who had undertaken to find the
young reprobate if he could, was per-
sonally interested in the'winding up of
a maiden aunt’s’estate, and as he was
going to Melbourne in any case, had de-
cided to take in Singapore en route.
  There had never been any real harm in
Charles. Eade remembered him well as
a boy at college. Strong, good looking
and a fine athlete, Cartwright had suffered
perhaps from overpopularity. He had al-
ways been too ready to make both friends
and enemies. A rowdy young devil, he
had never cared two straws whether he
spent his money or used his fists—the very
type to prefer a precarious, happy-go-
lucky existence, knocking around the
world, to anything in the way of a con-
ventional, settled life.
  And from all accounts, he had made
things hum in the Malay States, before he
had had a free fight with his boss on the
Sunchor Rubber Estate in Perak. A day
or so after that incident, Charles had put
in an appearance at Ikey’s Bar in Sing-
apore, where he had stood drinks all
round. And that was the last that had
been heard of him. Suddenly and un-
accountably, he had just disappeared, as
men sometimes do in the East.
EADE was inclined to believe that
his cousin was dead. In any case,
he very much doubted whether he
would ever get any news of him. And
then, the very day he arrived in Singapore,
he heard that the missing man was alive.
Charles had turned up about a week
before, looking pale and haggard, as if he
had been having a thin time of it.
  No one could say where he had been, or
what he had been doing. For once in his
life he kept his business to himself;
though all his friends remarked that he
looked an altered man. Anyway, with
his usual luck, he dropped straight on to a
new job, for, knowing nothing of his
aunt’s death, he believed that he hadn’t
a dollar in the world. Nolak wasn’t the
sort of place any one would choose; but
Cartwright, who was admitted to be one
of the best men with natives in the
country, had been glad enough to take the
first chance that offered.
  As for Eade, having come a good two
thousand miles out of his way, he thought
he might as well see the business through.
His cousin had gone up-country to one of
the most inaccessible places in all Malaya;
but in Raffles’ Hotel he ran across a
German rubber expert, of the name of
Gottheimer, who had got a passage to
Nolak on the Yalai, on board a kind of
tramp paddle-boat that was owned and
skippered by a Portuguese. This Port-
uguese, a Feriiao Quental, had been
pottering about the islands for years, and
had long been suspected of having a per-
sonal interest in the smuggling carried on
by the Chinese and Japanese. He was an
ugly little fellow, this Quental, with a
parchment colored face and no hair, as
proud of the glorified ferryboat he owned
as if it were a man-o’-war.
  Gottheimer and Eade went aboard at
midday; and an hour or so afterward the
lady herself turned up. She had evidently
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
141
met Quental before, for she took the
Portuguese by an arm and marched him
straight off to the poop, apparently to be
out of earshot of both Eade and the
German.
  There the two talked for some time,
Quental gesticulating excitedly. Then he
suddenly ordered his lascar serang to pipe
his odds and ends of a crew on deck,
scrambled up to the bridge and got the
packet under way.
  That was something of a surprise to
both Eade and the worthy Gottheimer;
for Quental had just sworn, by all the
saints he didn’t believe in, that he
couldn’t weigh anchor until nearly sun-
down, to clear the roads before dark.
  Eade didn’t much mind. So far as he
could see, they could do no worse than
run aground. He supposed he would get
to Nolak somehow, and that there he
would find his cousin, Charles. What
more immediately interested him was the
lady passenger, who hadn’t come out of
her cabin all day long. From the glimpse
he had'got of her when she had come
tripping up the gangway, John L. Eade
had more than liked the looks of her.
  Fascinating little bit of goods, and none
the less so because he had never expected
to come across anything at all like her in
the heart of a tropic forest. From the
captain he had found out her name, and
that she was either married or a widow—
found out just enough to make him in-
quisitive. But apart from her prettiness,
there was the attraction of a mystery
about her, since for some reason or other
the little Portuguese was risking the
safety of his ship on her account.
  Eade sounded Gottheimer who had
been up the river before and who had
spent the entire day in a deck chair
smoking cheroots, cursing the climate and
drinking beer.
  There would be dinner at six-thirty, he
declared, at which Quental would act as
host. The Chauve-Souris was a hell-boat,
because there was no ice on board.
Nolak was a fever trap at the Back of
Beyond and, were it not for rubber, would
have been forgotten long since by Gott
and never by man discovered. The lady
passenger at dinner might appear—he
could not say. In the East he didn’t take
any particular interest in white girls; he
preferred Japanese, Javanese or Burmese.
  Herr Gottheimer, enlivened by pale
India ale, expressed his views with more
conviction than delicacy. As he had
never heard of any one attempting to go
up the Yalai by night, he would be sur-
prised if before morning they were not
shipwrecked and eaten by crocodiles.
And in any case, he repeated, the Chauve-
Souris was a hell-boat, and the Yalai an
earthly Styx.
  Eade, who had no use for this sort of
thing, strolled toward the little saloon
which lay aft, across a shallow well-deck
between the engine room and the poop.
IT WAS rapidly growing dark—the
swift sunset of the tropics. What
could be seen of the sky above the
treetops was a blurred streak of reddish
brown; and the air, alive with insects,
was like a wet blanket, heavy and
suffocating.
  Eade entered the saloon, where a lamp
was burning and a Chinese boy was lay-
ing the table for dinner, in which task
he was being helped by the lady passenger
herself.
  She was dressed in a Japanese kimono;
and in that light Eade thought she
looked even prettier than before. She was
talking to the boy in Chinese; and as the
tablecloth was not as clean as it might
have been, she was insisting upon having
another one. When Eade walked into the
saloon, she looked up and smiled.
  “This is how men keep house!” she ob-
served, with her fascinating French
accent, and just the suspicion of a lisp.
“Were it not for women, I think you
would all become savages again.”
  Eade liked the way she said that, quite
apart from the fact that he thought there
might be some truth in it.
  “At any rate,” he answered, “we can
appreciate the niceties of life, if some-
times we don’t bother about them. Can I
be of any assistance?”
142
CHARLES GILSON
  “Everything is finished,” she declared.
“The boy understands. Dinner will be
ready in five minutes. It is already late,
and I have not yet dressed.”
  That knocked the courtier out of John
Eade, wool merchant. In a tramp
paddle-boat, on an out-of-the-way Malay
river, when they might run aground at
any moment, she proposed to dress for
dinner! He wondered whether he could
rake out something in the way of a black
tie and dinner clothes. As he had only
five minutes to spare, he would have to be
quick.
  He dived into his cabin, hurled the con-
tents of his box all over the place and was
struggling into a stiff collar when the
Chinese steward let fly at a gong as if he
were scaring devils. A few minutes later
Eade turned up in the saloon to find Herr
Gottheimer and Madame Scala, dining
tete-a-tete, the captain not having ven-
tured to leave the bridge.
  Madame might have been in a restau-
rant on the Rue Royale. She bowed her
approval of the American’s compliment
to herself; and Gottheimer, who was wear-
ing a much creased pongee suit, expressed
his disgust by a succession of grunts into
his soup plate.
  The meal passed pleasantly enough for
Eade. Madame, who was as charming as
she looked, had plenty to say for herself.
From time to time Gottheimer, who sat
opposite her, gazed at her in a bovine
manner over the top of his spectacles, and
then went on with his food.
  “So Charles Cartwright is your cousin,”
she observed, after it had taken her about
five minutes to find out all about Eade.
  “Why, do you know him?” he ex-
claimed.
  “Of course,” she laughed, a little nerv-
ously, he thought. “We are—friends. In
fact, I go to Nolak especially to see him.”
  Eade inwardly cursed his cousin, and
then did some rapid thinking.
  “And what’s the hurry?” he asked.
  She half turned toward him and looked
him straight in the face.
  “Is there a hurry?” she asked. “I do
not understand.”
  “I certainly thought there might be
something urgent,” he stammered. “The
little dago captain gave out that he sure
couldn’t navigate this river in the dark.
I	though it was you who made him change
his mind.”
  She laughed again at that, though a
good deal of her self-assurance seemed to
have deserted her.
  “That should be my privilege,” she
said. “But Quental is no fool. He knows
his business. You may be sure we shall
reach Nolak soon after midnight.”
  “I’m glad to hear it,” said the other.
“Herr Gottheimer had doubts about it
just now.”
  He had hoped to draw the German into
the conversation; but the worthy Gott-
heimer wasn’t taking any. He looked up,
grunted, and then went on cutting a pine-
apple.
 Suddenly Madame Scala touched
Eade upon an arm.
  “Tell me,” she said. “When we get to
Nolak, you will sleep on board?”
  “Sure,” said he. “Time enough to
look up my cousin in the morning.”
A MOMENT after, complaining of
the heat, she suggested that they
should go on deck.
  And then and there, outside the door
of the saloon, she admitted that she had
not told him the truth.
  “Fernao Quental just does what I tell
him,” she observed. “Charles Cart-
wright’s life is worth a great deal more
than the little Chauve-Souris. But I
would not admit that in front of Herr
Gottheimer, who did not seem to approve
of me.”
  She led the way up the steps to the poop
where there was an iron seat clamped to
the deck. Here she sat down, inviting
Eade to join her.
  “There is plenty of room,” she said.
“And it is cooler here.”
  The last of the daylight still lingered in
the west—a dull, burning streak above the
treetops of the jungle. The flickering
light of a hurricane-lamp fell upon a small
boat, immediately in front of them, sus-
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
143
pended from davits. They could see
nothing else. The Chauve-Souris was
traveling at less than half speed, her
engines rattling like a hundred tin cans
being dragged over stony ground. She
seemed to be gliding through the darkness
as a man swims under water.
  Madame had given John Eade some-
thing to think about. This little,
powdered lady, to all intents and pur-
poses, was master of the ship. So his
cousin’s life was in danger. And she was
going to Nolak especially to see Charles.
Looked like a love affair. Eade was as
curious as ever.
  “And what’s up with Charles?” he
asked. “From all accounts he has been
lost for months. Where has he been to,
and who wants to do him in?”
  “I can not tell you,” she answered.
“Perhaps you will be told everything
when we reach our destination.”
  “If we ever do,” said Eade.
  “Of course we shall get there,” she
laughed. “Little Quental is himself on
the bridge, and he can see in the dark like
a wild cat. He is used to it.”
  “And Gottheimer says we haven’t a
dog’s chance,” said the American.
“There’s no moon until late at night. He
thinks we’ll run aground before that.
And if we do, it looks like a bad business
for Cousin Charles, eh?”
  “I tell you,” she said emphatically,
“Quental can see in the dark. He has run
this ship into worse rivers than this be-
fore now, and with no lights. Indeed, at
one time that was his business. I tell you
that in confidence.”
  “All the same,” insisted Eade, “if my
cousin’s life’s actually in danger, as you
say, it will be a serious thing if we do
come to grief?”
  “There is a boat,” she said. “I expect
you know how to row, and Herr Gott-
heimer, too, if he wishes. We can not
be many miles from Nolak as it is.”
  “If I know anything of discipline on
board a packet like this,” suggested the
American, “there’s likely to be a panic
about nothing. It’s ten to one there’re
no oars in the boat.”
  He could just see enough of her white
face in the lantern light to realize that at
last he had struck home. She looked
genuinely alarmed, and there was a little
catch in her breath.
  “That is perhaps possible,” she ad-
mitted. “Could you manage to see if
everything is all right? It would be so
terrible if I do not get to Nolak tonight.”
  “There should be no great difficulty
about that,” said Eade. “I can catch
hold of the gunwale of the boat and
climb up the rails. But I shall want the
lantern. It’s dark as pitch.”
  He unhooked the lantern which was
suspended at the end of a little deck
storehouse—the worst place in the world
in which to keep provisions in a tropical
country. Eade, who was a tall man,
had no need to climb to the top of the
taffrails to look into the boat. But no
sooner had he done so than he sprang
backward to the deck; while something
that might have been a human panther
alighted almost noiselessly by the side of
him.
IT TOOK him a moment to recover
both his surprise and his balance, for,
wearing patent leather shoes, he had
nearly slipped and fallen. And then he
was aware of the fact that a man was
standing in front of him, but a few inches
away—a man who had been hiding in the
boat.
  “Who the hell are you?” he cried,
raising the lantern which had fortunately
kept alight.
  He stepped back at once—a short,
quick step—and clenched his fist. The
light, had disclosed a tall, good looking
Chinese, with the pale, lemon colored face
of the Cantonese, very black eyes and a
high though slightly receding forehead.
He was wearing a pair of white duck
trousers and a flannel shirt completely
open in front, disclosing smooth, shining
skin.
  The Chinese made no attempt to
answer. He glanced rapidly, with the
look of a hunted thing, from Eade to
Madame Scala, and then for a moment
144
CHARLES GILSON
seemed to consider the advisability of
jumping overboard. From the lady there
came a shriek, not loud, but half sup-
pressed and tremulous, which, however,
suggested the utmost dismay.
  “Mon Dieul” she cried. “Liu Tang!
Le diable! Oh, que faire?”
  At that the Chinese turned to run
for it; and as he did so, John Eade
flew at him like a dog, and caught
him by the throat.
CHAPTER II
THE HELL-BOAT
EADE soon found out that he had
taken on more than he had bar-
gained for. Though the Chinese
was not as tall as himself, and nothing
like so heavy, he was a strong man
and slippery as an eel; and during
the brief struggle he did his best to
get at a naked knife he carried at his
waist belt.
  It was by no means an unfortunate
thing for the American that Madame
Scala’s cry of alarm had the effect of
bringing the little Portuguese captain
down from the bridge like a terrier after
a rat. Eade had put down the hurricane-
lamp, and this gave Quental all the light
he needed. While passing down the deck,
the captain had armed himself with a
belaying pin, and with this he dealt the
Chinese a blow on the head that knocked
him completely out, and very nearly
killed him.
  Eade was glad enough to extricate him-
self with no greater damage done than a
crumpled shirt; for Quental, wild with
excitement, and shouting at the top of his
voice in his own language, had laid about
him right and left, and it was more by
good luck than good management that he
had not floored Eade as well.
  The American got to his feet, shook
himself like a wet dog and then stared at
madame.
  She stood in a tense attitude, her
hands clasped in front of her, her face—
even in that dim light—looking whiter
than ever. He could see that she was
trembling, as if it were only with the
greatest effort that she was able to con-
trol herself.
  “And so you know this man?” he
asked.
  She seemed not to have heard the ques-
tion, until she gave a little start and
slowly turned to Eade.
  “I might have know it,” she said, as if
speaking to herself. “Liu Tang was
certain to have followed me. But how
did he come on board?”
  “Must have climbed on deck last
night,*’ said the other. “He has been
hiding in that boat for nearly twenty-
four hours, under the tarpaulin.”
  “I don’t mean that,” she answered. “I
can not think how he got to Singapore in
time.”
  “Then you know where he came from?”
Eade exclaimed.
  “Helasl” she sighed. “I know that—
to my cost.”
  The Chinaman lay upon the deck,
stiff and straight as a corpse. And there
was a look upon his face that put the
wind up John Eade, who had no
wish to figure in the Malay newspa-
pers as a witness at a trial for man-
slaughter.
  He went down upon his knees and
placed an ear to the unconscious man’s
heart.
  “He’s alive, all right,” said he, with a
sigh of relief. “But if he hasn’t got con-
cussion, the fellow must have a skull like
a flatiron. What do you propose to do
with him now?”
  It was to Quental that he spoke—
Quental, who was leaning right forward
with his elbows on his knees, staring into
the immobile, waxen countenance of the
Chinese. The expression of the little
Portuguese was extraordinary: he looked
half frightened and half jubilant, and he
was panting like a man who has run a
race, his mouth wide open. He still held
the belaying pin in his right hand, and
seemed to be ready, even eager, to use it
again, should his unfortunate victim
move so much as an inch.
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
145
THE SUDDEN crashing of branches
overhead, a kind of roar from the
engine room, accompanied by a
squelching noise as the paddleblades
thrashed heavily into thick, slimy mud—
and then a shock that shook the boat
from stem to stern and hurled the cap-
tain, Eade and Madame Scala to the
deck.
 A moment afterward Quental was
shouting like a maniac.
  “My ship!” he cried. “Finish! One
damn’ serang. Him I leave on the bridge;
and now I am ruined—finish!”
  At that he lapsed into his own lan-
guage, a string of exclamations and oaths
that seemed to Eade to be all one inter-
minable word.
  The little man seemed to have gone
raving mad. He danced upon the deck.
He slobbered at the mouth. And then,
picking up the belaying pin which had
fallen fron his hand, he rushed forward as
if he would again strike the unconscious
Chinese. Indeed, it is possible he might
have done so, had not the American inter-
vened.
  “It is his fault!” Quental gibbered,
getting his words out with difficulty,
rolling his eyes. “This damn’ Liu Tang.
I	tell you, yes!” *
  Then, upon a sudden, he remembered
that his proper place was on the bridge,
that there might yet be a chance of get-
ting the boat clear of the mud into which
all this time she had been ramming her
nose like an old sow at a heap of garbage.
Still shouting at the top of his voice, he
hastened forward, leaving his two passen-
gers alone with the senseless man.
  “And so the worst has happened,” said
Eade, as calmly as he could. “Though it
may not have been the captain’s fault,
this, madame, is what we feared.”
  She stood motionless, biting her painted
lips.
  “Some way must be found,” she said.
“Perhaps Quental will be able to put mat-
ters right. He knows I must get to
Nolak.”
  Then she brought her right hand to her
left shoulder, and Eade saw her wince.
  “You have hurt yourself!” he ex-
claimed.
  “A bruise,” she answered. “When 1
fell, I think, I hit the end of the iron seat.
But that is nothing,” she went on. “It
does not matter.”
  At that moment, the worthy German
appeared on deck, rolling in his gait.
When he had gained the head of the
ladder, the light from the lantern caught
his spectacles and made them look like
little headlights.
  “Did I not this bredict?” he exclaimed.
“Have I not said to dravel by night was
a foolishness? And now we are till
Kingdom Come here stucked in the mud,
and my business goes to die hounds!”
  “Time enough to think about that
later on,” said Eade. “Madame is hurt.
She may even have broken her collar
bone.”
  Gottheimer’s eyes revolved slowly in
the direction of the little French lady.
  “Der gollar bone!” he exclaimed.
“That is der glavicle. Let me see. I was
one time medical student. We go to the
saloon where there is better light.”
  But he had not got half way down ihe
poop steps before he again swelled with
indignation. In his own language, and
under his breath, he went off,with the
lady, abusing Quental in particular and
the whole Portuguese nation in general.
EADE found himself left alone with
the unconscious Chinese. He could
hear the captain shouting on the
bridge, the engines roaring and straining,
the paddle blades lashing and churning
deep into the mud. Nothing much could
be seen, yet Eade was conscious that the
branches of trees overhung the deck, that
rattans were tangled in the rigging; the
atmosphere was foul with the stench of
the mud brought to the surface of the
water.
  Presently the Chinese moved, rolled
his head slowly from one side to the other
and then with some difficulty lifted him-
self upon his elbows, staring at the
American.
  Eade knelt down by his side.
146
CHARLES GILSON
  “Can you speak English?” he asked.
  The man nodded.
  “Then perhaps you’ll answer my ques-
tions now. Where do you come froiri?
And what are you doing on board this
ship? You had best speak the truth!’*
  The Chinese’s eyes narrowed into the
merest slits, though he never shifted his
gaze. He was certainly a handsome fel-
low, though far from pleasant looking.
He looked as if he had about as much pity
and human sympathy in his composition
as a cobra. He replied in almost perfect
English.
  “I tell you nothing until I know who
you are,” said he. “Why should I?”
  “You’re a cool customer, anyway,” said
Eade. “I’m a passenger on board this
ship, if you want to know—and that’s all
you will know. You seem to have for-
gotten that you’re a stowaway, if you
understand what that means.”
  The other laughed—not as a white man
laughs, just a curl of his thin lips and a
kind of snarl.
  “If I wanted to,” said he, “I could take
a first class passage from here to Frisco.
When I travel I please myself.”
  Eade was getting interested. He
wanted to find out more about this ex-
traordinary man,‘who was certainly no
coolie, but a well educated, high class
Chinese. Liu Tang, however, knew how
to keep his own counsel; and it is open to
question whether Eade would have dis-
covered anything more about him that
night, even if Quental had not then re-
turned to the poop, accompanied by his
lascar serang—a gray bearded, barefoot
seaman from the Malabar coast, with a
countenance as brown and wrinkled as a
walnut.
  When Quental saw that Liu Tang was
sitting up, he stepped back quickly and
let out an oath, in a breathless, frightened
voice.
  “Liu Tang, it’s queets now, see?” he
cried. “I pay you back, yes. But you
come aboard my ship without passage
money. I put you in irons, savvy? I
gotta the law my side, Liu Tang. Hands
up, or I shoot you, presto!”
  As he spoke, he produced from out of
his coat pocket a huge revolver, the big-
gest Eade had ever seen in his life.
Whether or not the little Portuguese was
capable of using it to any good effect was
another question, for the American ob-
served that Quental’s hand was trembling,
and though his words were brave enough,
there had been a distinct quaver in his
voice.
  The Chinese, on the other hand, re-
garded the captain with the utmost
scorn. In the lamplight his features were
seen to assume a sneer in which there was
as much amusement as contempt. At the
same time, he did what he was told,
though it was only with the greatest
difficulty that he succeeded in holding up
his hands.
  Drawing himself into an upright posi-
tion, still sitting on the deck, he swayed
slightly from side to side, as if he were
still dizzy. Quental, with his revolver
leveled at Liu Tang, gave orders to the
serang who, with the deft hands of a
sailor, quickly knotted the two wrists
together after he had lowered both arms
behind the Chinese’s back.
  “Now you queeck march,” said Quen-
tal. “You gotta get up, or I shoot.
Lock you up in a safe place, Liu Tang. I
gotta the law; you not forget that. I
queeck settle a Chinese stowaway. You
not do what I say, and I punch a hole
right through your stomach, savvy?”
  AGAIN EADE feared for the China-
man’s life; for Quental was so
obviously frightened that he
might let off the gun by mistake at any
moment. For the time being, most of
Eade’s sympathy was on the side of the
unfortunate Liu Tang.
  “Hold hard a bit!” he intervened.
“The fellow can’t get up. Guess he’s half
asleep still, and his head sings like a kettle.
If you want to lock the poor devil up, I
suppose you’re within your rights; but
give him a chance, Captain. You can’t
hit a man when he’s down.”
  “Give him chance!” Quental almost
screamed. “That yellow devil! Much
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
147
chance he give me. I gotta him now; you
make no mistake, mister.”
  Disregarding the Portuguese, and rea-
lizing that his own life was in no little
danger, Eade placed his forearms under
the Chinese’s armpits and lifted him
into a standing position. And even then
Liu Tang staggered like a drunken man,
though he had Eade on one side of him
and the serang upon the other.
  They led him to a small cubbyhole
alongside the cook’s galley. The place
was unlighted and unventilated, and half
filled with all sorts of odds and ends such
as coils of rope, paint pots and brushes,
oilcans, brooms and holystones. Quental
pushed the Chinese over the threshold,
then slammed the door, locked it and put
the key in his pocket. Then he looked
round at Eade and grinned, showing
yellow, dirty teeth.
  “Gotta him!” he repeated. “Mister,
one good night’s work, yes!”
 “And what about the ship?” asked
Eade. “Are we here for good? Will we
want a tug to pull us off, or can you
manage it yourself?”
  The fact that the engines had been
silent for some minutes had made Eade
think that perhaps Gottheimer was right,
and they would never get up to Nolak.
  Quental shrugged his shoulders.
  “Much dark now,” said he. “The mast
has fouled the trees, mister. Bimeby,
when daylight come I think we got off.
The tide up then and that make plenty
difference. You trust me, mister. I
not want lose my ship.
  “Well,” said the other, “and are you
going to leave that fellow in there all
night?”
  “More safer place for him,” said Quen-
tal. “You not know him, mister, same
like me. Best thing for you, you go to
sleep. No one come up this river. We
gotta wait.”
AS IT WAS still quite early, Eade had
/-\ no desire to turn in. He went on
to the main deck and lit a cigar,
and was there joined after a few minutes
by both Madame Scala and Gottheimer,
who announced that there was nothing
the matter with the lady’s shoulder be-
yond a severe contusion.
  The three talked for a while on general
topics, Gottheimer becoming almost
amiable. And then Madame Scala de-
clared that she had no intention of sleep-
ing anywhere but on deck, as below there
was not a breath of air to breathe. In-
deed, she had already given orders to the
Chinese steward to bring up her mattress
and blankets.
  As Gottheimer refused to follow her
example, saying that he would rather
sleep in an oven than be eaten alive by
mosquitoes—John Eade was left in a
predicament. He knew that he would
never get a wink of sleep in his cabin;
but, on the other hand, his inexperience
of the East led him to think that he
ought to consider the proprieties.
 When Madame Scala went below to
undress, Eade decided to make the most
of the few minutes that were left to him
and finish his cigar on the poop, wh'ch,
being well out toward midstream, seemed
to be the coolest part of the ship.
  There the hurricane lamp was still
burning where he himself had placed it on
the deck; and there, too, lay the curved
knife that had dropped from Liu Tang’s
hand when Quental knocked him down.
Eade picked up that knife and looked at
it. It was a murderous looking weapon
with a long thin blade and sharp as a
razor.
  The crew seemed to have turned in.
Quental had himself disappeared, prob-
ably into his cabin. Eade threw the knife
down, the sharp point sticking in the hard
teak boards, the ivory handle vibrating
like a tuning fork. That made him thank
his stars that he had managed to hang on
to the Chinese during their struggle. If
Liu Tang had got a hand free with that
knife, it would have been all up with
John Eade.
  He sat down on the iron seat where he
had sat with Madame Scala, and tried to
think the matter out. He wondered who
the devil this Liu Tang was. He had
evidently come on board the Chauve-
148
CHARLES GILSON
Souris with a definite purpose; and the
purpose of a man who carried a weapon
like that was not likely to be philan-
thropic.
  Anyway, both the Portuguese captain
and the little French lady knew very Well
who he was—though they preferred to
keep their knowledge to themselves.
  Eade got to his feet and stretched
himself. The mosquitoes were singing
about his ears, though the smoke of his
cigar kept them at a safe distance. Well,
tomorrow, whether or not Quental suc-
ceeded in getting the boat off the mud,
he would make it his business to find out
everything he could. And, if they would
tell him nothing, he would make in-
quiries at Nolak. It was more than
likely that his cousin, Charles Cart-
wright, would be able to clear things up.
  With that reflection, and remembering
that the lady proposed to monopolize the
deck for the night, he resolved to turn in.
And at the foot of the steps on the after-
well deck, he came face to face with
madame herself.
  She was dressed in pajamas of dark
silk, and was smoking a cigaret in a long
holder, and in her right hand she carried
an electric torch.
  The Chinese steward came out of the
darkness behind her like a ghostly, shape-
less bundle. He was loaded up with a
mattress and blankets; and little of him
was visible, except the ends of his white
baggy trousers and his soft felt shoes.
  “You’re not afraid of the mosquitoes?”
Eade asked her.
  “Oh, no,” she smiled. “I am used to
them. Like human beings, they have
their preferences. And, besides, there
comes a time when one is almost im-
mune. I have lived in the East too many
years.”
  She tripped up the few steps that led to
the poop, where Eade heard her giving
her instructions to the boy as to exactly
where he was to spread her mattress.
And then, suddenly, he remembered the
knife that he had left on the deck. He
had noticed that she had nothing on her
feet but a pair of silk bedroom slippers,
through which the sharp blade of that
bloodthirsty weapon would slice like a
razor.
  “Look out for that Chinaman’s knife!”
he cried. “I left it up there. I ought to
have taken it away.”
  She came to the rails above the well-
deck and looked down at him.
  “That is all right,” she laughed. “I
have found it and put it on the seat.
Quental tells me that Liu Tang is safely
under lock and key. That is well—well
for us all—and your cousin, Charles,” she
added. “Sleep well, my good American.
You will find it hot in your cabin. If you
are wise, you also will come on deck.”
 “Tell me,” he asked, “aren’t you
frightened to sleep there—almost in the
jungle.”
  She laughed again.
  “I do not fear the jungle,” she said.
“Do not think that I am nervous because
I was afraid of Liu Tang. ”
SHE DISAPPEARED, and Eade
turned and walked amidships. Un-
der the bridge there was a light in
the captain’s cabin; and looking in
through the porthole which gave upon the
main deck, he could see Quental stretched
out upon his bunk, wearing a suit of very
dirty pajamas, uncovered by either
blanket or sheet.
  If John Eade was going to get at the
truth, why not now? Why shouldn’t he
wake the man up and insist upon knowing
why Quental had risked his ship, why he
had wanted to kill Liu Tang, and who
Liu Tang was? Eade was dead sure that
somehow or other his cousin was mixed up
in this affair. And, besides, the Portu-
guese was interfering with the liberty of
a citizen of the United States. You
couldn’t put a patron to great personal in-
convenience and refuse to give a reason.
  Eade tried the door, and found it both
locked and bolted on the inner side.
Seizing the handle with both hands, he
shook it violently, using all his strength,
hoping that the noise would wake the
sleeper.
  Then he went back to the porthole and
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
149
saw the reason why Quental would not
wake up. The man lay with his eyes
closed and his mouth wide open. For the
first time he noticed a sharp, pungent
smell that issued through the porthole,
and, lying on the floor in front of the
berth, he saw an ivory opium pipe. Upon
a little table at the bedside was a china
bowl in which was a kind of skewer and a
small spirit lamp that was still alight.
  “Guess he thought he wanted some-
thing to calm his nerves,” said John
Eade to himself. “I thought he was an
opium smoker the moment I saw him.
Darned fool!”
  With that reflection he went below.
There was no one to be seen on deck,
not even a night watch. The serang, too,
had apparently turned in.
  He found the heat in his cabin almost
insufferable—a kind of wet heat that
caused a man to perspire, though he
never moved a little finger. The prox-
imity of the engine room made matters
worse, though the atmosphere of the night
itself was like that of a vapor bath.
 The cabin porthole was open when
Eade undressed. He could see nothing
without, though he was conscious that the
thickets and undergrowth of the jungle
were tangled and massed against the very
side of the ship. He could hear noises,
too, continuous and, to him, more or less
inexplicable: the ceaseless droning of in-
sects, movements in the water, the stir-
ring of animals in the tree-tops.
  He put out the oil lamp which tended
to make the room even hotter than it was,
and for more than an hour tried in vain
to get to sleep. The situation was novel
enough to his experience, quite apart
from the heat. The little ship on which
he found himself was a kind of floating
mystery: an opium drugged captain; a
little French woman, painted, fascinating
and playing some deep game of her own;
and finally, a murderous Chinese, with
the features of Milton’s Satan and the
manners of a cultured man, who had got
on board as a stowaway!
  He had made neither head nor tail of
the whole thing when he drifted into a
kind of semi-conscious condition that was
neither sleep nor wakefulness. He was
aware that he tossed continually from
one side of his bunk to the other, that
oncq or twice he groaned aloud, and
probably swore.
  There were brief intervals, however,
when he actually did sleep; and from one
of these intermittent dozes he awakened
with a start, springing from his berth, to
find himself standing trembling in the
middle of the little cabin.
  There was a crash in the jungle outside
the porthole, a crash followed by a half
smothered, guttural exclamation that
might have been an oath. He heard bare
feet running lightly, swiftly, on the deck
above him. And then, other sounds in
the jungle—the breaking of a rotten
branch, a splash in the water, and lastly,
a momentary flash, like some gigantic
will-o’-the-wisp.
JOHN EADE didn’t know why he was
trembling. He had an idea that
something terrible had happened,
which might have seemed terrible only
because it had got mixed up with
something in his dreams—something he
couldn’t remember. It took him a mo-
ment to realize that he wasn’t wholly
awake; and then, for a few seconds, he
was inclined to believe that everything
had been only imagination.
  He stood listening, and could hear
nothing. The jungle was silent now,
except for the insects. He could hear no
one moving anywhere on board. No
sound but the throbbing of the running
engines.
  Fumbling, he found a box of matches,
and lit the lamp. Then he thought that
he had best look over the ship, to see if
everything was all right. He felt ill at
ease; and a breath of air, at any rate,
would do him good.
  Hastily putting on a pair of slippers, he
left his cabin, and passed along the alley-
way by the engine room to the after well-
deck. There was a sort of moon now, a
blurred light in the sky behind the mist.
As soon as his eyes had grown accustomed
150
CHARLES GILSON
to the darkness he could make out the
dark trees of the jungle. The hurricane-
lamp was still burning on the poop, where
Madame Scala—he presumed—was
asleep.	*	j
 And then, he saw something that
warned him that she couldn’t be asleep.
From where he stood he could just see the
poop deck, upon which two blankets lay
wide apart and well away from the
mattress, as if they had been cast hur-
riedly aside.
  He was up the steps like a streak of
lightning. There was no sign of the little
woman there, though he looked every-
where with the help of the lantern. And
not only was she gone, but Liu Tang’s
knife had also disappeared from where
Madame Scala had said she had put it—
on the iron seat aft of the deckhouse.
 Something was wrong—perhaps a
tragedy had taken place! He must report
at once to Quental. Even then, as he
hurried for’ard, it occurred to him that
the Chinese might have escaped.
  He came breathless to the captain’s
cabin; in it there was still a light. As be-
fore, he looked in through the porthole,
and there Fernao Quental lay in much
the same attitude as before. His head
had fallen a little further back; his mouth
was even more wide open, and one of his
arms hung over the edge of the bunk, the
hand touching the floor.
  Drugged senseless! Oblivious to the
world of sentient things. Dreaming, per-
haps, in blissful inconsequence and confu-
sion. That much, at least, was sugges-
ted by the expression on his face—the
lips drawn back upon the teeth, lines at
the corners of the eyes. He was like a man
who would laugh aloud, had laughed not
demanded a certain physical effort that
was beyond him. A voluptuary who re-
posed in some Garden of Armida of his
own conception, or who floated upon
wings of down through space, like Helios
in his golden boat—and there above him,
not an inch from his head, driven deep
into the woodwork of the cabin, was the
gleaming blade of a knife.
  Eade knew that knife at a glance. He
recognized the ivory handle. It must
have been hurled through the porthole
with terrific force, for the sharp point was
an inch deep in the wood; and the blade
had missed Quental’s skull by the breadth
of a little finger. While the man’s sub-
conscious self drifted through an under-
world of intangible delights, his physical
body had tottered and quavered on the
very brink of the grave.
  Eade drew back, conscious of alarm,
unanswerable questions revolving in his
brain like changing colors before the eyes
of a man who has stared at too bright a
light. Where was Madame Scala? Dead?
In the river—to be dragged from the mud
by the crocodiles?
  He still had the hurricane-lamp that he
had brought with him from the poop.
Pulling himself together with an effort,
he went down the companionway to the
cook’s galley, to the little cubbyhole in
which he had seen Quental lock up the
Chinese, Liu Tang.
  Sure enough, the door was open. He
hadn’t expected anything else. The lock
had been picked with a stiff piece of wire
that the Chinese had not even troubled
to remove from the keyhole.
  For a moment Eade stood half dazed.
He found it difficult to think. Somehow
he remembered Gottheimer’s phrase; he
had come on board a “hell-boat.” The
steaming heat, the surrounding im-
penetrable darkness, the very silence
punctuated by spasmodic, metallic groan-
ings from the engine room—all served to
foster the illusion. He was stranded on
the Styx.
CHAPTER III
QUENTAL BECOMES CONFIDENTIAL
EADE’S thoughts flew back to
Madame Scala. He remembered
her fear of the Chinese, her pal-
pable and abject terror when she had
first seen the man, who for some time
during that night had been at large on
board the Chauve-Souris.
  If, dead or alive, she were yet any-
where in the ship, she must be found.
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
151
Somehow or other he must wake Quental,
who was the only man on board who
knew the truth.
  In something not far from panic the
American returned to the deck and again
made frantic efforts to break into the
captain’s cabin. Failing both in that and
in getting any sign of life out of the
drugged, unconscious man, though he
shouted through the porthole at the top
of his voice, he hastened for’ard. He
walked rapidly, without the least effort,
though limbs felt heavy as lead—more
or less as a man thinks he walks in a
nightmare. When he came to the fore-
castle he groped his way in the darkness,
his nostrils offended by every conceivable
smell that ever came out of the East.
  Quental’s crew had been made up of
lascars, Malays and Chinese. Here were
the composite odors of tar and opium, of
rotten fish and ghee, of garlic and per-
spiration, mingled with human breath
scented with bctelnut.
  Eade struck his head against an iron
stanchion; and then, stumbling over a
box, saved himself from falling only by
bringing a hand down violently upon a
greasy, naked chest.
  There was an oath. At once the place
was Babel. Eade ‘shouted in English,
and although they couldn’t understand
him, they recognized the language; and
it was that alone, perhaps, that saved
him from a knife.
  When a lantern was lit, he saw and
recognized the serang, to whom he was
able to make himself intelligible, since
the lascar boatswain had served on board
a British ship plying between London and
Bombay.
  “Come here,” said he. “I want you.”
 The man followed him to the main
deck. He heard what had happened
without emotion, though he nodded his
head from time to time to let the Ameri-
can know that he understood. It took
Eade a long time to impress upon the
lascar the importance, even the necessity,
of waking up the captain, and that with-
out delay.
  With some reluctance the serang went
back to the forecastle, to return in less
than a minute carrying an ax and ac-
companied by several inquisitive mem-
bers-of the crew. For all that, he dared
not break down the door himself, but left
that to Eade.
  One blow was enough to shatter the
lock and splinter the woodwork of the
jamb. The noise caused Quental to sit up
and half open his eyes. When Eade
entered the cabin, the captain looked at
him with a dazed, silly expression.
  John Eade caught the Portuguese by
the shoulders and shook him so violently
that his head rocked backward and for-
ward on a limp, scraggy neck, rather like
that of a dead fowl.
  “Pull yourself together, you darned
fool!” he cried. “Look at that knife, and
realize that you’re lucky to be alive.
More than that, Madame Scala has
vanished and that Chinaman has
escaped!”
  These three items of stupendous news
took time to filter into Quental’s drugged
and sluggish brain. He stared at the
knife with an inane expression, and then
gave a kind of snigger, proving thereby
that even yet he failed to realize its
significance.
  Eade repeated what he had said, shout-
ing word for word in the captain’s ear,
Quental now sitting up upon his bunk
with his dirty, skinny feet upon the floor.
  “Liu Tang!” he exclaimed at last.
“Escaped! Mister, I think you make
joke, yes?”
  He had gone white in the face.
  Eade seized him by a wrist and dragged
him to his feet.
  “Come and see for yourself,” said he.
“You’ll come to your senses all right,
when you get the shock of your life.”
FORCIBLY he dragged the captain
along the deck of his own ship, and
then pushed him stumbling down
the companionway. The exercise had the
desired effect: Quental began to regain
the use of his limbs, his memory and his
voice. When he saw the open door of the
cubbyhole, it was as if he had received a
152
CHARLES GILSON
violent blow in the pit of the stomach,
for he gasped and leaned back against the
wall of the alleyway, breathing heavily.
  He mumbled a few words in his own
language—oaths, probably—or invoca-
tions to the saints. Then he realized that
he would have to be practical, that some-
thing would have to be done.
  “Madame!” he cried. “You say she
gone?”
  “I left her on the poop,” said the other,
“where she said she was going to sleep.
She isn’t there now; and so far as I can
see she’s nowhere on board.”
  Quental, still leaning against the wall,
began to gnaw his fingernails.
  “Liu Tang wouldn’t kill her!” he
shivered. “Scala not let him.”
  At the same time Eade could not fail
to detect a want of confidence in his
voice. The man was not so much stating
a fact, as asking himself a question.
Suddenly Quental flew into a temper.
The vital part of him revived. Straight-
ening himself, trembling all over, he
stamped with his bare feet like a bad
tempered child.
  “Your fault, mister!” he cried. “I kill
Liu Tang, if you no stop me. Now I
gotta pay for it. Liu Tang not miss
another.time. Oh, mister, Fernao Quen-
tal and dead man—all same thing,
savvy?”
  His rage was snuffed out of him like
a candle, and he was on the point of
blubbering, when Eade again seized him
by the shoulders.
  “Try to be a man!” he cried, “or as
near to it as you can get. You’re in com-
mand of this ship, aren’t you? Well, get
a move on! Have the boat searched from
stem to stern. For all you or I know, the
lady may still be somewhere on board.
YotF don’t even know that that China-
man himself isn’t hiding somewhere.”
That startled Quental again; but a
moment after, he slowly shook his head,
half despondent, half relieved.
  “Damn’ sure thing him go,” he ob-
served.) “Liu Tang gone into jungle. Was
madame dressed?”
  “Pajamas,” said Eade. “And silk slip-
pers. Old Gottheimer wasn’t far wrong
when he called this thing a hell-boat!”
  Quental climbed up the companionway,
sagging at the knees, as if all the strength
had gone out of him, half pulling himself
up by grasping the brass rail.
  On deck he found the serang and gave
him his orders. The whole crew was now
on the main deck, several with lanterns,
With the light on their faces they looked
a strange collection—every cast of counte-
nance the Malay States can produce;
some evil, some fierce, many grinning, all
curious.
DURING the next five minutes a
systematic search was made from
one end of the paddle-boat to the
other. Even the engine room was not
neglected. And then the serang returned
to the main deck, saluted and reported
that no trace of either the lady or the
Chinese could be found.
  Quental looked at Eade, his jaw
dropped, his eyes staring. As before, his
first thought was for his own safety.
  “Mister,” said he, in a hushed, tremu-
lous voice, “if we not getta the boat off
the mud, perhaps Liu Tang come back
again!”
  “Look here,” said the American, “it’s
about time I knew the truth. And I’m
going to get it! You knew this Liu Tang
before ever he came on board this ship.
Just you tell me where?”
  “In Singan,” said Quental, hanging his
head.
  “And where’s that?”
  “Island, mister,” said the captain.
“Macassar Straits, ’tween Celebes and
Borneo.”
  “And did Madame Scala come from
there?”
  The captain hesitated, shifting upon his
feet, and again began to bite his finger-
nails.
  “Come on!” cried the American.
“Speak out! Did Madame Scala come
from this place, Singan? I have a sort of
idea she did.”
  “That’s right, mister,” Quental con-
fessed.
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
153
  “And who is she?”
  “Wife of Battista Scala, mister; the
daughter of Bernard Le Camus.”
   “Is this Battista Scala still alive?"
   Quental shrugged his shoulders.
  “May be, mister; may not be. In a
place like Singan, a man may die any
minute—when there ’re ver’ many who
wisha him dead.”
  “And what do all these people do, on
an island away out in the Macassar
Straits?”
   The captain leered, as if to give the sug-
gestion that he was no such fool as his
interrogator thought him.
  “I know better than to say that,” said
he. “I no ask your business, mister. I
think best I know nothing about what
happen in Singan, savvy?”
  Eade was silent a moment. He had
already found out more than he had ex-
pected, and realized the advisability of
not appearing merely inquisitive. For a
few moments he considered possibilities.
  “Come, tell me,” he asked, “did you
ever come across a man in Singan of the
name of Charles Cartwright?”
  “ ’Course, mister,” said the other.
“That man the bottom of all the dam’
trouble. We gotta him away, when
Scala want his blood. I no go back there
after that. I gotta more dam’ sense.”
“Did any one else help Cartwright to
escape?”
  “Yes. Madame Scala. I betta Liu
Tang come ’board my ship killa me and
try find Cartwright.”
  At that John Eade received some-
thing in the nature of a shock.
  “Do you know,” he exclaimed, “that
Charles Cartwright—who is my cousin—
is up at Nolak now?”
  Quental looked up quickly.
  “So, mister!” said he, appearing more
or less unconcerned. “Then he good as
dead man already.” And then the recol-
lection of his own narrow escape caused
him to shiver. “Thank God I locka my
door!” he exclaimed. “Lui Tang couldn’t
get in my cabin. I think he gotta very
little time to spare. That’s why he make
throw the knife through porthole.”
  “And who is this Liu Tang?” asked
Eade.
  “He do alia dirty jobs for Battista
Scala,” said Quental. “They work to-
gether, mister—handa glove, as you say.
Nobody care what they do in Singan.”
  “And who’s the other man you men-
tioned?” Eade went on with his question-
ing. “You spoke of a certain Bernard
Le Camus as being Madame Scala’s
father. What’s his business on this out of
the way island?”
  Quental held up a dirty thumb, and
then pointed it downward to the deck,
after the manner of a spectator in a
Roman amphitheater.
  “Scala gotta Le Camus just like that,”
said he. “Yes, mister. Old man can do
nothing. They drugga him; all time he
smoka opium. He’s frightened of Scala
same like everybody else. Battista
Scala ver’ handsome, ver’ strong, big
man. Ver’ fond women—all kinds, yes.
But he much love his wife, and she no
afraid of him. I seen that, mister, plenty
time.”
  “Anyway,” suggested Eade, “looks as
if she has run away from her husband
now?”
  “May be,” said the other. “I think
she kinda caught on to this Cartwright.
He never gotta away from Singan,
mister, if it no been for Madame Scala.
Scala savvy that. That’s why Liu Tang
come after her and Cartwright.”
EADE sighed. On the face of things,
it looked as if he would never set
on his cousin alive. At any rate, if
anything could be done to save Charles,
there was no time to waste; it was a dead
sure thing that the Chinese had gone
overboard into the jungle.
  “Well, Captain Quental,” said he,
“I’m much obliged to you for your con-
fidence. You and I ought to work to-
gether. I may tell you that, if you can
do anything to save my cousin’s life you’ll
not regret it. I came out here specially to
find him.”
  “I no think you will,” said the Portu-
guese, with a degree of finality that was
154
CHARLES GILSON
not a little disconcerting. “Liu Tang,
he getta up to Nolak all right. He
knows this dam’ country, and speak
Malay.”
  “There’s the boat,” said Eade. “I’m
ready to go up the river and can start at
once. I can kill two birds with one stone,
so to speak—warn my cousin that his
life’s in danger and get whatever help I
can for you.”
  Quental thought for a moment. To
some extent he had regained his presence
of mind, but he still greatly agitated.
Never for long could he go without biting
his nails, and he kept glancing nervously
from one side to the other, as if he sus-
pected that some one might spring at
him at any moment.
  “You getta upstream in boat, mister.
I give you two good men to row. You
can’t miss Nolak—only few miles away.”
As soon as he had given his orders to
the serang he went back to his whining
and reproaches.
  “I killa that dam’ Chinaman if you not
stop me, presto,” he complained. “If
you finda your cousin with throat cut,
your fault, mister.”
  “Oh, dry up!” cried Eade, losing all
patience with the man. “How long be-
fore daylight? If you lose no time in
lowering the boat, I might get to Nolak
before Liu Tang. At any rate there may
be a chance.”
  Quental shrugged his shoulders.
  “The boat alia ready, mister, soon’s
you are,” said he. “I think, ver’ like I
getta the boat off the mud under her own
steam when the tide’s up.”
  “Tell me what you really think,” asked
Eade. “What’s become of madame?”
“Looks like she’s dead, mister. If she
try make the alarm, Liu Tang perhaps
killa her and throw body overboard.”
Eade strode into the captain’s cabin
and, using all his strength, wrenched the
knife out of the wooden wall.
“There’s no blood on this,” said he.
“That make proof nothing,” said
Quental. “She cry out, Liu Tang catch
hold her throat, strangle her, presto.
Easy work—and ver’ quick.”
EADE shuddered as he went below
to his cabin. He had certainly
heard a splash in the water. Could
that have been Madame Scala’s dead
body? He couldn’t believe that true—
the little woman to whom he had talked
at dinner but a few hours before, who had
rather fascinated him. If this was the
East, he thanked God he didn’t have to
live in the country.
 He was sweating profusely as he
scrambled into his clothes. Before he left
his cabin he took the precaution of put-
ting a small automatic pistol into one of
his pockets and a handful of cartridges
into the other.
  Five minutes later, he was swinging
through the darkness up the river, the
silence disturbed only by the sweep of the
oars in the strong hands of two lascar
seamen.
  He made no attempt to steer. Seated
in the stern, he held the rudder taut, and
left the boat in charge of the two oarsmen,
each of whom glanced repeatedly from
side to side, whispering directions to one
another. There was a moon now,
screened by a thick, watery mist; as the
river narrowed, the branches of the tall
tapang trees on both sides almost touched
overhead.
 To John Eade minutes seemed like
hours. With the approach of dawn there
came a cool damp breeze that caused the
foliage in the jungle to rustle—an un-
canny sound because it was indefinite and
yet everywhere. The perspiration with
which his shirt was saturated quite sud-
denly became cold, and he began to
shiver, his teeth chattering, and he could
feel his heartbeats racing and his throat
dry as sand.
CHAPTER IV
in Cartwright’s bungalow
HE APPROACH of daylight
brought John L. Eade to the reali-
zation of two very different facts—
the superb beauty of the Malay jungle
and the. circumstance that he had con-
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
155
tracted a chill. And strangely enough,
the one seemed to be not altogether dis-
connected with the other. The very
fact that he knew himself to be feverish
seemed in some way to account for the
exotic scenery, the profuse extravagance
and variety of the vegetation. Here was
something that he had never experienced
in his life before, something altogether
different from the American forests or the
Australian bush.
 The prodigality of Nature almost
frightened him. Looking upward into
the density of the undergrowth almost
from the level of the water, he thought
the jungle more amazing, even more
savage looking and impenetrable, than
when he had seen it from the deck of the
Chauve-Souris.
  There was something not real about it
all, something in keeping with his fevered
blood and quickening pulse. The two
lascars now looked neither to the right nor
left. With short, quick strokes they
plied their oars in unison, the sweat
dripping from beneath their faded blue
turbans, while they muttered, rather than
sang, a haunting song, so monotonous in
its melody and so repetitious in its words
that to Eade it was like the persistent
beating of a tomtom.
  Beyond a sharp, almost right-angle
bend, the river broadened out to more
than three times its former width; and
there, upon the left bank, was Nolak—or
at least enough evidence to prove to Eade
that he had reached his destination.
  Three bamboo jetties projected into
the water, between which were clustered
some score of native craft, river proas and
canoes. As the boat drew nearer, two or
three aitap thatched bungalows came into
view, standing upon high ground half
cleared of trees, about a quarter of a mile
from the river bank. One of them stood
out upon the skyline against the red of
dawn; with its floor raised about six feet
above the ground, supported upon strong
poles, it looked like some quaint, gigantic,
prehistoric insect standing upright upon
stiff, jointless legs.
  To the left of this was an open clearing
across which ran a broad, well made road
of red gravel that ascended another hill-
ock, more or less devoid of vegetation
save for a few scattered palm trees, be-
neath which were several barrack-like
buildings constructed of wood and also
thatched with palm leaves, all exactly
similar in their dimensions, and so
arranged that they formed two lateral
streets.
  Upon the same hillside were scores of
chickens and goats, while here and there
among the huts native women and chil-
dren were to be seen, the former gossiping
in groups. These were women of all ages,
dressed in flowing, dirty robes that de-
pended from the left shoulder. The hair
of many hung down to below their
waists, and their skin was black as jet.
  On the far side of the clearing, imme-
diately facing the jetties, was a long low
building that was evidently a factory and
drying shed; and not far from this were
one or two smaller and better built
houses that had the unmistakable ap-
pearance of offices. Beyond the factory,
between the two hillocks, one could ob-
tain a glimpse of the gently rising ground
that marked a plantation of young rubber
trees, where a gang of coolies was to be
seen at work.
THE LASCARS ran the boat along-
side the central jetty, and then,
shipping their oars, produced dirty
looking bundles that contained a mixture
of rice and fish, which they proceeded to
eat by the primitive method of scooping
it into their mouths with their fingers.
They had fulfilled their part of the trans-
action. They were no longer concerned
w'ith John Eade. Having infinite respect
for the capacities of the white man, whose
ways were not their ways, who was in all
things incomprehensible, they were not
even curious.
  Eade climbed out of the boat, the
rickety jetty creaking and swaying be-
neath his weight. He had not the least
idea where to go, but had little doubt that
sooner or later he would come across
some one who could tell him where he
156
CHARLES GILSON
would find Charles Cartwright or the
manager of the estate.
  Three or four Tamil children, playing
with empty coconut shells in a puddle of
mud, desisted from their game to stare at
him in awed astonishment. A little
farther on he came across a Chinese, who
could give him no better information
than a “No savvy!” and a look of con-
tempt. The offices appeared to be de-
serted, until Eade entered without knock-
ing a small room in which an Indian clerk,
dressed in a white duck suit that looked
much too tight for comfort and wearing a
white sun helmet well on the back of his
head, was seated writing at a desk.
  “Can you tell me, please,” asked the
American, “if I shall find a Mr. Charles
Cartwright here?”
  The clerk, who was a Telegu, a Hindu
and a person of no little importance in his
own estimation—if in nobody’s else—got
to his feet.
  “An affirmative reply, sir,” he ex-
claimed, with a heartiness that almost
took Eade’s breath away. “Mr. Cart-
wright has the responsible charge of
Number Two division. A considerable
mileage from headquarters even as the
crow flies. But I can send out for him,
if your esteemed business is at all pre-
cipitous?”
  He was too concerned with his cousin’s
safety to note the man’s extraordinary
choice of words.
  “Is Mr. Cartwright’s bungalow far
from here?” he asked.
  The Telegu pointed out of the window,
toward the hill downstream upon which
Eade had seen the bungalows.
  “The second of those residences, sir,
is officially deputed to the assistant
manager responsible for division Num-
ber Two.”
  “At what time should Mr. Cartwright
have left his bungalow this morning?”
“At a quarter to five, sir, though of
course some procrastination may have
unavoidably delayed him.”
  Eade thought for a moment, his fingers
to his lips.
  “It would be dark then,” said he, as if
to himself, and then to the clerk, “Do
you know for a fact that Mr. Cartwright
did go out to the estate this morning?”
The Telegu stared at him in astonish-
ment, his sleepy eyes opening sufficiently
to display white rims of eyeballs. At the
same time he leaned forward on the table;
and the American noticed his refined, al-
most feminine hands, the tapering fingers
terminating in lead coloured finger nails.
  “I see, sir, you anticipate some bitter
pill,” the clerk interposed.
  “Sure,” said the other. “Mr. Cart-
wright is my cousin. I’ve come out from
the United States to find him; and while
on my way up this river I learned that
his life is in very serious danger.”
  The Telegu threw up his hands, pal-
pably alarmed.
  “You don’t say so,” he exclaimed.
“Sir, that is almost well nigh inconceiv-
able. Mr. Cartwright is so jolly popular.
By gosh, sir, you have indeed hurled a
blue bolt at me!”
  “Look here,” said Eade, “you and I had
better go up to Mr. Cartwright’s bunga-
low right now. It may startle you to hear
it, but there’s some reason to fear that
the worst has happened. He may have
been murdered during the night.”
  The clerk flew to the door.
  “Sir, I stir my stumps!” he cried. And
then, suddenly looking frightened again,
he hesitated. “You have a weapon?” he
asked.
  Eade produced his automatic, the sight
of which gave the man some confidence.
  “In an uncivilized vicinity,” said he,
“self-defense is a good egg. You may take
my word for that, sir.”
ON THE WAY up the hill, along
the broad, red road, he plied Eade
with questions. The American
told the clerk that the boat on which he
had come upriver lay stranded some miles
downstream, and that a Chinese stowa-
way had gone overboard into the jungle
with the deliberate intention of getting
to Nolak to murder Cartwright. When
he had left the ship, the man had cer-
tainly been unarmed; but if there were
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
157
villages in the jungle, he might have got
hold of a Malay kris en route.
  “There is no Malay village anywhere
approximate,” said the Telegu. “Farther
back in the hills there are Orang Benua—
dirty black men, sir,” he added.
  The tones of his voice suggested the
utmost contempt and disgust. Eade re-
garded him with surprised amusement,
for the clerk’s complexion was a rich
chocolate brown.
  At the top of the hill the road was over-
hung by palm trees. On the right was a
row of four or five bungalows, each sur-
rounded by its own garden, a lawn of well-
mown kiss grass and formal beds, gay
with tropical flowers. The veranda of
each bungalow was decorated with orchids
in hanging baskets, as well as with various
kinds of trailing plants and ferns.
  The Telegu halted at the bottom of the
steps of the second bungalow. He was
plainly scared; there was a kind of leaden
color about his gills, and he kept tugging
nervously at his long mustache.
  “After you, sir,” he bowed. “Pray go
first. Let us hope there’s no fat in the
fish kettle,” he observed. “That would
be terrible!”
 Eade was wise enough to take his
automatic from his* pocket before he
ascended the steps to the veranda. He
had seen enough of Liu Tang to be pre-
pared to shoot at sight!
  The bungalow consisted of but three
rooms—a long oblong room that extended
across the whole front and two smaller
rooms at the back, each having doors into
the front room and connecting one with
another. The big room was furnished as a
sitting and dining room, the chairs being
basketwork. Of the two rooms at the
back, one was Charles Cartwright’s bed-
room, and the other, a guest room from
which there were steps that descended to
a bathroom below the floor.
  While Eade searched the place cau-
tiously on tiptoe, the Telegu waited at
the head of the steps apparently ready to
fly for his life at the first sign of danger.
  Neither in the sitting room nor in Cart-
wright’s bedroom was there any sign of
life, save scores of lizards upon both the
walls and the canvas ceiling that sagged
under the attap roof. But in the other
room he came unexpectedly upon a
Chinese coolie seated on an empty pack-
ing case, whitening a pair of tennis shoes,
who was startled out of his life at the
sight of an armed intruder. Failing to
make the boy understand a word he said,
Eade returned to the doorway and man-
aged to persuade the clerk to enter. The
Telegu came in shivering, glancing about
him nervously and with his back to a wall,
moving sidewise like a crab.
  When he saw the coolie, who could not
have been much more than sixteen years
of age, he immediately gained confidence,
asked him one or two questions in the
dictatorial tones of a schoolmaster, and
then interpreted to Eade.
  “He says that no one has come here
since Mr. Cartwright went out,” he de-
clared. “That was before daybreak this
morning. He says we will fish out Cart-
wright’s boy from the kitchen. The boy
can speak English. He will tell you any-
thing you want to know.”
  Following the coolie, they went down
the few wooden steps into the bathroom—
a wooden tub in a bare room with a con-
crete floor, a water tap protruding from
the wall and shower bath.
  From this place there was a small door
that led into the garden across which a
gravel path led straight to the outbuilding
which comprised the servants’ sleeping
quarters and the kitchen.
  Here, in a semi-dark, steaming room,
where the air was alive with flies whose
buzzing was almost deafening, were two
Chinese—a short fat cook and a tall thin
“boy”, or personal servant—as well as
the Malay kerboon who should have been
at work in the garden.
  As the American had no wish to re-
main in that atmosphere longer than he
had to, he asked the boy to step out into
the garden, where he received prompt and
intelligent answers in pidgin English to
his questions.
  Mr. Cartwright had gone out to his
work as usual that morning at a quarter
158
CHARLES GILSON
to five, and would not return to the
bungalow till twelve o’clock for tiffin.
After he had been called, Mr. Cart-
wright had had his chota hazri. He never
took very long to dress, as he never
shaved until he came home at midday.
He always rode a bicycle up to his
division; and sometimes when there was
much work to be done his lunch was taken
out to him. As Mr. Cartwright had given
no such orders that morning, he was
certain to return to the bungalow at
about twelve o’clock.
  Eade gave a sigh of relief. If Cart-
wright was at work on the estate with a
gang of Tamil coolies, his life could be in
no immediate danger, especially as the
boy informed him that his master in-
variably carried a revolver.
HE AMERICAN was in two
minds what to do: He might take
a walk along the road, to meet
Cartwright coming back, or he might
remain in the bungalow and await his
cousin’s arrival. He did not feel in the
least disposed to adopt the former course.
Having had little or no sleep during the
night, he was dead tired; and besides, the
sun was now well up and the heat terrific.
On the other hfind, it occurred to him
that to wait in the bungalow might in-
volve a certain amount of personal risk.
Presumably Liu Tang was still on his way
to Nolak through the jungle and might
arrive at any moment.
  The circumstance that he still had a
temperature made Eade disinclined to
walk even a short distance. He felt a kind
of heaviness in his limbs and every joint
in his body ached. All he wanted to do
was to fling himself down upon a bed,
quench his thirst and drop off to sleep.
  On his returning to the bungalow, a
cursory inspection of the place at once
suggested a compromise. There were but
two entrances to the building—the steps
up to the veranda, and the door into the
bathroom. The latter could be locked
from the inner side; and having done this,
Eade was careful to put the key in his
pocket. As an additional precaution, he
lowered the trapdoor which had stood
open at the head of the bathroom steps
in the spare room; and, assisted by the
Chinese boy—to whom he explained the
situation—he moved the chest of drawers
to the top of this.
  He had barred that way all right. In
military parlance, his flanks and rear were
secure. The Telegu clerk, before re-
turning to his office, assured him that he
could trust both the Chinese boy and the
coolie to keep a sharp look-out on all sides
of the bungalow. Feeling tolerably safe,
Eade asked the boy for some quinine,
swallowed fifteen grains, and then lay
down on one of the long chairs on the
veranda with a big tumbler of well iced
tonic water and his loaded pistol on a
small wickerwork table close at hand.
  He had placed himself immediately
facing the steps, up which no one could
ascend without being seen. At the same
time he realized that he would have to
exercise a certain amount of will power to
keep himself awake. There were two or
three shelves of books in the sitting room;
but he had no desire to read.
JOHN EADE lay in that long chair
for more than three hours, with
nothing but his thoughts for. com-
pany, and the lizards of all sizes that
swarmed in the bungalow.
  He had plenty to think about. The
very fact that, if he fell asleep he might
have his throat cut or be shot w'ith his own
gun, was enough to keep him awake. He
was free to puzzle his brains to his heart’s
content, to ask himself riddles he knew he
couldn’t answer.
  The mystery of the island of Singan.
The extraordinary people who lived there,
whom Quental had described: Batista
Scala and Bernard Le Camus, Madame
Scala’s father. And what has happened
to madame herself? She had vanished as
suddenly and unaccountably as if she had
been spirited away. And why had
Charles been obliged to fly for his life
from the island? Was it jealousy on
Scala’s part that had made him send Liu
Tang to the Yalai River or was there
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
159
some other motive at the back of it.'
  Eade, perplexed and baffled, reminded
himself that he had but to wait a little
longer. He was bound to learn the truth
from Charles as soon as his cousin arrived.
  Suddenly, a new fear possessed him.
The road to the estate led through the
jungle. What, if Liu Tang attacked
Charles Cartwright on his way home—
lay in wait for him and took him by sur-
prise? It was easy enough to knock a
man off a bicycle. A stick thrust into the
spokes was enough.
  Eade called the boy, whose name he
had discovered to be Ah Yen.
  “Is Mr. Cartwright ever late?” he asked.
  “Always about same time,” said the
Chinese. “Him come few minutes now.
I catch his shaving water, and then lay
table for tiffin. Master wantchee me lay
two places?” he asked.
  “You may as well,” said Eade, “though
I don’t feel inclined to eat much.”
  The boy went into the bedroom, and in
less than a minute returned. So far as a
Chinese’s face can express anything, he
appeared to be more concerned than sur-
prised.
  “Master got Mr. Cartwright’s razor?”
he asked.
  “Razor!” Eade exclaimed. “Of course
not. Why?”
  “No can find,” said the Chinese, with a
conclusive shrug of the shoulders.
  Eade got to his feet.
  “You had better look for it,” said he.
“What kind of a razor is it? A safety
razor:
  “No,” said the boy. “Mr. Cartwright
use backward razor, all same number one
size pocket knife.”
  “Well,” said Eade, “he had it yester-
day, I suppose?”
  “I see it last night, dinner time, on the
dressing table,” said the Chinese.
“ ’Member very well, master. Mr.
Cartwright go out to dinner, and I tidy
up. Look see all belong proper.”
  Eade stared at the boy in astonish-
ment.
  “You’re dead sure you saw this razor
last night?” he asked.
  “Certain sure, master.”
  “And it’s nowhere in the bungalow
now?”
  “Make look see everywhere,” said the
boy. “No can find.”
  Eade was silent a moment.
  “My God!” he exclaimed, half under
his breath. “Then somebody has been
here just before or just after sunrise!”
  When he tried to think, he realized
that owing to a splitting headache, it was
as much as he could do to arrive at the
simplest logical deduction. If the razor
had been stolen, it was more than prob-
able that it had been stolen by Liu Tang.
If Charles had been called by his servant
at half past four, and had left for the
estate at about a quarter to five, then
Liu Tang must have got to the bungalow
somewhere between the latter hour and
sunrise, which would be about six o’clock.
It looked as if Liu Tang had taken the
razor that he might use it as an effective
weapon when an opportunity presented
itself..
  And if that were so, where was Liu Tang
now? He was not in the bungalow—that
was a certainty. He must be hiding some-
where in the jungle; and there was cer-
tainly a chance that he might intend to
attack Cartwright on his way home upon
an unfrequented road.
  Eade’s nerves were all on edge. He fell1
the want of sleep; he had a touch of fever;
the situation in which he found himself,
besides being novel to his experience, was
something in the nature of a climax.
SOFT, unsteady footsteps upon the
steps that led to the veranda caused
him to swing round in alarm, hold-
ing his pistol ready to fire. For a second
he was convinced that he was about to
find himself face to face with Liu Tang,
the would-be murderer of his cousin.
The footsteps he had heard had been
quick and shuffling—those of one who
has bare feet, or who wears light, soft
shoes.
  He beheld, instead, a sight that was at
once amazing and pathetic. More than
half way up the steps, clutching the rail
160
CHARLES GILSON
for support as if to prevent herself from
falling, full in the tropic sunlight, stood
Madame Scala.
  The brilliant sunshine framed her
slender figure as in gold. In a way, this
was an apotheosis of the woman he had last
seen on board the Chauve-Souris, when he
had looked up at her from the well-deck.
  Her face was drawn and haggard, even
smeared with blood, which had dried upon
the powder on her cheeks. Her scarlet
lips were drawn back as if she suffered
pain. The thin silk pajama suit that she
was wearing had been torn by thorns in
a dozen places, and her flimsy shoes were
cat to ribbons.
  She looked half savage, half martyr;
and yet she had lost little of her beauty.
There was a wild expression in her eyes,
like that of a hunted thing. It was evi-
dent that she was so exhausted and so
weak that it was as much as she could do
to stand.
  As with a great effort, she dragged her-
self up the few remaining steps. Recog-
nizing Eade, she came forward, tottering,
with both hands stretched out in front of
her. And what struck John Eade as the
most incongruous thing about her was a
gold wrist-watch studded with diamonds.
  “You! Here!” she exclaimed. “Oh,
tell me—Charles, he is safe?”
  “So far as I know,” said Eade. “But you!
Madame, you must lie down and rest.”
  He had moved toward her, when she
drew back a step, and passed a hand
across her eyes.
  “And Liu Tang has not come?” she
asked.
  “Not so far as we know,” said the
American.
  "The bon Dieu be praised! Monsieur, I
was asleep—you remember where you
left me, on the deck. I woke up with a
start. I do not know why. I saw the face
of Liu Tang—that devil’s face—quite
close to me—in the moonlight. I think I
shrieked; and then he fled. It took me a
moment to recover myself. I heard him
trying to force his way into Quental’s
cabin. I saw him struggling to open the
door. But when I came upon the main
deck, he saw me and threw the knife
through the cabin porthole. Is Quental
dead?” she asked, suddenly breaking off.
  “No,” said Eade. “He missed—by the
fraction of an inch.”
  She gave a sigh of relief, and went on
with her story.
  “Liu Tang sprang overboard into the
jungle like a wildcat. I knew what he
meant to do—to come here, to kill
Charles. And I know, too, from whom he
got his orders.”
  “And you went in pursuit of him!”
Eade exclaimed. “Madame, you were
mad!”
  She leaned for support against the back
of the chair in which John Eade had
spent the greater part of the morning.
  “Yes, monsieur, I was mad, desperate,”
she said. “I did not care what happened
to me; I did not wait to think. I tried to
jump ashore, but one foot went into the
water, into the mud. I had my electric
torch in my right hand. I switched it on
and saw where I was. I caught hold of a
bough of a tree, pulled myself out of the
water and hurried after Liu Tang. For a
few minutes I could hear him in front of
me, breaking his way through the jungle.
But soon after I had come to a narrow
path, I lost him. He is strong, that man—
he is like a leopard.”
  She paused, as if she wanted breath,
and then tried to draw her silken shreds
of clothing closer about her stooping,
sylph-like body. Eade’s feelings toward
her were a mixture of bewilderment, pity
and admiration. His own fears and
troubles were forgotten.
  “You must rest, madame!” he insisted.
“You might have killed yourself!”
  “A moment. I must tell you all,” she
went on. “Mile upon mile, hour after
hour! Oh, my good friend, the never
ending jungle, it is awful! I did not know
where I was going. I just followed the
path, and went on, and on, and on. My
torch went out; but when daylight came
I could see better. And then I met a
Malay who told me the way to Nolak.
From the way he looked at me, I could
see that he thought I was mad, and
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
161
for that reason he was frightened of me.”
She had spoken in a quick, breathless
voice; and having finished her .story, she
closed her eyes for a moment, and then
opened them and looked round the
veranda, as if she saw everything there
for the first time.
  “But it is impossible,” said she, “that
Liu Tang is not here! He must have
been miles in front of me.”
  “That’s true enough,” said Eade. “If
the man has been here at all, it was more
than six hours ago.”
  “Then he has come!” she cried, in new
alarm.
  “Madame, I know nothing for certain.
But to tell you the truth, there’s evidence
that he may have come and gone.”
  Again she carried her hand to her heart.
  “I fear for Charles,” she said.
  A heavy step on the veranda caused
them both to turn. John Eade recog-
nized his cousin at once, though he had
not seen him for more than twenty years.
Well over six feet in height, clean shaven,
fair haired and powerfully built, Cart-
wright looked younger than his years. He
was wearing breeches and puttees, a flan-
nel shirt open at the neck and a pith
helmet. He stood at the head of the steps
with his legs wide parted. He glanced
first at Eade and then at the lady.
Though he had not the remotest idea who
his cousin was, he recognized Madame
Scala at once.
  “Valerie!” he cried.
  She turned quickly gave him one glance
and then closed her eyes.
  “Thank God, you are safe!” she
breathed, in a voice little above a whisper.
  And had John Eade not caught her in
his arms, she would have fallen to the
ground.
CHAPTER V
NEWS OF BATTISTA &CALA
IT WAS as if the life had gone out of
her. Her powers of endurance had
been taxed to the utmost. By sheer
will power alone she had managed to tell
Eade the greater part of her story; and
nothing but anxiety and suspense had
kept her going, until the tension was sud-
denly relieved and she had fallen forward
in a swoon.
 When John Eade made known his
identity to his cousin, Cartwright showed
little or no surprise. His sole concern
seemed to be for Madame Scala, whom he
took from Eade’s arms, and for a moment
stood irresolute as if he didn’t know what
to do with her.
  “I’ll take her to Mrs. Headley,” said he.
“She’s certain to be at home now, in the
heat of the day. Headley’s our manager,”
he went on to explain. “His wife’ll look
after her. There’s not a doctor within
ten miles of us.”
  Eade went to the head of the steps and
looked up and down the road. He had no
particular object in doing so. He merely
felt that he wanted to do something, and
could think of nothing that could be in
any way useful, just as he could think of
nothing to say.
  He saw the red road in the glaring
light—shadowless, though it ran like an
avenue between towering trees. The
sun’s rays were vertical. The elongated,
glaucous leaves of a shrub at the foot of
the veranda steps shone in the glare as if
they were of silver.
  Not far away, leaning against the low
fence that divided the garden of Cart-
wright’s bungalow from that next door,
was a man whose personal appearance was
as unprepossessing as it was singular.
Had that not been so, John Eade would
not have looked at him twice, instead of
staring at him, as he did, for the best part
of a minute.
  At first he could not decide whether
the man was an Asiatic or a European.
He was certainly dressed like a white
man, in a dust colored suit of crumpled
Shantung silk that included even a
waistcoat. He wore both a soft collar
and a necktie, as well as a white sun-
helmet.
 His face, however, was that of a
Mongol. For he had Chinese eyes—ex-
traordinary big eyes, but almond shaped
—beneath which were repulsive looking
162
CHARLES GILSON
blue sacs that made him resemble some
sort of loathsome reptile.
  He had, also, the cadaverous complex-
ion of a corpse, high cheek-bones, ‘thin
lips half concealed by a straggling. and
very thin mustache, the few hairs of which
drooped downward to the corners of his
chin.
  He did not appear to have anything
definite to do. He was smoking a cigaret
in a holder, which it appeared to be too
much trouble for him to hold in his teeth,
for the thing hung down so far that the
lighted end was in danger of touching the
lapel of his coat. Both his hands were
thrust deep into his trouser pockets. His
whole attitude suggested indolence; and
yet Eade had not failed to notice that he
was regarding Cartwright’s bungalow in
a furtive, suspicious way.
  At that moment Charles himself ap-
peared on the steps, carrying Madame
Scala, whose slim body he had wrapped
around in a sheet taken from his bed.
  “Come on! To Headley’s!” he ex-
claimed, as he brushed past. “His bun-
galow’s not more than half a mile
away.”
  He was down the steps in no time, and
turned to the right upon the road. That
took him to within* a few feet of the man
who stood loitering between the two
bungalows; and no sooner was Cartwright
abreast of him than he stopped stone
dead.
HAT the devil do you want
here?” he asked savagely.
  The man took his cigaret from
his mouth. Still leaning against a post,
he exerted himself to the extent of shifting
his balance from one foot to the other and
removing a hand from his pocket.
  “You,” said he. He pointed at the
white, shapeless object in Cartwright’s
arms. “Who’s that?” he asked.
  “Mind your own damn’ business!”
cried the other, with an oath. “And be
off! You’re the last man on earth I want
to see at any time, and least of all now.”
With that Charles hurried on, moving
from the center of the roadway to the
grass at the side, under the shade of the
palms. And as he walked he hurled
questions over a shoulder to his cousin,
who found it was as much as he could do
to keep up with him. Cartwright was
told the bare facts of what had happened:
the discovery of Liu Tang on board the
Chauve-Souris; the stranding of the
paddle-boat; the escape of the Chinese,
and Madame Scala’s pursuit of him,
clad only in pajamas.
  By that time they had reached a big
bungalow standing in a well kept and
spacious garden. Passing up a drive that
formed a semicircle, they came suddenly
within sight of th^ house, before the
veranda of which stood a high wheeled
gig, with a Malay syce holding the pony’s
head.
  “Headley’s there himself,” said Cart-
wright. “He tiffins early and then drives
round the estate in the heat of the day,
the idea being—from what I know of him
—to cultivate a thirst.”
  The manager of the Nolak Estate, a
little bald headed fellow who had run to
fat in the East, met them on the steps.
Cartwright hastily explained so much as
he knew of the situation. A lady he had
known in Singan had tried to find her
way alone to Nolak through the jungle,
the boat on which she had come up-
river being stranded some way down-
stream. She had fainted from exhaustion,
but had recovered consciousness before he
left his bungalow. All he wanted was to
ask Mrs. Headley to look after her; if
necessary, some one could be sent to
Bukit Tirah for the doctor.
  Headley, who looked as mystified as a
man with a cheery, almost circular face
can, declared that his wife would un-
doubtedly do everything in her power.
And no sooner were the words out of his
mouth than Cartwright went straight
into the bungalow, leaving John Eade to
introduce himself.
  There followed further interrogations,
Eade using his discretion as to what ex-
tent to confide in his cousin’s superior.
Headley, however, appeared to be a man
who took life as he found it, who had
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
163
lived long enough in the East to be sur-
prised at nothing.
  “Looks as if your cousin had got him-
self into a fix,” he observed. “We’re
more or less used to that sort of thing out
here. An Indian June from one year’s end
to the other, you know; and you may
remember that Kipling says something or
other about married women and new
pianos. However, that’s not my affair;
and I suppose it don’t matter a great lot
to you.”
  He offered Eade a drink which the
American accepted. According to Head-
ley, whisky was the one great panacea
for malaria and all the other ills of the
Orient. Whenever he got anything the
matter with him—which was seldom
enough—why, he just drank it out.
  Except that his face was somewhat
colorless and pasty, he looked healthy
enough; and anyway, he was brim full
of vital energy and humor. While wait-
ing for his cousin, Eade availed himself of
the opportunity to tell Headley of the
fate of the Chauve-Souris and to ask if
anything could be done to get the paddle-
boat out of the mud.
  “We’ve no tugs here,” said the man-
ager. “I know that little packet well; and
I don’t mind telling you her reputation’s
none of the best. But I’ll send a message
to Quental; and if a gang of coolies can
help him, they can go down on our
launch.”
  Upon Cartwright’s return, Headley
kept the two men nearly half an hour,
offering them one drink after another,
before he would let them go.
WHEN John Eade and his cousin
found themselves again upon the
roadway on their way back to
Cartwright’s bungalow, Eade acquainted
his cousin of his good luck, of the business
that had brought him out to the East.
  “The old lady has left you a very com-
fortable fortune,” said he. “And if you’ll
take the advice of an old friend, this time
you’ll stick to it.”
  Cartwright seemed to take the news
more or less as a matter of course. He
seemed neither elated nor surprised. He
looked at Eade critically.
  “Yqu’ve altered a lot, John, since I saw
you last,” said he. “I don’t think I’d
have recognized you, even if I hadn’t had
something else to think about.”
  “And you’ve changed mighty little
since the old days at college,” said Eade.
“You look bigger and strong perhaps,
but you haven’t grown out of your boy-
hood yet.”
  “Then, I don’t know how I’ve man-
aged it,” Cartwright laughed. “I don’t
mind telling you I’ve been in hell since I
came out here—stone-broke more than
once, absolutely down and out, John,
and I’ve had some strange experiences,
too. But tell me more about this business.
What brought Madame Scala and Liu
Tang up here? I haven’t yet quite got the
hang of it all.”
  Eade again related the whole story, this
time in greater detail. Cartwright
listened with the utmost attention. He
never interrupted, save for an occasional
exclamation, until his cousin came to the
part when the Chinese boy had declared
that his master’s razor was missing. At
that Cartwright whistled.
  “Then Liu Tang was inside my bunga-
low some time this morning,” said he.
“Looks as if I was lucky!”
  “So far as I can make out,” said Eade,
“he must have got there between the
time when you left and sunrise. Had you
been asleep when he got here, he would
have murdered you; for, according to
Madame Scala, that’s what he came here
for. On the other hand, he couldn’t have
stolen the razor when it was broad day-
light. He could never have got into the
bungalow without being seen by one of
your servants.”
  “That seems rational enough, John.
Have you started business as a private
detective? If so, you ought to be able to
tell me where Liu Tang is now?”
  “I don’t know that,” said Eade.
“From what we know, it seems probable
that, having got hold of your razor, he’s
hiding somewhere and biding his time.
He’s not likely to show up until after dark.”
164
CHARLES GILSON
  “Good Lord!” Cartwright suddenly ex-
claimed. “I never thought of it before!
There’s a scoundrel here who was out in
Singan with me, who would give a lot to
see me under ground. Of course’, Liu
Tang may not know he’s here; but if that
rascal happens to come across the gentle-
man who calls himself Mr. Eugene Pai,
we’ll have two of them to tackle, instead
of one!”
  Eade glanced at his cousin. He had
got a sudden idea that was not alto-
gether reassuring.
  “What sort of a fellow is that man?”
he asked.
  “Man!” repeated Cartwright. “He’s
not a man. A Shanghai sewer rat—half
of him Chinese, while not even he him-
self knows what the other half is. I ex-
pect he thinks Eugene sounds better than
Yu Chin. In this place he’s running a
store where he sells cheap gin to Tamil
coolies and conducts a profitable money
lending business. A week’s credit at
twenty per cent! I warned him that if I
had any trouble with him, I’d get Headley
to clear him out.”
  “That’s not the point,” said Eade.
“Is this the man you spoke to when we
left your bungalow, the chap you told to
clear out and mind his own business?”
“Sure,” said Charles. “I wonder what
the fellow was doing, hanging around
there. He may have seen Madame Scala
come in; and that’s why he wanted to
talk to me. John, this looks like trouble.”
  AS HE was speaking, Cartwright not
h\ only quickened his footsteps, but
■*- he had visibly paled. As he ap-
proached his bungalow, he broke into a
run and dashed up the steps of the ve-
randa three at a time.
  “Ah Yen!” he shouted. And rather
like a cuckoo out of a clock, the Chinese
boy appeared from the spare bedroom.
  “Ah Yen!” said Charles. “I want the
truth. Has Eugene Pai been in this bunga-
low during my absence?”
  “Yes, master,” promptly answered the
boy.
  “What did he want?”
  “Say him wantchee see you.”
  “And that was a damned lie,” said
Cartwright, “for he knew I wasn’t here.
How long after I had gone out did he
come in?”
  “No can say, master,” replied Ah Yen.
“When you go, I go kitchen-side to catch
tiffin. Coolie there, too. Nobody in
bungalow. When I come back, I find
Eugene Pai standing in veranda, all same
corkscrew, just like he see ghost.”
  “Corkscrew! Looking as if he’d seen a
ghost!” echoed Cartwright. “What the
dickens do you mean, Ah Yen?”
  “Him standing very funny way. Body
all bent sideways. Him look plenty
frightened, when he seen me. Then him
make bobbery, shout very loud, ‘Where
Mr. Cartlight, you number one size
fool?’. I tell him no belong my pidgin.”
Cartwright, with raised eyebrows,
turned round slowly and stared at his
cousin.
  “Can you make head or tail of that,
John?” asked he. “Because I’m blowed
if I can.”
  John Eade shook his head.
  “Nor I,” said he. “You’ve got to re-
member I’m not only a stranger in this
country, and from what I’ve seen of it, I
don’t mind telling you I’m darned glad
I am. But I know absolutely nothing
about what’s been happening in this
place Singan, from which, I’m told, you
escaped by the skin of your teeth.”
  “I’ve no time to tell you all that now,”
said Charles hurriedly. “You wait here
for a few minutes. If you’ve got a touch
of fever, you want to keep out of the sun.
I’m going down to the office to tell our
Telegu clerk—who is one of the best men
we have on the estate—that he’s got to
get hold of a policeman and keep Eugene
Pai under close observation until he gets
further orders from me. There are two
men here of the Malay States Police. I’ll
take the responsibility. The district
police officer only comes here once in a
blue moon.”
  Cartwright was out of the bungalow
before he had finished; and Eade, glad
enough of a rest, flung himself into, a
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
165
chair. Neither the brisk walk in the hot
sun nor Headley’s whisky pegs appeared
to have done him any harm. On the con-
trary, he had broken out into a mild
perspiration—evidence that he had
shaken off his chill and his temperature
was down.
  For all that, he was as puzzled as ever.
Though he had given his cousin the
benefit of all the information he had, he
had been told little or nothing in return.
Never once had Charles mentioned
Madame Scala, though he had evidenced
the greatest anxiety in regard to her. The
whole business was as great a mystery as
ever. The only source of satisfaction
Eade had was that he had found his
cousin safe and well.
  Eade waited for more than an hour;
and as his cousin had not by then re-
turned, and he felt well nigh starved, he
told Ah Yen that he would get ahead with
what there was to eat. Having made his
first introduction to Malay curry, he felt
an irresistible desire to go to sleep; which
was natural enough in the circumstances.
The boy had made the bed in the spare
room. Eade took off half his clothes,
and flung himself down, and almost at
once was fast asleep.
HE MUST have slept for more than
four hours; for when he woke up
the sun was low, its rays stream-
ing through the open bungalow windows
and the atmosphere was considerably
cooler.
  Eade got up, explored the bungalow
and found it empty. In the kitchen he
discovered Ah Yen, who informed him
that his master had not yet returned.
  The setting sun was like a great ball of
fire, hanging low above the dark trees of
the jungle up the river valle3r, when
Charles Cartwright came tearing up the
steps in as great haste as he had gone out.
  “Here’s the devil to pay!” he cried the
moment he saw his cousin. “Eugene Pai
has cut off. He left the place soon after
midday. It has taken me the greater
part of the afternoon to find out that.
He has left his store in charge of the
Chinaman who helps him, and has gone
downstream by himself in a canoe.”
  “I can’t see anything particularly
alarming in that,” observed John Eade.
  “Well,” said the other, “Pai wouldn’t
leave ? all his worldly belongings in
charge of a Chink, if he hadn’t got some-
thing urgent to do. But that’s not the
worst of it. Quental got here at half
past three. He managed to get the
Chauve-Souris off the mud, and has
anchored just above our jetties. I’ve
been on board and seen him, and he gave
me just about the worst news I ever
want to hear.”
  “What’s that?” asked Eade.
  “Scala’s on the river.”
  “You mean madame’s husband?”Eade
exclaimed.
  “None other. Scala’s the nearest thing
to the devil in all East Indies, and that’s
no mean compliment, John. He has come
over from Singan in a motor launch he’s
got, a boat he uses for river and coastal
work. There ’re plenty of places on the
way where he could pick up petrol—
Macassar, Surabaya, Batavia, Palembang
and Singapore.”
  “He’s after his wife?” suggested Eade.
“Yes. And me. And for some reason
or other he has brought poor old Le
Camus with him.”
  “Madame’s father, if Quental can be
trusted,” said Eade.
  “Quental can’t be trusted, but that
happens to be right. The old man’s the
bait with which he hopes to catch his wife.
He would never have kept that woman
all these years, if it hadn’t been for the
love she has for her father. He had the
old man’s money long ago; that was all he
wanted. He keeps Le Camus drugged
with opium, a moral and physical wreck,
a man who has lost all the will power he
ever possessed. My God, he has just got
him like a caged bird! It’s only pity for
her father, and the knowledge that she can
now and again do little things to help
him, that has kept Madame Scala in
Singan.”
  “She seems to have left the place on
your account,” said Eade significantly.
166
CHARLES GILSON
  Charles glanced at his cousin quickly.
“John,” said he, in a serious voice, “I
take my gospel oath I’ve played the
game—or tried to.” He threw out his
hands with a hopeless gesture. “How
could I help being sorry for her?” he
asked. “What could I do but help her all
I could? And if you want the truth,
John, you shall have it: It’s neither my
fault nor hers that we’re in love.”
  '“I guessed that,” said Eade, in a quiet
voice. “Bad business, Charles! These
things always are.”
  Cartwright rounded upon him angrily.
“Don’t preach to me!” he almost
shouted. “I’ve done nothing I’m
ashamed of. You’ll admit that yourself,
when you know the truth. You and I
have got other things to discuss now, be-
sides morality. Scala went on board the
Chauve-Souris and saw Quental. Darned
lucky for Quental he didn’t kill him—he
would have done, if this had been Singan.
But he knows we’ve got police and law
courts here, and he never does anything
on impulse; and besides, there was a fat
German on board who took a kind of
bovine interest in what was going on.
  “Well,” Charles continued, after a
pause for breath, “Scala questioned
Quental; and as the little Portuguese was
scared stiff at the very sight of him, for
once in his life he couldn’t tell a lie.
Scala got the whole truth about what had
happened in the night, how Liu Tang had
been captured and escaped, and how
madame had vanished. Quental saw
Le Camus through the windows of the
saloon on the launch. He said the old
man looked more haggard and ill than
ever, utterly broken and dejected.”
  “And where’s the launch now?” Eade
asked.
  “That’s just the trouble,” said Cart-
wright. “Scala went up-stream, but no
one at our offices saw him pass. Nor did
Quental see him on his way up to Nolak.
That means that he’s turned into one of
the backwaters—there ’re lots of small
tributaries that flow through the jungle,
and that launch only draws a few feet of
water: Scala’s hiding somewhere, and
somehow or other Eugene Pai knows it
and has gone to find him.”
  Eade uttered an exclamation of aston-
ishment.
  “You can’t know that for a certainty!”
he cried.
  “I do,” said Charles. “For the simple
reason that Pai left here nearly four
hours before Quental arrived; and Quen-
tal, who was on the bridge all the way up
the river, is ready to swear that nobody
passed him.”
  John Eade tried to think. Within the
last few hours so many things had hap-
pened that it was as if there was some-
thing in the atmosphere that made it
difficult for a man to breathe.
  “If this fellow, Scala, has gone straight
to some hiding place in the jungle,” said
he, “it looks as if the whole plan was pre-
arranged. And the chances are,” he
added, “that where Scala is, there too
will be Liu Tang.”
  “It’s on the cards,” said Charles. “And
if so, they’re waiting for something—
waiting until it’s dark.”
CHAPTER VI
WHAT HAPPENED IN SINGAN
DINNER that night in Cartwright’s
bungalow was a surprisingly
pleasant meal, in the circum-
stances. The two cousins, who had not
seen each other for years, had plenty of
news to exchange. Eade had entirely got
over his touch of fever. He had no doubt
caught a chill on board the Chauve-
Souris in the misty river valley; but his
temperature could never have been very
high, and in the heat of the day he had
sweated the fever out of him.
  John Eade was not a man who was
accustomed to finding himself in a position
of considerable danger. He was one,
however, who was susceptible to both at-
mosphere and environment; and that
evening he could not but be conscious of
the novelty of the situation. Though, to
all intents and purposes his cousin was the
same boy whom he had known years
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
167
before at college, that was the strangest
meal that he had ever had in his life.
  They dined on the veranda, which was
illumined by three large oil-paper Chinese
lanterns. Ah Yen waited at table,
taking the plates and dishes from the
hands of the coolie boy who brought them
from the kitchen up the front steps. It
was as if they were sitting in a fur-
nished greenhouse. The trellis-work of
the veranda was overgrown with creepers;
the orchids in their hanging baskets sus-
pended from the eaves of the attap roof
resembled so many minute, fairy faces
peeping curiously from out of banks of
moss and fern. Ah Yen moved here and
there, soft footed, his features inscrutable,
though his bright eyes were wonderfully
alive.
  Beyond the veranda the night was
dark as pitch. There was no moon.
Not even the palm trees across the road
were visible, though they leaned towards
the bungalow and could not have been
much more than ten yards away. More-
over, there were no stars. The mist from
the river hung like a pall above the tree
tops of the jungle.
  They had already discussed their plans.
Cartwright had decided that it would be
useless to try to find Scala that night.
They might as well look for a needle in a
haystack. There were so many jungle
streams up any one of which the Singan
launch could have made its way, that
they might explore a dozen before they
struck the right one.
  And so Mahomet could come to the
mountain. If they remained where they
were, sooner or later Liu Tang would
turn up all right. The Chinese hadn’t
stolen Cartwright’s razor for nothing;
and they could do no better than be
ready for him. Even as they dined, Eade
had his automatic, and Cartwright a Colt
revolver, both ready loaded in their coat
pockets. Also, the two Sikh policemen
whom the district officer had detailed for
duty at the Nolak estate were on watch
outside, one in the jungle at the back of
the kitchen, the other on the far side of
the roadway.
  Eade caught something of his cousin’s
self-confidence. Instead of being nervous,
as Eade would have expected him to be,
he was* more speculative than anything
else. He even let fall the observation that
he hoped the night wouldn’t pass off
without event.
  “When you’re worked up to concert
pitch,” he observed, “guess you want
something better to do than twiddle your
thumbs. You’ve got the stage set,
Charles, my boy, for a very pretty
tragedy or comedy—whichever it’s going
to be; and if this fellow doesn’t turn up
some time in the night, I shall feel I’ve
got a moral right to get my money back.”
OHN EADE remembered that remark
afterward.
  Knowledge that. Madame Scala
was in safe hands and being well looked
after was quite enough to put Cart-
wright at ease for the time being. If Liu
Tang was joined by Eugene Pai, and even
by Scala himself, they would find the
proposition more than they bargained
for. The Sikhs, who were big and strong
men, were armed with rifles and, as ex-
soldiers of the Indian army, first class
shots. It was impossible that any one
could approach the bungalow unheard by
one or the other.
  “I ask nothing more,” said Charles,
“than a reasonable excuse to put a bullet
through that Chinaman. Had I not got
away from Singan in the nick of time, he
and Scala would have made short work of
me.”
  “By which token,” said Eade, “you
may as well tell me what actually hap-
pened on the island.”
  Charles pushed a box of Borneo che-
roots towards his cousin.
  “Try one of those,” said he. “You can
smoke ’em all day. But you’ve got. to
keep your throat wet in this country.
Headley drinks short drinks one after the
other, and mixes gin with rye whisky. I
don’t believe in that. On the Equator,
don’t drink until sundown, and then
stick to stingers, and put them away as
fast as you like. Singan, eh? Well, it
168
CHARLES GILSON
was a sort of hell; but I’m glad I went
there. I wasn't in the place a year, and
yet those months have changed my life.
I know that, John. Damned funny thing,
the world! It was just a fluke it ever
happened.”
  He went on to tell Eade how he had
met Madame Scala by chance on the
Singapore praya. He wasn’t much of a
psychologist, but it’s pretty clear to every
one that certain personalities blend, so to
speak, whilst others clash. Madame
Scala, whom he called Valerie, had liked
him from the first. And he had liked her
—and that was a mild way of putting it.
That was why he had gone to Singan in
the first place, though he had thought he
was a fool for doing so. It was like buying
a pig in a poke; but the uncertainty of the
whole business had rather appealed to
him.
HE HAD MET Scala the next day
in the Cafe Riche, behind the
Singapore Club, and hated the
man the moment he saw him. A big,
broad shouldered fellow, with black eyes,
curly hair and a black mustache—a kind
of cross between an operatic tenor, the
traditional bandit and the reigning mon-
arch of some tinpot principality. Scala
fancied himself no end; he was conceited
about his physical strength, his good
looks, his brains and money.
  Though he was a Sicilian by birth, he
had been educated in Holland. His
mother was probably Dutch. Anyway,
as a young man he had gone to Java,
where he had had something to do with
a big shipping firm in Surabaya. The
company had agents in most of the
Oriental ports, and Scala had spent a
good many years knocking around the
Indies and all the coast from Rangoon to
Shanghai. At one time he had been
posted in Bangkok, whence he had been
sent to Saigon; and there he had fallen
in with old Le Camus and his daughter.
 Le Camus was a French colonial
official who had come into a good deal of
money. In spite of his daughter, he
couldn’t tear himself away from Cochin-
China, because of opium. He was living
a life of ease and idleness, with the
opium smoker’s extravagant ideas, when
he fell into Scala’s clutches.
  Before then, Scala had discovered
Singan—a little island, not more than
twenty miles across, lying not far from
the beaten track between Macassar and
Balikh Papan in Borneo, due south of the
Little Paternoster Islands, and north-
west of the Spermonde Archipelago.
Scala had landed there at some time or
other and made friends with the sultan.
He was quick enough to see possibilities
in the place. The virgin jungle was thick
with mature and healthy rubber trees,
and only wanted clearing.
  He got Le Camus to come into the
business, and it was the old man’s money
that bought a good third of the island.
The sultan had had a taste of Occidental
civilization, and wanted more of it; to
which end he found a banking account in
Paris more than helpful. He did the
grand tour, not in the approved manner
of an Eastern potentate—for no one had
ever heard of him—but with the sole idea
of exploring all the dissolute haunts he
could find between Port Said and Mont-
martre.
  He duly returned to Singan with en-
larged ideas and a lightened purse. By
that time Scala’s scheme was well under
way. He had got a gang of Chinese
coolies down from Hainan to do the
clearing work; and Liu Tang had started
off as foreman. In course of time the
astute Chinese became a partner, for it
was he who suggested the main lines upon
which the business should be run.
  For Scala soon found out that rubber
planting wasn’t as profitable as he had
thought, especially as his so-called expert,
Mr. Eugene Pai, let him down badly more
than onee. Besides, there was too much
competition in the field. And then came
the government restriction of output in
British Malaya; and that was Scala’s
chance.
  Liu Tang fixed it with Japanese estates
in the peninsula who were ready to dodge
the government and anxious to get rid of
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
169
their surplus stuff at a moderately fair
price. Quental was engaged to do the
running; and nobody in the world can
beat the Japanese at a game like that.
They got their stuff out of Perak and
Johore without the authorities being any
the wiser. Scala couldn’t trade with the
Javanese ports because of Anglo-Dutch
cooperation, but he found a ready buyer
in Shanghai who was willing to ship to the
States.
  It was a profitable business, and it
might have gone on indefinitely, had
Scala not been greedy. By then he had
been married to Valerie Le Camus about
three or four years, just long enough to
tire of her. And the very fact, too, that
she was the only person in the island,
except Liu Tang, who did not tremble at
the very sight of him, made him furious
with her. Yet in some fashion he loved
her.
  “And then,” Charles added, lowering
his voice, “the sultan saw her—and this
part of the story’s damnable. He used to
make no end of excuses to come down to
Scala’s bungalow, so that he might see
Valerie. He never spoke to her. He just
sat there and stared at her; and that
used to frighten the life out of her, for he’s
a fat, oily looking brtite. A pure bred
Malay, all the same. That’s the funny
part about it. Nearly everywhere you
go in this part of the world you’ll find two
or three distinct races living in the same
place. I expect the sultan’s forebear
who first settled in Singan was a Malay
pirate who wanted a comfortable life.
The aboriginal inhabitants are more or
less Dyaks. There’re not many of them
left; and they’re no good for work.
  “The sultan’s palace, as he calls it, is
on a hill on the north side of the island,
well away from Scala’s estate. He’s got
about half a dozen Malay wives. But
Montmartre has given him somewhat
advanced ideas, and he suddenly came to
the conclusion that he ought to include a
white woman in the collection. And
Scala wanted more land. He wanted to
open up a tract of country to the west,
where he had found the best soil in the
island. He had got to the end of old
Le Camus’s money, and he was putting
his own away.
  “In true Oriental fashion, the sultan
took his time over the bargain. I’ve some
reason to believe that weeks elapsed be-
fore he had the pluck to put the propo-
sition into so many words. He had to be
careful because, like every one else, he
was afraid of Scala. He suggested that
Scala should swap Valerie for a new con-
cession of land.
IND YOU, John, I didn’t know
that, when I got there; nor did
Valerie herself. They wanted
a real planter to run the show. That was
why Scala had come over to Singapore,
when Valerie found me by chance. When
I got to Singan, I soon tumbled to what
their game was. They had an A 1 little
harbor tucked away behind a long, tree
covered islet that screened the place from
view of any ships that happened to pass.
They had made a proper wharf, in water
deep enough for the Chauve-Souris to
berth alongside.
  “Quental’s boat was called the Bat
because she used to fly by night. On the
wharf was a godown, where they stored
the stuff which Quental took up to
Shanghai about three times a year. They
turned Eugene Pai into a kind of store-
man after I got there. Though I wasn’t
supposed to go into that godown, or have
anything to do with it, I darned soon
found out that there was more rubber
there than we had ever tapped in Singan.”
“Did Madame Scala know that?”
asked Eade.
  “Yes. She hated her husband, and she
hated the whole business; but she couldn’t
leave because of her father. Quental al-
ways brought up supplies of opium from
Singapore, and the whole lot of them
smoked it—even Valerie, sometimes, to
try to drown her sorrows.”
  “She never looked that sort!” Eade
exclaimed.
  “Because she’s no fool,” Charles
answered. “She never let the drug get
hold of her. Nor did Scala for that
170
CHARLES GILSON
matter. As for Liu Tang, he seemed to
thrive on it. The old man, and to some
extent Quental, were the only two who
went to pieces. I stayed there because of
Valerie. For a long time I never said
anything to her, nor she to me; but we
understood one another all right. She
knew I was her friend.
  “That’s why I went about with my
eyes skinned,” he continued. “When I
found out that I had joined a concern
that was five-sixths a smuggling business,
it didn’t worry me much. I knew there
was a good deal more than that going on
behind the scenes. I had to watch four
people: Scala, Eugene Pai, Liu Tang and
the sultan. I had no idea what I was
likely to discover, but I soon struck oil.
It hadn’t taken me long to size up Mr.
Eugene Pai, or Quental either; and I
guessed that they had both got more re-
sponsibility than was good for them. I
learned that they were carrying on busi-
ness in a small way on their own. They
were selling stuff privately and faking the
way-bills.”
  “But surely Scala checked his own
stores?” Eade asked. “He wouldn’t be
such a fool as not to do that!”
  “Of course he did,” said Charles.
“But not all the smuggled rubber that
Quental brought down from the Malay
States went into that godown. Quental
always came into the harbor from the
south, where there was a narrow strait
between Singan and the islet, that
rounded a coral reef at the end of what we
called Seraglio Point. They gave it that
name because the channel was like a
miniature Bosporus; and behind Seraglio
Point there was a shallow creek, running
in a northwesterly direction, just like the
Golden Horn. Scala knew Constanti-
nople well, and so did Le Camus.
  “Quental nearly always came in at
night; and Eugene Pai with two or three
Chinese—who made a good thing out of
the ‘squeeze’—used to wait for him on
the south side of Seraglio Point with a
raft. They would take off as much sur-
plus stuff as they could carry and store
it in a safe place in the jungle—a hole in
the ground covered with branches and
palm leaves, something like an elephant
trap.”
  “Did you discover that by chance?”
Eade asked.
  “No, sir. Not by a long chalk.
When you find a rat run, you may bet
your last dollar it leads to a chicken coop.
I struck their track in the jungle and,
being a bit of a woodsman, I had no diffi-
culty in finding their hiding-place.”
“What did you do then?” asked Eade.
“Did you take the story to Scala and
make an enemy of Eugene Pai for life?”
“No fear,” said Charles. “I didn’t care
two hoots whether they swindled Scala
or not. I didn’t even tell Valerie about
it, until months afterward—after I had
discovered that her brute of a husband
was thinking of selling her to the sultan.”
“And how did you find that out?”
“Eavesdropping,” Charles confessed.
“By then Valerie and I were beginning to
understand one another. She had warned
me there was danger ahead, though she
didn’t know anything for sure. I risked
my life one night by getting inside the
palace, which is nothing more or less than
a fair sized bungalow', with a separate
building for the harem.
  “They discussed business in the most
mongrel language that any two human
beings ever spoke. Though I was hiding
under the window and could overhear
every word that was said, I could only
understand half of it. It was made up of
Malay, Chinese, French, pidgin English,
Dutch and Pulu Petak, the southern
dialect of Borneo. As I understood them
all, except the two last, I managed to get
hold of the drift of what they were talking
about.
  “The next day,” he went on, “I told
Valerie about it. We met by appoint-
ment in the jungle, out by Seraglio Point.
I offered, then and there, to take her
away; but she wouldn’t go because of her
father. We thought we were alone, but
we weren’t! We had been shadowed by
Eugene Pai. I expect he got the wind up
when he had seen me going oft' in that
direction.
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
171
  “Fortunately I spotted him and caught
him before he could split to Scala. I
wasn’t going to trust my life and Valerie’s
to that man. He thought he had got me—
and he had always hated the sight of me
—but, by God, I bluffed him good and
proper! I told him what I knew about
the game he was playing with Quental,
and exactly where he had hidden his
stolen goods; and what’s more, John, I
said that I had already told Scala, and he’d
better clear out while the going was good.
  “You should have seen his face! He
went pale green, for he knew that Scala
would kill him. I hadn’t any qualms of
conscience about telling a lie to that man.
I got rid of him all right, and that was all
I wanted. He got a proa that very night
and cleared out. And I never saw him
again, until I turned up here, where I
found that he was at his old game,
cheating Tamils.
   I ''HAT piece of bluff gave Valerie
  [j and me a breathing space,”
Charles went on. “It gave us
time to formulate some sort of a plan;
for Scala was in no particular hurry to
close the deal, if the sultan was. And
before we knew where we were, Eugene
got his own back. H§ had seen Quental
in Singapore and told him I was a
dangerous man. Afterward I got the
whole truth out of the Portuguese.
When next he came to Singan, he warned
Scala that Valerie and I knew all about
his proposed dealings with the sultan.
My life wasn’t worth a copper-cash.
  “From that moment Scala meant to do
me in, and would have done it, too, if
Valerie hadn’t warned me in time. Liu
Tang was going to do the job; and the
very fact that Scala had struck his wife,
warned her that he knew. He had always
treated her badly enough; for months she
had watched him slowly poisoning her
father with opium; he was going to sell
her into the harem “ of a fat, native
prince; but he had never hit her before.
What’s more, he locked her up. But her
Malay servant let her out, and she came
straight to me.
  “We got a canoe and rowed out to the
Chauve-Souris, which was anchored in the
channel. It was pitch dark when we got
on board. We found Quental half
drugged with opium, but Valerie knew
how to knock some sense into his head.
He was under steam already, and we told
that if he didn’t weigh anchor then and
there, we would give him away to Scala.
Whether he liked it or not, he was in the
same boat as ourselves; and as I had to
get out of the island without loss of time,
he would have to do the same or else
share my fate. That settled him all
right. He knew that, if he gave me up,
Fd split on him. He saw the game was
ended.,
  “Then, there was a scene with Valerie.
I begged and implored her to come with
me. But she just set her teeth and
wouldn’t. Her father was dying, she
said, and she couldn’t desert him.
Naturally I wanted to stay too. I swore
I couldn’t leave her. But she told me it
wasn’t any good my staying—they would
only kill me.”
  “There was sense enough in that,” said
Eade. “What happened after you had
left? And how is it that they have all
come here?”
  “She has told me that,” said Cart-
wright. “I had a few minutes’ talk with
her in Headley’s bungalow. Scala never
knew why Pai had disappeared; and
Quental suddenly cutting off in the mid-
dle of the night made him suspicious.
It took him weeks to find out the truth.
When he learned it he was like a wild
beast. He swore that he would be re-
venged not only on me, but on Quental
and Pai. When he found out where I
was, he at once sent Liu Tang across to
Surabaya in the motor launch, with
orders to catch the first steamer to
Singapore and not to come back to
Singan until I was a dead man.
  “He taunted Valerie with this, played
with her like a cat with a mouse and told
her that when he had finished with me,
he would hand her over to the sultan.
He had actually gone up to the palace to
close the deal, when she escaped, She
172
CHARLES GILSON
got away in a flying proa, and had the
good luck to be picked up by an Island
ship coming up from Port Darwin. She
had thought she was well ahead of Liu
Tang. That’s why she couldn’t make out
how he had got to Singapore in time to
come aboard the Chauve-Souris as a
stowaway. He must have had the luck
to fall in with one of the coastal packets
from Timor.
  “As for the rest,” he concluded, “we
can only guess what happened. On dis-
covering that his wife had escaped—
obviously to warn me—Scala must have
boarded the motor launch as soon as it
came back from Java. He probably had
to wait three or four days, while the
Malay in charge went on the bust in
Surabaya. When he got to Singapore,
he probably found out from the harbor
master that the Chauve-Souris had come
up to Nolak. And as he knew I was here,
he guessed his wife was on board.”
  “And what’s happened now?” Eade
asked. “What do you think the game
is?”
  “I know no more than you,” said the
other. “The only thing we’re certain
about is that Scala’s not far from here,
and we’ll hear from him sooner or
later.” "	»
  “Supposing he attacks Headley’s
bungalow?” suggested Eade. “If Eugene
Pai is with him he will have been told his
wife is there.”
  “Headley’s all right,” said Cartwright.
“I’ve warned him, and he has armed all
his Malay servants. I offered him the
two policemen, but he said he didn’t want
them. He’s got about fifteen men under
arms; and when it’s dark as this, the one
weapon I personally shouldn’t like to run
up against is the Malay kris.”
  Eade nodded in satisfaction, and hurled
the butt end of his cheroot over the
veranda, the sparks flying in the road like
a kind of firework.
  “There’s one aspect of this business I
can’t make head or tail of,” he observed.
“Scala wants Eugene Pai’s blood almost
as much as yours. Pai didn’t strike me
as being a man with any more pluck than
a cockroach. Besides, he’s got a guilty
conscience. One would have thought
that he would rather run a hundred miles
than find himself face to face with either
Liu Tang or Scala. And yet you tell me
that he has deliberately gone down the
river, presumably to meet Scala by
appointment!”
  Charles Cartwright shrugged his
shoulders as he got to his feet.
  “I haven’t the remotest idea,” said he,
yawning and stretching his arms. “You
may depend upon this, however: Before
many hours are passed we’ll learn the
truth—or some of it.”
CHAPTER VII
TIIE JUNGLE PATH
EADE didn’t feel- in the least dis-
posed to go to bed; he had slept for
quite a long time that afternoon,
and his cousin’s story had given him food
for reflection. Stretching himself on one
of the long chairs on the veranda, he lit
another cheroot.
  As for Charles, he went to the head of
the steps and stood there a moment,
gazing into the black night in the direc-
tion of Headley’s bungalow. Suddenly he
turned and spoke to Eade.
  “I’m going round the outpost line,”
said he. “These Sikhs can be trusted,
but it’s as well to see they’re doing their
job.”
  He went down the steps, and Eade
could hear his footsteps on the gravel as
he crossed the road. Suddenly a low,
breathless voice, with something of a
snarl in it, the words clipped short in the
broken English of every native of India
from Kashmir to Colombo.
  “Who goes there?”
  Muffled voices. And then silence again.
Two minutes afterward, the same chal-
lenge from the back of the house, from
the jungle behind the kitchen.
  A little after, Cartwright reappeared
at the head of the steps. He was so tall
that his head almost touched the eaves.
“Well,” said his cousin, “they’re on the
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
173
qui vive all right. The fellow opposite was
on you like a knife.”
  “Yes,” said Charles casually. “I’ve
sent them both away.”
  Eade sat up in his chair.
  “Whatever for?” he asked.
  “Because we can look after ourselves,
John. Those two men have gone up to
Headley’s, whether he wants them or
not. You and I are going to bed right
now.”
  “I don’t exactly feel inclined to go to
sleep yet,” said the other. “I’m as wide
awake as a tomtit. I feel as if I had eyes
all round my head.”
  “I don’t want you to go to sleep,” said
Cartwright. “You would be a fool if you
did.	You needn’t even take off your
clothes. All the lights are going out in
the bungalow anyway. You’ve got to lie
down on your bed, my son, and have your
revolver ready under your pillow. I ask
for nothing better than for Liu Tang to
come here looking for trouble. He’ll get
it.”
  Eade rose from his chair.
  “Give me another of those whisky
pegs, as you call them,” said he, “and I’ll
obey orders. If that’s all you want,
Charles, I’m game. Another drink and
I’m sure ready for any one. I seem to
have picked up the customs of this darned
country mighty quick. You keep your
soda nicely iced, by the way.”
  “And another wouldn’t do me any
harm either,” said Charles, helping him-
self to a good three fingers’ worth.
“Here’s to the night!” he cried, raising
his glass. “I’ve had some exciting ex-
periences since I came out here; but I’ve
got a hunch that the next six or seven
hours are going to produce something
extra special.”
  “This morning,” said Eade, “I was a
sick man, dead tired and all nerves. I
wouldn’t have been much use to you.
But now, why, I’m just glad of the chance
to see this thing through, though I warn
you I’m not a particularly good shot.”
“I’ll give you an electric torch,” said the
other. “There’s a spare one. And after
midnight the moon comes up—a full
moon, too. If nothing happens before
then, it’ll be almost as light as day.”
ONE AFTER the other he blew out
the Chinese lanterns on the ver-
anda, and then put out the lights
in the sitting room beyond.
  Eade had the spare room from which
the steps led down to the bathroom.
That no intruder might enter by this way,
the door of the bathroom that connected
with the garden was locked from the
inner side, and the trapdoor at the top of
the steps was lowered. In consequence
Eade felt tolerably safe. Any one who
proposed to attack them must cross both
the veranda and the front room, before he
could enter either bedroom.
 Nonetheless John Eade’s sense of
security diminished somewhat the mo-
ment the bedroom lights were out, and he
found himself straining his ears, listening
to sounds imaginary and real. There was
not a breath of air. The stillness was
broken only occasionally by faint and
indefinite noises in the jungle. A gigantic
moth brushed with velvet wings past his
face, so suddenly that it frightened him.
  He certainly had no inclination to fall
asleep. He lay there trying to imagine
what kind of man this Scala was, trying
to picture the island of Singan. He had
read about places like that in Conrad’s
books, but it had never occurred to him
before that that sort of thing could be
real.
  In a way, he was sorry for Charles.
He couldn’t blame his cousin for having
fallen in love with Madame Scala. He
actually smiled when he remembered the
Chauve-Souris.
  He felt that the whole of this place—or
rather, the little he had seen of it—had
confounded his capacity to associate
ideas. Little, painted, powdered women
hadn’t, as a rule, got the reputation for
being courageous. She didn’t look strong
either; and yet, how many of her sex
would have been able to travel all those
miles through the jungle? And in
pajamas! Ye gods, what a land!
  For more than an hour John Eade’s
174
CHARLES GILSON
thoughts kept him company, kept him
from getting cold feet. And then, by
degrees, the uncanniness of the whole
affair began to tell on his nerves. Waiting
there in the darkness, unable to move—
lest the camp bed on which he lay should
creak—he found it necessary to remind
himself that he was a New York business
man who believed in a comfortable life,
who traveled first class and stayed in the
best hotels. He had now a sense of being
imprisoned in themidstof an impenetrable,
tangled wilderness. He imagined, at the
back of the silence, soft footed, prowling
beasts. There might have been no other
living soul within a hundred miles of
him.
  And then Charles, in the next room,
began to snore—or to produce a very
good imitation of the real thing. That
saved Eade from becoming morbid. Had
he not been determined to play his part
as well as he could, he would have
thanked Charles audibly, for the con-
necting door between the two rooms was
wide open.
  Cartwright kept up his nasal serenade
for the best part of half an hour; and
then, apparently getting tired of it, he
confined himself to regular and heavy
breathing—so lifelike a reproduction of
the real thing that Eade began to fear that
he really might be asleep.
  Once or twice Eade was tempted to
speak, but his amour propre prevented
him from doing that. Time and again he
assured himself that Charles wouldn’t be
such a fool. And yet, the doubt per-
sisted.
SUDDENLY he sat bolt upright,
conscious of the feeling that sug-
gests the hair of one’s head stand-
ing on end. He had heard noises before,
inexplicable noises—rats, perhaps, rep-
tiles or bats. But he could not mistake
the quick, soft pattering of feet that were
either bare or lightly shod.
  As quietly as he could, he swung him-
self round into a sitting position, until his
feet touched the floor. At the same time,
with his right hand, he whipped out his
automatic from under his pillow. In his
left hand he held his torch.
  He was startled by the sound of his
cousin’s voice, quite close to his ear.
“Wait for me!” Charles whispered.
  The bright beam of Cartwright’s torch
suddenly stabbed into the darkness like
the blade of a simitar—a dazzling, diverg-
ent ray that terminated in a golden disc,
framing the white face of Madame Scala.
  She stood perfectly motionless. She
had the staring eyes of a blind person, as
indeed, for the moment, she was blinded
by the glare. She could see nothing, until
Charles switched off his torch and lit the
candle at the bedside. She looked first
at Charles, then at Eade, and then smiled
when she saw their firearms.
  “You are safe at any rate,” she said.
“I was told that you were dead.”
  “Valerie!” Charles exclaimed. “What
on earth are you doing here?”
  She was wearing a dress of Shantung
silk that belonged to Mrs. Headley—who
was a little woman, too. She had evi-
dently thrown it on in a hurry, for she
was without stockings, and her black
shingled hair was ruffled.
  “I’ve got much to tell you,” she said.
“I thank God that you are alive. And
you too, Mr. Eade,” she added. “I was
assured that Charles had already been
murdered with his own razor.”
  “Whoever told you lied, you see,” said
Cartwright. “All the same there’s a
glimmer of truth in it, because my razor
has been stolen, and you couldn’t have
known that.”
  “No,” she said, and stood thinking a
moment. “My husband is not often
wrong,” she added.
  “Your husband!” cried Charles. “Has
Scala seen you here?”
  “It was he who sent the message,” she
answered. “I will tell you. I was asleep,
sound asleep, when I was awakened by a
voice at my window. The veranda, as
you know, runs round three sides of the
bungalow; and I was in the end room on
this side. The man at the window told me
not to be frightened. I thought I recog-
nized his voice the moment I heard it.
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
175
When I lit a candle I saw his face. It was
Eugene Pai.”
  “Pai! How did he get there?”
  “Quite easily,” said Madame Scala.
“There are men watching the house, and
Mr. Headley himself is awake. Pai told
the Malay syces that he wanted to see
Mr. Headley and the men let him pass.
I suppose he found out from one of the
Chinese servants which room I was in.”
“Did Headley see him?” asked Cart-
wright.
  “No. He came straight to me, along
the veranda. The message he gave me
was terrible—so terrible that it could have
come only from my husband. He said-
that my husband was not far away, wait-
ing for me, that I must go to him at once.
He swore that you were dead, that your
throat had been cut in your own bunga-
low and, if I didn’t believe it, I could go
there and see for myself.”
  “And where’s Pai now?” Cartwright
demanded. He looked rather like a dog
straining at a leash.
 “Half way down the road,” she
answered, “between the Headley’s bunga-
low and here. He wouldn’t come any
farther. He was too frightened of Liu
Tang. He thought Liu Tang was in this
bungalow, and might kill him.”
  “Was that all the message?”
  “No. It is all terrible! Eugene Pai
brought me my husband’s orders. I am
to go at once to the place where the
launch is hidden. If I do not return with
Pai immediately, my father will be
murdered.”
  Cartwright uttered an oath under his
breath, and then turned to Eade.
  “You see the type of man we’ve got to
deal with,” said he.
  “So far the game’s in our favor,” Eade
answered. “The opposition program’s not
according to schedule. You’re supposed
to be dead, my boy. Remember that.”
UPON a sudden Cartwright flung a
hand upward and snapped a finger
and thumb, as if he were throwing
something over his right shoulder. Next
he blew out the light.
  “You’re right, John!” he exclaimed.
“We can spring a surprise on Scala. You
don’t mind talking it out in the dark?”
he asked.
  “It’s better,” said Madame Scala
quietly. “Eugene Pai is not far away.”
“Headley knows you’ve left his bunga-
low?” Cartwright asked.
  “I suppose so,” she answered, “though
no one may have seen me leave.”
  “It’ll be best to warn him,” said
Charles, “for if he finds out you’re gone
he may be anxious. We go past his
bungalow anyhow.”
  “Where are we going?” asked Eade.
“Speak in a whisper,” said Charles.
“I’ve got an idea. We want to find out
where Scala is. Eugene Pai shall show us
the way. Valerie has got pluck enough to
do anything. I’m going to send her back
to Pai with the news that I’m dead as
mutton. She’ll act the part all right.”
“That will not be so difficult,” she said.
“I am already frightened. I fear for my
father.”
  “We’ll save him, Valerie,” said Charles.
“I swear it. If we look in at Headley’s
on the way, he’ll want to come with us.
And he’ll be a good man for the job; he’s
the best tiger shot in this country, one of
the few fellows I’ve ever heard of who will
sit down in a clearing and eat his lunch
while the beaters drive a tiger up to him.
Unless Liu Tang is with him, Scala has
got no one who would stand up to a Java
sparrow. We’ll be three to one, and if we
can’t get the old man away we’re not
worth much.”
  “And what about Pai?” asked Eade.
“I guess that fellow won’t give much
trouble, but we’ve got to account for him
somehow.”
  “Dead easy,” Charles replied, “if
Valerie does what I want. If Pai came
through the jungle he must have brought
a lantern with him.”
  “That is so,” said madame. “He had
a lantern in his hand, but it was not
alight.”
  “He’s bound to light it when he gets
into the jungle; otherwise he won’t be able
to see his hand in front of his face. That
176
CHARLES GILSON
lantern is going to be our Star of Bethle-
hem, John, though we’ve got to keep at a
safe distance, or Pai may hear us. I’m
going to leave the most important part
of the business to you, Valerie. If you
find out from Pai that we’re on a path
that leads straight to the launch, or if you
suddenly catch sight of the lights of the
launch ahead, halt—to give us time to get
up to you. Say you’re tired or too
frightened. I’ll back Headley and myself
to catch that scoundrel alive, stop his
mouth and tie him up to a tree.”
  ■‘And then,” asked Madame Scala,
anxiously, “you save my father? Bat-
tista means what he says. My father is
no use to him now. You will have to
be quick.”
  Cartwright answered her tenderly. It
was so dark that they could not see one
another; but John Eade suspected that
Charles had taken her hand.
  “Trust to me,” said he. “God knows
how this night’s work is going to end.
But whatever happens, I won’t fail you,
Valerie. I’d rather die.”
  “I understand,” she said in a very
quiet voice. “I will do what you wish.
It is the only thing—our only chance.”
  AT THAT “she left them without
another word. They heard her
run lightly and swiftly down the
steps of the bungalow. On the veranda
they stood listening, and presently could
hear voices a little distance down the road.
Cartwright grasped his cousin by an arm.
  “Come along,” said he. “Valerie won’t
hurry. She’ll give us all the time we
want, but we’ve got to get a rope and
something that will do for a gag at
Headley’s.”
  They went down the steps, and at the
bottom walked on the stiff, short grass,
the peculiar wild grass of the Malay
Peninsula that stands upright like the
bristles of a wire brush. Pai and Madame
Scala were on the gravel roadway, for they
could hear their footsteps a little way
ahead of them.
  It was so dark that it was difficult to
discern even the outline of the tall palm
trees. Nothing else but the shape of these
could have told Cartwright when he had
reached Headley’s bungalow, for the gate,
lying in a bay of shrubs, was invisible.
  “Wait here, John,” said he. “I’ll be
back in less than no time. We’ve got to
let Headley know; and besides, we want
him. If Liu Tang’s with Scala, we’ll have
our work cut out.”
  “What about madame?” Eade asked.
“She and Pai will be out of earshot in two
seconds. Supposing we don’t find them
again?”
  “Little chance of that,” said the other.
“About three hundred yards farther on
this road ends at nothing. He’ll have to
go into the jungle, and he can’t do that
without lighting up. Besides, I don’t
propose to be away for long.”
INDEED, he was back again before
Eade had had time to feel anxious,
and with him was Headley, who an-
nounced that he had a loaded revolver, a
six foot length of rope and a thirst that
he wouldn’t swop for a hundred dollars.
  Cartwright had already explained the
situation to his manager. And the three
of them set off in Indian file, Cartwright
leading, Headley next, but they had not
gone far before Charles came to a halt.
  “We had best wait here,” said he. “I
know where we are. There’s the pine-
apple plantation on this side of us where
the ground drops down toward the river.
If we wait, sooner or later, we’re bound to
see a light.
  “And ten to one I know the jungle path
he means to take,” Headley whispered.
“Last week I shot the biggest pig there
I’ve ever seen in my life. I’ve got his
tusks at home. The old fellow looked as
if he could have ripped up an elephant.”
“We’re after something a damned sight
more dangerous than a wild boar now,”
said Cartwright.
  “If what I’ve heard’s true,” said the
other, “the man’s something worse than
a scoundrel. By God, to think of selling
his wife to a Malay!”
  “You wouldn’t be surprised at that if
you knew him,” said Charles. “Scala’s
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
177
an extraordinary man. Vain as a pea-
cock, cruel as a cat, clever as a monkey.
I don’t mind telling you that I was
frightened of him. There’s no way of
getting at the brute. He's always so
cocksure of himself.”
  “He won’t be—after tonight,” said
Headley. “By gad, look!” he exclaimed.
“There’s Pai!”
  Sure enough, there was the glimmer of
a light some way below them on the hill-
side, evidently on the outskirts of a strip
of jungle that lay between the pine-
apple plantation and the river. Cart-
wright still leading, they followed a cul-
tivated furrow between two straight lines
of the low growing, slender leaved plants.
  Though they were now in the open, it
was as much as Eade could do to make
out the stumpy figure of Headley, who
walked in front of him. The light from
Pai’s lantern was more or less sta-
tionary, though it swung backward and
forward, until suddenly it vanished, to
appear again a moment after.
  At. once Headley cut off in a beeline
toward the spot.
  “Come on!” he cried. “Follow me. I
can find the place in the dark.”
A FEW MINUTES afterward they
were in the jungle, Headley still in
• front. As Eade couldn’t see an
inch in front of him, he was given the end
of the rope; and holding-jhis, he followed
his two companions something after the
manner of a blind man led by his dog.
  They had not gone far before the light
of the lantern again came into view, con-
siderably nearer than when they had seen
it before. Indeed, so close were they now
to the man whom they were tracking that
John Eade was convinced that they must
be heard, since time and again one or the
other stumbled, and dry twigs were con-
tinually breaking under foot.
  For this reason they slowed down and
proceeded with greater caution. They
found it safer to go forward with long,
slow strides—a gait more resembling the
stealthy advance of some nocturnal beast
of prey than the walk of a human being.
  To Eade the path seemed endless, a
narrow tunnel through a labyrinth.
Sometimes their feet squelched in sticky
mud; while at other times they walked on
moss as soft and deep as eiderdown.
  Half an hour of it, and John Eade was
wet with perspiration which dripped from
the back of the hand that clenched the grip
of his pistol. The other hand was sore
from holding the rope; and his eyes ached
and smarted from staring into the
darkness.
  At last the light in front of them
stopped. Cartwright in a whisper told
his cousin to be careful. Still in single
file, they moved forward on tiptoe, feeling
the ground like cats.
  The sound of voices came to their ears.
The}’ heard Madame Scala’s voice dis-
tinctly, and the very words she used.
There could be no doubt that she was
playing her part to perfection.
  “I go no farther!” she cried. “I dare
not!” And then she groaned. “Oh, take
me back!” she said. “This is more than I
dare do.”
  Little, fat Headley was life and soul in
the business. Before Charles could stop
him, he had gone down upon all fours
and had crawled off into the jungle under-
growth.
  “Wait a bit,” Cartwright whispered.
“Headley means to cut him off. And
he'll do it, too.”
  He allowed his manager the best part
of a minute; and then, by giving a jerk to
the rope, he intimated that he wanted
Eade to follow.
  Eugene Pai was talking, protesting
vehemently and even using threats, when
Cartwright caught him by the throat.
A hand was clapped upon the man’s
mouth before he could cry out, and at
that very moment Headley took him from
behind.
 They tied a scarf tightly around
Eugene Pai’s mouth; and then, with his
hands bound behind his back, they lashed
him to the trunk of a tree.
  “That’s a makeshift gag,” Headley
whispered in the man’s ear, “but it'll
serve its purpose. You can’t escape; and
178
CHARLES GILSON
I	warn you, it will be more than your life’s
worth to make any attempt to give the
alarm. I’ll settle with you afterward, my
friend. You’re not going to get off scot
free for this night’s job, or I don’t know
the difference between Plymouth gin and
lime juice.”
  From the first, Pai had made no at-
tempt to struggle. The lantern had fal-
len from his hand, the light had gone out
and they were in utter darkness.
Madame Scala grasped Eade by an arm.
  “Battista!” she whispered. “See! He
is there! Those lights are on the launch.”
  At that moment Headley gave a grunt
of satisfaction upon having disposed of
their prisoner. When Cartwright asked
Headley whether they should relight the
lantern, Eade quickly interposed.
  “Better not,” said he. “The launch is
only just ahead of us.”
WITHOUT a word being spoken
they advanced in single file,
Cartwright again leading. Pres-
ently they were able to see the dense
foliage on either side of the path and the
rope-like creepers suspended in festoons
from the branches of the trees. It was
then that they discovered that Madame
Scala had forced hei* way to the front.
  Headley took her by the shoulders and
held her back forcibly, yet almost play-
fully.
  “This is no place for a woman,” said he
in an undertone.
  “My father!” she pleaded breath-
lessly.
  “I daresay,” said he. “But you can do
nothing. The fun may begin at any
moment, and if there’s shooting we’ll
want a clear field of fire.”
  Reluctantly she dropped back and
allowed both Headley and Eade to pass.
Cartwright was now some few yards
ahead. They could see his stooping
figure silhouetted against the lights on the
launch; and when he went down upon all
fours, they followed his example, to come
up on either side of him when he halted
behind the trunk of a great tapang tree
that had fallen across the path.
  In this they were in luck’s way; for the
tree trunk was not ten yards from the
bank on the stream, which was but a few
feet wide—only just wide enough, in fact,
to accommodate the motor launch.
  Amidships was a covered in saloon in
which no full grown man could have
stood upright, with three large portholes
on either side of it, all of which were open.
The light within emanated from two
electric lamps; and so blinding was the
brightness that neither Cartwright nor
his companions could see anything for
more than a minute.
  While they waited, they were able to
hear distinctly the voices of the two men
in the saloon, the one high pitched and
querulous, the other deep and quiet.
  By degrees John Eade became conscious
of the details of his surroundings. He was
first aware that there was a strip of water,
no more than a few inches in width, be-
tween the side of the launch and the bank
of the creek. In the bows of the boat were
two or three men whose figures, being in
the shade, were more or less indefinite,
though from the squatting attitudes they
had assumed they were evidently natives
of some sort.
  In the saloon the heads of the two
occupants were visible, the one front face,
the other with his back to the porthole.
The first was the emaciated, wrinkled
countenance of an old man who had al-
most snow white hair that stood upright
on his forehead, a short untidy beard,
white eyebrows and a mustache. His
eyes were deep sunken with black rings
round them—watery eyes with minute
irises. His complexion was a most un-
healthy parchment color; and his should-
ers, round and stooping.
  As for the other man, little of him
could be seen but a pair of enormous
square shoulders and very unusual black,
curly hair that grew as thick as a kind
mane over the nape of his neck. He was
evidently sitting upon a seat immedi-
ately underneath one of the portholes.
  It was he who laughed. Such laughter
John Eade had never heard in his life
before. It was laughter that suggested
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
179
the panting of a hunting lion. There was
neither mirth in it, nor satisfaction. It
suggested nothing but brute, physical
strength.
CHAPTER VIII
THE TURN OF THE SCALES
FOR THE MOMENT there ap-
peared to be no way of getting on
board the launch without being
seen. They lay there listening, not five
yards away from the very man they
wanted, able to hear every word that was
said.
  The conversation they overheard was
carried on in English and French alter-
nately. In moments of extreme tension
old Le Camus lapsed into his mother
tongue, though for the most part Scala
spoke in English. And it was he who did
most of the talking.
  “Have you ever known me not mean
what I say?” they heard him ask. “But,
my friend,” he went on, in a voice meant
to be conciliatory, “do not distress your-
self. She will come back to me all right.
She may be here at any moment.”
  “And then?” the old man asked.
  They could see. his face, scared,
agonized, like that of a man in torture.
  “And then?” said Scala. “To Singan,
where once and for all I have done with
both of you.”
  He rapped out these words with a kind
of vicious glee; and they saw him throw
back his black curly head, as if he
laughed again.
  “Yes,” he went on. “I’ve had enough
of you. Valerie has done her best to fool
me. But I am neither blind nor a fool.”
Le Camus was staring at him, hisjea-
tures immobile, his whole face like wax,
his lips parted. For a moment he never
moved.
  “Diable!” he exclaimed, and then in
English. “You are not human.”
  “I am too clever to be that, perhaps,”
said Scala. “You are nothing to me but
an incumbrance. I shall be glad enough
to get rid of you. Valerie knows that,
and therefore she will come back.”
  “What will you do with her in Sin-
gan?” Le Camus asked.
  “She shall have time to repent,” said
Scala. “For the rest of her life she can
find what consolation she can in a Malay
harem, and such sympathy as she can get
from the daughters of Malay fisherfolk
and Hainanese coolies.”
  The old man must have flung himself
upon his knees, for his face suddenly dis-
appeared, and they could see nothing but
his thin clasped hands. He spoke
volubly, excitedly, and in such rapid
French that of those who were listening
only Madame Scala could understand a
word.
  During these brief moments she ex-
perienced the most terrible anxiety, the
most fearful suspense. She was powerless
to help. She saw in torment—as she had
often seen before—the old, broken man
who was her-father. She knew the vio-
lence of her husband’s temperament and
his unscrupulousness. And yet all this
time she had the strength of mind and the
courage not to cry out and disclose the
fact that she and her companions were
there.
  She had crawled to Cartwright’s side.
When the old man flung himself upon his
knees, the young planter extended a hand
and grasped one of hers in a mute attempt
to strengthen her fortitude.
  Presently Le Camus rose to his feet,
and they could see the tear drops stream-
ing down his hollow cheeks, to hang like
like shining drewrops in his white un-
kempt beard.
  Sheer physical exhaustion had at last
silenced the old man. He stood there
trembling, panting. Scala made a cluck-
ing noise with his tongue against the roof
of his mouth, much as one does to a
naughty child, suggesting regret more
than disapproval.
  “Pray calm yourself,” said he. “I can
well understand that for you these
minutes must seem unconscionably long.
It is but natural that you should be over-
anxious. Permit me to recommend your
usual solace—the opium pipe.”
  He appeared to lean forward to take
180
CHARLES GILSON
something from the table in front of him.
The old man hesitated a moment, and
then cried out in French.
  “Never! Never again. The good God
will give me strength!”
  He must have flung the opium pipe
through one of the portholes, for they
heard something strike the trunk of a tree
in the jungle at their backs. And then
again Scala laughed softly.
  “How often have I heard you say
that,” he sighed. “My old friend, your
good resolutions grow monotonous.
Spare me the trouble of listening to such
cant. For once I have advised you for
your own good. If you are to be a sane
man when Valerie arrives, I suggest you
calm your nerves.”
LE CAMUS mastered himself with
difficulty. They could see his
face; he was moving his lips,
chewing the ends of his mustache. [Scala
had spoken in English; and, as if he found
he could better control himself when he
used a language with which he was not
thoroughly familiar, the old man an-
swered in English, too.
  “And if she does not come?” he asked.
  “You die,” said Scala quietly.
  “For myself,” sighed Le Camus, “that
would be—release, escape from hell.”
  Scala repeated:
  “If she is not here by daybreak you
die.	But, as I have said, my friend, you
have no great cause to fear. For Valerie
will come.”
  He said this in such confidence, with
such silken deliberation, in a voice so
soft and yet so venomous, that the three
men who were listening took in a
deep breath and tightly gripped their
weapons.
  They could still see Le Camus. His
face was like that of a corpse, more
waxen, more still than ever.
  Scala must have been looking the other
way, so sure of himself, so despising his
impotent and miserable victim that he
neglected for the moment the most ordi-
nary precautions.
  For they saw Le Camus’s face undergo
a rapid transformation. His numbed,
frozen features suddenly became alive.
With staring eyes and parted lips, his ex-
pression was that of a fiend.
  They saw him move forward quickly—
a spasmodic jerk of the body as if he
snatched something from the table.
Realizing what was going to happen,
those who were hiding in the jungle could
remain in idleness no longer. Madame
Scala gave vent to a half suppressed
shriek. Cartwright sprang to his feet.
Headley appeared in the light streaming
from one of the portholes of the launch,
with the bright barrel of his nickel plated
revolver gleaming in his hand.
  At that moment a deafening report
came to their ears. A revolver shot in the
confined space of the little saloon, break-
ing like a thunderbolt upon the silence of
the jungle. Though they sprang on board
almost simultaneously, John Eade was
the first to enter the saloon, where he be-
held Battista Scala dead.
  The man of Signan lay sprawled upon
the narrow red plush seat that ran the
length of one side of the saloon under the
portholes. His attitude was as un-
natural as his appearance was terrible; for
one elbow was pulled in under him, and
that shoulder was several inches higher
than the other, while the other arm hung
down to the floor.
  His legs were stretched out underneath
the table. He wore no collar and no tie.
His great muscular neck was like that of
a wild beast. It was clean through the
base of the throat that old Le Camus had
shot him, the bullet having smashed
through the cervical vertebrae of the
spine. Death had been instantaneous.
  John Eade had never seen the man
alive; but Scala looked formidable even in
death. There was a certain massiveness
about the lower part of his face that, in
spite of his good looks, gave him an ape-
like appearance. His lips were drawn
back, showing almost perfect teeth under
the black mustache. Upon the hand that
was visible there was a ring on nearly
every finger, including one in which was
set an enormous emerald; and these
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
181
'feminine ornaments looked strange, in-
deed, upon one who had the limbs of a
Hercules.
  As Eade turned his attention to the old
man, his companions entered the saloon.
Though he still held the smoking revolver
in his hand, Le Camus did not yet seem
to realize what he had done. He stood
motionless, astonished, as if unable to
believe. He never looked away from
Scala until his daughter flung her arms
around his neck. And by then Headley
had taken the matter in hand.
  “This can be hushed up,” said he.
“I’ll wire for Richardson, the district
officer, to come here at once. He’ll not
make a case of it. We’ve evidence
enough that this scoundrel has met with
no more than his deserts.”
OLD LE CAMUS, who had begun
to tremble violently all over, was
conveyed by Charles Cartwright
and his daughter to one of the little
cabins aft. Here madame remained with
him, while her husband’s body was
wrapped up in a blanket and laid out on
the saloon settee. By then Cartwright
had gone ashore with Eade and had
brought on board Eugene Pai, still
bound.
  Headley decided to return to Nolak by
way of the river instead of the jungle, as
he considered neither Madame Scala nor
her father in a fit condition to walk, and
they could certainly not be left on board
the launch. They had some difficulty in
finding their way in the darkness out of
the narrow backwater, but by the time
they reached the main river the full moon
was up, and a few minutes afterward they
anchored ofT the Nolak jetties alongside
the Chauve-Souris.
  Quental was hailed and told to take
charge of the three Malays who were on
the launch. But Headley was determined
to find a safer asylum for Eugene Pai than
the paddle-boat and a more trustworthy
jailer than Fernao Quental who was
known to have been the prisoner’s con-
federate in certain shady transactions.
  Two rickshaw coolies were routed out of
their hovels at the foot of the hill on
which was the Tamil compound; and
these were ordered to take Le Camus and
his daughter straight back to Headley’s,
with a note to Mrs. Headley, telling her
that all was well.
  In the meantime the Telegu clerk was
got out of bed, and Eugene Pai was
locked up in one of the inner offices until
such time as he could be questioned on the
morrow. It was about two o’clock in the
morning when Headley suggested that
they should all turn in.
  There is nothing remarkable about the
fact that all three should have entirely
forgotten the very existence of Liu Tang.
During the last hour or so they had had
quite enough to occupy their minds; and
besides, the after effect of acute tension is
as often as not a kind of mental negli-
gence. On the assumption that enough
had happened that night, to last a life-
time they were inclined to believe that
the whole business was ended.
  But it so happened that Liu Tang,
though long since incapable of wreaking
Scala’s vengeance on his enemies, had
prepared for them unconsciously some-
thing in the nature of a sinister surprise—
the kind of gruesome, practical joke that
might have afforded the astute, cold
blooded Chinese no little satisfaction.
THE THREE MEN were walking
abreast on the roadway and were
discussing every aspect of the
strange events of the night, when they
came to Cartwright’s bungalow. They
stopped at the foot of the veranda steps
to say good night to Headley, and John
Eade had actually climbed half way up
the stairs, when he let out an oath and
sprang down to the bottom.
  “My God!” he exclaimed, pointing up-
ward to the right of the house. “Look
there!”
  A half naked, rigid body was sus-
pended between earth and sky, between
heaven and hell—a yellow corpse that
looked to be floating in the moonlight in
mid-air.
  Like some great Oriental gargoyle, the
182
CHARLES GILSON
upper part of the man’s body protruded,
stiff and horrid, from the side of the
bungalow from under the eaves of the
attap roof, at the point where the canvas
ceiling of the front room ended at the
veranda.
  That he was dead there could be no
doubt, for the moonlight was full upon
his pale, gleaming body. Though the
greater part of his arms were visible,
these appeared to be pinned to his sides
in the sharp angle formed by the beam
that supported the roof and the outer
rafter that continued over the veranda.
His head had fallen downward and was
turned a little to the right, which made
it appear as if he was endeavoring to look
round the corner into the veranda itself.
  Cartwright was the first to find his
voice.
  “What do you make of that?” he
asked. “It’s Liu Tang all right.”
  “And he’s dead,” said Headley.
“There’s only one way to answer that
question, Charles, and that’s to get him
down.”
  They had some difficulty in doing this,
and it was a job none too pleasant. John
Eade, standing upon the top rail that in-
closed the veranda, was able to push the
body* away from Him, until it was no
longer wedged in the acute angle formed
by the rafter and the beam. Cart-
wright in the meantime had climbed out
of the little window at the end of the
sitting-room; and standing upon the sill
of this, he was able to grasp the body with
one hand and jerk it clear of the attap
roof. It came away with several dried
nipa leaves of which the thatch was com-
posed, as well as with a portion of the
canvas ceiling that must have been
rotten with damp. It fell with a dull thud
upon the close cut grass of the little lawn.
Headley had pretty thoroughly examined
the body with the help of his electric
torch by the time that his two com-
panions joined him; and he had found in
one of Liu Tang’s clenched fists Charles
Cartwright’s razor.
  “No signs of violence here,” he re-
marked. “There’s rigor mortis and he’s
stone cold. He must have been dead
some time. By gad, Charles,” he sud-
denly exclaimed, “you haven’t got a
wildcat in your bungalow by any chance,
have you?”
  “No,” said Cartwright. “There’s one
next door though. Beverley says it keeps
him awake half the night tearing up and
down the canvas ceiling after the rats and
lizards.”
  “Yes,” said Headley thoughtfully.
“That’s just it, Beverley’s rats have all
migrated to you. And you’ve got a worse
lodger up there in that roof than a wild-
cat. A snake, and a venomous one, too.”
Cartwright whistled.
  “You’re right,” said he. “That’s what
got him. But when did this happen?”
“Must have been in the earlier part of
the night,” said Eade. “You remember
Pai told Madame Scala that she would
find you with your throat cut?”
  “Do you mean he was in the roof all the
time?”
  “Sure,” said Eade. “Your boy, Ah
Yen, told us that he found Pai standing
on the veranda with his body all twisted
round, looking as if he’d seen a ghost.
Well, I guess he went up there after you’d
gone, to see what he could find out, and he
got the shock of his life. Liu Tang saw
him and spoke to him. Somewhere at the
back of the veranda there must be a gap
between the roof and the wall.”
  “There is,” said Charles. “I see what
you mean. Pai got his orders from Liu
Tang, who sent him down the river to
Scala. Directly he found Madame Scala
on board the Chauve-Souris, of course,
Liu Tang must have guessed that Scala
himself wouldn’t be far behind.”
  “That’s about it,” said Eade. “And
the fellow lay up here determined to do
his job properly with your own razor be-
fore he joined Scala. He played his cards
uncommonly well, too; for if madame had
found us both with our throats cut, there’s
very little doubt that by now she would be
well on her way back to Singan. You’ll
remember we went out of the bungalow
in a pretty great hurry, and we naturally
never looked back.”
THE THRALDOM OF SINGAN
183
  “He wasn’t there when we went to
bed,” said Charles, “before I put out the
lights. I’d swear to that.”
  “No,” said Eade. “It was when we
were waiting for him, pretending to be
asleep—and I don’t mind confessing I
was just about as nervous as I’ve ever
been in my life—that that snake got him,
and made a better and a quicker job of
it, Charles, than you and I would have
done.”
THE FOLLOWING DAY, the evi-
dence given by Mr. Eugene Pai bore
out the truth of Eade’s conclusions.
Pai declared that at about midday the day
before he had been out on the bungalow
road. He had seen Madame Scala break
from the jungle, exchange a few words
with a Chinese coolie on the pineapple
plantation and then make straight for
Cartwright’s bungalow.
  He had thought he had recognized her,
though he could scarcely credit his eyes.
A European lady, so scantily attired, who
staggered as if she had reached the last
stage of physical exhaustion, was an
object quite sufficient in itself to arouse
his curiosity.
  He had followed her to the bungalow,
where he had waited outside until Cart-
wright himself returned. By then, he had
made quite sure that it really was the
lady he had known in Singan. He had
heard Cartwright say that he was going
to take her to Headley’s; and when the
coast was clear he had gone into the
bungalow to try to find out what he
could from Ah Yen.
  He had been startled by a voice that
he recognized at once. When he was on
the veranda, he had seen Liu Tang’s face
up above him, at the point where the
attap roof crossed the outer wall. And
Liu Tang had told him exactly what he
had to do: He was to take a canoe and
go downstream, and sooner or later he was
bound to come across Scala, to whom he
was to give the news that Liu Tang had
been too late that morning to do the job
that had brought him to Nolak. But the
thing would be done all right that night.
It was of the utmost importance that he,
Eugene Pai, should tell Scala that
madame had been placed in the charge of
t he wife of the manager of the estate.
 When he had heard the evidence,
Headley looked across at Eade and
laughed.
  “Looks as if we’ve got to thank that
snake for a lot,” said he. “At the same
time, Charles, you’ll have to pull out
that canvas ceiling to get rid of the brute.
A wildcat’s preferable.” And by way of
explaining the matter to Eade, he added.
“In this part of the world, sir, you’ve got
to have one or the other. It’s a choice be-
tween two evils. That’s how we live out
here.”
  “Seems to me,” said John Eade, “that
on occassions there’re more than two
evils to choose from.”
 “Maybe you’re right,” Headley
laughed, and then shouted for stingers.
Detail
IT HONESTLY warms my heart, and
makes me feel that Adventure is doing
a truly great work in the world, to see
the way in which scores—on a bad break,
thousands—of readers come right up with
no hesitation, and criticize any mistake in
our pages. Though there are times on
any magazine when silly misrepresenta-
tions get through, I* think that this sort
of thing happens less often on Adventure
than—on what name you?
  Down here in the office we’re as careful
as we can be. Any questionable story is
read and re-read until it is well nigh worn
through. All authorities at our command
are consulted on doubtful points. Then,
if still there remains an argument, the
Ask Adventure experts are called in—
always with the author’s permission.
  In this way we feel that our fiction is
kept clean of cheap, careless errors, at
any rate—but even then, there come some
slips. Here is a small one—important
enough, however. One of our most popu-
lar and experienced of authors is criti-
cized, and admits the mistake.
  In the March 15th issue, in a story “Lost Le-
gions,” Major Malcolm Wheeler-Nicholson tells of
American and British sailors having black braid
on their collars. This he states because they
are supposed to be in mourning for Lord Nelson!
  How come? On every blouse I wore in the Amer-
ican Navy all I had was white tape. If it ever got
black—well we certainly did not hear about it.
Furthermore I heard it was that the neckerchief we
wore for mourning. Maybe I'm wrong. Let’s hear
from somebody that has some real facts on this.
Too bad that slip came early in the story; it left a
flat taste in what otherwise was an interesting tale.
  Tell Mr. Pendexter to stick to his short stories,
they can’t be beat, but his serials, not so good.
Give us more of Tuttle, Bedford-Jones, Nason,
Raine. They are all good.
And how about a long modern story on some big
city? Don’t tell me there is no adventure there.
  Sorry to have to butt in with a criticism. But
wishing you well, I am. Sincerely yours—Charles
reechia, 1636 Lexington Avenue, New York City.
Dear Mr. Reechia:
  The editor of Adventure has forwarded me your
letter containing the “How come?” concerning my
having ascribed black braid instead of white, to the
American sailors’ uniforms in my story, “Lost
Legions.”
  I must admit having stubbed my toe and landed
heavily on my left ear, on this detail. What makes it
worse is the fact that I really know better, although
my knowledge of the Navy is rather limited, being
confined to those rare meetings when Army and
Navy would get together for a good old fashioned
party. The resulting celebration was generally
such that all details became strangely blurred!
I remember meeting the gang from the Helena one
glorious Fourth of July in Hong-Kong. Sometime
I am going back to Hong-Kong and see what it
really looks like . . .
I believe it to be a fact however, that the Amer-
184
THE CAMP-FIRE
185
ican sailor actually does wear a symbol of mourning
for Lord Nelson. As you suggest, it is probably the
black neckerchief, which was copied no doubt from
the British naval uniform. There still sticks in my
mind some legend to the effect that there is a story
behind the braid worn on the American sailors’
collar. Perhaps some one who really knows the
facts can give Adventure the correct dope on the
mourning for Lord Nelson, and whether it is the
neckerchief or braid or both.
  Thanking you for your interest in the matter and
trusting that between us we can find someone who
can give us the correct dope, I am, Yours very
sincerely—major malcolm wheeler-niciiolson.
Their Day In Court
NOT TO CRAMP the style of Cap-
tain Guthrie, whose interesting let-
ter follows, may I say that I grin just a
trifle at his use of the word “spotless”?
Doubtless the captain knows his ground
far better than I; but I spent a couple of
summer seasons between the Skeena
River and the Aphoon Mouth of the
Yukon.
  May I add that olfactory memory once
made me reject unconditionally a darned
good story by one of our best known
Adventure authors, because he allowed
his chief character, a Dartmouth College
graduate, to fall instantly in love with a
Tagish Indian maid?
  Perhaps I was inflifenced just a trifle,
too, by the fact that I myself obtained a
sheepskin at that particular New England
college. At any rate, I understand the
story was purchased—without a qualm—
by an editor friend of mine who tilted
through Terence at a Mid-Western uni-
versity . . .
  Almost everybody in the States has a miscon-
ception of “Siwash,” a name generally and vulgarly
applied to the Alaskan Indian. In two years resi-
dence in Alaska as Officer in Charge of the Second
Section of the Washington-Alaska Military Cable &
Telegraph System, headquarters in Seward, I have
learned considerable about this people and respect
them far more than I thought I ever could, when I
came up here.
  The term “Siwash” is given as a designation
(generic) to cover the Thlingits, Aleuts, Eskimos
and all the native peoples along the Yukon and in
other parts of the Interior. The natives themselves
hate it fiercely and to not like even to be called
“Indians,” preferring “natives" if you have to men-
tion them as a class by themselves. I have found
great numbers of them intelligent, loyal, conscien-
tious and even artistic. In Alaska they are known
either to be slovenly housekeepers and unspeakable
cooks, or just the reverse. A native housekeeper
and cook who has had proper opportunity to learn,
is a household martinet and is widely appreciated
as a kitchen adornment. Some of the Interior
roadhouses are operated by fullbloods and are nota-
ble for their wonderful meals and spotless cleanliness.
  As mothers, the native women are sometimes
truly wonderful. A tribe near Ruby has had a
custom ages old, of trading babies. Their babies
are taken away from the mothers at birth, by
neighbor women, and raised on a mixture of moun-
tain sheep suet and a local weed that produces some
chemical action which reduces the nourishment of
the suet to the value of mothers’ milk. The children
thrive on it so well and the system has been so
beneficial to the health of the young mothers that
nobody in that tribe ever raises her own children
at all! In some Eskimo tribes children are wor-
shipped in about the same way the Chinese worship
their ancestors.
  Chief Alexander who lives near Tonsina says the
white man has broken down a civilization which
was superior to that he introduced. The so-called
Siwash of today wears good clothes, studies the fur
markets by radio, and votes. They are not always
uncomely. Some of the women are snappy dressers,
the young girls invariably dressing as well as the
average shop girls in the States, the clotheslines in
a native village indicating that they wear finery
from the skin out. Morally, the Siwash if given
proper training, is not different from other peoples
of immediate primitive origin; and intellectually they
are only a grade lower than the tribes in the States.
  One thing I have noticed that interests me very
much is that they have little real chivalry toward
women and apparently no family affection. Chil-
dren sent to Mission School lose contact with each
other, as brother and sister, and only refer to their
parents when questioned about them, and very
indifferently, at that.—Ralph r. guthrie, Captain,
Signal Corps, U. S. A., Seward, Alaska.
A Sunken Galleon
 ANY COMRADE want to go on an
exciting treasure hunt with George
Allan England—whose serial novel of the
sea begins in this present issue of Adven-
ture! For myself I find it hard to imagine
a finer vacation than one on which sun,
sea, give-and-take comradeship combine
with a strong possibility of profit! Par-
ticularly .when the other party to the
handclasp would be a chap nervy enough
to cavort about the Caribbean on a tramp
gasoline freighter . . .
  But read G. A. E’s letter.
186
ADVENTURE
  We are here at last after some very stirring
exi>eriences by sea and land. Came from Grand
Cayman, itself full of obeah, wreck and mystery,
on a freighter loaded with gasoline, which was worse
than an open barrel of gunpowder. Were over a
week on that death-trap. The slightest spark would
have blown us all to atoms. It was sure some tick-
lish experience, living in a heavy reek of gas, and
I admit I was scared. Mighty glad to get foot on
“terra cotta” again. I see a big story in this—
a maniac on a gasoline steamer, running amuck
with a torch. Have positively all the dope on this
sort of conveyance; far more than I enjoyed getting.
The captain told me the exact location of a Spanish
galleon on a reef not far from Cayman. He wants
to go after several “chists"’ of gold in three fathoms
of water, with me. I'll give you the whole story
when I get back to N. Y. He's a hardheaded old
Caymanian, and no phantom-chaser; positively
affirms the stuff is there, and that if we could get a
schooner and a diver we could salvage it.’ Seems
to me as if there ought to be some man with a bit
of cash and time, who would cooperate. The cap’n
and I have the time but not the cash. We could
give the backer the thrill of his life and a 25%
share of the loot. Maybe you can help me locate
the right man. This sounds like a wild-goose
scheme, but judging by the character of the cap’n,
I have entire confidence in it, the more so as some
friends of his have already taken a good bunch of
coin from the same reef. One months supplies
would be needed, as rough weather might hold up
the game. We should have to wait for a calm day
or two before diving. Think it all over, and prepare
for the full story when I arrive.
  I am now full of obeah, voodoo, treasure, Spanish
sunburn, sharks, palms, coconuts and bananas, but
no oil of same. In a few days, leave for the Virgin
Islands, then back here and to New York. With
best personal wishes, I am as ever, Most cordially
yours—ENGLAND.
  If any reader desires to inquire further
concerning this project, it would be wise
to address Mr. England at Bradford,
Now Hampshire.
Once Aboard Your Lugger—
 AND THE DELIGHT of far horizons
■tX- is yours! “The gal”—well, we’ve
always found her there, too. (Note:
For once we employ the editorial “we”!).
So shall you find her, probably in every
port—or even back of beyond.
  It’s the toughest thing I have to face—
this having to tell other comrades about a
thousand and one trips I’d like to make!
One of these times—in Camp-Fire—I’m
going to put in a bid for a certain chap I
know. He is six feet two, weighs one-
ninety, was a fair boxer, a poor-to-fair
shot, a good enough swimmer for thirty-
five, and able to cook desert or mountain
chuck. But he has never been to sea—
except on liners, and on two-masted fish-
ing schooners.
  I	won’t reveal his name. But if after
you read these letters which follow, if
you still are interested at all—
  Since I was a kid I’ve been watching the sil-
houettes of men from the far places, pass before
your Camp-Fire. I've brushed sleeves at times
with some of these “silhouettes” at Slave Lake,
Matamoras, Burk-Burnett, Miami, or on a little
Belgian boat or a liner. I chatted with one on a
broken wall at Soissons: stripped souvenirs from
another's plane at Fismes; picked up another’s
broken sword in the Avoncourt W'oods.
  Once in a while it occurs to me that I ought to
throw a chip or two on the Camp-Fire flames. I
have a chip—a little brass plate—that is good fuel.
It carries a name that electrified the world one hot
day in July a few years ago. But it will tell its
own story; and I'm almost convinced that I should
offer it for the walls when Adventure opens its igloo
as a meeting place for glorious vagabonds.
   Also, I’m going after more fuel for the fire. We're
going out in a windjammer when my partner gets
back. He’s gone down to see if the equator is still
in its proper place.
  Our boat is not quite sixty-five feet long and is
shoal draft, so we ought to be able to go lots of
places.
  And now comes the problem. We are going
purely for pleasure, and we have from now on to
make the cruise or cruises.
  We have been asking many questions. And still
we haven't decided just all we want to do. We
plan to cruise the South American and African
coasts. We’ll have a movie camera, motorcycles
and small speed boat. We’ll have short and long
wave length radio.
  Now we want advice. Perhaps we won’t take it
when we get it; but I’m asking for it. What would
you do, Mr. Adventure, if you wanted pleasure and
excitement and still do something which would count?
  I'm garrulous, I know, but you’re such a friendly
human and such a good listener.
  Our idea is to keep to the "back of beyond,”
visiting cities only occasionally.
  Haven’t you some pet “far place” which you
would like to visit by proxy? Or some animal
whose existence you’d like verified?
  Perhaps you ought to know our joint equipment
in knowledge. My partner is pretty smart; so we
know French, Spanish, German, English—photog-
raphy and painting—antiques—animals—geology—
geography—marine science— Well, we'll have a
large encyclopaedia along, anyway, to look things up.
THE CAMP-FIRE
187
  Suggest things. Thank you very much.—donald
mackay, U. S. Naval Hospital, C-S, Brooklyn, N. Y.
Dear Mr. MacKay:
  Adventure has delegated three of us to answer
your fine letter about suggesting something to look
for on your contemplated cruise. To me falls the
South American portion, or certain parts of that
vast continent.
  Your idea brings back to me an idea I had, years
ago. I had conceived making the overland trip
down through Central America from Mexico to
see how the work on the Panama Canal was pro-
gressing. The C. A. country was then, I believe,
much wilder than it is now. There were fewer rail-
roads and highways than there are now—and they
do not have them in abundance at this very time,
especially of the north and south variety. They
most all run east and west, what few there are.
  Well, I hit out. I made fair time through Mexico
down as far as the Isthmus of Tehuantepec and
asked the general manager of the Pan-American
Railroad for a pass down to the Guatemalan border.
He was a Mr. Wise from Texas. He insisted on
giving me a return pass, saying the trip I was going
on was impossible and I couldn’t even get through
from the end of the line to Guatemala City. I took
the return pass and used it as a passport when I got
locked up in a thatched fort on the border. The
officers could not read and I told them it was a new
sort of passporte, and they let me go. I was an
awful wreck when I finally hit the Canal Zone. I
had forded and swum dozens of rivers, some of them
literally crawling with alligators and dotted with
swimming sharks. I worked a while for the Govern-
ment and then hit South America. I made some
long walks in that country ^and I fear me I will
never recover from the effects of a few of them.
  Now I can sit right here and visualize the entire
S. A. coast all the way around from Panama back
to Colon. I ought to be able to do that, for not
only have I seen the coast for long stretches where
I hiked, but I have answered literally thousands of
questions about it in past years. I can also visualize
the entire topography of the S. A. continent in one
hunk and in small portions. I can take a pencil
and jab at a map and say “there” and “there” and
“there” you will find something. It’s a danged big
continent.
  There are not over a hundred real Indians left
down there. There are just a few stops on the coast
where something might be seen on the Pacific side.
These are (I am omitting the big ports): Salaverry
and go out to the Chan Chan ruins and make
enquiry about the general digging that has been
done in the past and try to spot the place where the
Little Fish was dug out. The Big Fish was never
found. The little one ran to about $8,000,000.
Also, for my part, I would like to know if the Peru-
vian Government will allow treasure and curios to
be carried out. I have heard a rumor that they
have shut down on the permits. The old aqueduct
and the modern sugar mill that's using it and the
general dope on the realm of old Chimu the Great
should give material for a magazine article or a
newspaper supplement.
  There is another similar but different ruin near
Lima, known as Pachacamac. These are not Inca
ruins. They are contemporaneous with the Incas
and were subjugated by them. (I don’t know
whether you can follow me or not, I’m getting all
spread out.) Pachacamac is fairly well known to
archaeologists. I’m thinking about the Big Fish
when I mention the Chan Chan ruins at Trujillo a
short distance by rail from Salaverry. Up in the
highlands of Peru are the pre-Incan Cyclopean
ruins and the Incan ruins in various places. These
are pretty well known. The same people put up
those big stones there that put them up on Easter
Island. Just who they were no man can ever sur-
mise. Along down the top of the Andes we have a
number of volcanoes and high peaks all the way
from Ecuador to Chile. The Quechua Indians (sub-
jects of the Incan kings) have been domesticated for
longer than we have.
  In southern Patagonia the nomad Indians used
to make their long circle up and back to the Straits
during a year. I don’t imagine many of them are
left now. There is a Welsh colony on the Atlantic
side of the Chubut River. There isn't much to see
all the way up to B. A. That’s a big city with all
that the word implies. Same all the way up to Rio.
The things to see are back inland. There is the big
southern pine forest in Brazil, the coffee ranches,
big cattle also in the south, and back behind that
an unknown country to the Andes. From Rio all
the way north there are rivers that might be inter-
esting to travel up. Then the Amazon is a 2,500-
mile trip to Iquitos. Any of the river trips up from
Iquitos put you into wild country. But you are in
a lugger and won’t be up there, possibly. Up
around the shoulder of S. A. you veer west around
the Guianas. Some gold up-country in all three
and some diamonds in British Guiana. There is
undoubtedly a connection somewhere between the
diamond fields of Brazil and this one. Trouble to
follow it is the heavy jungle. Back around Vene-
zuela you might make a trip or two inland to see the
llano country. The “poets” of the plains do the
herding. Then along the Colombian coast. At
Honey Shark Point you hit the San Bias coast.
They are much tamer than they used to be and
you can stop in their villages if you get back on
your boat before dark.
  The only thing I ever heard of being found in
South America that excited undue comment was
when I was in Panama. A sailor claimed he found a
prehistoric horse and killed it with a club. A quar-
ter of a million dollars was spent by an expedition
to go to the spot—and failed to find it. It might
have been a sailor’s yarn at that!—edgar young.
  —you might scribble a note to “Mr. X.”
It will reach its destination if sent in
care of— —Anthony m. rud
For free information and services you can’t get elsewhere
Alaska
THE Copper River region offers ex-
cellent prospfects for good fishing and
big game hunting.
  Request:—“About June I, 1928, my brother and I
intend to go to Alaska for about a two year stay
for an outing. We would like to go inland about
fifty miles to a place where wc could enjoy hunting
and fishing. Will you please furnish us with in-
formation as to the best part of Alaska for this
purpose, also as to equipment required for a trip of
that duration; also about what the cost of the trip
would be for clothing, arms and food supplies."
—geo. carter, San Quentin, Calif.
  Reply, by Mr. Theodore S. Solomons:—There are
so many, many places fifty miles or so from the
coast where you would have ideal conditions that I
hesitate to select any. Also the great Yukon Valley
is pretty attractive, with mighty good hunting and
fishing. You might say most anywhere.
  The big hunting region most people know about
is the Alaskan Peninsula, Kodiak Island and Kenai
Peninsula, and also around Prince William Sound
and the Copper River. You get plenty of big game
around there and big bear especially. But you’d
   have to employ a guide some of those places and you
   probably don't want to be bothered. It would cost
   you a great deal more to go into the Yukon, not only
   in transportation up there but in groceries and such
   afterwards.
Chicle
ROM the bush of far off Guatemala
comes the principle of one of our
favorite vices.
    Request:—“Will you tell me about chicle? How
  is it obtained? Are the natives of Central America
  the ones that made it into a commercial product
  —rose chew, Los Gatos, Calif.
    Reply, by Mr. Charles Bell Emerson:—Chicle,
  also called balta, the crude basis of chewing gum, is
  obtained from the forests of Peten District, in
  Guatemala. Balta is the dried juice or gum of the
  bullet or bully-tree, used for insulating wires, etc.
     It is the gum chicle of the bully-tree juice that is
   used in chewing gum manufacture, and also as a
   substitute for gutta-percha.
     The chicle is put up in bales weighing from 100 to
   150 lbs. each, making a bundle about the size of the
   cakes of artificial ice as sold ic the cities of the
   United States.
     The milk of the chico-sapote or sapodilla tree,
188
ASK ADVENTURE
from which chewing-gum is made, runs only during
the rainy season, from June to January, inclusive,
during which time the “chicle bleeders” are living
in the bush.
  The camps are located near aguadas (water-
holes), and sometimes are quite permanent camps.
The houses are palm-Ieaf thatched on roofs, with
sides made of boughs, but they are thoroughly water-
proof. At the end of this season of hard work the
chicle bleeders return to their homes for three or
four months to spend in a fortnight all they have
so laboriously earned during the seven or eight
months, and then they live on credit until the be-
ginning of the next season.
Needle Gun
OULD cure an Indian of wanderlust
at the distance of half a mile.”
  Request:—“Do you remember the needle gun—
fifty caliber center fire with a flip-up extractor that
threw the empty shell into the next county every
time? They were popularly supposed to be an
adaptation of the muzzle loading Springfield rifle
of Civil War days. They were issued to the settlers
in Central Nebraska in the Seventies as an antidote
for Indian raids, and they worked fine. I knew
an old scout who claimed he could cure an Indian
of wanderlust at the distance of half a mile. Some
range 50 years ago!
I want one of those guns, 100 loaded shells and a
reloading outfit, primers, etc. You will confer a
great favor on me if you will give me the ad-
dress of a company that can furnish this outfit.”
—f. l. bukee, Petersburg, Alaska.
  Reply, by Mr. Donegan Wiggins:—I well recall
the old “needle gun” or .50-70-450 Springfield. In
fact, I have two of them, one being given me by the
grandson of the man who used it in the Indian Wars
in the Seventies.
  They were good rifles, and very sure in killing
power; I even have two of the rare .58 rimfire, the
first variation from the muzzle loaders. And I knew
the men in the Antelope County, Nebraska, sand-
hills to whom similar rifles were issued by the
Government, as you mention.
  Now, as regards getting one of the rifles:
  Rifle at $3.50, or carbine at $4.50, cartridges at
$2.50 per hundred, primers at 90 cents per thousand,
are to be hand from the following firm:
  Messrs. Bannerman’s Sons, 501 Broadway, New
York, N. Y. The rifles are good used ones.
  For reloading outfit, the following sell one at $7.00
complete.
  The Lyman Gunsight Corp., Ideal Tool Dept.,
Middlefield, Ct.
  With this outfit, and a few pounds of black powder
and some lead, you should have a rifle that would
give you many hours' pleasure, as much in reloading
cartridges as in actually shooting them, and that
will kill game as dead as it ever did. I’ve fired my
old rifles, and while they smoke up the scenery a
bit, still they certainly do something when that
bullet arrives.
RECENTLY a New Jersey reader wrote
> Lieutenant Townsend of the Army
Matters section of “Ask Adventure” for
information concerning an Army camp
for his son. The letter with the address
of the writer was destroyed before it could
be answered. If this comes to the atten-
tion of this reader he is requested to send
his address to Lieutenant Townsend in
order that his question may be answered.
Our Experts—They have been chosen by us not only for their knowledge and experience but with an
eye to their integrity and reliability. We have emphatically assured each of them that his advice or infor-
mation is not to be affected in any way by whether a commodity is or is not advertised in this magazine.
  They will in all cases answer to the best of their ability, using their own discretion in all matters pertain-
ing to their sections, subject only to our general rules for “Ask Adventure,” but neither they nor the maga-
zine assume any responsibility beyond the moral one of trying to do the best that is possible.
1.	Service—It is free to anybody, provided self-addressed envelop and full postage, not attached, are en-
    closed. Correspondents writing to or from foreign countries will please enclose International Reply
    Coupons, purchasable at any post-office, and exchangeable for stamps of any country in the Interna-
    tional Postal Union. Be sure that the issuing office stamps the coupon in the left-hand circle.
2.	Where to Send—Send each question direct to the expert in charge of the particular section whose
    field covers it. He will reply by mail. Do NOT send questions to this magazine.
3.	Extent of Service—No reply will be made to requests for partners, for financial backing, or for
    chances to join expeditions. “Ask Adventure” covers business and work opportunities, but only if
    they are outdoor activities, and only in the way of general data and advice. It is in no sense an em-
    ployment bureau.
4.	Be Definite—Explain your case sufficiently to guide the expert you question.
190
ADVENTURE
  Salt and Fresh Water Fishing Fishing-tackle and
equipment; fly and bait casting and bait camping-outfits; fish-
ing-trips.—John B. Thompson ("Ozark Ripley"), care
Adventure.
  Small Boating Skiff, outboard small launch river and
lake tripping and cruising.—Raymond S. Spears. Ingle-
wood. California.
  Canoeing Paddling, sailing, cruising; equipment and
accessories, clubs, organizations, official meetings, regattas.—
Edgar S. Perkins. 841 Lake St.. Oak Park, Illinois.
  Yachting Beriah Brown, Coupeville, Wash., or Henry
W. Rubinkam, Chicago Yacht Club, Box 507. Chicago, 111.
  Motor Boating George W. Sutton, 6 East 45th St.,
New York City.
  Motor Camping John D. Long, 610 W. 116th St.,
New York City.
  Motor Vehicles Operation, operating cost. legislative
restrictions, public safety.—Edmund B. Neil, care Adventure.
  All Shotguns including foreign and A merican makes;
wing shooting. John B. Thompson ("Ozark Ripley"),
care Adventure.
  All Rifles, Pistols and Revolvers including foreign
and American makes.—Donecan Wiggins, R. F. D. 3
Box 75. Salem, Ore.
  Edged Weapons, pole arms and armor.—Robert E.
Gardner, 429 Wilson Ave.. Columbus, Ohio.
  First Aid on the Trail Medical and surgical emergency
care, wounds, injuries, common illnesses, diet, pure water,
clothing, insect and snake bite; industrial first aid and sanita-
tion for mines, logging camps, ranches and exploring parties
as well as for camping trips of all kinds. First-aid outfits.
Health hazard of the outdoor life, arctic, temperate and tropi-
cal zones.—Claude P. Fordyce, M. D., Falls City, Neb.
  Health-Building Outdoors How to get well and how
to keep well in the open air. where to go and how to travel,
right exercise, food and habits, with as much adaptation as
possible to particular cases.—Claude P. Fordyce, M. D.,
Falls City. Neb.
  Hiking Claude P. Fordyce. M. D., Falls City, Neb.
  Camping and Woodcraft Horace Kephart. Bryson
City, N. C.
  Mining and Prospecting Territory anywhere on the
continent of North America. Questions on mines, mining law,
mining, mining methods or practise; where and how to pros-
pect; how to outfit; how to make the mine after it is located; how
to work it and how to sell it; general geology necessary for miner
or prospector, including the precious and base metals and
economic minerals such as pitchblende or uranium, gypsum,
mica, cryolite, etc.—Victor Shaw, Loring, Alaska.
  Forestry in the Ignited States Big-game hunting,
guides and equipment; national forests of the Rocky Moun-
tain Stales. Questions on the policy of the Government re-
garding game and wild animal life in the forests.—Ernest W.
Shaw, South Carver. Mass.
  Tropical Forestry Tropical forests and forest products;
their economic possibilities; distribution, exploration, etc.—
William R. Barbour, care Adventure.
  Railroading in the U. S., Mexico and Canada Gen-
eral office, especially immigration, work; advertising work,
duties of station agent, bill clerk, ticket agent, passenger brake-
  Track Jackson Scholz, 73 Farmington Ave., Long-
meadow, Mass.
  Tennis Fred Hawthorne, Sports Dept., New York
Herald Tribune, New York City.
  Basketball Joe F. Carr, 16 E. Broad St., Columbus,
Ohio.
  Bicycling Arthur J. LeaMond, 469 Valley St., South
Orange, New Jersey.
 Swimming Louis DeB. Handley, 260 Washington
St., N. Y. C.
  Skating Frank Schreiber, 2226 Clinton Ave., Ber-
wyn, 111.
  Skiing and Snowshoeing W. H. Price, 160 Mance
St., Montreal, Quebec.
  Hockey "Daniel," The Evening Telegram, 73 Dey
St., New York City.
  Archery Earl B. Powell, Port Angeles, Washington.
 Boxing James P. Dawson, The New York Times,
Times Square, New York City.
  Fencing John V. Grombach, 60 East 34 Street, New
York City.
man and rate clerk. General Information.—R. T. Newman,
P. O. Drawer 368, Anaconda, Mont.
  Army Matters, United States and Foreign Lieut.
Glen R. Townsend, Fort Snelling, Minn.
  Navy Matters Regulations, history, customs, drill,
gunnery; tactical and strategic questions, ships, propulsion,
construction, classification; general information. Questions
regarding the enlisted personnel and officers except such as
contained in the Register of Officers can not be answered.
Maritime law.—Lieut. Francis Greene, U. S. N. R.,
23x Eleventh St., Brooklyn, N. Y.
  U. S. Marine Corps Lieut. F. W. Hopkins, Marine
Corps Fleet Reserve. Box 1042, Medford, Oregon.
  Aviation A ir planes; airships; airways and landing fields;
contests; Aero Clubs; insurance; laws; licenses: operating data;
schools; foreign activities; publications. No questions on stock
promotion.—Lieutenant Jeffrey R. Starks, 1408 "N"
Street, N. W.. Washington D. C.
  State Police Francis H. Bent. Jr.. care Adventure.
  Royal Canadian Mounted Police Patrick Lee, c/o
William H. Souls, 1481 Beacon St., Boston, Massachusetts.
  Horses Care, breeding, training of horses in general;
hunting, jumping, and polo; horses of the old and new West.
—Thomas H. Dameron, 911 S. Union Ave.. Pueblo, Colo.
  Dogs John B. Thompson (“Ozark Ripley"), care Ad-
venture.
  American Anthropology North of the Panama Canal
Customs, dress, architecture, pottery and decorative arts,
weapons and implements, fetishism, social divisions.—
Arthur Woodward, Los Angeles Museum. Exposition
Park, Los Angeles, Cal.
  Taxidermy Setii Bullock, care Adventure.
  Herpetology General information concerning reptiles
and amphibians: their customs, habits and distribution.—
Dr. G. K. Noble, American Museum of Natural History,
New York, N. Y.
  Entomology General information about insects and
spiders; venomous insects, disease-carrying insects, insects at-
tacking man, etc.—Dr. Frank E. Lutz, Ramsey, N. J.
  Ichthology George S. Myers, Stanford Univer-
sity, Box 821. Calif.
  Stamps H. A. Davis, The American Philatelic Society,
3421 Colfax Ave., Denver, Colo.
  Coins and Medals Howland Wood, American Numis-
matic Society, Broadway at 156th St., New York City.
  Radio Telegraphy, telephony, history, broadcasting, ap-
paratus, invention, receiver construction, portable sets.—
Donald McNicol, 132 Union Road, Roselle Park, N. J.
  Photography Information on outfitting and on work in
out-of-the-way places. General information.—Paul L. AN-
DERSON, 36 Washington St., East Orange, New Jersey.
  Linguistics and Ethnology (a) Racial and tribal tra-
dition, history and psychology; folklore and mythology, (ft)
Languages and the problems of race migration, national de-
velopment and descent (authorities and bibliographies), (c)
Individual languages and language-families; interrelation of
tongues, tlieir affinities and plans for their study.—Dr. Nev-
ille Whymant, 345 W. 23rd St., New York City.
  Old Songs That Men Have Sung Robert W. Gordon,
care of Adventure.
  The Sea Part 1 American Waters. Also ships, seamen,
shipping; nautical history, seamanship, navigation, small
boat sailing- commercial fisheries of North America.—
Harry E. Rieseberg, 2121 New York Ave., N. W„
Washington. D. C.
  The Sea Part 2 Statistics and records of American
shipping; names, tonnages, dimensions, service, crews, owners
of all American documented steam, motor, sail, yacht and un-
rigged merchant vessels. Vessels lost, abandoned, sold to aliens
and all Government maned vessels.—Harry E. Rieseberg.
  The Sea Part 3 British Waters. Also old-time sailor-
ing.—Captain A. E. Dingle, care Adventure.
  The Sea Part 4 Atlantic and. IndianOceans; Cape Horn
and Magellan Straits; Islands and Coasts. (See also West
Indian Sections.)—Capt. Dingle, care Adventure.
  The Sea Part 5 The Mediterranean; Islands and Coasts.
—Capt. Dingle, care Adventure.
  The Sea Part 6 Arctic Ocean (Siberian Waters).—
Capt. C- L. Oliver, care Adventure.
  Hawaii Dr. Neville Wiiymant, 34s West 23rd St.,
New York City.
  South Sea Islands James Stanley Meagher, 5316
Pine Street, Inglewood, Calif.
ASK ADVENTURE
191
  Philippine Islands Buck Connor, L. B. 4, Quartz-
site, Ariz.
  Borneo Capt. Beverley Gidoings. care Adventure.
★New Guinea Questions regarding the policy of the Gov-
ernment or proceedings of Government officers not answered.—
L. P. B. Armit, Port Moresby, Territory of Papua, via
Sydney, Australia.
★New Zealand, Cook Islands, Samoa. Tom L. Mills.
The Feilding Star, Feilding, New Zealand.
★Australia and Tasmania Alan Foley, 18a Sandridge
Street, Bondi, Sydney, Australia.
  Asia Part 1 Siam, Andamans, Malay Straits, Straits
Settlements, Shan States and Yunnan.—Gordon Mac-
Creagh. 2i East 14th St., New York.
  Asia Part 2 Annam, Laos, Cambodia, Tongking, Cochin
China.—Dr. Neville Whymant, 345 West 23rd St.. New
York City.
  Asia Part 3 Southern and Eastern China.—Dr.
Neville Whymant, 34s West 23rd St., New York City.
  Asia Part 4 Western China, Burma, Tibet.—Capt.
Beverley Giddings. care Adventure.
★Asia Part 5 Northern China and Mongolia. — George
W. Twomey. M. D„ Tyler Hotel. Louisville. Ky. and Dr.
Neville Whymant, 34s West 23rd St.. N. Y. C.
  Asia Part 6 Japan.—Sidney Herschel Small. San
Rafael. Calif., and O. E. Riley, 4 Huntington Ave., Scars-
dale, New York.
  Asia Part 7 Persia, Arabia.—Captain Beverley
Giddings, care Adventure.
  Asia Minor.—Dr. Neville Wiiymant, 34s West 23rd
St.. New York City.
  Africa Part 1 Egypt.—Dr. Neville Whymant, 345
West 23rd St., New York City.
^Africa Part 2 Sudan.—W. T. Moffat, Opera House,
Southport. Lancashire, England.
  Africa Part 3 Tripoli. Including the Sahara, Tuaregs,
caravan trade and caravan routes.—Captain Beverley
Giddings. care Adventure.
  Africa Part 4 Tunis and Algeria. — Dr. Neville
Whymant. 345 West 23rd St., New York City.
  Africa Part 5 Morocco. — George E. Holt, care
Adventure.
  Africa Part 6 Sierra Leone to Old Calabar, West
Africa, Southern and Northern Nigeria.—W. C. Collins,
care Adventure.	•
  Africa Part 7 Cape Colony, Orange River Colony,
Natal and Zululand.—Captain F. J. Franklin, Adventure
Camp, Via Box 33s, Azusa. California.
►{•Africa Part 8 Portuguese East. — R. G. Waring,
14837 Grand River Ave., Detroit. Michigan.
  South America Part 1 Colombia, Ecuador, Peru,
Bolivia and Chile.—Edgar YouncJ, care Adventure.
  South America Part 2 Venezuela, the Guianas, Uru-
guay. Paraguay, Argentine and Brazil.—Paul Vanorden
Shaw. Marlboro, Maine, c/o L. L. Brown.
   West Indies Cuba, Isle of Pines, Haiti. Santo Domingo,
Porto Rico. Virgin and Jamaica Groups— Charles Bell
Emerson, Adventure Cabin. Orlando. Florida.
  Central America Canal Zone, Panatna, Costa Rica,
Nicaragua. Honduras, British Honduras. Salvador, Guate-
mala.—CharlesBell Emerson. Adventure Cabin, Orlando,
Florida.
  Mexico Part 1 Northern. Border Stales of old Mexico,
Sonora, Chihuahua, Coahuila, Nuevo Leon and Tamaulipas.
—J. W. Whiteaker, 2903 San Gabriel St., Austin, Tex.
  Mexico Part 2 Southern, Lower California; Mexico
south of a line from Tampico to Mazatlan.—C. R. Mahaffey,
236 Fox Ave., San Jos£, Calif.
  Mexico Part 3 Southeastern. Federal Territory of
Quintana Roo and states of Yucatan and Campeche. Also
archeology.—W. Russell Sheets. 301 Popular Ave.,
Takoma Park. Md.
  Newfoundland.—C. T. James. Bonaventure Ave.. St.
Johns, Newfoundland.
  Greenland Also dog-team work, whaling, geology,
ethnology (Eskimo).—Victor Shaw. Loring, Alaska.
  Canada Part 1 New Brunswick, Nova Scotia and Prince
Edward Island. Also homesteading in Canada Part 1, and
fur farming.—Fred L. Bowden. 5 Howard Avenue. Bing-
hamton, New York.
•{•Canada Part 2 Southeastern Quebec. Jas. F. Bel-
ford, Codrington, Ont., Canada.
•{« Canada Part 3 Height of Land Region, Northern Onta-
rio and Northern Quebec, Southeastern Ungava and Keewatin.
Trips for Sport and Adventure—big game, fishing, canoe-
ing, Northland travel, also H. B. Company Posts, Indian
tribes and present conditions.—S. E. Sangster ("Canuck”).
180s Stroh Building, Detroit. Michigan.
•{•Canada Part 4 Ottawa Valley and Southeastern On-
tario.—Harry M. Moore, Deseronto. Ont., Canada.
•{■Canada Part 5 Georgian Bay and Southern Ontario
Also national parks.—A. D. Robinson, 115 Huron St.
Walkerville, Ont., Canada.
  Canada Part 6 Hunters Island and English River Dis-
trict.—T. F. Phillips, Department of Science, Duluth
Central High School. Duluth, Minn.
  Canada Part 7 Yukon, British Columbia and Albey.a.
Also yachting.—C. Plowden, Plowden Bay, Howe Sound.
B. C.
  Canada Part 8 The.Northw. Ter. and the Arctic, especially
Ellesmere Land. Baffinland. Melville and North Devon IslanJs,
North Greenland and the half-explored islands west of Elles-
mere.—Patrick Lee, c/o William H. Souls. 1481 Beacon
St.. Boston, Massachusetts.
★Canada Part 9 Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Mackenzie
and Northern Keewatin.—Lionel H. G. Moore, The Pas,
Manitoba. Canada.
  Alaska. Also mountain climbing.—Theodore S. Sol-
omons. 3009 Crest Trail, Hollywood. Calif.
  Western U. S. Part 1 Calif., Ore.. Wash., Nev., Utah
and Ariz.—E. E. Harriman, 2303 W. 23rd St.. Los Angeles,
Calif.
  Western U. S. Part 2 New Mexico. Also Indians,
Indian dances, including the snake dance.—H. F. Robin-
son, Albuquerque, Box 445. New Mexico.
  Western U. S. Part 3 Colo, and Wyo.—Frank Ear-
nest. Keyport, New Jersey.
  Western U. S. Part 4 Mont. and the Northern Rocky
Mountains.—Fred W. Egelston. Mina, Nevada.
  Western U. S. Part 5 Idaho and Surrounding Coun-
try.—R. T. Newman, P. O. Drawer 368, Anaconda, Mont.
  Western U. S. Part 6 Tex. and Okla.—J. W. White-
aker. 2903 San Gabriel St., Austin, Tex.
  Middle Western U. S. Part 1 The Dakotas, Neb.,
Ia., Kan. Especially early history of Missouri Valley.—
Joseph Mills Hanson, care Adventure.
  Middle Western U. S. Part 2 Mo. and Ark. Also
the Missouri Valley up to Sioux City, Iowa. Especially wilder
countries of the Ozarks, and swamps.—John B. Thompson
("Ozark Ripley"), care Adventure.
  Middle Western U. S. Part 3 Ind., III., Mich.,
Minn., and Lake Michigan. Also clamming, natural his-
tory legends.—John B. Thompson (“Ozark Ripley"), care
Adventure.
  Middle Western U. S. Part 4 Mississippi River.
Also routes, connections, itineraries; river-steamer and
power-boat travel; history and idiosyncrasies of the
river and its tributaries. Questions about working one's
way should be addressed to Mr. Spears.—Geo. A. Zerr,
Vine and Hill Sts., Crafton P. O., Ingram, Pa.
  Middle Western U. S. Part 5 Lower Mississippi River,
(St. Louis down), Atchafalaya across La. swamps. St. Francis
River. Arkansas Bottoms.—Raymond S. Spears, Inglewood.
Calif.
  Middle Western U. S. Part 6 Great Lakes. Also
seamanship, navigation, courses, distances, reefs and
shoals, lights and landmarks, charts; laws, fines, penalties,
river navigation.—H. C. Gardner, 3302 Daisy Ave.,
Cleveland, Ohio.
  Eastern U. S. Part I Eastern Maine. For all territory
east of the Penobscot River.—H. B. Stanwood, East Sulli-
van, Me.
  Eastern U. S. Part 2 Western Maine. For all terri-
tory west of the Penobscot River.—Dr. G. E. Hathorne, 70
Main Street, Bangor. Me.
  Eastern U. S. Part 3 VI., N. H.. Conn., R. I. and Mass.
—Howard R. Voight, P. O. Box 1332, New Haven,
Conn.	t
  Eastern U. S. Part 4 Adirondacks. New York.—Ray-
mond S. Spears, Inglewood. Calif.
  Eastern U. S. Part 5 Maryland and District of Colum-
bia. Also historical places.—Lawrence Edmund Allen,
23 Arlington Court. Charleston, West Virginia.
  Eastern U. S. Part 6 Tenn.. Ala., Miss., N. and S. C.
Fla. and Ga. Except Tennessee River and Atlantic seaboard.
Also sawmilling. saws.—Hapsburg Liebe, care Ad-
venture.
  Eastern U. S. Part 7 Appalachian Mountain south of
Virginia.—Paul M. Fink, Jonesboro, Tenn.
★	(Enclose addressed envelop with International Reply Coupon for five cents.)
>{• (Enclose addressed envelop with International Reply Coupon for three cents.)
The Trail Ahead
  The next issue of ADVENTURE, July 13th
€L A Complete Novel
(Jhe Explorer
A powerful story of a headstrong
youth who went seeking adventure in
the pulsing jungles of the Orinoco
By ARTHUR O. FRIEL
C. c-Also
^^ith The Help of the Enemy
Air Smugglers
and the
Border Patrol
A Complete Novelette
By THOMSON BURTIS
€L And—Other Good Stories
Or Resolution, a remarkably fine story of Medieval Italy, by F. R. Buckley; When
Everybody Knew, a good showdown for a bad man, by Raymond S. Spears; The
Buddhist Monk, a story of the Siamese rivers, by Theodore Roscoe; Oleman Hattie,
a tale of a Siwash Amazon, by James Stevens; Irish Promotion, a story of a fighting
mate, by Ralph R. Perry; No Limit, for crooked men and honest gamblers, by Charles
E. Barnes; Part Two of The Roaring Horn, a novel of a condemned windjammer and
its shanghaied crew in the world’s most perilous seas, by George Allan England;
Five Minutes, a story of the dockside, by John Murray Reynolds.
192
A
million
murders
/
FLIES! Summer’s
worst nuisance and
a filthy menace to
health!
   Every ny dies where
you use Elkay’s Fly-
Kil. Also mosquitoes,
ants, bugs, fleas and
other vermin.
   Klkay’s Fly-Kil is
easy to use, cleanly,
safe. Don’t muss up the
bouse with nasty,sticky
 flypaper. Spray with
 Elkay's Fly-Kil and be
 free from flying, crawl-
 ing pests. Sold only it
 Rex a 11 Drug Stores.
 SAVE with SAFETY®/your
     Drug Store
  You will rccognwc it by this sign
 Liggctt's arc also	stores
Stop Using a Truss
Kor almost quarter of a century satisfied thousinds
report success without delay from work. Stacks of
vv orn statements, on file: i'rocess of recovery natural,
so no subsequent use for a truss.
  No straps,
  buckles
  or spring-
  attached.
Soft as
velvet—
easy
to apply—
inexpensive.
STUART S ADHESIF PLAPAO P*DS an- ent-rrly diff rent from
trusses- -l»eliiK meHianiro-rliemi'M appllratoi:* made self-adhrsive
purposely i” ki'ep the musele-tuuh- “IM.AI'AO tonf inuoiislv ap-
plied to tlio altVeted pm is. and in minimi//* painful trielion and
si ippiii;:. Awarded (Jold Medal and Grand I'rlx. Trial of
"PI.A PA O’* will lie* sent you absolutely _—,
No eharirc Tor li now or over. Write |h 1^ li IU
name on coupon and send TODAY.	X IV M—d M—j
Plapao Co., 579 Stuart Bldg., St. Louis, Mo.
Name ....	.............
Address	.................
Iteiurn mail will Inina Free Trial "PLAPAO**
 ACC'fifflTANT
     Kxerotivc Accountants nnd C. P. A.'o onrn $3,000 to $10,000 a year.
     Thousands of firms need them. Only 9.000 Certified Public Account*
     •nu m the united Staten. We train you thoroly at home in spare time
     for C.P.A. examinations or executive account'ruc positions. Previous
     experience unneceaaary. Training under the personal supervision of
     William B. Cantenhols. A. M . C. P. A., and a large staff of C. P.
     A.'s. including member* of the American Institute of Accountanto.
     Write for free hook. “Accountancy, the Profession th**. Pa**a.”
     LjSjIIo Extension University. r>..t, 776-H. Chicago
     The World's Largest Business Training Institution
Yankee,S1.50
Radiolitc, $2.25
Wrist\Vatc!i.$3.50
Radiolitc, S4.00
You folks who want to know the time even
when you're away from the daily grind . . .
vacationing... and don’t want to carry an ex-
pensive watch along ... because it might get
broken ... Ingersolls were just made for you!
Sturdy, dependable, handsome, accurate, inex-
pensive and *seniai/! Everything you want
in a vacation watch and more than you expect.
That's an Ingersoll. And you can use it when
you get back to the job again, too.
   ★	A n immensely important point in a tow-priced
      natch. became you cun get your Ingenotlquickly
      repaired at nominal coil through the tngerjolt
      Service Departmental Waterbary. Conn. It will
      never become a ''"‘k!c». tuneleu orphan.
             INOEKSOLL WATCH CO.. Inc.
             NewYotk ( hicapo bin Frpncisco
Customs Inspector—"Got anything very valuable in this trunk? . .
The Traveler—"I should say so ... a whole carton of Chesterfields!”
THEY’RE MILD
and yet THEY SATISFY
 C !9?8. IIGGF7T * MYERS TOBACCO CO