Stories
* Latest
\ and
f Greatest

 You Never Saw
 SUCH VALUES!

 On every page of this remarkable
 Book of Bargains you wjjl find items
 of interest—over 500 illustrations of
 the latest features in Radio receivgrs
 and equipment—sets, accessories,
 parts and kits.

 Newest Improvements

  All the 1931 marvels of Radioland—1931
  Screen Grid, Tone Control, A.C. Humless All-
  Electric Sets, Mantle Sets, Public Address,
  Phono-Combinations, Dynamic Speakers,
  Beautiful Consoles—.as well as battery oper-
  ated sets. Also the brand new Slot Machine
  Radio—a big money-maker for restaurants,
  hotels, stores and public places.

 A Slaughter of Prices

Mold price standards are slashed to smither-
  eens in our new quotations. The finest mer-
  chandise that skill can device at lowest
  wholesale prices. We save you big money on
  any radio need.

P>“)e

At no time since the science of RADIO startled
the world have you been able to secure such as-
tounding values as the new Allied catalog brings
you.

If you contemplate buying either a complete set
or any single article of radio equipment, it will
mean money in your pocket to have this 1931
book of wonderful radio values before you.

 OUR BUYING POWER

alone brings you these amazing values. With re-
sources of over three million dollars, we maintain
an enviable position in the buying market. You
reap the benefit.

 Catalog is

FREE

Every buyer of radio
merchandise should
have this , catalog,
with its myriad of
money-saving feat-
ures. Send for it to-
day.

AIUED*RADIO

COR PC RATI O N

711 W. Lake St. Dept. P-2 Chicago
WONDER STORIES

625

 AH practical work on real
 k Electrical machinery A

Get Into One Of These

BIG PAY FIELDS

MAIL THIS COUPON FOR BIG                              MAIL THIS COUPON FOR BIG                                        
FREE ELECTRICAL BOOK--                                FREE RADIO AND TELEVISION BOOK                                  
U. e. LTW1S. PRESIDENT                                | H. C. LEWIS, PRESIOENT                                        
COTKK ELECTRICAL SCHOOL* Dept. 90-81                  [ RADIO DIVISION, COYNE ELECTRICAL SCHOOL                       
*©• S. Pwhi Street, Chicago, Illinois                 1 600 S. Paulina St., Dept. 90-8H, Chicago, III.                
GntWca: Please send me your big Free Electrical Book, | Gentlemen: Send me your Big Free Radio Book and all details   
vith iil U Mirations, This does net obligate me.      1 of your Special Introductory Offer. This does not obligate me 
Kmi                                                   jj in any way.                                                  
1 1 !                                                                                                                 
1 1 a                                                                                                                 
Amazingly Easy
Way to Get Into

ELECTRICITY

Don’t spend your life waiting for $6 raises in a
dull, hopeless job! Let me show you how to make
up to $60, $70 and even $200 a week, in Electri-
city—NOT BY CORRESPONDENCE, but by
an amazing way to teach that makes you a prac-
tical Expert in 90 days!

LEARN WITHOUT BOOKS
IN 90 DAYS

No Books) No Leseonsl You learn by doing actual elec-
trical work right here in the Coyne Shops. You are trained
on huge motors, generators, switchboards, transmitting
stations, power plants, auto and airplane engines, etc, You
don't need advanced education or previous experience.
You qualify I or real electrical work in 90 days I

Earn While You Learn

Don't worry about a job I You get free life-time Employment
Service. And don’t let lack of money stop you. If you
need part-time work to help pay living expenses. I'll help you
retit. Coyne is 31 years old. Coyne Training is tested.
You can find out everything FREE. Just mail coupon below,
asd 1 11 send you my BIG FREE ELECTRICAL BOOK, tell-
iag ail about jobs—salaries,etc. This does not obligate you.
J&rt send the coupon below I

Learn RADIO

TELEVISION

TALKING PICTURES

Every branch of Radio is calling for trained men I 6,000 Serv-
ice Men needed at once. Big call for Wireless Operators, both
at Sea and in the Air. Many joba open in Broadcasting Sta-
tions. Talking Picture and Sound Experts in great demand.
And now Television is on the way! Soon there'll be a de-
mand for thousands of Trained Men in thia one branch alone.

Say “good-bye" to $25 and $35 a week—get into Radio,
where thousands of jobs are open, pa ying $60 a week and

up Not By Correspondence

By Actual Work-in 8 Weeks

Come to Coyne and learn Radio in 8 weeks! NOT BY BOOKS
OR CORRESPONDENCE, but by actual Radio work on
actual Radio equipment — on scores of Radio receivers,
huge Broadcasting equipment, the very latest Television
transmitters. Code Practice apparatus. Talking Picture and
Sound equipment, etc. No experience needed. You learn
all branches of Radio in 8 weeks.

FREE EMPLOYMENT SERVICE

After you graduate. I’ll help you get the Radio Job you want
—and if you need part-time work while at school. I'll help
you get that, too. Coyne has been training men since 1899.
Let Coyne train you for a Big Pay Radio job! Mall cou-
'pon below for a copy of my BIG FREE RADIO BOOK, tell-
ing all about Radio, Television, Talking Pictures. Wireless,
etc. This costs you nothing. JuBt mail coupon below.

 Student working on Television
 transmitter in

Coyne Radio Shops
  THE OUTPOST ON THE MOON by Joslyv. Harwell..............630

(In three parts—Part One)

          They thought they would be the first t> ■ * « th. moon .... But when they fol-
          lowed the mysterious light .... they r c< -.red a great shock ....

  THE END OF TIME by Henry F. Kir Mam __________________658

          Seven million years into the future tb.-y ...... to witness the end of the

          race .... Were they to be pawns in a tremendous game of the distant future?

  THE SILENT SCOURGE by Morrison Col'.aday________________________________680

           Nothing could withstand them . . .. an crmy at bay .... a nation affrighted ....
           Then an unknown hero gave the clue ... .

  THE SYNTHETIC MEN by Ed EaH Repp ___________________________698

            In the dark of the night came the foot foils . ... the stealthy step of the synthetic
            man, eyes blazing with fury ....

  THE STRUGGLE FOR VENUS by Wesley Arnold ________________ ______ 716

           Suddenly all word from the expedition <>>< IVnus ceased . . . .were they dead ....
           or captives of a strange race . ... the whole world waited ....

  THE AIR-PLANT MEN by Roger Wulfres .. ___________________________________738

          There were millions of them .... feeding on the ground .... among them the
          girl that he sought ....

  WHAT IS YOUR SCIENCE KNOWLEDGE?______*________739
  SCIENCE QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS_____________________752
  THE READER SPEAKS—Letters from Readers _________________________ 754

    ON THE COVER taken from Mr. Repp’s thrilling story “The Synthetic Men”,
         we see the miracle man, Dr. Pontius, watching uneasily as one of his creations
         tries to escape from his prison. About the laboratory are the strange creatures
         and skeletons used by Pontius to create thinking, living, beings!

WONDER STORIES—Monthly—Entered as second clas3 matter In WONDER STORIES Is for sale at prir	in the

the Post Office at New iork, N.	under act of March 8. tjnilad States and Canada-

187U. Title registered l\ s. Patent Office. Trademarks and	vnr «vr<R Tn ►jr-oo/ ninr ini'	__l-.

     .NePr» ct. ^ownt8^	~ rS° iMKSB

Copyright, 1930. by Gernsback Publications. Inc. Text and 11- ““are also "““u for	' VvDIO CRAFT

lustrations of this magazine are copyright and must not be re-	, areA.,(fy.v? iji’TFrTi vrt‘u v- , w-tJ1?. 3

produced without permission of the copyright owners.	thich isthesame^ wovfjKk^roR^- L	I

WONDER STORIES is published on the 3rd of the preceding Flj M1'*	• nptioos can

month. 12 numbers per year, subscription price is $2.50 a year L?!„b r	; at a re-

in United States and its possessions. In Canada and foreign ,	! „. iciirt vm o ’	with

oountries, S3.00 a year. Single copies 25c.	current issue. "TIEN \ OI U M ite1 iu» . .<JN f xr IRES. we

Address all contributions Tor publication to Editor. WONDER enclose a renewal blank in tt-	N. inscription

STORIES. 06-98 Paik Place, New Vork. Publishers are not continued unless renewal rrmi:tir . r—

responsible for lost MSS. Contributions cannot be returned un- CHANGE OF ADDRESS. Alwayi ; -	: n wet] as new

less authors remit full postage.	address and notify us as far ic a^aace

                      STELLAR PUBLISHING CORPORATION
   H. GERNSBACK, Pres.	S. GERNSBACK, Treas.	I S MANHEIMER. Sec'y.

Editorial, Publication and Gener»l Offices. 96-98 Park Place, New Ysrk City.

Chicago Advertising Represenative—L. F. McClure. 737 North Micdit**

            I.onden Agent: Hachette & t’ie..	Paris Agent: Hachette & Cie . Aur.r»hi.~ .lev. M.'Cil. j Anency,

    10-17 King William St.. Charing Cross, W.C. 2	111 Rue Reaumur	i‘9 fcuxabetii	MeUwurne

- ■"»■ ■ **■ 626 * 1 """" '

Stories

THE MAGAZINE
OF PROPHETIC FICTION

Vol. 2, No. 7	December, 1930

TABLE OF CONTENTS
WONDER STORIES

627

 Jiffy Index

  Tou don't have to read
the books through, tl.e
rpceial .fiffy In del ena-
bles yon to pul your finger
on the information wanted
In a jiffy.

American Technical
Society Membership
FREE

  If you tend now for this brand
Dew « roiume edition of aufo-
mobllo engineering we will in-
ilube a consultation membership
in this great organization. Cur
largo staff of automobile and
aviation experts will be ready
to help you at all times—you
can wrile or irire any time for
tpecial information—answers will
be vent to you promptly WITH-
OUT COPT. This membership
ii> good for one full year.

iiiiiijiliillliii lllllllll

 MOW FIX ANY MAKE OF

SIX BIG AUTO
BOOKS ALL freePED

on approval; whether you want to Qualify #9 garage owner, auto repair
expert nr merely wish to know how to keep your own ear u*0v<? effi-
cient. look al these book5—they are sent to you for free examination.
This brand new 1930 edition has been prepared by a large croup of
America's greatest, automotive engineers. Any i.ody who can read wilt
understand them, for this great automobile encyclopedia is a veritable
gold mine of valuable facts. Take advantage of this great opportunity
now; send in the coupon for FREE ex-
amination. You don't pay us a penny,
you don't obligate yourself to pay any-
thing unless you decide to keep the
books, .lust tell us you want to see
them and the full set of 6 great vol-
umes. just off the press, will bo sent

 AVIATION MOTORS

to you. Bead them, look (hem over
and prove to your own satisfaction that
one fact alone, which you will And in
them, mav save you an expensive re-
pair, or help you to a better job.

   In addition to being a
 complete cyclopedia of auto-
 mobile engineering. these
 books contain over 100 pages
 on Aviation Motors, and as
 I bey are Just off the press,
 they bring to you the newest
 and latest Information ob-
 tainable This alone makes
 these books Invaluable to
 anyone.

   NEW 1930 EDITION
Every Page Up To Date

  Imioine books which are so new 'hat with the co-operation of the largest automobile
manufacturers we have been able to bring every page right, up to date—wiring dia-
Brans construction details, service problems—are all right up to the minute. Nowhere
that we know of <an you get a* complete and up to dato information. Over a
Mi'iinn .initan of resources have enabled us lo give you the most up to date books on
The «ul,iert ever published. You will find nearly 20 pages on front wheel drives alone.
E'crjbody iitere'ted in automobiles in any way will welcome these books, especially on

NO MONEY OFFER

  This plan Wings this valuable information within the reach of everyone. Tou don't
tend u« a Jingle penny; you don't have to pay us anything; just send your name and
address and we will send you the complete set of 6 volumes specially bound in Pe T.uxe
Flexo covers Head them carefully, keep them 10 days, find out anything you want to
know and then if you want to keep Hum send $2.00 then ami $3.00 per month until
the special low price of only $2'4.S0 is paid. There is no further obligation.

Learn All About Autos

  (let these •* big new
book? on this liberal
oner and leam ail the
thing? you want to
Know	carburetors,

transmission?. springs
erd tiring suspensions,
brakes, four-wheel
drive-, front-wheel

drives, lubrication sys-
tems as well as over
100 page* on Aviation
Motors—all of these
subjects are fully cov-
ered. These complete
anil comprehensive auto
bock? are your-, if you
want them, on this
easy plan. Send for
jour set now.

These books will be sent
*nd address and that

P—■■^■

! Send No Money :

| American Technical Society, Dept. A-88

■	Drexel Avc. at 58th St.

I Chicago. Illinois	■

■	I would like lo see the new fl volume 1930 edition of *
-your automobile hooks but without any obligation to buy. I

■	1 will pay the few cents delivery charges only and will •

■	examine the books and return them at your expense in 10 I

■	days unless 1 like them, in which case 1 will send you -
I $2.00 then and only $3.00 per month until the special ■

■	prleo of only $24.80 Is paid. You are lo include free, I

•	consultation membership certificate In the American Tech-*
I qjcal Society. Send brand new 1S3U edition.

I Name ._____— —---------.------------

■Street ......----------------------------------------------------------------------------!

*	City	State-------1

■	Employer’s Name---------------■

■	Employer's Address---------g

free immediately upon receipt of coupon with writer's name
of his employer or other business man as a reference.
628

WONDER STORIES

THRILLS

in the

AIR.

/

Tense, gripping stories of modern heroes who ride the sky lanes of
danger! Smashing, thrill-shot adventures that make you gasp with
wonder! These are the type of yarns you’ll find in

SKY BIRDS

The BEST Flying Magazine
on tlie Newsstands Today!

Here’s the December Line-up :

THE CRIMSON HORIZON, smashing sky sago,

MAMMOTH WINGS, fast-flying yarn,

By E. W. Chess
By Arch Whiteliouse

THE VOICE FROM THE AIR, baffling mystery of the clouds,

By Donald E. Keyhoe

      And More Stories by the
      Best Writers of Air Fiction

          In the December Issue
          NOW ON SALE

FREE!

Sterling Silver
Pair of Wings

with each 6 months’ subscription
to

SKY BIRDS

at the regular price of one dollar.

SKY BIRDS Magazine,	WS-12

67 We«t 44th Street,

New York City.

Enclosed find one dollar for a 6
months’ subscription to SKY BIRDS.
Please send me a sterling silver pair
of wings FREE.

Address _____

Name_____
VOLUME 2
No. 7

Wonder

wwStories

DECEMBER
1930

. . Prophetic Fiction is the Mother of Scientific Fact

                      Hugo Gernsback, Editor-In-Chief
DAVID LASSER, Managing Editor	FRANK R. PAUL, Art Editor

                      C. P. MASON, Associate Editor

  LIFE ON OTHER PLANETS

              By HUGO GERNSBACK

0	the average science-fiction
author, it is a foregone conclu-
sion that life on other planets
will be found similar to what
we have on Earth. Writers
talk about “human beings”
found on the planets Mars or
Venus, and these are usually assumed to be
constituted the same as our own race.

  Modern science scoffs at such notions; be-
cause the chances are less than one in a mil-
lion for finding a type even remotely resemb-
ling the human race on any of the plants that
could harbor life. There is little doubt, that
practically none of the planets, with the ex-
ception of Venus and Mars, are able to sujt-
port human life as we know it. Of the inner
planets, only Venus has conditions analogous
to those on Earth; while Mercury is certainly
iar too hot to support human life.

  Mars, being a smaller body than the earth
and not much larger than our Moon, presum-
ably cooled down millions of years before the
earth; hence the prevailing notion of science-
fiction writers is that the intelligence of
Martians, if there be any, must be far in ad-
vance of that of earthlings; while life on
Venus, which has not as yet cooled down and
has an almost impenetrable atmosphere, is
probably still in the dinosaur stage.

  Immediately the thought confronts us: if
Mars is a logical abode for human life, and
is so far in advance of the earth, then why
have those “human beings” not made their
presence known to us before?

  Furthermore, science today concedes that
interplanetary travel will probably come
about during the next hundred years. If
terrestrial beings, therefore, can make a trip
to the Moon or to Mars it seems absurd to
believe that the supposed Martians with a
civilization millions of years in advance of
hunvan beings should not have done likewise
during their evolution. If we are so far be-
hind in the scale of evolution as compared to
the Martians it would be more than pre-
sumptuous to believe that we can steal a
march on the®.

  Logically, then, something is wrong with
our reasoning. However a solution probably
is not so difficult to find; and while every-
thing in connection with this analysis must
be based on pure guesswork one of the
thoughts given below may contain the correct
answer.

  If Mars cooled down millions ©f years ago
and evolved intelligent life such as we know
it at that time, it is almost certain in that
case that the Martians constructed space-
fliers and visited the different planets.
They could not then make a landing on
Earth; for the simple reason that it proba-
bly had not cooled down or else it was in such
a state of development that it could not sup-
port Martian life. The same would be the
case with all of the other planets that they
visited. So the chances are that the Mar-
tians had to return regretfully to their own
planet and remain there until the race died
out. In this case, any future earth trav-
elers to Mars will find the remains of pre-
historic Martian civilization.

  On the other hand, Mars may contain in-
telligent life today, but not as we know it.
It may perhaps take the form of insect life,
and it is not even impossible that a race of
insects, similar to our termites or ants, who
can reason as well as we can, may have
developed. If the race is blind, as are ter-
mites, of course they could not know about
other planets; and would therefore make no
attempt to visit us. All of this is possible.
It would also support the theories of the
Martian canals. Such Martians may have
high intelligence, yet an intelligence that
could not conceive a space-flier.

  Third and last: evolution on Mars might
have taken an entirely different line of devel-
opment than on earth and it is not at all
necessary that intelligent life should have
developed on the planet. In this case, also,
such life could not conceive of travelling to
other worlds.

  Any one of the three guesses may be right;
and somewhere in between them we probably
have the eerrect solution.

629
The Outpost
   on the Moon

Illuslraled by Paul

They believed themselves alone on the desolate Moon♦
But then the ray of the Outpost flashed its
deadly challenge from the skies!

opening in the line of closely-packed car®
presented itself.

   The falling darkness brought with it a
light rain which rendered the highways in-
creasingly slippery, and as the approach-
ing cars turned on their headlights one by
one, the driving became very difficult. The
pace I was taking was the height of folly,
but I was cold to the marrow, and reason
was swept aside in my hurry to reach the
warmth which awaited. I rushed heedless-
ly past a sign which read “SHARP CURVE”
and swung over to the left-hand side of the
road in order to pass the car ahead of me.
Too late I saw the coupe roundiiig the curve

630

IT was late on a Sunday afternoon in early
spring. Impelled by a feeling of rest-
less loneliness, I had taken my little second-
hand roadster for a drive, wandering at ran-
dom over the highways, far from the city.
The day had been deceivingly mild, and I
had left my overcoat at home; now the
lowering sun and a chilling breeze forced me
to head for my little third-floor room in the
heart of the great metropolis. The numb-
ness of my fingers and toes influenced me
to discard the caution that crowded roads
and hurrying cars require; my foot rested
more and more heavily on the accelerator,
until I was passing the traffic wherever an
By Joslyn
   Maxwell

Fascinated I watched the machine climb into the pitiless sky.
Langley muttered: “Twenty men and one fool pilot!”

toward me. 1 could not drop back into
line, there was not time to pass the car
ahead; I must leave the road or crash. In-
stantly I chose the former alternative, swung
my wheel hard to the left and jammed on
my brakes. There was a moment of jarring
over rough earth, a violent shock, and I was
lying on the seat behind the twisted steering
wheel.

  It was one of those freak wrecks. The car
was completely demolished, yet I had es-
caped without a scratch. I found myself
unable to get out of the machine, which had
hit a telephone pole and was so bent out of
shape as to be almost unrecognizable. Pieces
of glass lay all about me, yet not one had
touched my skin. In fact, the only injury
I could discover outside of a severe shaking-
up was a slight bruise on my left elbow.

  While I was debating the best method of
escape, I heard voices close to the car, and
presently a head appeared through an open-
ing in the wreckage of the top.

  “Are you alive?” the owner of the head
asked excitedly, and a bit timidly.

    “Quite all right, thanks, but I can’t get
  out,” I replied. The head disappeared, and
  I heard a murmur of voices; people passing
  the news along to the constantly growing
  crowd:—“he’s all right”—“nobody's hurt ’.
  Presently the man who had first spoken re-
  appeared with a fence rail which he used
  as a crow-bar, prying open a hole large
  enough for me to get through, albeit with
  some damage to my clothes.

    I found myself in the midst of a circle of
  curious passers-by, most of whom, to judge
  by their expressions, thought that I had got
  no more than I deserved. Perhaps they were
  right, but I hoped that at least one of them
  would forget his prejudice to the extent of
  offering me a ride back to the city. It was
  in thus looking over the crowd that my
  glance fell on a familiar figure. I recog-
  nized him almost immediately as Barton
  Wiley, a prominent physicist, who during
  my attendance at the City College had been
  a young instructor. That institution had
  now grown to the proportions of a good-
  sized university, though still retaining its

631
632

WONDER STORIES

original name; and with its rise Wiley had
attained considerable fame through his ex-
periments in electricity. He was now Pro-
fessor of Physics. After thanking the man
who had liberated me, 1 spoke to him.

  “Do you remember me, Professor Wiley?
George Marland—1 was a graduate student
at the City College nine years ago.”

  “Yes, indeed, Mar-
land,” he replied. “So
it was you! Appar-
ently the laws of man
do not appeal to you
as much as those of
nature!” He laughed.

“May I give you a ride
back to town? I see
you were in a bit of a
hurry to get there.”

He indicated with a
wave of his hand one
of the autos parked
alongside the road, and
noting gratefully that
it was a closed car, I
accepted.

  We climbed in, and
he headed the car for
the city. On passing
through a nearby vil-
lage, I made arrange-
ments with the local
garage-owner to col-
lect such of my car as
was worth salvaging
and dispose of it to a
junkdealer for what
it would bring.

  As we proceeded to-
ward the city, there
was little conversation
between us, the profes-
sor being intent on
watching the road, and
I had an opportunity
to reflect on my acquaintance with him in
the past. During my graduate work, I had
come in contact with him often, and a
friendship had grown up between us. He
had urged me to accept a position as in-
structor at the college, but I had preferred
to try my luck in the commercial world.

 He had remained to watch the growth of the
 College; and after an unsuccessful attempt
 to find work in the laboratory of some large
 corporation, I had drifted into the news-
 paper business.

   My chief success in that line had been the
                      writing of near-scientific articles for the
                      Sunday supplements; but I had wearied of
                      the job, and tried mv
                      hand at one thing and
                      another. The interven-
                      ing nintT' years had
                      passed quickly, and
                      found me no nearer
                      to fame and fortune
                      than when I had grad-
                      uated. Perhaps if I
                      had followed his ad-
                      vice I should now be
                      in a position compar-
                      able to his own. He
                      was highly regarded in
                      scientific circles for
                      his research work in
                      the field of electricity,
                      and had made less
                      known, though per-
                      haps even more start-
                      ling discoveries re-
                      garding the structure
                      of the atom. Of his
                      methods I knew little,
                      but his results had
                      often been published.

                       He had succeeded in
 repeating the experi-
 ments of Rutherford,
 in which atoms of ni-
 trogen were broken
 down into helium and
 hydrogen; and it was
 rumored that he was
 working on the ever-
 fascinating problem of
 getting energy out of
 atoms. I welcomed an opportunity to talk
 over some of these matters with him, as pre-
 sented by our present accidental meeting.

 AS though my thoughts had suggested
 themselves to him, the professor turn-
 ed to me.

 j NE of the greatest ar- v
  I guments in favor of in-
  terplanetary travel comes
  from the lack of ability of
  our scientists to conduct
  complete studies of the
  heavens from the earth.
  The same blanket of at-
  mosphere that protects us
  from the cold of outer
  space and deadly rays, also
  serves as a blanket against
  our telescopes and other in-
  struments of observation.

    What scientists would
  consider as ideal would be
  a place of observation with
  no air or dust whatever
  separating them from the
  heavens. Then the sciences
  of astronomy and physics
  would get a real impetus
  from the discoveries that
  would follow.

    An outpost on the moon
  would do all these things.
  And if the earth were men-
  aced by an unknown yet
  terrible danger from space,
  such an outpost would be
  not only a plaything of
  science but a vital necessi-
  ty to our race. Mr. Max-
  well develops this theme in
  an exciting story of adven-
  ture and mystery that
  I will take us to the furthest >
  >limits of the solar system.'
THE OUTPOST ON THE MOON

633

  “How about having dinner with me?” he
asked. “Why not spend the evening? You
must have had some experiences during the
years since you left the College that would
interest a man like myself, who never gets
out of the laboratory except to teach
classes.”

  I told him that I would be delighted, but
that I was much more anxious to hear more
of his work than to talk of my own fruit-
less efforts.

  Accordingly we dined at a neat little res-
taurant close to the City College, near which
he maintained his residence. Our conver-
sation ran to pleasantries and topics of
current public interest; by common consent
we deferred deeper sub-
jects until we had finish-
ed the meal.

  When we reached the
professor’s comfortable
little apartment, and had
lighted cigarettes and set-
tled ourselves comfort-
ably, I again broached
the subject of his work.

He said nothing for a
moment, apparently lost
in reflection.

  He looked much the
same as when I had seen
him conducting classes;
a tall man, of rather
slight build, with regular
features too large to be
called handsome. His
hair, now graying slightly, was, as always,
perfectly combed; and in spite of hie shell-
rimmed spectacles and slight stoop, his ap-
pearance suggested rather the distinguished
man of leisure than the scholar.

  I was startled out of my contemplations
by his voice, mild and slow, yet with great
carrying power.

  “I understand, Marland, that you are con-
nected with a news agency, and if I remem-
ber rightly you have been the author of a
number of articles purporting to describe
the discoveries of research workers.”

  I nodded assent.

  He continued, “In that case I should
ordinarily have nothing to say. But since

I take it that your question has been
prompted more by a personal interest than
by a desire for news, and provided that
you give me your word that you will pub-
lish nothing I may tell you without my
express permission, I shall be glad to talk
over some of my experiments with you.”

  I assured him that whatever he said
would be held as strictly confidential, and
that my interest was purely that of a student
of science in the work of a successful re-
searcher. He smiled.

  “I can hardly be called successful,” he
said. “For the most part I have merely
done what others have done before me.
There was considerable comment in scien-
tific journals, I believe,
over my attempts to
change the structure of
the nitrogen atom, which
were in part successful.
As you doubtless recall,
the atom consists of a
number of charges of pos-
itive and negative elec-
trcity. These normally
neutralize each other; but
occasionally a change in
the number of negative
charges, or electrons, as
they are called, takes
place in the outer limits
of the atom; one or more
electrons may be picked
up or lost, and the atom
becomes an ion. This is
of course familiar to you, but I am merely
restating it in order that you may be pre-
pared for what 1 am about to say.

  “With the single exception of experiments
like those 1 have recently performed, no
one has been able to redistribute the pro-
tons, or positive charges. Of course, in the
very heavy metals, such as uranium, radium,
and the whole class of radioactive elements,
this goes on spontaneously; the nuclei of
helium atoms being liberated in the form of
alpha-ray8, and electrons in the beta-rays.
But to do it artificially to any of the other
elements, or to even speed up the spontan-
eous processes of radioactivity, is at present
impossible.”

JOSLYN MAXWELL
634

WONDER

STORIES

  J[ nodded, leaning forward interestedly.
“Even were this accomplished, it would
not necessarily result in the liberation of
energy. That is not the end to which my
efforts have been directed, contrary to cer-
tain reports. The aim of the modern al-
chemist—that of transmuting one element
into another, such as mercury into gold—
has been my field. As I say, I have as yet
been unsuccessful.

  “But let us suppose that one could, at his
desire, separate the protons and electrons
of an atom, and recombine them. It would
be possible for such a person to make at
will any element or chemical compound he
wished, from any other; or perhaps to cre-
ate a substance as yet unknown to us—a
metal whose atomic weight was greater than
that of uranium, for example. Such an
element would probably be highly radio-
active, if we may judge from the behavior
of those radioactive substances already
known.”

  “You mean,” I asked, “that it would be
possible in that manner to liberate the lat-
ent energy of the atom?”

  “No,” he returned, “that is not what I
had in mind. But a substance so unbalanced
in structure might easily be a storage bat-
tery, so to speak, of vast quantities of ener-
gy, which could be built up slowly and liber-
ated quickly.”

Less Than Nothing!

HE was silent for a moment, and I took
the opportunity to ask, “What of your
experiments in electricity?”

  “That has been more of a hobby with me
than a subject of real research,” he replied.
“The two fields are closely related, how-
ever. We know that electric charges are
merely unbalanced proportions of electrons
and protons, and that an electric current is
nothing more than a stream of moving
electrons.” Again he paused for a moment,
looking at me intently.

  “Marland,” he said, “If I remember right-
ly, you once remarked on the similarity of
the behavior of astronomical bodies to that
of electric charges of opposite sign, and
asked whether it might not be possible to

discover some sort of ‘negative’ gravity,
which would repel, and be repelled by, mat-
ter as we know it. I answered you, I believe,
by saying that the resemblance was merely
superficial: and to prove my point I called
your attention to the fact that when two
charged bodies approach one another there
is a redistribution of the electrons, which
repel each other and consequently are driven
to the far sides of their respective bodies;
while no such redistribution takes place
when two bodies are placed each within the
gravitational field of the other. Since our
discussion Einstein has brought out his
theory on the interchangeability of gravity
and electricity: and I have found, in the
laboratory, definite corroboration of his
views!”

  He stopped, but I remained silent, know
ing that he had not yet finished. Presently
he resumed: “We believe that an atom—
say of hydrogen, since it's the simplest of all
—consists of a positive charge at the center,
and a moving negative charge. We’ve as-
signed a pretty definite size and weight to
the negative charge—the electron. But the
hydrogen atom weighs nearly two thousand
times as much as this electron, so we say
that the difference must be in the proton;
and to make it agree with our theories we
say it has the same charge as the electron,
but is much smaller. I know it sounds
rather contradictory to say that the smaller
body has the greater weight, but that’s all
covered in the electromagnetic theory of
mass, some of which has been developed
9ince your time.

  “I fell to speculating on what would hap-
pen if the negative charge could be made
smaller, and therefore heavier, or the proton
larger and lighter. I devised some exper-
iments along that line, and with rather
startling results, I assure you. For when I
succeeded in exchanging the weight of the
proton and the electron I found that I had
actually created a ‘negative element’—one
which weighed less than nothing! Contin-
uing along this line, I made another cur-
ious discovery—that when a proton and an
electron of the same weight are combined,
their weight disappears ehiirely (though
not their inertia); and furthermore, they
THE OUTPOST ON THE MOON

635

absorb the force of gravity, so that matter
made up of these charges, which I have
called ‘equi-protons’ and 4equi-electrons\
weighs nothing, and is a perfect insulator
against gravity!”

  “Like Cavorite!” I exclaimed. H. G.
Wells’ famous story, “The First Man in the
Moon,” flashed into my mind. Here was
the very sort of thing that had enabled his
heroes to make their voyage to our satel-
lite. Why shouldn’t his dream become a
reality?

  “No, not Cavorite.” Professor Wiley’s
amused face brought me back to earth with
a flush. “Wells’ imaginary compound, if
you will remember, was made into shutters
fastened on the outside of his glass space-
car. But, unfortunately, you can’t make a
gas into shutters. And that is what I have
been experimenting with—hydrogen gas!”

  I experience a feeling of bitter disappoint-
ment. Stories of trips through interplane-
tary space, independent of the attraction of
the heavenly bodies as well as that of the
earth, had always excited my imagination;
and in the brief flight of fancy which I had
just experienced, I had hoped to actually
witness the accomplishment of this dream.

  At length my thoughts returned to Wiley’s
remarks. 1 was curious to know something
of the method by which he accomplished this
wonderful thing. The explanation which he
gave I shall not reproduce in detail, for
many reasons; primarily because the pro-
cess is not protected by patent; and also be-
cause the mathematics involved would be
meaningless to the average reader. Let it
suffice, then, that the procedure consisted
in passing hydrogen ions through electric
and magnetic fields of such intensity as had
not been produced anywhere else on earth;
and that, in the end, the dimensions of the
proton wrere expanded to those of the elec-
tron. Then, their charges being equal and
opposite, the respective weights became like-
wise. Wiley offered no explanation of the
absorption of the force of gravity; he con-
fessed frankly that it was beyond his ability
to explain at present.

WHEN he had finished, speaking, I
asked him whether he had tried thd
process on any substance other than hydro-
gen-ions. He replied that he didn’t believe
it would work with any others, but that he
intended experimenting with helium shortly.

  “You see,” he explained, “there are elec-
trons and protons bound together in the
nucleus of the atom; and you can’t very
well affect one without affecting the others.”
However, he said, he proposed to run the
test on a number of common elements, in-
cluding some of the lighter solids. In re-
sponse to my eager questions, he admitted
that should one of these last behave in the
same manner as hydrogen he would indeed
have a substance similar to Cavorite.

  “But,” said Wiley, “If it should turn out,
I’d have to keep it dark, else some idiot
would want to start right off on a trip to
Mars. Of course, no one with sense enough
to know the danger would think of it; and
it would take a man who realizes the danger
and who understands astronomy to carry it
through successfully. Yet there’s always
some fool ready to try it. He'd undoubted-
ly be lost, thereby giving the hopes of those
who might be competent a severe setback.”
“Not necessarily,” I exclaimed. “Why,
I’d be glad to undertake the trip. I’ve stud-
ied astronomy enough to plot my course.”
“You!” exclaimed Wiley.

  “And why not?” I demanded. “After all,
I’ve been enough of a failure at everything
else to deserve a chance at success in this.
And I’ve no connections, no property—noth-
ing at all to tie me here to the earth.”
Wiley regarded me steadily for perhaps a
minute, before speaking.

  “Well,” he said at length, “we’ve let our
fancies run away with us, since the success
of the vital element hasn’t been tested yet.
Our gravitation-screen is merely an idea so
far.” This was obviously intended to dis-
courage me and divert my attention from the
question of a trans-ethereal flight. His next
words, however, assured me that he expected
success.

  “If I were you,” he said, “I should let the
matter drop. In lime it will be accomp-
lished, but one is foolhardy to anticipate
developments. The first aviator didn't set
WONDER STORIES

off for Paris; he left that to a man better
trained, and with the equipment and exper-
ience developed through a quarter of a cen-
tury.”

  “True enough,” I answered. “The Wright
Brothers didn’t set off for Paris; but they
flew as far as they could. A flight to Mars
would perhaps be too much at present; but
why not a trip to the moon—only a two-
hundredth part of the distance?”

  “What would be the object of that?" ask-
ed Wiley.

  “What was the object of the Wrights in
flying their few miles?” I retorted. “To
show the world that it could be done, and
to encourage others to try it.”

  “Perhaps you're right.” he said slowly.
“But I must have your promise to say ab-
solutely nothing of what we have discussed
toriight.”

  —“Given—on condition that you keep me
informed of your progress in your experi-
ments,” I replied.

  We agreed, and I departed exultantly, for
I knew from his manner that he would be
successful if he made the attempt to produce
the gravity-resisting solid; and I knew also
that he would never allow the opportunity
for such a discovery to escape him.

  But my thoughts were turned away from
Wiley and his experiments in an unforeseen
manner. When 1 reached my residence I
found a call from the chief of my news bur-
eau. There were reports that China had
declared war on Russia; the Washington
office was short-handed, and I was ordered
to catch the first train there to cover devel-
opments. I hastily packed a suitcase, caught
the midnight train, and reported for duty
shortly before nine the next morning.

  During the next two weeks I found plenty
to occupy my mind. I was new at the task
of reporting political news; consequently I
spent hours where more experienced men
would have taken minutes, searching in vain
through the dark halls and airy rooms of
the big State, War, and Navy building for
someone with both authority and inclination
to speak; attending conferences at the White
House in company with a dozen or more
representatives of rival press agencies; or
waiting in the ante-room of the State Depart-

ment’s press bureau for a mimeographed
“handout” radioed from the Consul General
at Shanghai.

  News is no respecter of the clock, and
coming as it did from the other side of the
world, it happened as often as not that the
most important developments were reported
to the national capital in the small hours of
the morning. Time and again my slumber
was broken by phone calls from the inde-
fatigable chief of the Press Bureau, inform-
ing me that a statement was being prepared.

  It was after such a night, spent in trying
to beat rival reporters to the wire, that I
returned to my room and found a letter
bearing Wiley’s name above the return ad-
dress. I tore it open and read it at a
glance:

   “Dear Marland:

      “After trying unsuccessfully several
    times to reach you by phone, I was in-
    formed by your office that you were in
    Washington covering the Russo-Chinese
    outbreak and were apt to be there for
    some time. I had hoped to see you soon;
    but I trust you will communicate with
    me immediately upon your return.

      “Referring to our conversation of the
    other night, if you will come to my labor-
    atory at your earliest convenience I may
    be able to show you something of inter-
    est.

                      “Cordially,

“Barton Wiley.”

He had succeeded!

CHAPTER II.

Success!

WILEY’S letter filled me with an im-
mense impatience to see him at once.
A leave of absence from my duties at this
time was out of the question; the only re-
maining alternative was to resign. I gave
notice, and waited with what patience I
could muster until a man had been found to
fill my place, meanwhile notifying Wiley
of my intentions.

  Upon being relieved from duty, I caught
the first train, and hastened to the labora-
tories of the City College. I found my
friend making preparations for another of
his innumerable experiments, but on seeing
me he dropped everything and, dismissing
his assistant, led me to a corner of the room
THE OUTPOST ON THE MOON

637

where there lay a heavy box, apparently
fastened firmly to the floor. I could feel
a strong draft of air rising about it, and as
he unlocked it, the lid flew back apparently
of its own volition. Observing my surprise,
Wiley explained these phenomena.

  “As you probably surmised,” he said, “I
have been successful. I have in this box a
plate which is perfectly impervious to the
force of gravity. Nothing above it has any
weight; hence the vertical air-current and
the lightness of the lid.”

  He reached into the box and brought out
what appeared to be a square of blackness,
and laid it on the table. Do not misunder-
stand me; it did not in the least resemble a
piece of black wood or metal; there was no
reflected gloss, no appearance of solidity;
it was as though I was looking into a bot-
tomless hole in the laboratory table, and
the effect was heightened by the strong up-
ward draft. I commented on this, and
again Wiley satisfied my curiosity with a
simple explanation.

  “The color of this substance differs from
what we ordinarily refer to as “black’ in
that it absorbs practically all of the light
which strikes it,” he said. “Ordinarily
black paint reflects enough light to make it
visible, but the human eye is unable to de-
tect any reflection from this. There is no
visible surface, and therefore nothing from
which to judge its location. The effect is
the same as that of looking into an unlighted
hole.”

  I was struck by another thought. “If the
air above it has no w'eight,” I said, “won’t
ii escape into space?”

  “I hardly think so,” he answered. “This
plate is six inches square, and removes the
influence of gravity from a column that
large directly over it. • However, as the air
arises, it expands equally in all directions,
and the greater part by far is forced out
over the ground again. There are probably
strong currents high in the atmosphere
which blow the rising air out of line with
this gravity-resister. Then, too, think what
an infinitesimal portion of the globe it cov-
ers; all the rest is free to attract the air
after it gets a little way up.”

  “One more question,” I said. “Why
doesn’t the plate itself fly upward?”

  “I took the precaution to cement it to a
sheet of iron, on the under side,” said Wiley.

  For a few moments he demonstrated the
peculiar properties of his discovery; hold-
ing objects above it and allowing them to
rise until stopped by the ceiling, where they
remained until he slid the black plate from
beneath them, or juggling them up and
down by passing it back and forth, allow-
ing the force of gravity to act intermittently.
At length he returned the plate to its box,
pushed down the lid and fastened it. Then
he faced me.

  “Marland,” he said gravely, “think of the
possibilities of this discovery as applied to
aviation.” He paused to let his words take
effect; then he continued: “Suppose an air-
plane were equipped with enough of this
material to make its weight practically noth-
ing. The wings could be reduced to a size
sufficient to direct its flight upward or down-
ward, such as the ailerons at present em-
ployed. The air resistance would be cut
down enormously and the motive power
could be increased almost indefinitely, since
the weight of the engine would cut no fig-
ure. Think of the great air liners it will be
possible to build! Ships carrying thou-
sands of passengers, tons of freight, around
the world—anywhere!”

  It was a glowing picture he painted. Car-
ried away by his own thoughts, he enlarged
on the idea.

  “A plane could rise high into the thin at-
mosphere many mi^es above the earth, and
there attain such a speed as would carry it
across the Pacific in a few hours!”

  These words brought forward again the
idea which had lingered in my mind since
our previous talk.

  “What's to prevent such a plane heading
straight up and flying off through space to
the moon?” I asked. Wiley’s face became
grave, and he considered for some time be-
fore answering.

  “Nothing,” he said at length. “I could
depend on you to think of that again,” with
a smile. “But there are a few practical
objections to the idea. Suppose you did
head straight up and leave the earth; how
638

WONDER STORIES

would you steer so that you would land on
the moon?”

  “A matter of starting in the right direc-
tion,” I replied. “After leaving the atmos-
phere the plane would continue in a straight
line until stopped by some other force.*'
“Such as collision with the surface of the
moon?” asked Wiley.

  “Exactly,” I replied, “though the contact
should not be violent enough to cause a
wreck.”

  “And to avoid a wreck you must either
slow down before landing or start at a
low enough speed so that a direct collision
would not injure the plane. I am not an
astronomer, but I do know that the moon’s
atmosphere, if any, is so thin as to go un-
detected by any means known yet. Too thin
to slow down in, at any rate. If you adopt
the other alternative—start at a speed of,
say, five miles an hour—how long would it
take you to make the journey?”

  “About 43,000 hours; that is, 2,000 days,
or roughly five and a half years,” I said,
calculating mentally.

4 4 0 ATHER a tedious journey,” com-
At- mented Wiley. “And when you had
landed, how would you return, with no at-
mosphere to start in?” He smiled. “Better
stick to the earth, Marland, and leave your
interstellar voyages to the future.”

  “But we haven't exhausted the possibil-
ities yet,” I protested. “There are other
means of motive power than a gasoline en-
gine and screw-propeller. For instance,
suppose the plane were built like a rocket,
with discharging explosives to drive it. It
would be possible to start and stop in a
vacuum then.”*

  “Perhaps so,” agreed Wiley. “It would
require a considerable amount of gunpow-
der to give you much initial velocity, though,
and the same amount to stop. Then to go
back you would require still more.”

  “Only half as much as you think,” I re-
plied. “To start off, it would only be

•Newton’s third law of motion states: "To
every action there is an equal and contrary
reaction, or the two actions are equal and
opposite.” The small mass and great velocity
of the discharged explosive are equal to the
larger mass and smaller velocity of the rocket.

necessary to interpose the gravity-screen be-
tween the earth and yourself; the centrifugal
force of the earth’s rotation would do the
rest. At the equator you could start off
with a velocity of a thousand miles an hour,
and less as you liked from a higher lati-
tude. Returning with the same velocity
you need only turn the gravity screen tow-
ard the earth, and the atmosphere would
soon stop you. The discharge would be
necessary only on the moon.”

  “Right again,” said Wiley. “You know,
Marland, you’re beginning to convince me
of the practicability of this idea of yours.
The other factors are not insurmountable,
light, heat, air, and food. They’ve been
worked out by submarine builders.” He
arose and paced the floor nervously, then
faced me.

  ’“Do you really mean you’d care to try
try it?” he demanded.

  “Wiley,” I said, “there’d be no better
man for the job. I’ve been a failure so
far. I’ve nobody to care what becomes of
me if I shouldn’t come back, and it would
be a great help to science if I succeed. I’ll
start the instant you give your consent.”
He shook his head doubtfully.

  “I couldn't let the credit go to someone
outside the College,” he said. My hopes
fell as he continued, “After all I made
the trip possible, and I ought to take charge
of it." He regarded me quizzically. “But
FI I need an assistant who knows astronomy.
I can make a job for you in the Physics
Department; Cosmic Research, shall we
call it? You'd have to teach a couple of
classes. What do you say?”

  “Accepted!” I exclaimed. “I could ask
nothing better. When do we start?”

  “We start, if ever, when I have convinced
the Trustees of the College of the advisab-
ility of financing us,” was the reply. “We
can’t build our machine on knowledge and
hopes. But your first duties will be to
make complete specifications for the mach-
ine and a map of our course. I haven’t
the time, and your knowledge of Astrono-
my is much better than mine. I’ll leave
it to you.”

  Wiley had put it up to me squarely to
get the plan into presentable form, and I
THE OUTPOST ON THE MOON

639

resolved to do my utmost. The first prob-
lem was to determine the course we must
take in order to reach the moon. To the
layman it might appear to be a simple mat-
ter of waiting until our satellite was di-
rectly overhead and starting off, leaving
fhe rest to gravitation. But such a course
would probably have ended in our being
1 educed to gaseous elements in the sun,
or freezing and starvation as we drifted
lurlher and further away from the solar
system.

  The centrifugal force which would set us
lree would send us in a direction tangent
to the earth’s surface. To an observer be-
neath us at the moment of our departure
we would appear to rise nearly vertically
for a time, drifting more and more to the
west; and if he were to follow us with a
telescope we would disappear below the
western horizon, or “set”, as does the sun.
Twenty-four hours after our departure he
would find us almost due east of himself,
several thousand miles away.

  Supposing that we started from our own
latitudes, our initial velocity would be ap-
proximately seven hundred miles per hour.
Our course would be bent slightly upwards
—that is, away from the earth’s surface—
by the buoyant force of the atmosphere on
our weightless car, but once#free of the air
our course would be a straight line. My
problem, then, was to determine our ulti-
mate direction, and time our departure so
that we would meet the moon at whatever
point on its orbit we might choose. The
journey would require a little over four-
teen days.

Patient Plans

I NEXT turned my mind to the design of
the car in which we would travel. The
first consideration was its shape. The gra-
\itv screen was difficult and expensive to
make, so that the smallest surface possible
desirable. This of course suggested
a >>'here with its surface covered by the
gra* it *-opaque substance. It was necessary
t remove the screen at times, in order to
land; heoce the screen was to be divided in-

to hemispheres, one of which could be slip-
ped above the other.

  A second requisite was that the hull of
the car must be strong enough to withstand
the shock of the innumerable tiny meteor-
ites which fall with great velocity near the
earth, and are destroyed by the atmosphere,
but which would strike our craft when free
of the protecting air. High-grade armor
steel seemed suitable.

  Next, we must have a means of swinging
the moving half of the gravity screen from
beneath us, such as an electric motor; and
we must have light and heat. Storage bat-
teries seemed desirable as a source of ener-
gy, as their weight was no objection. Then
there must be a means of keeping the air
in the car breathable. This could be ac-
complished by driving the stale air through
limewater, and heating potassium chlorate
to liberate its oxygen from combination.

  Then there must be the means of stop-
ping. By storing hydrogen and oxygen at
high pressure and burning them in the right
proportions, steam under tremendous pres-
sure would be generated; and this, directed
as desired by nozzles, would stop the car
by the recoil of its departure. I deter-
mined on hydrogen and oxygen as an ex-
plosive mixture because of the convenience
of storing large quantities and ihe rela-
tively great energy of their combustion.
Last of all there was the matter of storing
sufficient food and water to last us during
the trip. In addition to the four weeks in
making the journey, we would spend some
time in exploring the surface of the moon,
and the return.

  I had entered on my duties as assistant
instructor, which consisted of taking charge
of a few laboratory and recitation classes
each week. The remainder of my time was
spent in the physics laboratories, sur-
rounded by drawing instruments, reference
books, and reams of paper with calculations,
drawing up plans and specifications, map-
ping our course and compiling data to pre-
sent to the Board of Trustees. During sev-
eral weeks I scarcely ate or slept, and when
at length the task was finished, I showed
the results of my work to Wiley with con-
siderable satisfaction.
640

WONDER STORIES

  In their final form, the plans called for
a steel shell twenty-five feel in diameter,
which was to be lined with asbestos. In-
side this was to be a second shell, with the
space between the two allotted to the stor-
age of the hydrogen and oxygen. The in-
ner shell was also to be lined with asbes-
tos, and have fastened to it I he storage
batteries and tanks of water, compressed
air and purifying chemicals. Next, inside
these, w'ere to be cupboards fur storing
food and such equipment as we took along.

  All this occupied a considerable portion
of the interior of the shell, leaving us but
a small space in which to live, but with the
idea of economy I had purposely made the
machine as small as possible. I had in-
cluded in my plans a sort of “diving ap-
paratus” with which to leave the car through
an air-lock which provided the only means
of entrance and exit. In the outer door of
the air-lock was the one glass window, or
port-hole, I had allowed. More than this
1 had not deemed advisable because of the
possibility of their being broken by met-
eorites. It could be covered with a steel
cap and need be exposed only for the time
necessary to make observations. The inner
door of the air-lock could be left open
when the port-hole was in use.

  Wiley went over my drawings carefully,
reading the specifications and estimates.

  “You certainly seem to have considered
everything,” he remarked. “I see you're
quite an astronomer; your explanation of
our course would be clear to anyone.
These data will help me to put the proposi-
tion up to the Trustees in a convincing
manner.” He put the sheaf of papers and
drawings in his desk, adding: “From now
on it’s up to me to put it across. I’ve been
talking to the head of the Physics Depart-
ment, Dr. Willson, and he’ll back us.
Heftner can’t see it at all, but you know
how these old-time astronomers are. He
predicts that we'll land on the sun, if we
ever leave the earth, and he’s refused lo give
us any help in the matter. But we don’t
need him, as Radner has agreed to check
your calculations, if necessary, and give us
any information we want regarding the posi-
tion of the planets.”

  “They’re allowed for,” I replied, “though
I'd be glad to have him go over my fig-
ures. But do you think it’s a good idea
to talk about this plan to so many people?
Don’t you think it would be better to keep
it a secret, at least until we’re reasonably
sure of success?”

  “I haven’t mentioned it to anyone outside
the faculty,” replied Wiley, “and I meant
to caution you not to. By all means we
must keep it dark. Too many men have
become the laughing stock of the world
over their fruitless attempts to plan to do
what we plan, and publicity would only
bring ridicule.”

  During the ensuing days I waited with
considerable impatience for the meeting of
the Board of Trustees. I devised, in my
mind, a thousand plans for financing our
trip independently should the Board turn
us down, mentally resorting even to specu-
lation in the stock market and bank rob-
bery; but the more I thought on the matter,
the more obvious was the conclusion that
we must be backed by the College or not at
all. You may imagine with what eagerness
I waited for news from Wiley when, on the
second of April, he went before the Board
of Trustees with our plan. During my
morning quiz I found my thoughts miles
away from the classroom, and twice caught
myself marking “A” opposite the name of
a student who reported himself unprepared.
At length I dismissed the class early, and
waited in the office of the Physics Depart-
ment for a phone call from Wiley.

  It was an hour before the bell rang; but
even as Wiley spoke my name, I knew the
outcome.

  “Marland, we u in! ' And he banged up
the receiver.

         CHAPTER III.
         First Flights

OF THE bustle and feverish activity of
the next few weeks I remember few
details. Wiley and I spent most of our time
in the laboratory making the gravity screen,
as we would not trust the precious formula
to anyone else. The contract for the outer
THE OUTPOST ON THE MOON

641

steel was let; and arriving in due time it
was subjected to every test the Physics De-
partment could devise. Occasionally Wiley
or 1 took time to supervise some detail of
the installation of tanks, batteries and such
equipment. There were many delays. A
whole shipment of plates for the batteries
was defective and had to be replaced; the
cement which we had ordered to fasten to-
gether the plates of the gravity-screen was
lost in transit; and the plate glass port-hole
had to be trimmed down to fit the frame.
An unforeseen difficulty, due to our lack of
knowledge of diving apparatus, arose when
we tested out the special suits in a vacuum
chamber. They enabled us to breathe as
we had expected; but the pressure of nearly
fifteen pounds per square inch stiffened
out the fabric so that we could not move,
the difficulty being solved by placing metal
joints at the shotrlders, hips, elbows and
knees.

  The school year was over, and it was
early summer, before the car was complete-
ly assembled. Neither Wiley nor 1 taught
any classes in the summer school, so our en-
tire time was devoted to the examining and
testing of the car. I was impatient to be-
gin our trip at once, but Wiley more pru-
dently planned to make a series of test
trips, cruising above the atmosphere for
awhile in order to determine the behavior
of the ship while actually free in space,
and to make observations on the number
and size of meteorites encountered.

  Our first trial trip nearly resulted in dis-
aster. The car had been carried to a field
outside of town, and after a final inspection
we entered, closed the air-lock and put the
gravity screen in position. The sensations
were exactly opposite to what one might ex-
pect after having ridden in high-speed ele-
vators, for with the force of gravity sud-
denly cut off from beneath us we felt as
though we were dropping rapidly an im-
mense distance, there, being only the slight
acceleration caused by the buoyancy of the
car to hold us to the floor.

  We promptly opened the port-hole and
found ourselves already some distance above
the ground (as we could tell only by the
proximity of the clouds, since our view be-

low was cut off). We quickly passed
through these, and by the blackening of the
sky above us we realized that the air was
becoming extremely thin. Soon some of
the brighter stars were visible. Almost ov-
erhead I recognized Capella, the twinkling
diamond of our winter nights, and well to
the east, nearly lost in the sun's glare, was
Mercury, the most elusive of the planets,
whom many die without seeing.

  As the diffusion of light by the air grew
less and less the sky was soon studded with
stars, and by reference to our watches we
saw that we were nearing the upper limits
of the atmosphere. Presently we began to
hear occasional light taps on the shell of
the car—falling meteorites of minute di-
mensions which had not yet penetrated the
protecting blanket of air far enough to be
burned by the heat of their passage. We
closed the cover of the port-hole for safety
and listened to the slowly increasing patter
of these wandering particles of metal and
volcanic rock. Occasionally one, louder
than the rest, denoted our collision with a
stone of appreciable dimensions, and once
a loud crack and noticeable jolt accompan-
ied the fall of a fair-sized meteorite.

  At length Wiley decided that we need go
no further from the earth, and reached for
the switch which rotated the moving half
of the gravity-screen from its position be-
neath us. Hardly had he made the con-
tact, however, when the car lurched violent-
ly to one side and capsized, throwing us
into a heap with all the movable objects in
the car in one corner.

  For a moment I thought we had been
struck by a large meteor, but presently I
realized what had happened. Imagine that
you have a ball balanced on one finger. If
you move your finger to one side, the ball
promptly tips to the other side and falls off.
That was what had happened to us. The
lower half of our spherical screen had been
moved, and the moment the force of gravity
took hold of the edge of the car, it drew
that side down sharply, upsetting the car
and turning everything in it upside down.
We were diving headfirst toward the earth.

  I scarcely had time to be grateful that
there were some fifty miles between us andl
WONDER STORIES

the ground when a new danger presented
itself. The interior of the car was becom-
ing uncomfortably warm, due to the fric-
tion of the air as we passed through it with
increas.wg speed. The mental picture of
ourselves landing on the earth reduced to
cinders in the midst of a blazing steel met-
eor galvanized me into action. I reached
for the switch with the idea of turning the
gravity screen into position, but the futility
of that soon became apparent. The shock
of the upset must have jammed it open.
Then I remembered the tanks of hydrogen
and oxygen. Shutting'off the current from
the motors which controlled the gravity
screen, I reached for the valves, turned the
gas into the nozzles beneath us and shot am
electric spark across them. There was- a
sharp report, a roar, and I was again pre-
cipitated to the bottom of the car as the re-
coil of'the burning gases checked our fall.

  We were saved from destruction by fall-
ing or by incineration, but there was still
h difficulty. Where, and on what, would
we land? I could see only one way to ans-
wer this question. After we had dropped
slowly for several miles, I shut off the gas
and opened the porthole for a look. All
I could see, however, was a bank of clouds
brilliantly illuminated by the sun. I must
wait until we were nearer the ground. Ac-
cording I again opened the gas valves,
braced myself and touched the igniting but-
ton.

WE fell several miles more, slowly pass-
ing through rarer layers of the atmos-
phere, until I estimated we were close
enough so that I could see where we were.
Moving as quickly as possible I cut off the
gas and opened the porthole. By pressing
my face close to the glass I could see the
city several miles to the east, with the silver
thread of the river winding close to it.
This offered an idea; if I could maneuver
the car to a position over the water and
drop into it there would be little danger.
I closed the porthole and startecL the gas,
this time from the nozzles to the west as
well as below me.

  My next observation showed that we were
nearly over the river and about a mile high.

I allowed the car to descend slowly until

it was only a few feet above the water, the#
shut off the gas entirely. There was a shook
as we hit the surface of the river; then,
after all motion had subsided I opened the
porthole once more, and the darkness out-
side told me that we were resting on the
bottom.

  During our headlong descent I had not
had time for more than a glance at Wiley.
He had been lying amidst the pile of loose
objects which had tumbled about the car
on the way down, quite unconscious. I
found a large bruise on the back of his
head, but apparently he was only stunned,
as his respiration and heart action were
normal. 1 found some water in one of the
tanks and bathed .his head. Presently he
came around and sat up. rather unsteadily.

  “Still alive, at any jrate, he observed
dryly. “What happened? Did we hit a
meteor?”

  I explained briefly. He nodded, and
made a hastly inspection. Apparently sat-
isfied, he turned to the switchboard again
with a warning to hang on. By means of
the gas jets he again capsized the car so that
the gravity screen was beneath us, and with
the aid of more gas we burst through the
surface of the water and into the sunlight

  We effected a safe landing on the field,
to the surprise of the few mechanics and
assistants waiting for us, who had witnessed
our drop into the river; and that night
found us again in the laboratories of the
College, bruised and shaken but still full
of impatience to undertake the journey.

  Before making any further trips it was
apparent that we must change the design
of the gravity screen. The simplest solu-
tion appeared to be that of making it in the
form of four quarter-spherical surfaces
mounted on common bearings, so that they
might be manipulated to expose any portion
of the car in any direction. They could
now be moved apart separately from the
lowest portion of the car so as to expose
equal portions on either side of the center
of gravity. This design possessed the add-
ed advantage of stable equilibrium, since
if the car should turn to either sidle, mere
THE OUTPOST ON THE MOON

643

of that side would be covered by the gravity
screen and tend to rise.

  The new screen was completed and put
in position on the car. Thereafter on our
test trips we met no more mishaps from
this or any other source, nor did we dis-
cover any injurious effect from drifting for
hours free of the earth’s gravitation. At
length we were satisfied that our car would
make the trip without mishap, and there re-
mained only to load it and wait for the
moon to reach its proper position. We had
decided that the most advantageous time to
land there.would be at the full. When our
tests were completed it was nearing the full
late in August, and since we would require
two weeks to reach it, we must start at the
next new phase. During the two weeks that
remained we busied ourselves in stocking
the cupboards with every imaginable kind
of canned and condensed food, reading
matter, and similar supplies.

  Finally all was in readiness. Toward
sunset of a clear autumn afternoon Wiley
and I bade farewell to those few of the
College faculty who were in town and pro-
ceeded to the field where the space-travel-
ing sphere awaited us. Wiley appeared as
calm as though he were about to take a
Sunday afternoon drive, but I must confess
that I felt considerable nervousness. We
had regulated our chronometer to a frac-
tion of a second, and as the orange disc of
the setting sun touched the horizon we en-
tered the car and bolted the air-lock fast.
Wiley took his position by .the switchboard,
while I kept watch on the chronometer.
At seventeen minutes, thirty-two seconds
after sunset he closed the switch that sent
us on our way, with that now familiar sen-
sation of dropping.

  We kept the port-hole open until we had
left the atmosphere, in order to verify our
direction; then, when the slowly-passing
stars had shown that we were headed for
the position the moon would take two weeks
hence, we closed the steel cap over the glass
and resigned ourselves to hours of reading
and sleeping punctuated ba occasional
meals and observations of the stars. We
agreed that one of us should always remain
awake, though for what purpose it would

be hard to say, since there was no navigat-
ing to be done.

  We had provided ourselves with shoes
having magnetized steel soles in order that
we might have some footing, for, being in-
sulated from the attraction of all the heav-
enly bodies, there was not even enough
gravity to hold water in a glass. Because
of this, an amusing spectacle presented it-
self when either of us went to sleep. Fol-
lowing our terrestrial habits, we lay down
to rest on whatever surface of the car ap-
pealed to us, but the slightest movement
was sufficient to send our heads away from
the wall of the car while our feet, anchored
by the magnetic shoes, held fast. One was
apt to find himself4 in any fantastic attitude
when he awoke. The sight of the wak-
ing person was even more grotesque, espec-
ially if he happened to be on the opposite
side of the car, for then the sleeper appar-
ently hung head down in peaceful repose.
We had brought along a camera and a sup-
ply of films, and I used several of these
making time-exposures of Wiley in various
attitudes, none of which, unfortunately,
turned out well.

Nearing the Moon

TEN days dragged by, marked only by
the hands of the clock, before the first
event of real interest occurred. We now
left the port-hole open continuously, since
the danger from falling meteorites was
small, due to their lesser velocity at this dis-
tance from the earth, and while looking
through it at the stars at Wiley slept, I
noticed a thin crescent of light on the outer
edge of the steel frame of the glass—the
rays of the moon. By a simple triangula-
tion I computed its position with respect to
our own, and knowing our respective velo-
cities, verified my expectation that we
would cross its orbit as it reached the full
phase.

  From then on, Wiley and 1 watched the
progress of the reflected rays down the
fiame of the glass until, by pressing our
faces close to the opening, we could see
the edge of the sunlit surface. It resembled
the moon-rise on a dusty evening, its color
644

WONDER STORIES

being a dirty ©range, and tbe disc was
much larger than as seen from the earth.
It was already near the full, but since we
saw it from a different angle than terres-
trial observers, only a little over half the
surface visible to us was lighted by the
sun. The mountain ranges near the ter-
minator (the dividing line between sunlight
and darkness) were plainly visible, as they
are seen from the earth through a small
field glass, and by employing the powerful
binoculars we had brought we reduced its
apparent distance to about thirteen hundred
miles.

  Because of the small size of the glass
port-hole we were forced to take turns ob-
serving it, and while Wiley was using the
binoculars I checked our position. We
were about forty thousand miles from the
moon and had completed five-sixths of our
journey. At this point the attraction of the
moon would overcome that of the earth,
and we would fall toward it unless we
turned the gravity-screen to that side of the
car. This would of course cut off our view
of the moon, except for an occasional neces-
sary glimpse while landing, when the screen
would have to be opened for a moment.

  I was about to call Wiley’s attention to
•this when he uttered an exclamation.

  “Marland, come have a look.” he called.
I hurried to the glass and he moved aside,
handing me the binoculars. I examined
the visible portion of the moon’s surface but
could see nothing out of the ordinary. I
was about to say as much, when he directed :
“Look on the dark side, near the south
pole.”

  I turned my glasses* toward the lower por-
tion of the globe. There, perhaps a sixth
of the distance from the equator to the pole
and almost on the terminator was a tiny
speok of light, barely distinguishable even
to my excellent eyes, and all but lost in the
glare of the sunlight on nearby mountain
peaks. At first I though it might be an il-
lusion in the glass, but I was struck by the

•The glasses were of course erecting glasses,
differing in, this respect from astronomical tele-
scopes through which inverted photographs of
the moon are made, giving the Impression that
the moon is “upside down," with the south
pole at the top of the'picture.

peculiar color of the light—blue, or blue-
green, with perhaps a slight yellow tinge;
but entirely out of keeping with the sur-
roundings. Even as I looked more closely,
it faded into the line of sunlight and was
invisible.

  “Did you see it?” asked Wiley.

   “I did,” I replied, “but it’s gone.”

   “Gone out!” he exclaimed.

   “No,” I returned, “it crossed the termin-
ator and was lost in the sunlight.”

  “Impossible!” exclaimed Wiley. “How
could it have crossed the terminator? It
was miles away when I saw it. Besides,
how could a volcano move?”

  “Volcano!” I exclaimed. “Do you
think it was that?”

  “What else could it be?” he demanded.
“Then why wasn’t it seen before this from
the earth?” I asked.

  “Plenty of reasons,” he returned. “In
the first place it was so faint as to be al-
most invisible, although we have no atmos-
phere between it and ourselves. The dis-
tortion produced by the earth’s atmosphere
would make it invisible. If not, it might
easily be hidden by a range of mountains;
you forget that we see the moon from a dif-
ferent angle now. And finally, it may not
have existed before now!”

   He seized the glasses and went to the port-
hole for another look, but after several min-
utes of close scrutiny he gave up, unable to
locate the light again.

   I suddenly recalled that it was high time
that the gravity screen were closed, and
raeutioned it to Wiley. He gave up his
position reluctantly, and I closed the. steel
cap over the porthole and set in motion the
motors to shift the screen. Wiley returned
the binoculars to their case 011 the wall and
remarked, musing:

  “What do you suppose could cause a
volcano to stop erupting like that?”

   “Probably it's still going, but you can’t
see it because of the sunlight,” I suggested.

  “No,” he objected, “it was too far from
athe terminator when I saw it. The sunrise
doesn’t move that fast.'

  “It might have been on a gentle slope,”
I said. “The sunlight would travel down
the slope pretty rapidly.”
THE OUTPOST ON THE MOON

645

FOR answer Wiley went to one of the
shelves in which were stored, among
other things, a number of maps of the

moon’s surface, together ‘'with a number of
photographs. From these he extracted a
view of the section we had just been dis-
cussing which, though seen from a different
angle, was still fairly recognizable. We
examined the map closely for some such
formation as I had suggested but failed to
find any which might meet the conditions.
Then we tried to recall the location of the
point as we had seen it.

  Wiley indicated by a dot the place where
he had last seen it, and I indicated where
it had crossed the terminator. We looked
at each other in considerable amazement,
for not only did our estimates as to the dis-
tance from the edge of the shadovT differ,
but my point was considerably further
north than his! Nor could we reconcile our
views. By reference to surrounding land-
marks it was possible to set limits to our
possible errors in observation, and we en-
closed each of our points in a circle which
made the maximum possible allowance for
such errors. Yet our two circles were a
quarter of an inch apart at their nearest
point! Wiley insisted that the light had
been well clear of the terminator, while I
was equally certain that it had crossed the
terminator.

  Allowing for the motion of the sunlight
itself while we had changed places—which
was, in fact, almost negligible, since the ter-
minator travels on the moon at about nine
miles per hour—we had still a difference
ei some fifty miles in our points. There
was only one inference; the light had
Moved!

  A further examination of the scant data
we had on the subject showed even more
•tArtling results. At the very least, the
•earce of the light had moved fifty miles
ia five minutes or less—from the time Wiley
i*d first called my attention to it until the
tine I had located it just as it crossed the
brder of the shadow. In other words, it
Ml have been traveling at a rate of six
ba»dred miles an hour!

  In ike face of such figures we were both
iac lined to question our minds as to the cer-

tainty of the position of the light. But the
facts remained unquestionable. Wiley had
seen it well in the shadow and I had seen
it pass into the light. It had moved, and
it seemed likely that its motion had been
very rapid.

  The subject of this mysterious traveling
point of light occupied our minds for the
greater part of the remaining journey. We
pored over maps and photographs of the
moon’s surface, speculated on the nature
of such a high-speed body, and thought erf
every possibility—so it seemed to us—even
going so far as to raise the question of
intelligent inhabitants, living perhaps on
the interior of the satellite, or even a form
of life which was not dependent on air for
existence.

  The thought intrigued us, yet I must con-
fess that my interest was not unnaixed with
apprehension. A people sufficiently intel-
ligent to maintain their existence in spite of
the evident lack of air or water on the sur-
face of the moon must necessarily be far
in advance of the human race in mental de-
velopment. We should probably be looked
on much as are the rats which invade our
homes in their own selfish interest, just as
we were at present bent on invading the
moon. The prospect had, at least, its ques-
tionable angles.

  Wiley, too, was*evidently thinking deep-
ly on the matter. He had put away the
maps and photographs and was sitting (in-
sofar as it is possible to sit without the aid
of gravitation) on the opposite side of the
car, his hands clasped around his knees, his
toes stuck under a projecting valve to an-
chor himself, gazing into nothingness. Pre-
sently he spoke, as if addressing himself to
his thoughts rather than to me.

  “Let’s see what we've got,” he said.
“First, I saw a light. Then you saw the
same light cross the terminator. We have
only estimates of the distance it moved, but
we agree that it was too far for the sun-
light to travel so as to cover a stationary
point. The best estimate gives it a velocity
of six hundred miles an hour. Suppose
we’re wrong by half that; it still moves
faster than anything on earth except bullets
and some airplanes. -The question is, what
646

WONDER STORIES

was it? A machine driven by some living
being? What sort of being could live on
the moon? There is no air—no water.
Even supposing a creature with a super-in-
telligence, such that could manage to remain
there now, how did it develop? The moon
must have lost its atmosphere and water
long before the surface solidified. It can
never have been a habitable globe like the
earth. Then either the creature, supposing
there is one, has a body radically different
from our own, or else he is an immigrant
from some other planet. But if the for-
mer, why has he never come to the earth?
And if the latter, why go to the moon at
all?”

  He sat huddled, motionless, his eyes half
closed, and presently he appeared to have
fallen asleep. I got out paper and pencil
and was about to re-compute our position,
as I was constantly doing in order to dis-
cover any deviation from,- our intended
course, when he uttered an exclamation.

  “Of course!” he cried. “Nothing sim-
pler! Mar land, what a pair of idiots we
are! Super-beings—life without air—
tommyrot!”

  I wondered what was the cause of this
outburst, but was quickly enlightened.

  “We have been fortunate enough to find
a new member of the solar system,” he said
smiling. “What we saw, Marland, was
probably a sub-satellite—the moon’s moon.
A little globe revolving around it at a dis-
tance of a few thousand miles—probably
not far from where we are; hence the ap-
parent rapid motion. It passed between
us and the dark part of the moon, then across
to the bright side and was outshone by the
reflected light of the moon. Too dim to
have been detected from the earth because
of the atmospheric refraction.”

  This simple and logical explanation of
the phenomenon presented such an easy
solution to the problem that we were both
surprised we had not thought of it before.
Wiley and I were both anxious to take a
further observation in order to determine
the size and behavior of this lunar satellite,
but this was out of the question at present.
Indeed, it was quite a problem to get

enough data to check our position, as wo
had to do frequently, without unduly ex-
posing •urseives to the attraction of the

moon.

        CHAPTER IV.
        Journey’s End!

AS THE hours passed, we drew closer
and closer to the end of our journey.
We remained awake constantly now, and
nearly all of our time was spent in calcu-
lating the exact moment and spot of our ar-
rival, from the latest observation. We
found that we should arrive somewhat to
the south of the equator, on the “sunrise”
side—that is, the portion on which the sun
had been shining for less than half of the
two-w^eks-long day. This section of the
moon’s surface was more thickly covered
with mountains than some, but there were
a reasonable number of level spaces, and
it was in this quarter that some of the most
interesting features of the globe were to be
found, such as the giant craters Tycho and
Copernicus with their radiating streaks.

  At length there remained only a thousand
miles or so between us and the moon. At
our present rate we should reach it in some-
what more than an hour. We spent the re-
maining time in arranging the loose articles
in the car, such as dishes, bottles, reading
matter, and similar debris, so that they
would not pile up on the downward side of
the car when we landed and opened the
gravity screen.

 The amount of junk which we had
amassed was tremendous: we had not both-
ered more than once or twice to make use
of the air-lock to throw out our trash, and
there were empty meat-cans, bottles and
such stuff which were of no use to us what-
soever. Wiley suggested that we pile them
into the air-lock so that they would be out
of the way and could be thrown out as soon
as we landed. We began this at once, but
the action immediately called our attention
to another fact; the air-lock was turned
toward the moon, and was covered by the
gravity-screen, since we had been looking
through its glass port-hole. It would be
THE OUTPOST ON THE MOON

647

down when we landed, and would make it
unpossible to leave the car. This gave us
a moment’s worry, until we recalled our
former startling success in turning the car
upside down during our first trial trip.
Accordingly we took our final observation
of position when we were but a few miles
from the surface, over one of the great
plains, termed “&as” by the early observers
because of their darker color.

  This one was known as “Mare Nubium”
Ithe sea of clouds), and we were approach-
ing the center of it. We quickly calculated
our velocity from two observations a few
minutes apart, then closed the port-hole for
the last time until landing and turned the
gravity-screen until the car rotated through
180 degrees under the influence of gravity;
then closed it entirely, shutting ourselves
off once more from all attraction. Then
we opened the valve controlling the flow of
gas into the jets pointed toward the moon
and touched the electric spark.

  Having become accustomed during our
two weeks’ journey to move about the car
as we pleased \yith no regard to the relative
directions of “fop and down”, we- had neg-
lected to hold on while doing this, and we
found ourselves in rather laughable circum-
stances as a consequence. However, the ac-
celeration of the gas was not sufficient to
throw us very violently to the bottom of the
car. and the situation was more humorous
than unpleasant. We had just picked our-
selves up and endeavored to become accus-
tomed to the strange sensation of direction
once more, when there was a moderate jar
announcing our landing. Wiley jumped to
>hut off the gas while 1 opened the gravity-
screen. The jar was repeated, the car hav-
ing “bounced” a little from the surface,
but it promptly settled down on an even
keel, and we were on the moon!

  So far our journey had been carefully
planned, but now that we had reached our
objective we were rather at a loss as to our
next step. “Exploration” had been vague-
i \ mentioned, but we had outlined no route.

  v.ever, our bodies had been cramped in
lue snail interior of the car long enough to
ct- -ire action, so with one accord we un-
packed our “diving suits” ^tbe term is poor-

ly applied, but we never gave them any
other name) and put them on. They were
unwieldy things, but with the slight gravity
of the moon we managed them quite well-

  1 was ready firsl, and released the fast-
enings of the inner door of the air-lock.
As 1 lowered this, I was showered by the
refuse which had been hastily piled into the
opening and forgotten in the excitement of
our landing. I took an armload with me,
leaving Wiley to bring as much as possi-
ble with him, and climbed into the air-lock.

  The doors to this could be fastened from
inside or out, so as to remove the necessity
of an operator inside the car. Once inside
the lock with the air-tight doors bolted fast,
a pump exhausted as much of the air as pos-
sible into the interior of the car, in order
to conserve our not over-abundant supply
of the vital gases. I had crowded into the
small space, fastened the door, and soon
afterward the swelling of my suit to its in-
terior pressure told of the pump at work.
1 waited with as much patience as I could
muster until the air was thinned out to a
near-vacuum, and released the catches to
the outer door.

  A blaze of sunlight such as I had never
seen before met my eyes. I wore dark
glasses, but even so the brilliant light re-
flected from the rocky plain about me was
almost intolerable. 1 stepped out onto the
top of the spherical machine, reclosed the
door, and after kicking the rubbish over the
edge began to survey the surrounding ter-
ritory while waiting for Wiley.

WE were situated approximately in the
center of a vast plain extending in all
directions to the horizon, broken here and
there by low elevations. The smaller and
closer ones presented an appearance sug-
gesting the crater formation familiar, to
those who have seen the moon through a
telescope, while those in the distance resem-
bled lines of jagged cliffs, being too remote
and too high to be seen in their true form.
The floor of the plain itself resembled a
mud flat from which the water has receded,
leaving its surface dried and cracked by the
sun. Indeed, we soon foun4 out that it was
much like that, the surface rock being split
648

WONDER STORIES

and checkered by ages of boiling heat fol-
lowed by cold unknown to the earth.

  The sky was even more remarkable—jet
black, with thousands of stars blazing with
a splendor beyond description. The sun
was dazzling, even more so than on earth;
by peeping over my arm I could see the cor-
ona, and a red spot which might be a huge
prominence. The earth was faintly dis-
cernible as a pale circle of light close to the
sun, visible only by the light refracted
through its atmosphere.

  My observations were interrupted when
Wiley’s head appeared through the air-lock,
and after blinking for a moment in the sun-
light he stepped out beside me. We had
no method of communication other than ges-
tures, supplemented by what lip-reading we
could do through the glass of our helmets,
but he presently made me understand that
he wished to descend and explore the plain
about us. We made our way cautionsly
along the curving surface of the sphere to
the ladder which extended up the outside.
I started to climb awkwardly down, but
Wiley made a flying leap from the twenty-
foot height on which we stood. I turned in
startled amazement, having forgotten the
slight attraction of the moon, and watched
him float as if on a parachute, landing with
perfect ease on the ground.

  I followed his example, but with less
grace, landing on my hands and knees, but
with no discomfort. We started off at a
brisk walk, but our first step lifted us clear
of the ground and we coasted several feet
before touching. Our muscles, accustomed
to earth-travel, instinctively exerted enough
pressure to bear our normal weight, but
meeting with little resistence lifted us clear
off the ground. We experimented a bit and
found that by leaning slightly forward we
could travel at a fast trot with practically
no effort.

  We set off in this manner toward the near-
est of the little craters. We must have
resembled a slow-motion picture of a pair
of sprinters, so leisurely were our move-
ments. Our feet raised clouds of the fine
dust which covered everything, but like ev-
erything else on the moon, this dust be-

haved in a strange manner. It rose to A
greater height than on earth; then, instead
of remaining suspended, large and small
particles alike fell to the ground, leaving
not the slightest haze behind us.

  Until now 1 had been so absorbed in the
new sensations which surrounded me that I
had not noticed a growing sense of discom-
fort, but suddenly I realized that it was
becoming intolerably hot inside my protect-
ing suit. The temperature increased as I
went a few steps further, and I realized that
if I did not find shelter from the sunlight
soon I would suffocate. I tapped Wiley’s
arm and started for the shadow of the near-
est rock. It was some distance away, and I
realized that I was rapidly losing conscious-
ness when 1 stumbled headfirst from the
glare into the blackness of night and fell
to the ground.

  My exhaustion perhaps saved my life, for
I had barely gotten into the inky-black
shadow of the rock, and lay with my face
only a few inches from its edge. As 1 re-
covered possession of my faculties I saw
that the glass of my helmet had become
coated with frost condensed from my breath.
The temperature around me was many de-
grees below zero; the effect of extreme
changes of heat on glass is well known.
No doubt the heat reflected from the sun-
lit ground a few inches away had saved my
glass from cracking and letting out the air.

  A few moments' cooling sufficed to set
my teeth chattering, and Wiley and 1 set
off once more, being careful to stop in a
shadow once in a while. We reached the
little crater toward which we had been
walking, and skipped up its side as easily
as two mountain goats. It was perhaps one
hundred feet high, the sides sloping at an
angle of about sixty degrees. The rim was
jagged and split by many fissures, while
pieces of rock had scaled off and slid into
the interior. From where we stood we had
a good view of the entire crater. It was
about five hundred feet in diameter, and the
floor was studded with tiny replicas of the
crater itself, a few feet in diameter, while
in the center was a small cone, rising to *
height of some thirty feet.
THE OUTPOST ON THE MOON

649

A Puzzling Phenomenon

AS we stood looking at the crater, an odd
thought ran through my mind. “Pan-
cakes,” I said to myself. Pancakes were
one of my weaknesses, and 1 had had ample
opportunity to make them during our trip.
The interior of the crater resembled a vast
pancake on the griddle. Bubbles of escap-
ing gas had burst, leaving holes as the sur-
face stiffened and solidified. Perhaps the
crater itself was such a bubble left by a
larger uprush of gas.

  We descended into the crater and exam-
ined the formations more closely. Every-
thing seemed to bear out my idea. As the
surface of the moon had cooled, gas had
formed in spots under the hardening crust,
and presently burst through, piling up the
semi-solid lava in a circle around the erup-
tion. Later, as the cooling proceeded, the
crust of the interior of the crater, being
thinner, was more easily broken; hence the
many small pit6. All this activity had long
since ceased, and the dust of ages of ex-
posure to heat and cold covered everything.

  At length we started back.to the car, for
despite the ease of travel we found the heat
quite enervating and the need of rest and
a meal was pressing. We had been gone
several hours, and we could not be sure just
how long the air in our suits would last.
We hurried along, going from rock to rock,
resting a few minutes in the shadow of each
and taking a slightly different route on our
way back.

  We had covered perhaps half the distance
to our machine when I felt Wiley touch my
arm. Looking in the direction he indicated,
I saw that not far to our right there were evi-
dences of the all-pervading dust having been
disturbed. We walked in that direction and
came to a patch of bare rock some fifty
yards across. The dust had been swept
clean, piling up around the edges of the
bare spot as if a circular windstorm had
blown it away. But that obviously was not
the cause of this phenomenon, as we well
know. What could have caused it? As I
turned the matter over in my mind, the
thought of meteorites occurred to me, and
1 started for the center of the space to look

for traces of meteoric stone. I examined
the ground closely, but found nothing what-
soever except a few scars on the rock itself,
as if it had been melted by some tremendous
heat. They seemed fresh, and might possi-
bly have been caused by the fall of a meteor.

  We continued our journey with no further
events, and presently were once more within
the car with a meal cooking on the electric
stove. Neither of us referred to the events
of our trip until we had finished eating and
settled down to enjoy a smoke. Then Wiley
spoke.

  “What do you make of that bare spot?”
“Probably the mark of a meteor,” I re-
plied. “It looks quite recent.”

  “Recent, yes.” He paused. “But why
haven’t we noticed any more meteors?”

  I thought for a moment before answering:
“Perhaps the earth gets most of them—its
superior gravity, you know, and so close.
They would have to be headed just right to
get here.” He nodded.

  “But why didn’t we find the meteor it-
self?” after a moment.

  “It probably hit hard enough to be heated
to gas,” I answered.

  “It would take considerable speed,” he ob-
served. “By the way, what velocity would a
meteor have, landing here?”

  “If you assume it to fall from rest an in-
finite distance away, it would be going a mile
and a quarter a second,” I said.

  “The Big Berthas did better than that
during the war,” he remarked. “Ever hear
of a shell turning to gas when it hit?”
“No,” I admitted. “But the meteor might
have exploded like a shell.”

  “Not likely,” he said, “but it’s possible,
I grant you. Perhaps our friends at the
City College are dropping us a note.” With
which remark he ended the discussion; but
long after I lay down for a sleep he sat up,
engrossed in his thoughts.

  I was awakened by the smell of food, and
found I had a prodigious appetite.

  “About time to get going, old timer,” said
Wiley. “You’ve slept the clock around and
then some.”

  We quickly dispatched the meal, donned
our “diving” outfits, and were soon out on
the surface of the moon. Despite the pasa-
WONDER STORIES

    of more than twelve hours since we had
last seen it, the son bad moved but little,
and everything was much the same. This
time we set out in a different direction to-
ward another of the small craters. This one
was more distant and somewhat larger than
the first, but we made better time in reach-
ing it and climbing its steep sides, having
kecome more accustomed to the strange
mode of travel. We sj>ent a little time ex-
ploring its interior, which was much the
same as that of the other crater, and pres-
ently made for the little cone which so often
is found in these formation in the center of
the circular hollow. Its sides were steep,
and on reaching its summit we found a vent
extending down inside to an unknown depth.
The sunlight penetrated a few yards, in
which the walls narrowed slightly, suggest-
ing a funnel; beyond this we could see noth-
ing.

  Wiley motioned me to follow him and-
started to pick his way cautiously down the
steep side of the funnel. I followed to the
edge of the sunlight, and we stood for a
moment trying to fathom the inky depths.
Presently our eyes became more accustomed
to the darkness and we could see the faint
gleams reflected from footholds just below
us. We took a few steps downward and were
surrounded by darkness.

  Suddenly I was startled to see the side of
the pit opposite me illuminated. 1 looked
for the source of the light, and discovered
that Wiley had succeeded in withdrawing his
arm from its covering into his suit, and had
taken a flashlight from his pocket and di-
rected it through the glass of his helmet. He
turned it into my face, then away, and I
could see that he was laughing at my sur-
prised look.* Then he turned the light below
him and led the way further into the depths.

  We descended for perhaps another hun-
dred feet, the walls of the funnel narrowing
until we could brace our feet against one
side and our backs on the other. We paused,
and Wiley turned the light downward. The
shaft continued toward the center of the
moon, no one could say how far, without
becoming much narrower. 1 would have
liked to continue, but it was inadvisable,

as we had quite a climb back to the surface
and must consider our air-suppty.

I looked up. The funnel framed a circu-
lar patch of sky above us, in which the
brighter stars blazed with brilliant splendor
on a jet-black background powdered with
other stars too small to be distinguished one
from another.

  It was now some twenty-four hours since
we had landed, and for the first time I saw
the surface of our mother earth. Not very
much, to be sure, only a thin sliver of fight
was visible, like a huge day-old moon. The
crescent shone with a brilliance far sur-
passing everything in the heavens except
the sun. I wondered what what it would be
like at the full, when the sun would have
set on our side of the moon.

  One moment 1 was looking at the silver
thread of the earth; the next I was blinded
by a glare of light sweeping across my field
of vision. The heavens were obscured by a
broad fan-tail of flame, blue, or blue-green,
with a tinge of yellow in it. 1 closed my
eyes for a moment to let the dancing spots
on my overtaxed retinas fade and looked
again, but it was gone. In the glimpse I
had had it seemed to be moving to the south-
ward. 1 thought I could detect a glow on
the northern side of the funnel above me, but
my eyes were still too blinded to be certain.

  I felt Wiley below me pushing me upward
urgently, and with as much speed as pos-
sible I scrambled up the side of the pit. It
required perhaps five minutes to reach the
top. We faced south with one accord, and
there, over the rim of the crater, far in the
distance, could be seen a faint blue-yellow
glow. It did not strike me as strange at the
moment, but Wiley pointed out its meaning
later.

  We had retraced our steps to the car and
were discussing the appearance of the light.

  “Did you notice the after-glow?” he asked,
and as I nodded, ‘*Do you realize what that
means? Gas, Marland. There must have
been gas. You know that light cannot be
diffused in a vacuum. The air does it on
earth, but we have no air here. There must
have been a body of gas attached to that
light, or the light gave off gas, which glow-
THE OUTPOST ON THE MOON

651

ed. Now what could be liberating glowing
gas so near the moon?”

  We sat silent for many minutes. Finally
Wiley answered his own question, in part.

  ‘Tt may have been a small comet,” he
suggested, and made haste to bury himself
in a book. Obviously he did not wish me to
point out that the comet, if comet it were,
had passed between the earth and the moon,
and with a velocity heretofore unheard of.

  f must have fallen asleep, for presently
I had a sensation of motion, and awoke to
find Wiley manipulating the controls. He
answered my questioning look with a sin-
gle phrase: “Heading south.” Further ex-
planation was unnecessary. I knew he had
closed the gravity screen and given the car
a start to the southward; we were drifting
under our momentum in the direction of the
light which we had seen, once before land-
ing and later over the nearby crater, cruis-
ing about the southern section of the moon’s
surface.

CHAPTER V.
An Awesome Sight!

WILEY had inverted the car so as to take
an occasional look at the moon
through the port-hole. I left the running of
it to him and caught up my notes on the two
trips we had made. We traveled for eighteen
hours in this manner. There was no way of
telling our exact speed, but Wiley estimated
it in the neighborhood of a hundred miles
an hour. This increased from time to time
slightly, due to our changing course to meet
the curvature of the moon. If we had con-
tinued on our original course we would
have left the surface on a tangent and contin-
ued in a straight line, but our views below
served the double purpose of giving us our
bearings and allowing us to fall toward
the surface enough to maintain an altitude
of three to five miles. The velocity of our
fall was in part added to our speed of travel.

  Thus we arrived over the moon’s south
pole, which could be located from the ap-
pearance of the terminator beneath us, be-
\ ond which the sunlight did not reach. Here
Wiley brought the car to a stop and de-

scended gently to the interior of a fair-sized
crater. It was his purpose, lie said, to re-
main there for half a month, when the other
side of the moon would be illuminated. Then
we would continue our search for the mys-
terious light.

  The spot had been ideally chosen, for
here the sun never completely set, never
showed more than part of its disc above
the horizon. The extremes of heat and cold
were therefore less evident. Our car rested
on a little knoll where the rays of the sun
seldom struck it directly but were always
reflected from a nearby rock. The earth,
part of which showed above the mountain-
tops, was nearing its “first quarter”, and
added to the illumination. The stars of the
southern sky showed brilliantly overhead.
Neither of us was much inclined to explor-
ation, preferring tc spend our time reading
or lolling about the car, smoking and med-
itating. We settled ourselves comfortably
for a two weeks’ stay.

  Our living quarters were given a much-
needed overhauling, and put in perfect or-
der. We checked our supplies of food, gas
and air, tested the storage batteries, and sat-
isfied ourselves that everything was ship-
shape. Then we caught up on our sleeping
and eating. Thus we passed the hours
serenely, awaiting the sunrise on the hidden
half of the moon.

  Five terrestrial days had passed since our
first arrival. Wiley was immersed in a book
and I was peeling potatoes preparatory to
getting a meal, when the walls were flooded
with a bluish-yellow glare from the port-
hole. I jumped erect, but Wiley was at the
glass first.

  “It’s coming down,” he shouted, making
a rush for his diving-suit. I climbed into
mine as he disappeared into the air-lock, and
waited impatiently for the pump to stop,
signifying that he was out. I followed as
quickly as I could, but by the time I emerg-
ed, he was already a quarter of a mile away,
going at a fast trot toward a bright glow
beyond the mountains. When we had gone
a mile or more it faded out gradually, but
we had located it well enough to be sure of
finding its source. We reached the wall of
the crater and climbed quickly up, Wiley
WONDER STORIES

several rods in the lead. He reached the sum-
mit and passed out of my sight, while I
paused from exhaustion.

  When at length I resumed my climb and
reached the summit, I was first too startled,
then too horror-stricken, to move. For at
the foot of the slope, two hundred yards
from me, sat an awesome and marvelous ob-
ject. It was in the shape of a cone of fifty-
foot base and somewhat greater altitude,
with circular windows around the sides and
particularly at the top; while from the
base, which was pierced at regular intervals
by semi-circular vents resembling culverts,
there issued a cloud of luminous gas, bluish-
yellow in color.

  This much I saw in a swift glance. Then
I discovered that Wiley was running down
the slope toward it. Suddenly from the apex
©f thfe cone there issued a jagged flash which
struck Wiley as he ran, tumbling him head-
long on the rocks. I shouted in an agony
of horror and apprehension, and in a futile
rage seized a fragment of rock and hurled
it at the unknown thing. This evidently
drew attention to me, for it emitted another
flash which seemed to burst into myriads
©f stars; there was a crash, and blackness.
*****

  To my mind the oddest feature of com-
plete insensibility is one’s total ignorance
of the passage of time. My sensations on
awakening followed immediately upon the
flash which had stunned me, yet when I
was able to talk I discovered th<|t over fifty
hours had elapsed, and my life had once
been despaired of.

  I was alone with Wiley, who was fully
dressed but minus his diving suit. It was
lying in an amazingly comfortable bed, in
a small but attractive room such as one may
find in many American hotels. The walls
were painted in a solid color which was
restful to the eyes. There were no pictures,
and the room was devoid of useless decor-
ations, but contained many conveniences.
The furniture was of metal, attractively up-
holstered and colored. A shaded electric
lamp shed a remarkably good counterfeit
©f sunlight, and though there were no win-
dows the whole effect was inviting and cheer-
ful.

  Wiley spoke to me: “Glad t® see you’re
awake again, old man. You had a rather
tough time. The doctor had a pulmotor on
you for an hour, and would have given up
if I hadn’t kept after him.”

  “Doctor?” I echoed, dazed. “Pulmotor?
Where are we?”

  “This is the headquarters of those fellows
in the flying-machine,’’ he replied. “They
knocked us out with a high-tension spark. I
came around in a few minutes, but you had
broken the glass on your helmet, and they
had a nice time getting air back into your
system and teaching you to breathe again.
They’re prepared for such things, but you
were a pretty bad case.”

44TATHO are ‘they’?"’ I asked.

  YY “I don't know much about them,”
he answered. “I talked to the doctor some,
but he keeps his mouth shut. It seems there
are a lot of them here, and they’ve been here
for years. A man wrho calls himself -‘For-
scher’, meaning ‘searcher’, is the guiding
spirit. I’m fo have a talk with him soon.
He, and they, are human, of course, from
the earth. They came here in machines like
the one you saw: quite an ingenious bit of
machinery, by the way.

  “I had a look around it after they’d fin-
ished working on you. It gives off gases
at a tremendous velocity, and the recoil
drives it. Same piinciple as the gas jets on
our car, but much more powerful. Appar-
ently they haven’t any gravity-screens, but
the force of the discharge from their ma-
chine is sufficient alone to lift it free of the
ground, and they get up some pretty big
velocities. We re two thousand miles from
the pole, yet they got here in three hours.”
“What are they doing here?” I asked.

  “I couldn’t say,” replied Wiley. “The
crew that picked us up was sent out to do
just that. They found our machine on one
of their trips and reported it. We saw the
mark of their landing—where your ‘meteor’
had blown away the dust. They got orders
to bring us back, and here we are. That’s
all they’ve told me, and apparently it’s all
we’re to know until I talk to Dr. Forscher.”
As he finished speaking, the door opened
and a man in a white coat entered. He was
THE OUTPOST ON THE MOON

perhaps forty, tall, with close-cropped blond
hair, and wore rimless spectacles. From the
bag he carried, I judged he was the doctor
Wiley had referred to. He nodded pleasant-
ly to Wiley, and turned to me.

  “I am pleased to see that you are again
conscious,” he said. His slight accent con-
firmed my impression that he was of German
birth. He produced a stethoscope and set
about an examination of my heart and lungs
which was as rapid as it was thorough.

  “There will be no danger,” he announced
presently. “Some food will taste well—is
it not so? Then a long sleep, and you will
be as good as before.”

  His prescription suited me perfectly. He
took his departure, and in the course of a
few minutes a dapper Frenchman appeared
carrying a tray of food.

  “Pour le malodey said he, indicating me;
then to Wiley, “Monsieur will follow me to
the dining hall?”

  “I’ll see you after you’ve had some
sleep,” said Wilev, as he departed.

  I turned to the dinner which had been
brought me. There were dishes I had not
seen for weeks—fresh green vegetables, fresh
meat, butter, milk! Evidently there were
farms and dairies on the moon. I attacked
the meal with considerable appetite and
made a respectable impression on it; then,
more comfortable and very tired, I fell
asleep.

  When I awoke Wiley had returned. His
face shone with a a smile of satisfaction, and
I was filled with curiosity.

  “Have you seen Dr. Fdrscher?” I asked.
He nodded.

  “I have,” he replied, “and a good deal be-
sides. I had dinner with some of the higher-
ups and was shown around a bit. Then I
talked to the Doctor and found out some
more. We’re scheduled to be guests of
honor here for awhile, to get acquainted
with the place. I don’t know what will
happen then, but you may be sure that
we’re quite welcome, much more so than
when we first arrived. 1 didn’t mention it
to you, but we were considered as inter-
lopers, and weren’t very popular at first.

  ‘"You see, this Dr. Forscher is a rather
reclusive sort, and while he supposed that

some day someone would succeed in getting
to the moon, he hoped it wouldn’t be until
aftfer he had finished his business here and
passed on. But he was much relieved to
find out that we weren’t the advance guard
of a sizable expedition, and that no one
knows the secret of the machine except our-
selves.'’ Wiley paused to light a cigarette,
then continued: “They picked up the old
space-traveler and brought it here to find
out what makes it work. But they can’t, un-
less I help them, and the Doctor knows it
by now. So they're keeping it for us—to
make sure we don’t run away before he's
ready to let us.”

  “What sort of a man is he?” I asked.
“And why is he here?”

  “As to the latter, I don’t know,” replied
Wiley. “Nobody seems willing to^tell me,
and I can’t guess. But as for the doctor,
he’s quite an odd sort. Not very attractive
physically; about five-feet-two, as a guess,
with a head all out of proportion. He just
sits like a statue while he talks to you, but
I really believe he can look right into your
mind. He has the most marvelous intellect
I’ve ever seen.”

  This, from Wiley, was a real tribute, for
the world can count on one hand the men
with minds equal to his.

  “He’s what you might call a super-scien-
tist,” he continued. “He knows more phy-
sics than the whole department at the City
College: the world’s best chemists are mere
tyros compared to him. As a physician or
surgeon he could have made a fortune on
earth. The science of psychology is mere
A-B-C to him; and he can solve problems in
mathematics without putting a mark on
paper that would take me an hour or more.
That is by no means a comprehensive list
of his achievements. He had specialized in
none of the sciences, but he knows them all,
and better than any man on earth. Every-
thing in this colony is the product of his
mind; he conceived it, engineered it, built
it, and now he rules it.

Many Wonders

4tT’VE seen enough of the place to appre-
X ciate what a man he is. For instance,
there’s the air. Perhaps you’ve noticed its
654

WONDER STORIES

freshness. It should be fresh— it was made
a few hours ago! He makes the oxygen and
nitrogen right out of the rocks around us.
There’s plenty of oxygen to be found in the
quartz but its hard to get out, and there’s
little, if any, nitrogen to be found in any
form. Nevertheless, he makes both of them,
by a kind of atomic chemistry. He gave me
a general idea of the process. He uses high
temperatures and strong electric and mag-
netic fields to break up the atoms of some
elements and then recombines them into
others. Silicon seems to suit the purpose
well, and there's plenty of it, in combina-
tion with oxygen, all around us in the form
of sand and quartz.

  “He uses the same principle, indirectly, in
driving those flying machines, which they
call tractors. Do you remember our talk,
the night you wrecked your car, when I
mentioned that if anyone could find a way
to build up a radioactive atom more com-
plex than uranium he would have a storage
battery for unlimited power? It’s a sub-
stance like that which drives the tractors. It
takes millions of horsepower to make a
pound of it, but the power all comes out
again as it’s wanted.

  “Did you enjoy your dinner? Perhaps
you’re interested in knowing where it came
from. There are acres and acres of artifi-
cial soil where plants and animals live un-
der quartz-glass roofs, receiving light from
the sun and from arc-lamps. The cattle,
hogs and chickens he raises would be the
despair of our best farmers, and the ‘tall
corn from Iowa’ isn’t even in it compared
with the crops he harvests the year around.
Marland, that man has everything there is
to be found on earth, and he’s gone nature
one better in every way.

  “I found out, loo, where the power Comes
from. The most obvious source—the sun;
and very simply. Prom sunrise to sun-
set there are hundreds of boilers heated by
huge burning glasses, which generate elec-
tric energy. Part of it is stored in batteries
for the dark period.

  “This colony lives underground, in a sys-
tem of excavations and tunnels that extends
for several miles around. There are hun-
dreds of men, but no women or children. I

don’t know how he intends to replenish his
labor supply when age and accident take a
hand. They've been here eleven years,
building and digging. There are a corps of
scientists who are the Doctor’s assistants and
share his confidence to a considerable ex-
tent. The rest are mechanics, artisans and
laborers. One of ihem told me where they
all came from. There are French, Germans,
Belgians, English, Austrians—^Imost every
white nationality on earth. They have
enough to do, but never too much, and
enough variety to make it interesting.
They’ve provided with facilities for recrea-
tion, comfortable quarters, and plenty of
food. They seem contented with their lot,
and indeed they may well enough be.

  “Some of this the Doctor told me, and
some I found out from other men. But the
most interesting ihing of all—the reason
for this tremendous establishment so far
from the earth—no one has mentioned. He
wants us to become acquainted, and then
he’s going to have a talk with both of us.
Meanwhile there's nothing much to do but
make ourselves at home.”

  He sat in silence for a time, while my
head whirled from the multitude of wonders
he had described. But I was anxious to be
up again, and see for my self this strange
subterranean world of humans a quarter of
a million miles from their birth-place. I
set about exploring our apartment, and
found a completely equipped bathroom with
facilities for shaving and a shower-bath. I
immediately availed myself of these, and
once more dressed and moving about, I
found that my appetite had returned. In
answer to my question, Wiley informed me
that there would be a meal in the dining
hall in half an hour or so. Meanwhile, he
suggested that we take a stroll around the
hallways, which suited me perfectly.

  I found that the corridors formed a large
H, with the laboratories and farms opening
from the parallel passages and the living
quarters, dining-hall, etc. along the connect-
ing corridor. The doors in most instances
bore only numbers, though a few had
legends in many languages over them. One
of these was the dining-room, to which we
presently returned.
THE OUTPOST ON THE MOON

655

  We were led to a table at which were
seated several men of various nationalities
who, Wiley told me, were Dr. Forscher’s
6cientiftc assistants. The Doctor himself
preferred to eat alone, seldom joining the
others in the dining-hall. Wiley introduced
me to each of the men at the table. They
were for the most part unknown to me,
though in a few I recognized men whose
names had once been familiar on earth.

  They had best remain anonymous, for
reasons which will presently be understood.
There was also the Chief Engineer, whom I
shall call-Dr. Langley, who stood highly in
the estimation of Dr. Forscher, and who
had been partly responsible for the feats of
construction at which we marveled. He told
of the difficulties which had been overcome
us. during the course of the meal, of some
since their arrival. It seems that he had
come in company with Dr. Forscher and
some of the scientific staff, together with a
part of their present labor force, some eleven
or twelve years before. They had establish-
ed a small headquarters, digging a cave into
the rock, fitting it with an air-lock, setting
a small power-plant in operation, and con-
verting the cave into a work-shop.

  With this as a starting-point they had de-
signed and constructed the vast subterran-
ean labyrinth which formed the present
dwelling of the colony, increasing the power-
plant as necessary. At present there were
accommodations for nearly twice as many
inhabitants as it now held, and no more con-
struction was under way, their activities be-
ing directed into other channels. Here he
stopped, as if fearful of having said too
much, and we could learn nothing more.

THAT there was some purpose to this
organization as yet unfulfilled, we had
no doubt, but every time the subject came
up we ran into a blind wall. Wiley and I
had made conjectures as we explored the
corridors, but we could arrive at no reason-
able supposition. In the list of laboratory
directors the sciences were nearly all repre-
sented, yet none seemed to predominate.
Thes scientists, we learned, had all come of
their own volition; yet with every oppor-
tunity for fame on earth, with greater facil-

ities than could possibly be presented here,
why had they chosen an existence on this
barren satellite, so inaccessible, so cut off
from communication, so fraught with dan-
ger? For solitude? It hardly seemed like-
ly. In fact, one might find comparatively
greater privacy on earth than here, pent up
with a few hundred fellow-beings whose
daily association was unavoidable. There
must be some more powerful motive, which
was so far wrapped in secrecy, guarded by
the trusted few who surrounded Wiley and
myself at the dinner-table.

  The repast was finished, and at Dr. Lang-
ley’s suggestion we adjourned with him to
his own apartment. We settled ourselves for
a chat, and discussed further the work of
constructing the colony. He told us in de-
tail how the air-plant operated, leaving out
only the vital principle which enabled Dr.
Forscher to destroy and reconstruct atoms,
which, he confessed, was known only to the
doctor, the head of the physics laboratory and
a few others. He described also how a con-
tinuous circulation of water was maintained;
the sewage being filtered and boiled so as
to render it pure again. It was of course
simple to supply more, uniting hydrogen
and oxygen by combustion, but it was sel-
dom necessary.

  We found out many other interesting
things; how, after the glass covered pastures
had been made for for them, a few cattle,
sheep, hogs, etc., had been brought from the
earth and allowed to multiply to the pre-
sent herds; how it had been necessary, for
the first year or to, to live almost entirely
on synthetic food, made there in the work-
shop; how they managed to procure the
materials for their work. Some minerals, he
told us, they .found it easier to mine, as they
were found in large quantities about the
moon. Iron was one-—they had several iron
mines. They were reached by flying-
machines, and maintained separate power,
air, and water plants.

  Some substances too, could not he found
on the moon, and were too difficult of man-
ufacture, notably organic substance?. Chief
among these was wood. Dr. Forscher pro-
jected the planting of a forest of timber
in the near future, but it would take inaay
656

WONDER STORIES

years to reach maturity. In most cases a
more durable substitute had been found—
metal for furniture, doors, etc.; concrete
stairs and floors. The indispensible mater-
ials of this sort had been brought from the
earth and used as sparingly as possible, but
at some future time it would doubtless be
necessary to renew the supply.

  Dr. Langley added, too, that the need for
occasional communication with the earth
was growing increasingly evident, as a great-
er labor force was needed, especially since
time and accident had contrived to mater-
ially reduce its original numbers.

  At this point we were interrupted by the
ringing of the wall phone, and Dr. Lang-
ley answered it. We gathered from his re-
marks that something was amiss. As he
hung up we prepared to take our departure
but he detained us.

       P

  “Would you care to take a trip to one
of the mines?” he asked. “The airplant
has broken down, and I must go there to
supervise repairs and of course remove the
men.”

  Wiley turned to me. “How about it,
Marland,” he asked. “Have you energy
enough, after your siege?”

  “Try to count me out!” I exclaimed.
Dr. Langley nodded his approval and turn-
ed to the phone again. Getting in touch
with the Chief of Transportation, he ordered
two tractors made ready for flight; then he
gave directions to a corps of mechanics, and
finally signified his readiness. We follow-
ed him to one of the corridors near the cen-
ter of the main tunnel, and for some dis-
tance along this to a store-room. He took
out three of their “air-envelopes,” which
served the same purpose as our diving suits,
and illustrated the method of donning
them. We found them much better than
our own in many respects. Besides great-
er ease of movement, each was equipped
with a small radio apparatus consisting of
microphone and miniature loud-speaker,
having a range of a half a mile or more,
so that conversation was easily carried on.
They were also heat-insulated, to guard
against the unpleasantness which we had ex-
perienced, and the helmets were entirely of
colored glass, which permitted greater

ranges of vision, yet prevented possible sun-
blindness.

CHAPTER VI.
A Tragedy!

DR. Langley now conducted us through
the smaller of two doors into a cylind-
rical chamber which served the double pur-
pose of air-lock and elevator. The doors,
when closed, were hermetically sealed,
and by touching a button we were carried
rapidly a hundred feet or so to the surface.
Meanwhile a pump had been exhausting the
air in the chamber, and we now stood in a
nearly perfect vacuum, with only another
air-tight door between ourselves and the
exterior of the moon. On stepping out we
saw before us two of the huge conical flying
machines, each with a wisp of vapor issu-
ing from the semi-circular openings at the
base. Following Langley, we approached
the nearer, and 1 was startled to hear his
voice, loud as a gun-shot, from the radio
speaker: “Aboard the tractor! Open up!”

  “Yes sir!” came a response, and in a
moment a door opened in the side just above
the ground. Passing through another door
to the right to the interior of the machine,
we found ourselves in a circular runway
extending entirely around the base of the
machine. A tall man might have had dif-
ficulty standing erect in it, as there was lit-
tle more than six feet head room. The
sides slanted toward the apex of the mach-
ine at slightly different angles, the inner
more nearly vertical. The floor was ap-
proximately ten feet wide, and. the roof
somewhat less. On our left, directly out-
side the air lock door, was a ladder lead-
ing to compartments above. We mounted
through two more compartments differing
from the first only in that they were con-
tinuous, having no air-lock.

  Dr. Langley mentioned in passing that
they served as cargo space or as accommo-
dations for passengers. The ladder con-
tinued up to a trap-door in the floor of
the fourth compartment. This was open,
and we climbed into the engine room of the
tractor. Here we removed the air-enve-
lopes, and Dr. Langley showed us through
THE OUTPOST ON THE MOON

657

the room, explaining the driving principle
and the apparatus in the engine room. It
was much larger than those below, and jam-
med with machinery which nevertheless oc-
cupied a minimum of space, so well was it
arranged. There were eight huge genera-
tors, covered with aluminum cases which
served the double purpose of protecting the
occupants from injury and preventing pos-
sible leakage of air, as the machinery was
driven by turbines which connected with
the interior conical well of the car. It was
through this interior well that the gas which
we had seen escaped, being given off by the
driving element.

  It has often been said that there is nothing
new under the sun; but the author of this
famous saying had never heard of Dr. For-
scher. The driving element was literally
new; not in the sense that it consisted of a
hitherto unknown substance, nor of a new
combination of old substances. It was en-
tirely a new element, above uranium in the
periodic system. It was appropriately call-
ed “synthium”, being a manufactured ele-
ment— the ultimate achievement of Dr.
Forscher’s dexterity in atomic physics. Not
content with changing the elements one in-
to another, he had added protons and elec-
trons to the uranium atom, and created syn-
thium. Undisturbed, its half-life period
was a matter of minutes only, but if kept
at an extremely low temperature its activity
was greatly reduced. It was necessary to
cool it constantly, as its very activity re-
sulted in heat, and heat bringing more ac-
tivity, it gathered speed like a rolling snow-
ball, and was quite as apt to wreak havoc.
Kept under control by electric refrigera-
tion, however, it was a willing and mighty
slave. It gave off molecules of gas which
glowed with the heat of their liberation.
They were given off in all directions equal-
ly, but those which encountered the walls
of the conical container rebounded out-

wards. So great was the recoil of their de-
parture that they easily lifted the huge
tractor.*

  The method of driving was simplicity it-
self, the chief difficulty being to retain the
liberated energy within controllable lim-
its. The synthium was allowed to attain
a temperature of some three hundred de-
grees Centigrade**, and here it was main-
tained by the eight generators, which sup-
plied current to a system of electric cool-
ing. These generators were driven by tur-
bines in the path of the escaping gas.
When the tractor was to be brought down,
more current was supplied, the resulting
lessened discharge, which also affected the
turbines, being compensated by the opening
of valves which at full power diverted all
but a fraction of the stream from the vanes.
At rest, a slight discharge continued, which
served merely to run the cooling system.
When the machines were returned to their
hangars, the driving element was removed to
cold-storage far beneath the ground.

  There were also in the engine room the
gyroscopic balancers, and the necessary ap-
paratus for renewing the air, which need
not be further described. Above the en-
gine room, at the apex of the cone, was the
pilot house. It was practically sound-proof,
and darkened save for hooded lanlps over
instruments which indicated the tempera-
ture of the driving element, the accelera-
tion of the tractor, condition of the air, etc.
A little to one side of the center wras the
tube of a small refracting telescope, which
was used in long flights away from the
moon to examine the path of the tractor
and reveal possible obstructions.

  We stayed but a moment, for the pilot
house was sacred to its occupant, and since
the corps of mechanics were now on board
it was time to depart.

♦Another illustration of Newton's Third Law of
   Motion.

**572° Fahrenheit.

(To be continued)
  The End of Time

By Henry F* Kirkham
Seven Million Years into Time They Travelled To
Discover The Fate of The Human Race!

I SAT up suddenly, startled out of a deep
sleep by the unexplainable feeling that
someone was very close to me, and that this
individual, whoever he might be, had no
right to enter my room in the dead of night.
For a moment I allowed my eyes to become
accustomed to the faintly luminous gloom
of a moonlit night in midsummer. My at-
tention had been focused at once on a

  shadowy figure seated in my armchair. I
  strained my eyes in that direction; then I
  reached my hand up to the wall behind me
  and switched on the room lights.

    As the face and figure of the man in my
  chair leaped suddenly into prominence in
  the bright light, I gasped in amazement.

    “‘Brown!'’ 1 exclaimed. “What in the
  world—"

658
We were looking with amazement into faces that gazed at
us without surprise and without emotion.

  One of those mocking smiles which had
always irritated me flitted across Mr.
Brown’s lips. He seemed to be enjoying
my discomfiture.

  “You who know me so well,” he said,
“should never be surprised at anything I
may do. How I came here is of no import-
ance. What concerns you is why 1 came
here.”

  Instantly my mind flashed back across
time to that terrible, that incredible adven-

659

ture of ours in lost Atlantis, when Brown
and I fought for our lives against men who
had been dead ten thousand years! Of late
months I had begun to doubt the whole
amazing affair; 1 had begun to doubt the
very existence of Brown, since he had dis-
appeared completely, he and his house and
his laboratory; and not even the blue mark
on my finger, or the half-empty fire extin-
guisher on the wall could convince me that
I had once actually saved his life by putting
660

WONDER STORIES

out a blaze in his abode. Those who have
read my* “Time Oscillator” will recall my
undignified return to the world of today.
When I picked myself up from the floor
of my own laboratory the astounding Brown
had vanished; and a man less scientific than
I would have dismissed that fantastic jour-
ney backward into time as a freak of the
imagination. All the weight of deliberate
reason stamped the events as altogether out-
side the pale of prob-
ability. If I admitted
to myself that such
events had taken place,
then I considered my-
self stark mad; and,
naturally, I could not
admit the latter as-
sumption to be true.

  The reappearance of
Brown—I had almost
said the apparition of
Brown—came, there-
fore, as a blow at my
very reason. But I
realized, once and for
all, that I really had
gone back to Atlantis,
and that this man sit-
ting quietly at my bed-
side, with that cynical
smile of his, was the
wizard who had taken
me there.

  “Awake, my friend,”
continued the master
of time. Then he
chuckled: “How typi-
cal ! Mankind sleeps,
while the stars gyrate
in the heavens!”

  Accustomed as I was
to Brown’s bitterness,

I merely smiled, and
then got out of bed and donned a dressing
gown. Between Brown and myself there
were none of the usual formalities of hand-
shaking. Such was the power of this re-
markable man that the empty months seem-
ed to vanish, and it seemed as though I had
seen him that very day, and that we were

•December 1929 issue Science Wonder Stories

resuming a conversation begun in the twi-
light.

  “I called upon you ,in this rather informal
fashion,” began my friend, in his offhand
manner, “because you are the only man on
earth who knows me and trusts me. The
truth is that I am about to embark on the
most elaborate time-voyage I have ever un-
dertaken. Before I go any farther I wish to
know whether I can depend upon you as I
have in the past —
whether you are will-
ing to accompany me
on my greatest adven-
ture.”

 Some of the old
spirit of courage and
daring, some of the
old love for the biz-
arre, rose up in me,
and I nodded.

  “As my disciple/'
continued Brown, “t
want you to share the
dangers and joys of
this adventure—and I
warn you, there will
be more danger than
you have ever faced
before. Compared to
the trip upon which
we are to launch our-
selves, the journey to
Atlantis was a mere
visit next door, so to
speak, and the dangers
we faced were nothing.
The dangers Xve are to
face you cart imagine.
But the joy of this ad-
venture will lie in
viewing what no man
has ever viewed be-
fore — the ultimate
wonders of the time dimension. Watson”
—he paused to give emphasis to what he
was about to say—“I intend to venture even
to the end of the world! To the end of
time!”

  The terrific possibilities of what Brown
mentioned staggered me for a moment; yet
not for an instant did I disbelieve him. Why

         human race, scien-V
  'S tists tell us, is only a
  creature of his environ-
  ment. ^4s long as things
  go well, and nature is kind,
  he will progress. But if an-
  other ice age should come
  there is no assurance that
  he will not disappear and
  the supremacy of the earth
  pass on to the termite or
  the—cockroach !

    But even granting that
  he can withstand the on-
  slaughts of nature, he pos-
  sibly carries within him-
  self the seeds of his own
  doom. Just as an individual
  becomes mature, middle
  aged and then senile so it
  happens with a race and a
  species. Man is still now in
  the flush of his youth. But
  what will be the situation
  seven million years from
  now when his primitive
  strength is gone and he can
  no longer do such an ele-
  mentary thing as bring
  children into the world?
  This fascinating story
  thrills by its vivid pictures
  of the human race AT THE
  •s^END OF TIME.
THE END OF TIME

661

•hould I hesitate, I who had accompanied
him before, especially since I knew how he
yearned for human sympathy—a common
veakness among great men?

  “Brown,” I answered, trying to keep the
excitement out of my voice, “no matter
what you do you can count on me—to the
end!”

  And so Brown came once again into my
life. Against my better judgment I felt
bound to this strange man, and if I believed
in Destiny, as do the Mohammedans, I
would say that I had been destined to fol-
low him to the ends of time.

I had projected into the future in Brown’s
first time machine, the same one which
had taken me back to the French Revolu-
tion, and which had nearly
brought me to my death in
lost Atlantis. It was a far
cry from that block of cry-
stal in Brown’s laboratory
to the stupendous creation I
was privileged to see a few
weeks after the lost inventor
appeared in my room that
nw'ht in midsummer.

  In a far mountain retreat,
hundreds of miles from my
prosaic office, I met the man
of the time machine. With-
out ceremony he led me to
a cavern that ran into the
side of a lofty cliff, and
there, deep in the earth, I
came upon his laboratory.

  “Brown”, I said, with a smile, “you re-
mind me of a gnome who performs his won-
ders underground, away from the light of
men. Vulcan worked his forge in the dark-
ness. The magicians and the alchemists
teemed to think that darkness was part of
their stock-in-trade. Really—”

  “Never mind all that,” said Brown, wav-
ing his hand at the amazing machine which
stood in a natural grotto. In no wise did
ri resemble the time machine of our first
adventure. That incredible creation which
introduced me to the possibilities of the
time plane and initiated me into the myster-
ies of time travel was a great block of pure

crystal, illuminated by myriads of lights
within and without; a cube which appeared
to have an infinite number of cubes within
itself, one inside the other. In spite of its
divisions it was an entity, a single device.
Brown’s new machine appeared to consist of
three distinct parts.

  The core of the mechanism—if it can be
called a mechanism—was in the form of a
small hollow pyramid, surrounded by a
winding glass spiral. Around both pyramid
and spiral glittered a spherical globe of
brilliant, transparent crystal. As the crystal
globe radiated the light of the glowing arcs
that were focussed upon it—lights which
gave the time machine its boundless energy
—I could not help laughing aloud at the
impression which struck me. I w7as re-
minded of nothing so much
as an ordinary goldfish
globe, with a toy house in
the center through which the
fish could swim when they
got tired of swimming
around the bowl itself.

  “You laugh,” said Brown
suspiciously. “Perhaps I
should not have trusted you
after all.”

  1 hastened to rea^ure him,
and explained the cause of
my ill-advised mirth.

  “You smile,” he repeated
seriously, “at a magnificent
new conception. You are
looking with amusement at
the three mathematical sym-
bols typical of natural laws,—the curve, the
spiral, the apex. Nowhere in creation is
the straight line a part of nature.”

  “What about the level surface of a body
of water?” I interjected. “This surface is a
plane, and a plane consists of an infinite
number of straight lines.”

  “I was not speaking of planes, but of
lines in and by themselves,” answered
Brown. “By means of these three visible
manifestations I hope to penetrate the
earth plane to a point far distant in the un-
explored future—to a point where animate
life shall cease to exist. That will not be
the end of time; but as far as conscious

HENRY F. KIRKHAM
662

WONDER STORIES

beings on the earth are concerned, it will
be the end of time and the beginning of
eternity.”

  “You mean—the end of evolution—the
termination of processes which have been
working themselves out for millions and
millions of years? I don’t believe it,” I
said, warmly. “I cannot conceive of the
human race dying out unless some terrific
natural catastrophe takes place—another
glacial age, or the collision of the earth
with some other heavenly body. And even
then I believe man will be sufficiently ad-
vanced to turn back an advancing glacial
period. Disease will be conquered by then
—as a physician I predict it with confi-
dence. Unless all the natural resources of
the earth are exhausted, I cannot conceive
of suph a thing—and when they are ex-
hausted, science will find a way to replace
them.

  “I have absolute faith in the future of
man. I cannot understand how you expect
to come to the end of the race unless you
come to the end of the world as well—and
in that ease, it will be safer not to make the
trip at all, for we will never return. Re-
member that in Atlantis we were nearly
murdered by men who have been dead for a
hundred centuries!”

To the End of Time

BROWN smiled wearily. “As I have
never been to the end of time,” he an-
swered, “I cannot say with certainty when
the human race will vanish, and when the
earth will become a dead world; but this
much I can tell you—that it will happen.
You think of space as infinite, but space is
curved. We can measure the curve. I be-
lieve in cycles. I believe the cycle of life
on the earth has a definite limit.”

  Since it was impossible to argue on the
point and get anywhere, I turned my atten-
tion once more to the marvellous new time
machine. As I came under the glow of the
battery of lights I felt the same abounding
vigor race through me which had once be-
fore filled me with courage for a mad ad-
venture. Undoubtedly, both machines had
the same motive power. I mentioned this

to Brown, who nodded. Then I explored
the interior of the globe, so different from
that cube in which we had visited the dim
past.

  As in the original time machine, I observ-
ed a camera obscura, a series of charts and
electric controls, and a curious arrange-
ment of mirrors. One piece of equipment
especially attracted my attention. It re-
sembled a portable searchlight—something
like the powerful special lights on automo-
biles—and it was attached to what looked
like a metallic helmet.

  “What is this?” I asked; “I never saw it
before.”

  “An atomic disintegrator,” he replied.
“One of my own inventions. It is more than
likely we will need some deadly weapons
where we are going, and since I couldn’t
take a battery of field guns I invented some-
thing better. This is a very effective weapon
indeed. I have a theory of my own about
the future races of man. I rather imagine
that man will not progress as far as we
think he will; and that at some periods in
his history he will not progress at all. The
cycle idea again. In case we run foul of
a race of throwbacks, we won’t be defense-
less. Automatic pistols were good enough
in Atlantis, but the men of the future will
laugh at them. And even this disintegra-
tor will be no novelty—but it’s nothing to
laugh at!”

  “It will be a bad day for humanity/’ I
said, “when a man of our generation has
to help kill off the last human beings on
earth.”

  “Let’s hope it never comes to that,” an-
swered Brown solemnly, yet with a trace of
his usual disillusioned mockery.

  “Are we to wear the wire mesh suits we
used at Atlantis?” I asked.

  “We won’t be able to frighten anyone with
electricity a million years from now,” said
Brown meditatively, a9 though he thought
of it for the first time, “but I’ve got them
aboard. You never can tell what you’ll
need. For all I know we may run into a
second Jurassic age, and we may be attacked
by reptiles that will have to be taught to
keep their distance. Yes, by all means we
take the suits. And two automatics.”
THE END OF TIME

663

  “What will we do,” I asked, “if we find
ifcat the seas have covered the continents—
they did millions of years ago? Do you
think we stand a chance of getting back?”
“That’s part of the adventure,” responded
Brown, his eyes lighting up. “We may find
a race of human beings who have accus-
tomed themselves to an amphibian exist-
ence—1 believe it’s possible. We came from
the water—why can’t we go back to it?
What will actually happen if we should
land in the middle of an ocean I can’t say
—and what’s more, I don’t like to think
about it. But since you think of so many
objections to this trip—perhaps you would
rather not take the chance? There is still
time for you to change your mind.”

  Deep in my heart I knew I was setting
oat on a mad enterprise; for, whereas on
my first trip I believed in Brown implicitly,
in this case I was firmly convinced that he
was wrong in his original hypothesis. But
my idiotic pride, or my vanity, kept me
*ilent, and I followed Brown into the time
machine.

   Almost before I realized it, he had sealed
tfee globe and turned the control. I recog-
nized the blurring of the lights, the sense
of flying upward, away from the world, in-
to a new, boundless, element. 1 seemed to
epiral into space as the mirrors revolved
with incredible rapidity. Against my will
I had been projected headlong into the fu-
ture, and at terrific velocity I was approach-
ing the end of time!

ALOW chuckle behind me made me
turn on Brown in a fury. But the ut-
ter calm of his countenance, and the care-
less smile which played around his lips made
me remember myself in time. After all,
he had never been wrong before, and it
seemed as though I were fated to share
with him one adventure more; the best, and,
1 hoped—the last.

  “Now that you’ve got me here, you may
as well show me how to operate this
machine of yours,” I said to Brown. “After
a!!, something is liable to happen to you,
considering the dangers we are to face, and
I ought to have a chance to get back to my
own world.’*

  “Judging by your attitude,” answered the
omniscient Brown, with his bitter smile,
“you wouldn’t be sorry if something hap-
pened to me right now. I should have
known better than to take you into my con-
fidence a second time. You don’t trust me
any more; you think I’m crazy, and this
time you think you have proof of it. Well,
before this trip is over, I hope to convince
you that I’m as sane as you are—and per-
haps a lot saner.”

  “I’m sorry, Brown,” I said, genuinely re-
gretting by hasty conclusion. “Say no
more about it. I’m with you here and I’ll
be with you to the end.”

  “That’s the way to talk!” exclaimed the
inventor enthusiastically. “And now that I
know you won’t try anything, I’ll try to
teach you how the machine works.”

  And for what appeared to be a long time,
as the crystal globe tore through time to its
inevitable destination, Brown instructed me
in the intricate workings of his marvellous
mechanism.

  “I wonder if I can see that wonderful city
again,” I remarked. “You remember I saw
one upon our first trip which seemed to be
built of glass, and another that had a vast
spinning globe in the center.”

  “We are far beyond those,” said* Brown
solemnly. “We are two million years in
the future as we speak!”

  I gasped, and then turned to the camera
obscura and flashed off the interior lights.
A vast panorama spread before us. It was
night upon the world. A full moon shone
coldly on a vast city of gleaming glass, shin-
ing l*ke crystal in the white rays. It seemed
more like a continent than a city; for when
one looks down upon a city from the air,
he can discern its boundaries. But here, as
far as the eye could see, was that one vast
dome of glass, beneath which the teeming
life of a nation pulsed and seethed. Through
the mighty arched roof, which seemed to
cover the entire earth, flashed the myriad
lights that turned night to day inside the
magic structure. The entire city, or state,
or nation—we could discern no distinguish-
ing characteristics—was one immense chain
of structures, all connected, like the apart-
ment houses we had left behind two million
664

WONDER STORIES

years before. But these were of stupendous
size, and it was quite evident that elevators
were unnecessary, for any number of people
rose from the glittering floor of the enclosure
and apparently without effort, and in defi-
ance of the laws of gravity, shot up to any
ledge of apartments they wished to reach.

  “They have conquered gravity,” said
Brown. “Apparently they use nullifiers. If
I saw any wings I could explain the mechan-
ism, but as it is, I rather think they have
miniature atomic energy devices strapped
to their backs, which drive them through the
air.” He adjusted the lens of the camera
to obtain a clearer focus, and exclaimed, “I
knew it! You can see they all carry some-
thing on their backs—something nature
never put there.*’

  “And I was right after all!” I joined
in. “Didn’t I say man would conquer the
advancing glacial ages? Evidently this glass
dome is used to protect the people from the
elements. You can see the snow on parts of
it. How they get their fresh air I don’t
know, but it’s a pretty sure thing that human
beings have learned to conquer the elements.
I think you’re wrong, Brown. Man will
never die out!”

  “You think so?” asked Brown. “Well,
that remains to be seen.”

        CHAPTER II.
        Into the Earth!

THE words had hardly left his mouth
when he suddenly put his hand to his
head, staggered, and fell. At the same mo-
ment the time machine gave a splintering
crash and shuddered in every part.

  I sprang to the controls to stop our flight
through time. There was no need to do so.
The machine had stopped of its own ac-
cord.

  From the base of Brown’s skull trickled a
little stream of blood. Evvidently he had
been dazed by a sliver of crystal. With my
medical skill and with my first-aid kit, it
was a matter of a few moments to restore
him to consciousness. He sat up and looked
at me accusingly.

  “We can’t be at the end of our journey,”

he said. “I might have known better than
to trust you with the controls. Henceforth
you will leave the navigating to me, and
take the controls only after I am killed.”
He rubbed the back of his head ruefully.
“A little farther down and you might have
come to the last men bearing an unusual
gift—a corpse!”

  The inventor picked himself up and ex-
amined the controls. “I thought so,” he
said. “Smashed! ”

  “Does that mean—” I asked, feeling the
blood leave my extremities and congeal
around my heart.

  “Does that mean that you are stranded
out here in time?” mimicked Brown. “No,
it does not. Your precious skin is safe. It
means only that I must replace this delicate
little mechanism with another—and I have
only two. Thank heaven I exercised my
usual foresight! Otherwise—but I am sure
you can imagine the rest for yourself.”

  He opened a locker and from it carefully
lifted a replica of the damaged control.
“There is only one left,” he said significant-
ly, pointing to another in the locker. “You
will please confine your activities to obser-
vation, not manipulation.”

  I was too angry to attempt to explain.
Never in my life did I feel so impelled to
express myself in blistering profanity.
Brown’s contemptuous treatment of me—as
thought I were some specimen of imbecile
—made me sorrier than ever that I had ac-
companied him. As the machine shuddered
on its way I turned my back on him and
walked to the camera obscura. Once more
we were hurtling forward through centuries
unborn, and as the glittering globe tore on-
ward I gazed again into the future.

  “You will probably notice,” said Brown’s
mocking voice from behind me, “that the
earth is growing colder and colder, and that
the glacial areas are spreading. I am afraid
we will soon come to the end of all life.”
I glanced over my shoulder. Brown waa
not looking into the camera; yet he had
predicted precisely what was happening be-
fore my eyes! As I watched I realized thal
the extinction of human life was inevitable;
for even the glass cities I had seen could
no longer protect man from the mortal chill
THE END OF TIME

665

of a cooling earth and a dying sun. Dying
the sun might not be; and yet the earth was
cooling, losing some of the solar heat, giv-
ing way to eternal ice and perpetual gloom.
The sun shone down at noon no stronger
than the moon I had observed. Perhaps, I
thought, the earth had been drawn from its
orbit by another body, and was as far from
the sun as Mars. But whatever the cause,
the effect was plain. Not a living thing was
visible. Everywhere ice, gleaming, smooth,
cold, implacable; nowhere the cheering
sight of a solitary creature that drew breath.
Involuntarily I shuddered and turned away.

  “You have stopped for a moment at two
way stations on our journey,” said Brown,
with grim and almost inhuman humor, with
an appalling callousness. “The next stop
will be the last. Better get your baggage
ready, because this is as far as we go.”
“Why,” I almost shouted, “you’re mad!
“You’re a monster in human form! I wish
I had never seen you or heard of your in-
fernal machine! I—.” I stopped. Some-
thing had happened. The time machine
cames to rest with a grinding jar. But still
I felt it moving—in what direction, I could
not tell. I dashed to the camera and dimmed
the lights of the car; and before my eyes
the various strata of the earth seemed to
pass in rapid, in bewildering procession.
We seemed to be sinking, down, down, into
the very bowels of the earth; past the outer
strata, the deposits of the fern age, the fos-
silized skeletons of fabulous monsters;
down, until I noticed a perceptible increase
in the temperature. Were we heading for
the center of a dying planet?

      OU didn’t expeot this,” chuckled
X Brown. “Did it ever occur to you
that human beings could live inside the
earth, as well as on its surface? We’ve
reached the end of life on the earth, my
friend; we’re on our way to the last rem-
nants of it beneath the surface. This was
the best surprise of all,” he continued, un-
able to restrain his mirth, in spite of the
horrible things he tossed off so casually.
“Well—who’s crazy now?”

  “Brown,” I said, my hatred and contempt
drowned in sheer admiration, “you’re the

greatest genius the world has ever known—
but I wish I had never met you, and I wish
to heaven I had never made this horrible
journey. The thought of what mankind is
coming to, the idea that glorious man, with
all his magnificent achievements, is coming
to this refuge under the earth, the idea that
the sun will go out of human life, and that
only hideous cold and darkness will remain,
is too much. It will haunt me the rest of
my days. I would rather be an ignorant
South Sea Islander, laughing at the sun,
secure in the knowledge that my descendants
will laugh in the sun for generations to
come, than the greatest scientist in the
world, working on with the realization that
all my discoveries will come to naught, and
that everything I do for mankind, and
everything mankind has ever done, will some
day disappear in the eternal ice of a dying
planet.”

  “Bravo!” exclaimed Brown, smiling cyni-
cally and applauding at the same time.
“Excellent! And now that you have deliv-
ered yourself of a sentiment such as the
world has never heard before, you may as
well realize that you will have very little
time to be haunted by anything, least of all
by an idea of what the world will come to
in seven million years! Please realize that
you are at the end this very minute! If
you don’t live to return to your own world,
you won’t have to worry about this. And
what’s gotten into you? I thought you were
a man of science, an explorer in the ab-
stract. I’ve been talking this way only
because it seems you have been metamor-
phosed into a sentimental fool, rather than
an alert man of science. Pull yourself to-
gether—there’s enough to do right now
without weakening. You were a strong man
in Atlantis—don’t fail me now!”

  “Oh, so that’s why you acted so strange-
ly,” I said, rather relieve at his outburst.
“I was about to ask what had gotten into
you, to change you so. However—.” ....
What I was about to say was obvious, but
I never said it. As we stood facing each
other, in the midst of the crystal globe, the
walls of our time machine seemed to melt
away into invisibility as a red glow all
around the device grew stronger and
666

WONDER STORIES

stronger; and we found ourselves lookking
with amazement into a ring of venerable
faces that gazed at us without surprise and
without emotion.

  “We have arrived!” exclaimed Brown,
with his old laugh. And, gripping my arm
as if to reassure me, he stepped boldly for-
ward, and drew me after him into the
enchanted circle.

  “Wait a minute,” I said. “We’ve for-
gotten the automatics and everything else.
I don’t fancy going among these ghosts
empty-handed.”

  “Well, we can’t go back for anything
now. Don’t forget for a moment this isn’t
Atlantis; it’s the very opposite; and any
false move on our part may result very un-
pleasantly—for us.”

  I oast longing eyes at the atomic disin-
tegrator; and somehow I didn’t feel com-
pletely dressed without my holster and its
deadly black burden. But. a number of
expressionless pairs of eyes were upon me;
they seemed peaceful enough, but 1 was
taking no chances with the advanced science
of the final product of human evolution.

  Meanwhile, as at Atlantis, the time
machine had vanished. Had I not known
from past experience that it was still there,
invisible, I would have given up all hope
of ever returning to my own age. Brown,
apparently oblivious of everything else,
was studying the quiet figures before him.
Into my mind flashed a thought which 1 am
sure was duplicated in his: that these strange
men were robed very like the ancient Greeks
and Romans, in the toga; and that the simi-
larity was heightened by the sandals they
wore strapped to their feet and ankles. It
was a most remarkable resemblance.

  “Perhaps we’ve unwittingly gone back to
the time of Plato,” I whispered to Brown.
“Or we may be in the presence of Cicero.
These outfits are pretty familiar.”

  “Nonsense,” he said, sharply. “No Greek
or Roman ever had a head such as you see
here.”

  And indeed he was right. No ancient, not
Aristotle himself, could possibly have pos-
sessed the cranial development of these
silent figures. And surely no one, in those
times of sunlit paganism, appeared so inhu-

man, so free from passions and desires; no,
not Plato himself, who is said never even
to have lost his temper in eighty years of
life. What was most curious, they had ut-
tered not a single word since oift arrival.
As I had remarked to Brown, they were
more like ghosts than men.

A World-Weary Race

AS if reading my thoughts, Brown sudden-
ly exclaimed: “I have it! They don’t
ned to talk—they have developed thought
transference, and by this time they must
have agreed among themselves as to who
we are, where we come from, and to what
species we belong. I feel as though I have
been catalogued in a dozen different minds.”

  Always a good psychologist, Brown was
willing to let the other side make the first
move; and so he simply held up his right
hand, palm outward, in the universal gesture
of peace and friendliness. As this was evi-
dently meant for them, the silent spectators
raised their own finely moulded hands in a
similar salute, and then slowly lowered
them and remained looking at us in the same
owlish silence.

  I felt tempted to latigh. The situation
was more than ludicrous—it was a perfect
comic opera setting. There is nothing that
can be so disconcerting, and at the same
time so farcical, as a silent examination by
a group of total strangers.

  When the silence reached a point beyond
the power of human beings to endure, I cast
all discretion to the wind and announced, in
a ringing voice: “Lafayette, we are here!”

  Brown himself smiled; and an individual
directly opposite me advanced immediately
and seized my hand. A curious affinity
seemed to spring up between us. Travelers
who had been through India used to tell me
of the remarkable feats of the Hindu jug-
glers. Some of these magicians can com-
municate, by genuine mental telepathy, with
people hundreds of miles away, and deliver
messages to them in that manner; but first
they must be “in sympathy” with them—
that is, they must have had physical con-
tact. A clasp of the hand, for example,
would be sufficient to establish the “rap-
THE END OF TIME

667

port” between the juggler and the subject.
So it was with me and this man of the last
race of men. The moment our hands clasped,
a subtle electrical connection seemed to be
established between us; and I felt distinctly
the influence of an extremely powerful in-
tellect working on my own. Brown prob-
ably realized what was going on, but he
merely watched me; evidently he wished to
see what would happen before he himself
submitted to the process.

  Thought images were flowing into my
mind, clear-cut and unmistakable; and
though I could not translate them into
words, I received the unmistakable impres-
sion that the man looking deep into my eyes
with ancient, world-weary orbs was offering
me welcome. I seemed, also, to catch the
impression that a long wait had come to an
end, and that Brown and I had appeared on
the scene in time for something momentous.

  “I think they’re friendly,” I reported to
Brown, “but don’t try to pose as a god
again. They wont fall for your bluff.”

  Brown did not notice what I said—or he
pretended not to. Instead, he displayed once
more his amazing knowledge of root words,
as he had done at Atlantis. Apparently he
was asking a question. The men looked a
trifle surprised; then one of them clasped
his hand and it was obvious that my com-
panion, also, was receiving thought images.
I saw him nod; then he beckoned to me; and
Brown and I and the welcoming committee
moved off in the direction of a powerful
light.

  “It seems they have been expecting us,”
said Brown, “and before we go any farther
they want us to undergo a treatment which
will purge us of some of the taints of our
gross twentieth-century bodies. Apparent-
ly they are afraid we will bring them some
forgotten disease. I don’t believe there’s
anything to be afraid of.”

  Brown and I were delivered to the care of
two attendants arrayed in curious protective
garments, who conducted us into a small
chamber in an edifice of some gleaming
material unknown to me, and shut the door
on us. Instantly we were conscious of the
action of powerful, invisible rays. I felt as
though a mild electric current were run-

ning through the body. I was filled with a
sense of exalted physical vitality. The years
seemed to fall away; it was as though I
sloughed off my former skin and assumed a
new one more easily than a snake sheds its
old coat. As a physician, the process
aroused my curiosity. Could I but carry
the secret back with me—that is, if we ever
found the time machine, which had disap-
peared—what a wonderful addition it would
make to the medical lore of the twentieth
century!

THEN we were forced to submit to a
change of attire. I felt ill at ease in
my fluttering toga; but Brown seemed to
enjoy the experience, and, when he was
completely clad in the curious garments, he
looked remarkably like an Athenian of the
golden age of Pericles. I had never noticed
before how finely cut were his features, or
how imposing the cast of his head.

  “Have you noticed,” asked Brown, “how
terribly old these men are—how their eyes
seem to be weary with the weight of cen-
turies? I think we have fallen among peo-
ple who realize they are the last men, and
who have learned to prolong life indefinite-
ly. One thing I have not noticed—have you
seen any young person, or persons who
might, by a stretch, of the imagination be
considered young?”

  “No, I haven’t,” I answered. “We seem
to have come down to a race which exists
in a state of senile decay. In Atlantis there
was youth, and beauty, and strife, and
hatred, and war. This place reminds me of
the more repulsive ideas of heaven I ac-
quired many years ago. Every inhabitant
of that blessed abode was venerable and
saintly, but unless I’m very much mistaken,
these old men are the very opposite of
saintly. They eyed me as I myself might
eye a culture of scarlet fever germs. And
in more than one world-weary eye, as you
term it, I rather think I detected a glitter
which reminded me of a cat looking at a
mouse.”

  “I got the same impression,” agreed
Brown, “but we must never allow them to
realize that we know more of their charac-
ters—if they have any—than we did before
668

WONDER STORIES

we landed. Our best bet is to act gullible
and innocent. Now that I’ve seen what the
last men will look like, I want to find out
just a little more about them before we go
back.”

  “If we ever get that far,” I amended.
“And if we ever find the time machine
again.”

  Brown suddenly smote his forehead. “By
Jove! I thought I had forgotten something!
They surrounded us so suddenly I didn’t
have a chance to mark the place! I laid
stones in front of the machine in Atlantis.
As far as I know, 1 didn’t mark the spot
here at all.”

  As Brown spoke, I felt myself growing
pale. And while he realized the seriousness
of our situation as well as I did, it was
not his custom to give way to qualms and
quakings. “We may find it again,” he con-
tinued. “I have a pretty good idea where
we left it, but of course, most places look
alike down here. We may not need the
weapons, but how will we ever get back to
where we came from?”

  “Perhaps we can live here forever and
let time catch up with us,” I ventured. “I
am convinced those rays are used to increase
the life-span. I should say that the fel-
lows we have seen are centuries old—each
one of them.”

  “Very probable,” said Brown. “They
remind me of changelings. You remember
the story of the Irish woman whose infant
was stolen by the fairies—Irish mythology
is full of them. In place of the human
child they left a fairy changeling which
was its exact double. But the mother knew
at once what it was simply because, out of
its innocent face, looked malicious eyes that
burned with the knowledge of fifteen centur-
ies. Well, that’s how our new friends ap-
pear to me. Their faces are innocent, but
their eyes give them away. I wouldn’t be
surprised if they tried to experiment on us,
just as we use frogs for vivisection.”

CHAPTER III.

The Intercepted Message

OUR two attendants approached and
Brown addressed them in English.

They continued to stare, and he tried the
other European languages with equal fail-
ure. Then he went back to his root words,
the same he had used at Atlantis, and I de-
tected a glimmer of recognition in the deep-
set, tired eyes.

  “You notice,” said Brown to me, “that
the fundamentals of language scarcely ever
change.” And, just as he had spoken to
the men of the lost continent, so now he
spoke to the survivors of the last race. As
we walked toward what was apparently the
council chamber of this underground race,
he talked easily and surely with the amazed
centenarians, whose answers, in low, flat
monotones, seemed to please him immense-
ly. I gathered from what he let drop at
intervals that speech was not their usual
method of communication, as they had de-
veloped thought transference to a degree
unthought of in backward times like our
own.

  “I was right, after all,” said Brown, be-
tween pauses. “It seems they have been
expecting our arrival. I presume they, too,
have mastered the mysteries of time. When
the glacial age became so destructive to life
—in spite of their cities of glass—the more
enterprising members of the human race,
with untold centuries of science at their
command, turned to their last refuge.
Some of them ventured to other planets—
some to Venus, some to Mercury; but they
were never heard from, and the great mass
of the people were compelled, through
force of circumstances, to follow the lead
of their greatest scientists and delve beneath
the earth for their only certain shelter
against the advancing age of ice. We may
hear a great deal more a little later. I
have my own theory as to how they got here,
how they live, and how old they really are.
But one thing I cannot understand—why
they should act as though they were expect-
ing us, and why they should be so unusual-
ly happy to see us. It seems to me as
though they were waiting for someone to
pul to their own uses.”

  The council chamber, if that is what it
was, looked like any other immense room—
except that it was equipped with devices f
had never seen before; that it had an arti-
THE END OF TIME

669

ficial heaven, in which glittered stars so
realistic I had to rub my eyes before I real-
ized we were not in the open air above the
earth at night; and that at one end was an
enormous astronomical device, something
like the planetarium I had seen in Chicago
in my own lime. Through this I was to
learn later that the earth had changed its
course, and that the stars, constellations,
and planets were not where I had been ac-
customed to look for them.

  Some had changed their places entirely—
that magnificent spectacle known as the
Southern Cross was one of them—and oth-
ers were obviously on their way to oblivion.
I do not say the stars were dying; but per-
haps the erratic course of the earth made
il impossible for them to be seen.

  More astounding still, the windows of the
room looked forth on what appeared to be
a wonderful garden of tropical foliage. It
was more than a garden; it looked like a
tiny jungle, with the trees and the flowers
gone wild. I fancied the palms were stir-
red by a gentle breeze. But I felt sure that
this vision was, like the starry heaven, an
illusion. I did not believe it possible that
any sort of plant life had survived the sub-
arctic cold of the earth’s surface. I was
ready to admit that this world underground
had ample light and moist, balmy air, all
under perfect control, it appeared; but I
saw here a flat contradiction to the science
of my own day, which assumed that the low-
er orders of life could endure longer than
the higher.

  The entire display, I felt, was for artistic
reasons; a nostalgia for the ancient heritage
of man, lost long ago; the sun, the skies,
the pure air, the winds, the seas, the sweet
smell of young grass and budding flowers.
And yet I knew these things had been den-
ied them time out of mind; and again I won-
dered by how many centuries each man
reckoned his age.

MEANWHILE Brown, as spokesman for
the adventurers of a backward age (as
the venerable inquisitors termed us) was
speaking familiarly to the most impressive
specimen of humanity I have ever seen. The
ancient root words stood him in good stead;

and where his language failed he seized the
other’s hand and they understood each oth-
er perfectly at once. Brown was so ab-
sorbed in his conversation that I deemed it
wise to keep myself in the background; and
after almost a half hour of palaver, dur-
ing which the leader and several of his com-
panions had addressed themselves to the
time wizard, I saw Brown suddenly seize the
right hand of the chief, and the left hand
of the man who sat next to him.

  I was mystified, and drew nearer my
companion to be with him in case of troub-
le, allhough, unarmed as I was, my aid
would have been in vain. Brown still re-
tained the hands of these two men; and as
he spoke, uttering words that he seemed to
have memorized, I saw a look of amazement
cross his face, and then a frown of perplex-
ity‘

  The magnificent brows of the last men
gleamed in the soft, cold light; their amaz-
ingly large crania, covered with silvery
hair, nodded slowly and impressively at
every pause. And still Brown held the
hands of the two men as he talked into the
air. These two seemed not to be listening
to him, whereas ihe others appeared to pay
attention.

  As Brown stopped speaking—for lack of
anything further to say, I imagine—the con-
clave rose. He dropped the'hands he was
holding and stepped back to where I had
remained. “The plot thickens,” he an-
nounced laconically. “These fossils are not
as saintly as they look—not by a long shot.
I rather admire fcheir brains, though.”

  “What were you telling them?” I asked.

  “Oh, the usual thing—that I come from
another age, millions of years back—which
they understand perfectly. They have been
expecting someone for centuries, and they
are surprised no one came before this, in
view of the fact that they themselves know
so much about time travel. When I asked
them why they didn’t travel back to a
warmer age, they declared that, while they
knew it was quite possible, their time expert
had departed this life, and they confessed
frankly that, with all their millions of years
of science and with all their tremendous
brain power, they were incapable of con-
670

WONDER STORIES

atructing an apparatus which would take
them all to a milder period of history.
Quite a compliment for me, I think.”
“You should be flattered,” I answered.
“Did you offer the use of your own ma-
chine?”

  “Am I insane?” asked Brown. “I want
to get back some time myself—I want them
to forget all about my own invention. They
may decide to keep me here to build one for
them, and I don’t think I can do it.”

  “Then why did you suddenly become so
affectionate as to grasp the hands of those
two old fellows?”

  “Ah,” said Brown, with satisfaction. “This
time I have put one over on them. I told
them that I was honored beyond words to
be the first to grasp the hands of the two
leaders of a race so advanced. You may
have noticed that I recited something I had
memorized. And you may also have noticed
that they paid very little attention to me.
Allowing me to hold their hands was an act
of diplomacy on their part. I must find
other occasions for hand-holding. It’s too
bad there aren’t any pretty girls here. I
might have a legitimate excuse if there
were.”

  “That reminds me,” I said. “I haven’t
seen any women.”

  “Oh, they probably exist,” said Brown.
“But what I learned is of more importance.
You know they communicate by telepathy,
which in this place is an art and a science.
Well, holding the hands of both of them,
1 intercepted their messages! And all the
time they were pretending to listen to me,
they were in reality deciding that you and
I were to go on a long journey to some
other race in this underground world—and
unless I am very much mistaken, we are to
go as hostages for something!”

  “Hostages?”

  “I only think so,” said Brown. “We will
find out very shortly. I have an idea I can
worm some information from one of our
guides. I will ask them to take me on a
tour of the place, and if I find out what I
imagine I’ll find out—that is, unless they
are too wary for me—then I’ll know that
I’m not making any mistake.”

  I found I was growing sleepy, and Brown,

too, was wearied by the events of our jour-
ney. But nowhere in the spacious halls did
we find anything approximating a bed.
Brown soon learned from the attendants that
sleep had been mastered thousands of years
before, and that the last men required none
of it. I suppose their ray treatments re*
moved the poisons of fatigue. At any rate,
Brown and I stretched out in the most con*
venient spot, and our guides, understanding
perfectly what troubled us, withdrew and
left us to our slumbers.

A Struggle For Existence

THE next morning—I call it morning
simply because I’m used to it, although
there was neither night nor aay in that
phantom land—we were fed on capsules
containing high-powered food content. I
discovered that our hosts ate on an an aver-
age of twice a week, and as a physician I
could understand the state to which they
had brought themselves.

  On our tour of inspection—on which
Brown had insisted— my companion spoke
easily and carelessly to the guides, leaving
me to take my notes alone. And everywhere
was ample evidence of the wonderful mind
of man. The atmosphere was supplied as

1	had imagined—vast pumps, of a size and
structure unknown in my own day, drew
in the clean, cold, air at one opening in the
earth’s surface and expelled it at another
under high pressure. Everywhere the il-
lusion was preserved that the inhabitants of
Ultima—as Brown termed it—were walk-
ing on the surface of the planet.

  The earth enclosure was artfully dis-
guised, giving the illusion of vast distance,
even to the mirage of a horizon line, with
trees and buildings standing out against the
sky. How much labor must have been ex-
pended in the construction of this under-
ground world staggered the imagination. I
understood, however, the motive for all this:
The last men, realizing that their hour had
come, had devoted themselves to work, as
the only means of keeping alive their spirit,
the the only salvation from the maddening
realization that with them the human race,
the pride of the universe, had reached its
THE END OF TIME

671

last representatives. And so these inhabi-
tants of a plate which never knew the sun,
fabricated for themselves cold light from
myriad sources which replaced the blessed
light to which I was accustomed; and in
their planetaria they set suns which never
ceased to throw their light on the surround-
ing planets.

  The broad streets, designed obviously for
air space, were almost deserted, in spite of
the fact that once a populous race must have
passed over them; people who walked from
these thoroughfares into tunnels for quick
transportation to other parts of the city.
Evidently the last men had returned to the
realization that walking was not an evil
unmodified; for they encouraged this mild
exercise on every occasion, and reserved in-
credibly swift mechanical transportation for
long distances. Yes, the race was shrink-
ing; for while I saw aged countenances
everywhere, the faces of men who outlived
Methuselah, nowhere did I see the erect
figures and the radiant countenances that de-
noted youth.

  Brown, observing all this, shook his head
sadly. “It’s a pity,” he repeated, again and
again. “It seems they are unable to repro-
duce. A race of young men, with the scien-
tific knowledge of their ancestors, could yet
make this planet the proud home of man.”
“Have you discovered anything?” I asked.
“Anything that concerns us, I mean?”
“Nothing that concerns us directly,” he
answered. “But I am putting two and two
together, and I rather imagine the result
will be four. I have learned that there is
another race living underground here—on
the other side of the planet, as far away as
possible from this one; an inferior race,
regarded with contempt by the people
among whom we have fallen; but a race
which, of course, is far ahead of our own.
These people, whom we have never seen,
outnumber our kind hosts ten to one, and
as far as I can gather, there is no love lost
between them.”

  “Why can’t they live together in amity?”

1	asked. “1 should think that at the end
of the world, all personal enmities would
be forgotten in the struggle to maintain the
race of man on or in the planet as long as

possible. Why should there be any hostil-
ity between the last two races of man?”

  “Why?” echoed Brown. “Well, I admit
there shouldn’t be. One would think the
brotherhood of man would reach its highest
point now, if ever. But I adhere to my
cycle theory. I believe that as the circle
closes, as the last point on the circle moves
toward the first, differences are swept away,
and the last men become like the first. Oh,
J don’t mean primitive; I mean that in spite
of all the science of the ages, the essential
nature of man has not changed, sad to say;
and while all men may have been brothers
a couple of million years ago, the spirit of
nationalism—call it that for want of a bet-
ter name—is still rampant.

  “The superior race, instead of aiding and
uplifting the inferior, despises it; the infer-
ior race instead of trying to imitate the
other, instead of working its way into its
good graces, merely hates and fears. And
so it stands. The same old situation all over
again, from the moment one man showed his
superiority over another—the same old en-
mity that existed between the Neanderthals
and the Cro-Magnons. I think my cycle
theory is right.”

THE guides were beckoning to us again.
“Drop behind,” ordered Brown. “I’ve
got to discover some more al)out our unseen
friends on the other side of the world.”

  I	walked slowly after him, trying to ap-
pear indifferent to what he was saying. My
own attempts at conversation were carried
on by telepathy, which was quite easy as
long as I held the hand of the guide. I must
have cut a ridiculous figure, walking hand-
in-hand with this patriarch, like a child with
its nurse.

  After showing us around the outward bat-
tlements of the city, our guides escorted
us to a building which seemed to contain
nothing but elevators. We shot up at dizzy
speed—miles, it seemed,—and emerged into
the most splendidly-equipped observatory
the human mind can imagine. The elevator
had been run through a mountain peak, and
this observatory, high above the surface of
the earth, was the last point of contact with
the outer world.
672

WONDER STORIES

  Here a few fortunates, protected from the
intense cold by a great dome of crystal, so
vast that the giant telescopes worked with-
in it, and so clear that visibility was not
interfered with in the least, surveyed the
heavens. Instruments unheard of in my time
noted and recorded the slightest variations
in sidereal and stellar motions. For cen-
turies this system had produced the most
complete and minutely accurate system of
star maps in existence; and so powerful
were the telescopes that these men of the
future had been able to study animate life
on the nearest planets.

  Mars, I noted, had sustained life of a
high order long past my time-dimension.
Venus supported a limited life cycle of a
low type. But at the time I saw these charts,
Mercury, the only planet suitable for any-
thing like human habitation, in view of the
waning' powers of the sun, had developed a
system of life and evolution similar to what
we know of the beginning of life on the
earth.

  Ten planets were listed in all—eight of
which I had known; one had been discovered
in my life-time; and as for the one unknown
to me, I could not doubt its existence. It
was to this observatory and its calculations
that the planetaria beneath the earth’s sur-
face owed their superhuman accuracy. At
any period, the marvellous mechanisms
miles beneath this mountain-top contained
exact replicas of what the astronomers re-
corded. Wireless telephony, television, and
mental telepathy all combined to keep the
lower astronomical stations accurate to the
fraction of a minute. Through these record-
ings, also, I learned that my old friend the
North Star no longer occupied his place as
a cardinal point, but that he had been re-
placed millions of years before by another
sun.

  “What is the use of all this?” I asked
Brown. “With the exception of the astron-
omers no one here ever sees the stars. Why,
then, all this trouble to map the heavens
day after day, when the race is dying off?”

  “The will to live, probably,” said Brown.
“Even though they know the race is dying
off, they still remain men, proud to the
last But they have one hope—they have a

  means to continue the race, if only they can
lay hands on—or rather, if they can get
enough of—a radioactive substance of un-
usual properties—a substance of which I
never heard before.”

  “How can they use this to reproduce?”
“Well, as I see it,” answered Brown, “their
females are too old and too sterile—through
long habit—to be of any use in that respect;
and as you saw, the men themselves are en-
tirely too aged. But for centuries they used
ectogenesis*—and this substance will either
fertilize the females, unattractive as they
are, or else it will react on, let us say, a
uterus which has been separated from the
body. In either case the result will be the
same.”

  “I heard something about that back in our
own time,” I answered thoughtfully, “but
as a physician I could never understand how
the offspring could develop away from the
mother’s body—without the necessary blood
stream to nourish it.”

  “Apparently things have developed in
medicine since your time,” said Brown.
“But the important thing—as far as we are
concerned—is something else, something
only remotely connected with this method
of producing life. What I have discovered
is that this radioactive element is used to
manufacture the food capsules, and that
only a certain amount of it is allowed for
food and for use in the ray treatments.”
“What do ycra mean by ‘allowed’?” I
queried. “Who can say how much or how
little shall be taken?”

  “Have you forgotten the other race I told
you of?” asked Brown, with his irritating
smile. “It appears that this radioactive de-
posit, while very large, and consisting of
something I never heard of—Something in-
deed discovered only a thousand centuries
ago—is the last of its kind in the earth.
The Plutonic regions have been pretty well
searched, and this is the last source of life.
Well, the hostile race is afraid that if our
old friends get an oversupply of this ele-
ment, they will fertilize their females, or
produce offspring in the other way I men-
tioned, and that will be directly contrary to

•A Method of breeding children apart from the
body of the mother.
THE END OF TIME

673

their interest. Yon see, like all inferior
races, the one I am speaking of fears an in-
crease in the superior race. They are
afraid—needlessly, perhaps,—that with an
increase in the population,, the greater race
will fall upon them and exterminate them,
taking for itself the radioactive deposits
which are vital to both races. Even here
the law of the primitive holds good. Self-
preservation is said to be the first law of
nature. Apparently, it is also the last.”
“And you say this alien race outnumbers
the greater at least ten to one?”

  Brown nodded.

  “Then it requires ten times the amount
of the element that this one requires?”
“Your reasoning,” said Browrn, “would
do credit to a Newton. “Such, indeed, is
the case.”

  “Then why doesn’t this lower species ex-
terminate the higher and keep all the miner-
al for itself?”

  “Ah,” said Brown, “there you have it.
Our friends run the earth—what is left of
it. Without their science, I doubt whether
the other race would survive very long. Our
guide has informed me that we are going
to see something more wonderful still. I
imagine that the scientific work done here
keeps their enemies from falling on them.
As far as I can judge, the matter was fought
out not very long ago—only a few centuries
ago—and both sides realize the futility of
further loss of life. The superior weapons
of this side just about balance the superior
number on the other. A sort of armed neu-
trality exists. An increase in the population
here would mean war, and the final destruc-
tion of one side or the other. And so the
circle goes, one point leading to another,
and all leading back to the beginning.”

  “But where do we come in to act as host-
ages, as you said?”

  “That,” said Brown, “I haven’t thought
out yet, but I have a pretty good idea. I’ll
know it before long.”

CHAPTER IV.
Hostages!

ON our way down in the elevator I
thought it prudent to change the sub-
ject. Wherever I went, I felt the cold eyes

of my guide upon me. It was as though he
were looking through me into my inmost

being.

  “Did you notice the two planets with rings
around them?” I asked Brown, as we shot
earthward.

  “Yes,” he answered, “and one of them is
the earth! At this moment the earth has a
ling like Saturn, and the moon has vanished
from the heavens. You probably know that
the moon receded from the earth, and then
approached it, and that at a critical point
the gravity of the earth and the gravity of
the sun, acting upon it, split it apart, and
its fragments formed an orbit around this
planet. Shapley was right, after all.”

  The elevator had reached the underworld;
but instead of stopping, it continued down-
ward, until the heat became almost unbear-
able. And there, perhaps, was the ultimate
achievement of man, the tapping of the incal-
culable supply of heat still remaining in the
depths of the earthcore. What had been a
great dream in my own day was an every-
day reality here. In an enormous cavern
illuminated with cold light—a cavern be-
yond the black confines of which red tongues
of flame writhed and roared as they had in
the imagination of Dante—gigantic, pol-
ished, engines throbbed to the terrific power
pulsing, even then, through the,center of the
icy planet. What a contrast!

  What purpose the power generated was
put to, I did not imagine at the moment,
unless it was for driving the vast air pumps
and for assisting in the manufacture of the
artificial, moistened, atmosphere. But I
noted that whatever work was necessary was
performed by robots of superbly ingenious
construction, working in heat which no hu-
man being could long endure. And then
we were shown one of the most amazing
feats of engineering in the entire under-
ground world. It seemed incredible that
Brown could be talking of his own unim-
portant affairs when he viewed the magni-
ficence of the achievements of the last men.

  I	had long known that the earth, as it
rushed through space, generated millions of
volts of electrical power, and that this power
flowed around it in a great stream. To har-
ness this intangible and yet tremendous
674

WONDER STORIES

force would have seemed out of the ques-
tion; and yet, as their supreme achievement,
the last men had done just that.

  Brown and I were shown seven immense
helices of tightly wound wire that extended
upward, it seemed, for an infinite distance.
These were the bases of seven mighty hills
that, in happier days, had been wrapped in
the copper coils—wires of a nature to excite
the magnetic fields induced by the fields of
the sun. That immense and perfect dynamo,
the earth, the nearest approximation to per-
petual motion, had been harnessed to keep
alive the men who had vanished from its
surface. The incalculable electrical energy
derivd from the rotation of the earth was
put to working the machines that tapped the
earth’s heat, and these, in turn, giving power
to so many other devices, in reality made
life possible. And so at the very end, man
had cheated the earth which had cheated
him of life on its surface my making its
very vitals serve his needs. One thing alone
he could not do—and that was reproduce his
own kind. The most elementary function of
nature he could not perform!

  When Brown and I returned to the coun-
cil chamber, we were informed that our
education was not yet complete; that we
were to take a journey to the people on the
other side of the world, and that we would
remain there for some time. Brown winked
at me. I began to get the drift of the ar-
rangement.

  As I understood from what Brown trans-
lated for me, we were to be shot through a
long, straight tunnel in a magnetic car
drawn forward with incredible rapidity, by
powerful electric currents. Although the
world under ground had been pretty well
hollowed out, making it possible for one
race to attack another in deadly combat,
rapid transportation was still carried on
through tunnels. I understood that one tun-
nel led directly to the deposit of radioactive
material, and that at regular intervals both
races sent out cars for supplies. These
times were agreed upon in advance; and as
an evidence of the absolute trust the last
two races of men reposed in each other, the
deposit was protected by an array of photo-
electric cells and television devices, making

it impossible for one party to carry away
the element without the other knowing of
it. This, then, was what prevented my hosts
from stealing enough of the mineral to cause
reproduction. But something told me that
was not enough.

<£T see it all now,” said Brown, “and I
A must say it’s devilishly clever. Our old
people here must send two of their members
every period as hostages, with the under-
standing that if they try to abstract any
of the stuff, the hostages will be put to
death. The old Roman idea all over again.
The only reason they don’t go back on these
two victims is that human life here is so
terribly precious, it isn’t worth the risk to
cause the death of a great scientist simply
to bring about the birth of a lot of potential
scientists.”

  “Then that means . . . .” I began.
“Exactly,” said Brown. “With these robes,
and with the benefit of the ray treatments,
we resemble them to an amazing degree.
These enemies of theirs will never know the
difference. Our good friends can steal all
the stuff they want, and you and I will pay
the price! Capital! I wonder whether that
was why they welcomed us so eagerly!”
“This is what comes,” I said bitterly, “of
trying to put your wits against creatures
millions of years in advance of you. What
are we to do now? We can’t escape to the
time machine because we don’t know where
it is; and even if we did know, I doubt
whether we could get away. I never dream-
ed that I was to die seven million years after
my time!”

  “Oh, I’ll find a way out,” said Brown
easily, with superb self-confidence. “It
would be easy enough if we had our weap-
ons, but this adds a little more fun to the
adventure. Imagine escaping from the fu-
ture and returning to the past!”

  “You’re only saying this to keep up my
spirits,” I answered, gloomily. “You don’t
believe it yourself.”

“I don’t, eh?” asked Brown, with his con-
temptuous smile. “Then look at this!”
From beneath the folds of his toga he
drew a long sliver of crystal, strong as steel
and sharp as a needle. “You don’t think I
THE END OF TIME

675

let myself go unprepared, do you?” he
v eered. ltThose who accompany us are
I ing to get the surprise of their lives. I
c n't suppose anyone has been stabbed down
fy-re for ages, but I intend to introduce an
it novation.”

  “Put it away,” 1 ordered, looking hastily
around. “You won’t gel anywhere with
t/iat. You haven’t a chance in the world.”
“Now you listen to me,” said Brown, “and
listen closely. “When we get in that car
we're as good as dead, unless we can con-
vince. the people at the other end of the
♦•arth who we are, and what sort of a trick
being played on them. 1 have an idea
that they’re not such a bad sort after all.
But I don’t want to do that. I’ve seen as
much of the last men as 1 want to, and I’m
Mtisfied. I don’t mind not seeing the other
race—I can imagine what it’s like. My only
desire is to get back to our own century,
and I’ll get back there if I have to kill off
every man in Ultima!”

  Already our diplomatic hosts were ap-
proaching us, laden with curious objects.
“Timeo Danaos el dona ferentes,” chuckled
Brown.

  “What?” I asked.

  “Don’t you remember your Latin?” asked
Brown, in amusement. “I fear the Greeks—
even when they come bearing gifts.’ If these
fellows don’t look like Greeks bearing gifts,
then I don’t know anything. If they were
besieging a town, I would expect to see a
wooden horse!”

  Our ancient friends led us to the mouth
of a large tunnel, and indicated to us a
curiously shaped car, completely enclosed
on top by a covering of crystal, which re-
minded me faintly of the torpedo-shaped
racing cars favored by Barney Oldfield, of
revered memory. The car stood on a shin-
ing metal track, like a monorail affair. It
was apparent that a large wheel beneath the
center of the vehicle was the only means of
propelling it; and while I sought for a
rocket attachment, I saw none.

ALREADY two of the Ultimates had
taken their places in the machine.
Brown and I, in the face of a score of an-

cients, who looked remarkably vigorous
for their age, and who undoubtedly had
weapons concealed under their flowing
robes, thought it the part of wisdom to en-
ter also. Into our hands they thrust cur-
ious vessels of a metal like beaten gold—
probably peace offerings to distinguish the
hostages from their conductors.

  Brown, sitting next to one of the guides,
watched intently as his companion pressed
down a lever. The car seemed to spring
forward. There was none of the backward
pull of inertia, in spite of the fact that the
pull of gravity was greater, because we
were closer to the center of the earth than
are the trains of my own generation. I
could not realize the speed at which we
were traveling; first, becausc there was no
noise, second because there was no vibra-
tion, and third because, whenever I looked
through the windows, the blackness outside
remained uniform—I could see nothing
rushing past. The car, I judged, was bal-
anced by gyroscopic control which derived
its power from the track.

  I began speaking to Brown in the most
natural way in the world, taking care not
to touch my guide, and hoping I would not
be understood.

  “Suppose we overpower these two birds
and make them take our places?” I asked.
“Then we could bring 'the car back our-
selves with some sort of story.”

  “I thought of that,” said Brown, “but I
have a better plan. I don’t think I can
get the other people to attack our friends;
they wouldn’t believe me, and they would
only imagine I was drawing them into a
trap. With men of superior intellect it
doesn’t pay to attempt ordinary means. I
want to get hold of some of the weapons
our hosts have hidden, and I think I know
a way to do it. This isn’t Atlantis, don’t
forget; here it’s brain against brain, and
mine is the second best, by a long shot.”

  I remained silent, and Brown engaged his
companion in conversation, pressing one
line of questions. The other stooped and
drew from beneath the seat two peculiar
objects. I had never seen their like be-
fore, except in museums. They resembled
nothing so much as the corselets the knights
676

WONDER STORIES

used to wear when they went forth to kill
dragons and to knock their opponents from
their horses. But I knew very well that
these devices were something different.
Brown seemed to be intensely interested;
he toyed with it, examined it, and finally
tried it on. It covered him from throat to
waist.

  “This is used to ward off the peculiar
bullets they use down here,” he explained
to me. “It will be handy to have around
when things start popping. I understand
that our not-so-distant enemies have weap-
ons like pistols from which they can shoot
devastating rays—some »ort of concentra-
ted cathode ray, I imagine. These rays
are effective at a distance, and when they
don’t kill they exert a paralyzing effect.
These protectors turn the rays aside. They
neutralize them. My guide tells me that
the rays of our enemies are not as deadly
as the explosive bullets of those we thought
were our friends. I must get hold of the
latter weapons—they’ll be very important
to us.

  “Meanwhile, I must say I am terribly
disappointed—I really expected something
unusual in the way of a deadly device.
Why, even in our own backward day men
had learned to kill each other on the mass
production principle! I really don’t know
what the world is coming to!”

  On Brown’s face was his most cynical
smile. He seemed to enjoy his grim jest.
I took heart at his attitude; it always pre-
saged that he had found a way out of our
difficulties.

  How long we were traveling I do not
know; it may have been an hour, or it may
have been two, or three; but the car halted
as suddenly as it had started, as we rolled
into an illuminated open space. A group
of men, looking more vigorous and a great
deal younger than our late hosts, stood
awaiting our arrival. I noted that they
were all armed—another graceful tribute
to international amity—and that in their
midst were two men of the race I had just
visited. Evidently these were the hostages
that were to be returned—in exchange for

  Brown turned to me with a smile. “Be
us.

ready to leap into this car at any moment,"
he said, in the most matter-of-fact way.
“This is the most exciting game of chess 1
was ever in.”

CHAPTER V.

Cornered

WE alighted from the vehicle and ap-
proached the group of soldiers, who
in,turn advanced to us. Our guides ad-
dressed them in their own language;
Brown handed over the gold vessels; and
the two former hostages prepared to take
our places in the car. As I stood on one
side, I was amazed to see one soldier and
then another crumple silently to the ground
and lie still!

  It was all over before I could realize
what had happened. They fell like nine-
pins, tumbling over each other in grotes-
que heaps, and I could swear I detected a
look of astonishment on their faces! The
last man standing faced Brown and reached
for his ray pistol. Brown laughed as the
man’s hand closed over an empty holster.
The next moment he, too, lay on the ground,
and before our astounded friends could say
a word, they, also, had joined the platoon
of the silent and the prostrate.

  Brown surveyed his achievement with
evident pleasure—nay, with relish. He
played with the ray pistol he had abstracted
from the soldier’s belt as the gifts were
handed over. “Well,” he asked, with his
quizzical smile, “how does it strike you?”
“Speechless,” I answered. “Are they all
dead?”

  “I hope not,” he answered, “but if they
are, their blood is on their own heads.
Well, we’re going back.”

  “What?” I exclaimed. “Back where we
came from?”

  “Certainly. Do you want to remain here
and get caught? Hop in.”

  We climbed into the car, after we had
provided ourselves with a holster and pistol
apiece. Brown ordered me to don one of
the protective garments, as he did; and
rumaging under the seat he found head-
protectors, like close-fitting helmets, which
we saved for emergency.
THE END OF TIME

677

  Brown stepped on the lever, and the car
darted back on the path it had come. As
we sped back to Ultima the time master
outlined his plan to me. Making sure the
corselets were carefully concealed under our
robes, he battered the inside of the car with
the butt of his weapon, chipped the crystal,
dented the outside; then he held out his
robe and put a few holes through it where
they would be immediately noticed. 1 fol-
lowed suit, wondering at the audicity which
had carried him alive from Atlantis, and
which was now to lead him into conflict
with men even million years ahead of him
in the scale pf evolution! It was like a
man of the old stone age fighting a modern
soldier; but then Brown was so far ahead
of his own generation that he could not
really be said to belong to any age.

  As we dashed into the illuminated circle
we had left a few hours before, Brown stood
up, fcis hair disheveled, his aspect wild, and
shouted again and again in the tongue of
the last race. If ever I beheld astonish-
ment on those impassive faces, this was the
moment. “We are being attacked!” he or-
atorized, in his most effective manner. At
least that is what he told me he said; I, for
one, could not understand him.

  “They killed our friends before our very
eyes!” he continued. “They are bent on
destroying you and keeping the planet for
themselves! No longer do they need you!
You are doomed! Even at this moment
your lives are approaching their ends!”

  With resignation on their faces, but with-
out haste, and without apparent fear, the
Ultimates made a concerted move for a
building which stood apart. “That’s what
I wanted to know,” whispered Brown.
‘That’s where they keep their arms. I rath-
er thought they would rush for them!”

  With the basest ingratitude, the ancient
warriors forgot us entirely—at least, they
forgot to supply us with weapons. Per-
haps they considered us incapable of using
them. Strangely glittering side-arms dang-
led at the sides of venerable scientists; ev-
ery man carried on his shoulder enough
power to decimate an army. In an incred-
ibly short space of time, the entire city had
been surrounded with protective photo-

electric devices arranged to explode mines
of terrific power outside its gates. De-
tachments went below, down into the earth
itself, to watch over the precious machinery
that gave the underground world its breath
of life. Others went up into the observa-
tory, to defend to the last the noblest pur-
suit of mankind. But on every face was a
look of utter resignation, as though this
were the end, indeed; but on every face,
also, I noted the stony determination to pre-
serve the highest achievements and aspira-
tions of the human race to the very last.

IN the general bustle and excitement
Brown and I were unnoticed. We had
failed in our destined function, and these
men had no further use for us.

  “I think I know where we left the time
machine,” said Brown. “If we can get
there unobserved, it will be easier than I
expected. After all, why should they want
us to remain here?”

  We moved in the direction indicated.
Our way lay directly past the great eleva-
tors which connected the ground with the
observatory. Unnoticed, we paused at our
car to pick up the helmets we had found.
As we repassed the elevators, one of the
lightning-fast cars descended, and the chief
of the council chamber stepped forth. He
looked at us curiously. Suddenly he step-
ped forward and caught my hand in his,
and looked deep into my eyes. I tried to
struggle away from him, but it was too late.
In that moment he had read what was in my
mind; he saw, clear as day, the deceit and
the trickery. With a dramatic movement
he tore open my robe, and as the enemy
pistol met his gaze, he raised his voice in
command to his subordinates.

  He started to speak; then he suddenly
sank to the ground, a burning hole in his
forehead. “Run for it,” said Brown, hold-
ing his pistol. “He’s told them we are ene-
mies within their gates, in league with the
enemies without; and the discovery of that
enemy pistol spilled the beans. Put on
your helmet, and follow me.”

  As we adjusted the protective metal and
backed away, he said: “1 could shoot up in
an elevator and smash the dome of the ob-
678

WONDER STORIES

servatory, and let in the cold to kill them
all; but it’ll probably kill us before we find
the time machine, and I don’t dare take the
chance.”

  Something struck me in the chest—some-
thing that exploded and emitted poisonous
fumes. “Lucky we have these armor
plates!” said Brown, turning his ray gun on
our pursuers.

  Instead of falling, they continued to ad-
vance, slowly, methodically, knowing that
we were trapped, and enjoying the cat-and-
mouse situation. Their own protective
corselets and helmets were more than suffi-
cient to ward off the rays.

  “Aim for their legs!” ordered Brown, fir-
ing over his shoulder as he turned and ran
at full speed in the direction of a rosy glow.

  I turned once to fire as he had ordered.
The leader of the party wavered and fell on
his face, struggling to rise; and then I, too,
ran in the direction of the glow.

  Explosive bullets scorched us through
the projectors; a score of times my helmet
withstood the impact of a projectile. At
intervals Brown and I stopped for a frac-
tion of a second to fire another round; but
whenever we did, our erstwhile friends
threw themselves flat on the ground, and
presented nothing vulnerable. It became
a game of tag, more grim than anything I
had ever imagined.

  Suddenly Brown screamed. A bullet
better aimed than the rest, had glanced off
his unprotected left arm, and the explosion,
while it did not tear off the unfortunate
member, disabled it at once. Still we ran,
toward the strengthening glow, and Brown
staggered and would have fallen had 1 not
caught him. We held our arms before our
bodies now, firing only at intervals. A
bullet struck an inch behind my heel, and
the flame burned like the fixes of hell.
Limping as I was, I had to support the al-
most unconscious Brown, more seriously
wounded than I was.

  Suddenly I realized why none of our
shots took effect. The pistols had been dis-
charged; the limited amount of energy was
gone!

  In a fit of fury I turned, ignored all dan-
ger, and hurled the weapon full at the on-

coming Ultimates. The heavy pistol, flung
with the desperation of insanity, thudded
with a satisfying crunch against the knee-
cap of a leader; and if I am any sort of
physician, it was a smashed knee that
brought him crashing to the ground. And
then, as we hurried forward, Brown and I
received a crushing blow from before 'us,
something that sent us reeling back!

  “Quick!” he gasped. “We must have
run into the time machine!” I pressed for-
ward cautiously, found the door of the in-
visible mechanism, and shoved him through
it, just as a bullet whistled over his head,
struck the delicate controls, and demolished
them with a blinding flash!

  “Curse you!” I shouted, following Brown
into the machine and shutting the door.
My friend lay on the floor, a bloody sight,
heaving convulsively. “Brown,” I said,
“can you still work the disintegrator?”

  Something like a smile appeared on his
face. I lifted off his helmet and replaced
it with the helmet of the deadly atomic
weapon. Then I seized one of my substan-
tial automatics, opened the door, and fired.
The heavy slug ploughed through the ar-
mor as through silk; it was a pleasure to
see the honest lead crumple up a soldier
who was aiming at the invisible time mach-
ine something I had not noticed before—a
field piece which would have blown us, and
the great crystal globe, to atoms!

Hitting the Mark!

MY automatic spurted flame and death
among the last men of the world. Be-
hind the eye-pieces of their helmets I could
imagine their deep eyes wide with amaze-
ment at the efficiency of a forgotten weap-
on. As I reached for the other loaded gun,
I heard a terrific roar, and the ground shook
beneath us. Brown, laughing weakly, lay
prone on the floor. And where a host of
enemies had stood, was nothing but a gap-
ing hole in the earth, and the reek of burn-
ing flesh; and, here and there, a fragment
of a body, a piece of armor plate, a shred of
clothing, a length of rifle!

  “Belter than I thought,” gasped Brown
with a chuckle, as he lapsed into uncon-
THE END OF TIME

679

•ciousness. “I could have—blown the
whole—damn—nation—to hell!”

    I slammed the door shut and pulled the
  unconscious Brown into a corner. For a
  few moments, at least, we were safe from
  further attack. I darted for the locker that
  contained the last set of controls. I knock-
  ed off the damaged mechanisms, cleaned the
  horizontal plates, set the new controls on
  them, and turned the lever. Nothing hap-
  pened. Were we to be stranded forever
  here in time?

   Looking round wildly, I glanced at
  Brown. He was too far gone to be revived in
  a moment. To my practised eye, his con-
  dition seemed to be serious. Then my mind
  flashed back to the time he had rebuked
  me. Had I seen a key? Was it not true
  that he had distrusted me to the extent of
  taking the key from the controls?

    I felt around his neck. There was a
  chain; on the chain was a peculiar key. I
  jammed it into the lock on the control
  board, moved the lever, and listened.
  There was a faint vibration. The lights
  above me shed a flood of strengthening
  radiance. And then, looking down, I dis-
  covered I was naked! And Brown, lying
  on the floor, his left arm bleeding and swell-
  ing, the flesh charred and horrible to see,
  was as unclad as a satyr in the far-away,
  pagan days of classic myth.

    As in ancient Atlantis, whatever we took
  with us disappeared as soon as we were in
  another time dimension. In that case we
  took with us things long since turned to
  dust, which vanished; and here we wore
  garments which had as yet no real existence!
  But 1 was more concerned with Brown; and
  after setting the control for our own cen-
  tury, I shut off the camera obscura, which
  had been left in operation—so as not to be
  distracted—and gave all my attention to
  the unconscious wizard.

    Brown’s arm was fractured at the elbow.

  1 washed the wound with antiseptic solution
  from my medical kit, taped the broken skin,
  and improvised a splint for the burned and
  shattered bone. As far as I judged, the
  work consumed the better part of an hour.

Brown was still unconscious, probably from
the ria’KsSi’	& f j3n explosive bullet;

and I deemed it wisest to leave him in mer-
ciful oblivion. I prepared a hypodermic
to deaden his pain when he came to him-
self. In order to keep up his strength I
forced between his lips a little hot concen-
trated soup we had brought in vacuum bot-
tles.

  Then I cleaned myself up as well as I
could, patched up my scorched heel, swal-
lowed a few cups of the strengthening liq-
uid, and rummaged in the inexhaustible
locker for decent apparel. No matter
where we came, we could never emerge in
our embarrassing state, and Brown might
die for lack of prompt hospital attention.

  In the locker I found three pairs of an-
cient trousers, such as men love to go fish-
ing in. Brown had his human side, after
all. I slipped into one of the garments my-
self, pulled the other up over Brown’s
limbs, and felt once more like a human be-
ing. The locker yielded one flannel shirt,
which I appropriated for myself. I judged
it better for Brown to leave his injured arm
free.

  Then, and then only, did I flash on the
camera obscura. But what I saw convinced
me that we had still a long way to go, hun-
dreds of thousands of years: and I inspected
the controls, put my faith in Brown’s mach-
ine, and stretched myself out on* the floor
for a little rest.

  Presently I began to grow drowsy. The
machine vibrated onward, through century
after century, hurtling invisible through the
fourth dimension to an age long past. Un-
der the glowing roof lights I felt invigora-
ted and refreshed, and basked in them as I
would in a flood of sunshine. The sun!
How long was it since I had seen the sun—
the one I knew and loved, not the sickly,
dying dwarf star of the Ultimates?

AND then the vibration died down and
stopped. The machine, I sensed, gently
came to rest. As in the time when I visited
the dungeons of the French Revolution, I
stood in another room; I stood invisible, but
1 grasped the controls, so as not to lose
myself.

  The room in which I stood, and in which
lay the unconscious Brown, was vaguely

  (Cmc/iuted o/i Page 750)
The Silent Scourge

By Morrison Colladay

                                           Marckioni

 Down the hill they came—like
 flying shadows. “There's thous-
 ands IM exclaimed Perkins.

Undefeated—The Scourge Was Supreme in the Town.
An Army Was Held At Bay!

THE chief of police was having an un-
pleasant time. His face was flushed
and he was frowning under the questioning
of the Citizens’ Committee. Benson, the
chairman, was his most insistent tormenter.

  “What do you expect us to do, Mr. Ben-
son? We even borrowed men from the New
York Department. If they can’t find out
anything, it proves that it ain’t our fault,
don’t it?”

  Benson shook his head. “We’re tired of
alibis, Hennessy, Ten or twelve men dis-
appeared again last week. If you can’t
find out what’s back of it all, we’ll have to
get someone who can.”

  While the chief paused to think up the

most effective reply there was a knock at
the door. “Come in,” he growled.

  A plainclothes man thrust his head into
the room. “Say, Chief, there’s a guy out-
side claims he just seen a man carried off
by a big bug or something. I guess he’s
nuts, but I thought mebbe you’d want to
see him. Says his name’s Henry Todd.”
“Lock him up,” ordered Hennessy im-
patiently. “I got no time for nuts or
drunks tonight.”

  “Wait a minute, Chief,” interrupted Ben-
son. “I know Todd. Better bring him in
and let’s hear what he has to say.”

  Hennessy looked his disgust. “Saw a
man carried off by a big bug, did he?,
That’s the craziest story yet. All right,
Mr. Benson, anything to oblige. Bring the
guy in, Dugan.”

  A minute later a white-faced little man
evidently badly frightened, entered the
room followed by a group of reporters.

  “You can’t come rn here,” growled the
chief to the reporters. “We’ll let you
know later what we got to give out.”

  “Better let us stay, Chief,” said one of
them. “We’ve got this guy’s story already
and it’s a wow!”

  “I don’t see any objection to the reporters
being here,” said Benson.

  People are always disappearing and nev-
«r being heard of again. Sometimes one
of these disappearances get? in the news-
papers, but usually not. A man grows tired

681

of the monotony of life and wanders off to
start a new and more exciting life else-
where. Women disappear for much the
same reason. Most of these cases are re-
ported to the police who as a rule pay lit-
tle attention to them. They are pigeon-
holed for reference in case a body is dis-
covered floating in the river.

  However, ten persons disappearing from
a small town in one week was a different
matter. South Change is a fairly aristo-
cratic suburb of New York and many of the
inhabitants are well-known people. It is
true that three of the missing were servants,
but the other seven were the kind of persons
who are regarded as important. One was
a bank president, two were manufacturers
and one a Wall Street broker. The remain-
ing three were men who had retired from
682

WONDER STORIES

business with comfortable incomes.

  It seemed unlikely that these ten persons
should drop out of sight voluntarily. Sin-
ister rumors began to circulate. At first
an effort was made to keep the matter from
the newspapers. A private detective agen-
cy was called in and its operatives could be
seen day and night
gumshoeing through
the Oranges. Then at
the end of another
week it was found that
five of the private
detectives had disap-
peared as well as sev-
eral more of the resi-
dents of the town.

  That Sunday the
New Y ork Mirror
published a sensation-
al account of the dis-
appearances. It sug-
gested that an organ-
ized blackmail and
murder gang was at
work in the vicinity of
New York, and gave a
list of the men who
had dropped out of
sight.

  This first article
blew off the lid. The
other newspapers fol-
lowed with sensational
write-ups. Most of
them dwelt on the
blackmail - murder
gang theory. The
Times was the first to
suggest that there
might be something
even more serious at
the bottom of the mys-
tery.

ALL the men had disappeared at night.
Some of them had started from the
railroad station to their homes and never
arrived. One had left his house about nine
o’clock to go a few blocks to a drug store.
He never reached the store. Two had step-
ped out of tlieir houses for a moment into
the surrounding grounds. They did not re-

 turn. The three servants had been sent on
 errands. The detectives who disappeared
 had been on night duty.

   One difficulty about the kidnapping the-
 ory was that so far as was known, there
 had been no outcry or struggle in connec-
 tion with any of the disappearances. It
 seemed hardly possi-
 ble that a considerable
 number of men had
 been carried off
 against their wills
 without at least one of
 them putting up
 enough of a fight to at-
 tract attention.

                     Two or three ser-
                   vant girls were badly
                   frightened by things
                   they claimed to have
                   seen. However, their
                   stories were so fantas-
                   tic that no attention
                   was paid to them un-
                   til Henry Todd told
                   his experience.

                      Todd was bookkeep-
                    er for a New York
                    commission house and
                    had no more imagina-
                    tion than a cigar store
                    Indian. He was mar-
                    ried and had never
                    taken a drink in his
                    life. It happened that
                    Benson was the only
                    man at the police sta-
                    tion that night who
                    knew him personally.
                    When he could not tell
                    a coherent story be-
                    cause of fear and ex-
                    citement, Benson took
                    him in hand and quietly questioning him,
                    brought out the facts.

   Todd had been on the way from the rail-
 way station to his home in company with
 a neighbor James Lewis who commuted on
 the same train with him from New York.
 The streets of South Orange are bordered
 by estates of considerable size with the

   ly'VERY once in a while a
   sudden onslaught of an-
   imal or bacterial life re-
   minds us that we go about
   our lives in the blithe feel-
   ing that the human race is
   supreme, and has no ene-
   mies worthy of itself.

     The plague of influenza
   in 1918, the onslaughts of
   the corn-borer, the periodic
   ravages of the locust should
   all be evidence to us that
   powerful foes of man ex-
   ist, and they need only a
   favorable circumstance to
   make us sadly aware of
   them. Each such plague or
   catastrophe finds us de-
   fenseless and totally un-
   prepared. Perhaps our in-
   sect and animal foes real-
   ize it by this time; and
   they know that it needs
   only conditions more fav-
   orable than those of the
   past to entirely sweep men
   from the earth.

     Mr. Colladay deals in an
   intensely realistic fashion
   with such a menace. He
   does not exaggerate it, yet
   he gives us the feeling that
   at any time the menace may
   widen its field and become
   a national calamity. A first
   \ rate story!
THE SILENT SCOURGE

683

houses set well back from the road. There
are many places deeply shadowed by trees.
Todd stopped for a moment to light his pipe
and Lewis got a few feet ahead. Todd was
sure there was no unusual sound, but some-
thing caused him to look up. He saw Lew-
is in the grasp of a monster which he had
difficulty describing.

“It was dark there under the trees,” he
explained, “but it looked like a big worm
with a hundred legs, like a caterpillar.”
“What was it doing to Lewis?” asked
Benson.

  “It seemed to be holding him with its
front legs. It was sort of standing up the
way a caterpillar does, if you know what
I mean.”

  “How big was it?”

  Todd frowned in perplex-
ity. “I know it couldn’t
have been as big as it look-
ed there in the dark, Mr.

Benson. I don’t know what
to say.”

  “Well, how big did it look
to you?”

  Todd considered the ques-
tion for a moment. “It
held Lewis up pretty near
as high as the lower branch-
es of the trees and there was
a lot of it on the ground. I
guess it was about thirty feet
long. Its body was at least
three feet thick through, be-
sides the legs on each side.”

  “Did it see you?”

  “I don’t know. I was so surprised and
everything happened so quick—”

  “What happened? Did it start after
you?”

  Todd shook his head as he tried to re-
member. “I guess it didn’t pay any atten-
tion to me. It went through the hedge of
the Albertson place and I came running
here.”

  “What about Lew,is? Did he make any
effort to get away?”

  “He looked dead to me. He never moved
or made a sound.”

  Hennessey had been regarding Todd with
increasing disfavor. “Say, Mr. Benson, this

guy’s either drunk or crazy. You ain’t go-
ing to swallow any fairy story like that,

are you?”

  Todd was still too frightened to be indig-
nant. He looked helplessly from the chief
to Benson. “I never took a drink in my
life and I’m not crazy,” he asserted with
quiet dignity. “You know that, don’t you
Benson?”

  “Yes, I know it,” said Benson, "and I be-
lieve your story.”

  Benson was an important man in that
meeting and represented even more import-
ant men. Hennessey became less truculent.

  “If you know him personally, Mr. Ben-
son, of course that’s different.”

“One of the Things!”

IFTEEN minutes later a
group of men started
from police headquarters
with Todd leading the way.
All were armed with revol-
vers or automatics and two
of them carried Thompson
machine guns.

Presently Todd paused at
a dark, tree-shadowed
stretch of road. “This is
where it happened.”

Flashlights revealed noth-
ing suspicious. “Where
were you standing when you
saw the worm?” asked Ben-
son.

Todd walked over to a
tree. “I stood right here so I could light
my pipe. It’s died down now, but there
was quite a wind blowing.”

  “Now show us where the worm was.”
Todd advanced gingerly to a spot near
a hedge about twenty feet ahead. “It was
right about here. Its head was waving
around in the air when I saw it and it was
holding Lewis with its front legs.”

  “Where did it go?”

  Todd pointed to the grounds of a con-
siderable estate. “It went through that
hedge there.”

  “You didn’t try to do nothing when you
saw it carrying this guy away?” interrupt-
ed Hennessy.
684

WONDER STORIES

  “What could I do?” asked Todd sullen-
ly. “I didn’t even have a pen knife.”
Hennessy examined the hedge. “There’s
a hole here all right,” he acknowledged.
“It’s big enough for a cow to go through.
Come along, you fellows.”

  “Hold on there a minute, Chief,” said
Benson.

  “What’s the matter?” demanded Hennes-
sy. “Not getting cold feet, are you?”
“Don’t you smell a strong animal odor
around here?”

  Hennessy sniffed. “Smells like a skunk,”
he said. “What about it?”

  “It doesn’t smell like a skunk to me,”
said Benson.

  “It was strong enough to knock you down
when I was here before,” Todd volunteered.
“You noticed it then, did you?”

  “It was when I was lighting my pipe. I
got a whiff of it and I guess that’s what
made me look up to see where it was com-
ing from.’’

  “Mebbe the smell frightened you and
made you run away,” suggested Hennessy
sarcastically.

  Todd flushed. “I know it sounds rot-
ten, but I think that smell had something
to do with it. It made me sort of dizzy.
I guess I lost my head.”

  “Lucky for you you did,” said Benson.
“You couldn’t have done anything for Lew-
is and if you hadn’t run away there’d have
been two disappearances instead of one.”
“You figuring the smell knocks ’em out?”
asked Hennessy.

  “Maybe. If it does, it explains why no
one has put up a fight, doesn’t it?”

  Hennessy frowned in thought. “You un-
derstand, Mr. Benson, I ain’t convinced by
this guy’s story that there’s any such ani-
mals. I’m only following it up on your
say-so.”

  At this moment there was a dramatic in-
terruption. “What’s that?” shouted one of
the men, pointing down the road. “Look
out! It’s coming this way!”

  “My God!” exclaimed Hennessy. “What
is it?”

  Afterwards the man were able to give a
fairly good description of the creature by
comparing their impressions. The road

was dark except for the light of an occa-
sional street lamp. The millepede — for
that is what the naturalists eventually call-
ed it, in spite of its size—was running tow-
ard them with a man clasped in its forward
legs. The front part of its body was there-
fore raised from the ground. The body it-
self was about three feet wide, but the legs
added another three feet on each side. It
looked about forty feet long and ran like
the wind in spite of the weight it was car-
rying.

  The men crowded to one side of the road,
paralyzed with fear, until it passed. Then
Benson grabbed a machine gun from a po-
liceman. The stream of bullets caught the
millipede where its body was elevated from
the ground. It was not killed—in fact it
was afterward found that it was impossible
to kill them with bullets—but it was suffi-
ciently hurt so that it dropped the body it
was carrying.

  The men, police and citizens alike, were
so shaken by what they had seen that it was
not until fifteen minutes later that some of
them cautiously advanced to inspect the
partly consumed body. “Is it your friend
Lewis?” Benson asked Todd.

  Todd shook his head. “No, it’s not Lew-
is. He’s bigger than that.”

  “How about the rest of you fellows?
Any of you recognize it?” Some of them
still hung back. “Don’t waste any time,”
continued Benson impatiently. “It isn’t
pretty to look at, but there’ll be worse things
if we don’t face this situation now.”

CHAPTER II.
The Fight Begins

ANn hour later a white-faced, serious
looking lot of men, representing the
town’s influential citizens were gathered in
the chiefs uncomfortably crowded office at
police headquarters. Reporters from out
of town were constantly arriving. The
news of the night’s discovery had reached
the papers as a flash from one of the press
associations. Benson had been tacitly ac-
cepted as the leader of the gathering. The
police were intent on disclaiming respon-
sibility for a fight on the giant insects.
THE SILENT SCOURGE

685

  Hennessy stated their position. “We
couldn’t do nothing even if we had the
whole New York force here. If it was men,
we’d get ’em for you, but these—these—”
Ben Finkel, president of the Central Bank,
jumped up and shook his fist in Hennessy’s
face. “You’re yellow rats? That’s what’s
the matter with you. We’ll kick you off
the force—the whole bunch of you!”

  “Well, you see it’s this way, Mr. Finkel,”
explained Hennessy. “We all want to do
anything we can, but we ain’t much good in
a case like this. It ain’t a police case.
What you need is a man like Mr. Benson
here to take charge of things. Put him in
charge and we’ll all take his orders. We’ll
show you we ain’t yellow.”

  There was a murmur of approval from
the anxious-faced men. “Sounds as if it
might be a good idea,” admitted Finkel,
“if Benson will take the job.”

  AH eyes turned to Benson.

  “Every man is subject to draft when an
emergency as serious as this occurs,” said
Benson slowly. “However, you’ll have to
give me authority to take any steps I see
fit and agree to carry out all orders with-
out question.”

  “That’s good enough for me,” said Fin-
kel. “How about the rest of you gentle-
men ? ”

  There were no dissenting voices.

  “There’s no use deceiving ourselves as to
the seriousness of the situation,” said Ben-
son. “Something has occurred to produce
this race of gigantic creatures that feed on
human flesh. I imagine, because of the
limited territory in which they have been
operating, that at present there are not many
of them. Our only hope is to find some
way of exterminating them before they mul-
tiply. If we don’t, they’ll proceed to eat
us at their leisure.”

  At this point one of the committeemen
became violently ill.

  “I know it isn’t pleasant to think about,”
continued Benson, “but it’s the condition
we’re up against. We haven’t any time to
waste.”

  “What are we going to do first,” asked
Finkel.

  “We’ll wait here until the rest of the re-

porters arrive and give them all the infor-
mation we have. Everyone in South Orange
who has a telephone must be notified to re-
main indoors until daylight. Tomorrow
we’ll have a meeting in New York of all
the scientists we (.an gather together at such
short notice.”

  The scientists met at Columbia University
at three o’clock in the afternoon. Benson
had given a general invitation through the
newspapers to anyone who had any ideas
he thought might be valuable. It was sure
to bring some cranks, but it would not do
in a case like this to ignore any sugges-
tions. In addition Benson had telegraphed
and telephoned certain biologists and engin-
eers he wanted to be present without fail.

  He addressed the gathering briefly. One
of the newspapers had a stenographer pre-
sent so there is an accurate report of the
address extant. The salient points he made
were two: First, that the giant millipedes
were apparently a recent development from
the smaller species with which we are fam-
iliar. Therefore the task for the biologists
was to determine what new condition or
what new food was responsible for their
growth. As so far the millipedes appar-
ently lived only in the vicinity of South
Orange, the field for investigation was com-
paratively limited.

  Second, that a method of destroying the
giant creatures already in existence must
be found by the chemists and engineers.
Whatever the biologists eventually discov-
ered as to their origin, it was necessary
to devise immediately some way of destroy-
ing the monsters who were already in exis-
tence.

PROFESSOR Lucien Shepard of Colum-
bia suggested that two committees of
six members each be appointed by the chair-
man, one composed of biologists and one
of engineers. This was done.

  There were several developments during
the afternoon. The governor of New Jer-
sey declared martial law in South Orange
and the adjoining communities. To make
it effective he called out the state militia,
which established a cordon around South
686

WONDER STORIES

Orange. No one was allowed to enter the
town and arrangements were immediately
made to evacuate the inhabitants.

  As it was impossible to carry out this
latter order before dark, all persons were
ordered for the second successive night to
remain indoors. The ordinary millipede is
a lover of darkness and apparently their
giant brothers shared this characteristic, for
none of them had so far appeared during
the day. The soldiers on duty that night
kept bright fires burning. None wandered
far from his companions. In the flickering
light from the fires, gigantic shadowy forms
were seen flashing through the streets.

  When morning came the evacuation of the
inhabitants was begun, much against the
will of some of them. At the same time the
two committees appointed the previous af-
ternoon .got to work. Benson was ex-officio
a member of both of them. In a joint meet-
ing they decided that it was necessary to
secure immediately one of the giant milli-
pedes, alive or dead, no matter what the risk
involved. The risk could hardly be over-
estimated. The ordinary millipede can run
at a terrific speed, considering its size. If
the larger ones possessed this ability in pro-
portion, they could undoubtedly run rings
around any living creature.

  The biologists wanted to be definitely
sure that the giant was a development from
the smaller individuals instead of a new
species. The chemists and engineers who
had assumed the stupendous task of exter-
minating them wanted a specimen to study.
Doubtless a reasonably safe way to kill or
capture one could be devised in time, but
time was the one thing the two committees
did not have at their disposal.

  Apart from the fact that until they were
exterminated the millipedes would go on
multiplying, their appetite for human flesh
probably could not be satisfied by any other
food. When South Orange was evacuated
and it was no longer possible to capture
human beings there, they would almost cer-
tainly extend their activities. The process
of removing people from their homes could
hardly be continued indefinitely.

  Directed by the engineers, the soldiers
started a foot by foot search of the country

for the dens of the millipedes. They lived
below the surface and any hole big enough
for them to emerge from must be fairly con-
spicuous.

  The afternoon’s work yielded four suspi-
cious looking tunnels. These were marked
and plans were made to place at each of
them an ingeniously constructed net strong
enough to hold anything that became en-
tangled in it. However, the events of the
next forty-eight hours made this unneces-
sary.

  The searchers left the evacuated area as
it began to grow dark and the soldiers again
took up their duties as guards. All resi-
dents had been removed from South Orange.
As an added precaution, the fires that night
were built only ten feet apart. A rampart
of them extended entirely around the ter-
ritory where the millipedes had manifested
themselves.

All Unreasonable

THERE were a number of disappearances
that night from such widely separated
points as Caldwell and Elizabeth. When
they were reported the next day Benson
was inclined to doubt that the millipedes
had any connection with most of them. It
was natural to expect the millipedes to ex-
tend the range of their forays, but it was
unlikely that they would make jumps of so
many miles in twenty-four hours, presum-
ing they all belonged to the one colony. It
was a tempting opportunity for dissatisfied
men and women to escape from their respon-
sibilities and start a new life in some other
part of the country. Undoubtedly a certain
proportion of the disappearances could be
accounted for in this way.

  The really important news of the day,
though no one realized it then, was an ob-
scure item on an inside page of the New
York Times telling of mysterious thefts at
the plant of a certain chemical company.
Benson’s eyes lighted on the item and there
rested thoughtfully. It was headed “Mys-
terious Thefts Continue.”

    The Bauxite Products Company have
  been unable to discover the methods by
  which thieves night after night ab-
  stract large quantities of a certain
THE SILENT SCOURGE

687

  chemical which is being manufactured
  under contract for the United States
  government. Secret Service agents
  have been on guard for some time past,
  but the thefts continue. A puzzling
  feature of the case is the discovery of
  a number of curious tunnels in the vi-
  cinity of the plant which may have
  been used by the thieves.

  Benson frowned and re-read the article.
Then he called up the Times office and af-
ter considerable trouble got hold of a man
able to give him the information he wanted.

  “Where is the plant of this Bauxite Pro-
ducts Company?” he asked after explaining
who he was.

  “Back in the hills somewhere beyond
West Orange.”

  “Funny place for a factory. Know what
they’re manufacturing for the government?”
“Search me. Whatever it is, they’re
keeping it under cover.”

  “I have a hunch I’d better find out,”
said Benson after a moment’s thought.

  “Think it might have something to do
with the millipedes?” asked the newspaper
man eagerly.

  “Well, it occurred to me as a possibility.”
“I tell you what I’d do if I were you, Mr.
Benson. I’d get in touch with Washington.
You’re in South Orange now?”

  “At police headquarters at the moment.
Why?”

  “We have a man there, Bill Gregory. If
there’s anything we can do at this end, let
Bill know.”

AN hour later Benson and three other
men got out of a car before a series of
low frame buildings surrounded by a high
double barbed wire fence. Two guards
were stationed inside a closed gate while
others could be seen patrolling the grounds.

  “What’s the idea of keeping us waiting
out here?” called Benson when the guards
made no move to open the gate.

  “Ain’t no visitors allowed. You fellers
get back in that car and get out of here.”
“Send for the superintendent of the plant,”
demanded Benson.

  “And who might you be?”

  “Never mind who we are. You do as I
told you.”

  The guard stared steadily at Benson for

a minute. Then he turned to his compan-
ion. “Jim, go bring the chief here. Tell
him there’s four nuts outside. Tell him I
want to know whether to shoot ’em or let
’em die natural.”

  Ten minutes later the second guard re-
turned with a man whose face was dimly
familiar to Benson. He frowned at the
visitors. “Sorry, but no strangers are al-
lowed within three miles of the plant.
“Brady,” he called to a uniformed man
standing beside a motorcycle. “Go with
these men as far as the road.”

  He started to -turn away but paused at
Benson’s impatient demand. “My name’s
Benson. I haven’t any time to fool with
you or your regulations. If you give me
any trouble I’ll have the state militia take
possession of your plant.”

  The face of the man inside the gate
changed. “You the Benson in charge of
this millipede campaign?”

  “Yes,” responded Benson curtly.

  ‘T guess I can let you in. I don’t know
about the men with you. Who are they?”
“What’s all the mystery about?”

  The man flipped back the lapel of his
coat, revealing a badge. “My name’s Kel-
ly. Government service.”

  “That’s different,” said Benson. “I’ll
vouch for these other men. This is Profes-
sor Sharpe of Columbia and Mr. Dowd,
one of the chemists at the Edison plant.
Also Bill Gregory of the New York Times.”
“Afraid I can’t let you bring a reporter
in here, Mr. Benson.”

  “That’s all right. I’ll vouch for Mr.
Gregory too. He won’t print anything
without your permission.”

  Kelly ushered the four visitors into the
office of the plant. He gazed at them keen-
ly. “What makes you think this place has
anything to do with your giant millipedes?”
“We’re investigating every possible lead,”
said Benson. “It was an item in this morn-
ing’s paper about your plant being robbed
of a certain chemical that sent us out here—
that and the reference to your finding some
mysterious tunnels.”

  “It’s damn funny about those tunnels,”
said Kelly. “We come across new ones all
the time and no one has a chance to dig
688

WONDER STORIES

them. No man we don’t know gets inside
the fence.”

  “Yet somebody steals your stuff every
night, if this newspaper story is right.”
“That’s the damnable part of it,” said
Kelly, flushing angrily. “It’s true.”

  “This chemical that’s being stolen —
what’s it used for?”

  “I can’t tell you that. It’s a government
secret.”

  Benson looked thoughtful. “Give us
some idea. You needn’t violate orders.
The situation down at South Orange is so
serious that we can’t waste any time on a
wild goose chase.”

  “What do you want to know?” asked Kel-
ly-

  “I’ll explain. The biologists believe that
the giant millipedes are small ones which
have got hold of some substance which im-
mensely stimulates their growth.”

  “It doesn’t sound reasonable to me,” said
Kelly.

44tT doesn’t sound reasonable to anybody.

  1 The whole affair’s unreasonable. We
don’t know that there is any such substance.
If the giant millipedes are a new species
coming from underground to attack human
beings, I don’t believe there’s much we can
do. On the other hand, if they are just
ordinary millipedes grown to gigantic size
because of some substance they’ve got hold
of, all we have to do is to find out what
the substance is and remove it beyond their
reach.”

  “Well, I’ll take a chance on telling you
this much,” said Kelly. “We’re manufac-
turing here an ingredient of a new poison
gas for use in war. It’s at least five times
as destructive as any hitherto discovered.”
He smiled grimly. “It’s a great peace pre-
server as long as we can keep its composi-
tion a secret from other nations.”

  The four men stared at him. “It’s this
ingredient that’s being stolen?” asked Ben-
son.

  Kelly nodded. “That’s why most of the
Secret Service is working on the case now.
We’ve got to keep the stuff from getting
into the hands of any person who might ana-

lyze it.” He paused. “I guess that’s about
all I can tell you.”

  “Mind if 1 ask a few questions?” said
Benson.

  “Ask ahead, but I don’t know that I’ll
answer them.”

  “What relation does this material which
is disappearing bear to the final product,
the gas itself?”

  “I can tell you this much,” said Kelly.
“Bauxite is used here to produce a material
which is added to a certain other material.
This second material is manufactured at
another plant. They are mixed under pres-
sure at still a third plant. When this pres-
sure is released, the combined substances
vaporize into the gas.”

  “I see,” said Benson. “The two mater-
ials are manufactured and kept separate un-
til they are needed.”

  “Exactly. They are both stable except
when combined.'’

CHAPTER III.
The Experiment Works!

LATE that afternoon a dozen men gath-
ered around a cage constructed of fine
wire netting in one of the buildings of the
West Orange Edison plant. On the wooden
floor of the cage two ordinary millipedes
about an inch long were darting around,
trying to find a way out.

  Benson carefully opened a lead-lined box
which was filled with a sort of pinkish clay.
The other men crowdcd closer to look at it.

  “You say this stuff is extracted from
bauxite?” said one of them, reaching over
to pick up a fragment.

  Benson seized his hand. “This was fur-
nished by the government under the express
agreement that no effort will be made to
analyze it, and that whatever portion of it
is not used in this experiment will be re-
turned.”

  “Don’t be so damned suspicious, Benson.
I’m not a spy and neither is anyone else
here.”

  “No, I suppose not, but the stuff’s too
important to take any chances with it.”
“You’re going to put some of it in the
THE SILENT SCOURGE

689

cage with the millipedes,” 9aid one of the
younger men present. “Suppose it has the
effect you anticipate? That wire cage
won’t be much protection.”

  “That’s all been prepared for. Even if
this stuff makes little millipedes into big
ones, it can’t work instantaneously. We can
fill this room with cyanogen gas in five min-
utes. That will take care of millipedes,
big or little.”

  He carefuly opened a little door in the
top of the cage and dropped some fragments
of the pinkish substance to the floor. The
two millipedes darted toward it and rolled
in it with a kind of frenzy. “Like a cat
with catnip,” said Dowd, “only more so.”
Benson looked at his watch. “It’s now
four o’clock. We have a great deal to do
and I suggest we meet here at eight tomor-
row morning to observe results, if there are
any.”

  “You think it’s safe to leave the milli-
pedes?” asked Dowd.

  “One of the laboratory men will be on
duty here all night. We’ll all sleep a few
blocks away so we can easily reach here
if it should be necessary.”

  Benson did not get to bed until midnight
and he was very tired. He had a disturbed
dream of an earthquake which was shaking
down all the buildings in the city. Trying
to escape a wall which was toppling on his
head, he wakened to realize the noise was
someone pounding on his door.

  He jumped out of bed and found a white-
faced bellboy standing in the hall. “They
want you over at the laboratory right away,
Mr. Benson. Something’s happened.”
“Come in and tell me,” said Benson
sharply, dragging on his clothes.

  “They didn’t say much over the phone,
except to tell you to come down as soon as
you could.”

  “That’s all you know?”

  “Well, I know what the men say that
left the plant when it happened.”

  “Damn it, boy, when what happened?”
“The centipedes got loose and et up a
couple men.”

 “God God! Go wake up Professor
Sharp and Mr. Dowd and tell them what

you’ve just told me, and say I’ll meet them
at the laboratory.”

THE lobby of the hotel was filled with
men, most of whom were trying to get
out of the windows. The clerk hurried up
when he saw Benson. “Better be careful,
sir. The things they’ve been having in
South Orange are here and they say they’re
eating people up!”

  Benson hurried outside. He glanced ner-
vously into the shadows and walked in the
middle of the deserted street. He knew
this was a useless precaution because of the
millipedes’ speed, but it made him feel
safer. He had been carrying a gun for sev-
eral days past but he was not now depend-
ing on it for protection. lie carried in his
right hand a large flashlight.

  He thought lie saw something slinking
along in the darkness and pressed the but-
ton of light. The beam revealed a giant
millipede fifty feel away. It was stand-
ing with the forward part of its body ele-
vated, holding some object as Benson had
seen one hold a human body a few nights
before. When the dazzling beam of light
fell on the creature it darted to one side
and as the beam followed, slithered oil the
road.

  Benson had had an idea that the milli-
pedes were afraid of light, but he had not
cared to take the responsibility of asking
someone else to experiment. He swuni; the
beam around as he walked rapidly toward
the laboratory. Suddenly he realized the
danger Professor Sharp and Dowd would
run with millipedes in the street and no
way of frightening them off. He turned
and hurried back toward the hotel.

  Sharp and Dowd were just coming out
of the door when he arrived. “What’s the
trouble-” shouted Dowd.

  “1 don’t know yet.”

  “Haven’t you been to the laboratory?”

  “I started, but I thought I’d belter come
back for you two.” He related his encount-
er with the millipede and the effect of the
light beam. Sharpe and Dowd went back
for two flashlights and then the three hur-
ried off to the laboratory.

  The plant worked twenty-four hours a
690

WONDER STORIES

day and all the windows were brilliantly
lighted when they arrived. The laboratory
looked as if a cyclone had struck it. There
was no trace of the wire cage in which the
millipedes had been confined. The furni-
ture was demolished and the partitions torn
down, and the floor was covered with frag-
ments of bottles and retorts. A trail of red
zigzagged across the floor.

  “Looks bad,” said Sharpe. “Wonder if
the men all ran away? There isn’t a sign
of anyone here.”

  “Someone must be around,” replied Ben-
son. “They phoned for us to come down
you know.”

  “Let’s try the office. That’s probably
where they telephoned from.”

  The offices were on the second floor of
a building a block away. As they tramp-
ed up the stairs the door at the top was
cautiously opened and a man stuck his head
out.

  “Hurry!” he said nervously. “We saw
you coming across the yard.”

  “What did you do, shut down the works?”
asked Benson.

  “The works shut themselves down when
your millipedes got out.”

  Inside the room were gathered six white-
faced men, and among them was the one
who had been left on guard at the labora-
tory. “Hello, Roberts, I thought they’d
got you,” said Benson. He frowned. “Why
didn’t you turn on the cyanogen gas when
things began to look dangerous?”

  “They didn’t look dangerous to me,” re-
plied Roberts. “The millipedes rolled
around in the pink stuff and got bigger, but
I thought there wasn’t enough of it so
they’d grow much.”

  Roberts paused uncertainly. “What hap-
pened?” demanded Benson impatiently.

  “I suppose it’s all my fault, but I thought
I was doing the right thing. I don’t know
now what actually happened.”

  “You were there, weren’t you?”

  “I was over here at the office, telephon-
ing for you. I thought you’d better come
down when I found the experiment was
working.”

  “What was the matter with the telephone
in the laboratory?”

  “There’s no switchboard operator at
night. The office is the only place to get
an outside wire.”

  “I didn’t get any message until after the
millipedes had broken loose.”

  “I know, they said at the hotel you were
asleep and they wouldn’t call you. Before
1 got back to the laboratory the millipedes
broke out of the cage and smashed things
up.”

  “Did you see them?” asked Benson.
Roberts shook his head. “They were
gone before I got back, but Wilson here
saw them.”

Fruitless Efforts

ILSON was a young workman in jump-
er and overalls. He was still white
and shaken from the experience.

  “How big were they?” asked Benson.

  “The biggest things I ever saw, Mr. Ben-
son. Forty or fifty feet long and as wide
as this room. They were brown and had
about a million legs.”

  Benson nodded. “That’s what I thought.
They weren’t the two millipedes from the
cage.”

  “Of course not. Wilson may be exag-
gerating the size of the creatures he saw,
but still they must have been a lot bigger
than any millipede could grow in a few
hours, even with an unlimited supply of this
magic food. These, you remember, had on-
ly a few fragments of the bauxite deriva-
tive.”

  Roberts looked relieved. “I’m sure glad
to hear you say that, Mr. Benson. The oth-
er fellows are thinking I’m responsible for
the deaths of the two poor boys that were
carried off.”

  “Well, you aren’t, so don’t worry about
it. The millipedes that did the damage
came in from outside. They were after that
pinkish stuff I left in the cage. I don’t
know how they found out it was in the cage,
of course. Maybe they can smell it from
a distance. They entered the laboratory
and destroyed the cage to get at it. The
little millipedes escaped. The big ones car-
ried off a couple of the men. That’s what
happened, as far as I can reconstruct it.”
THE SILENT SCOURGE

691

  “Then the experiment’s been a success,”
said Dowd. “We’ve found out how to keep
any more giant millipedes from growing
up.”

  “It looks like it. All we have to do is
get rid of the stuff that produces them.
That's simple enough, now we know what
it is.”

  “We ll get rid of all the bauxite product,
this X-material,” said Sharpe. “Then
we’ll go after the monsters already in ex-
istence.”

  The next day the Federal government
acted. The machinery at the factory back
in the hills was dismantled. All of the
“X” material on hand was sealed in leaden
cases and shipped to an arsenal in the Mid-
dle West.

  Benson directed the operation and it was
not until late afternoon, when the soldiers
began arriving in trucks, that he learned
the Federal authorities had also taken con-
trol of the evacuated towns.

  He immediately realized the danger of
having these additional men in the danger
zone with the millipedes becoming raven-
ous for food. He got in touch with the
governor at Trenton and later with the
War Department at Washington. He was
not able to impress the authorities with the
seriousness of the danger to which they
were exposing the troops. The soldiers had
been specially armed with rifles, grenades
and gas bombs. It was the confidence of
the army authorities in the effectiveness
of these weapons against the millipedes
that resulted in the tragedy of that night.

IN a final effort to reduce the risk to the
troops, Benson approached Colonel Zc-
rnurry, the commanding officer. “We’ve
tried to have the War Department withdraw
the troops from the danger zone, Colonel,”
he said, “but evidently some of your men
will have to be killed before the Department
< ondescends to accept advice.”

  Colonel Zemurry frowned slightly. He
had the professional soldier’s disdain for
civilians, but because of Benson’s position
be made an effort to be courteous. “It
teemed best to concentrate on exterminating
ike millipedes when they emerge tonight.

There are enough troops to police the in-
fested area and by tomorrow morning we
should have it pretty well cleaned up.”
“By tomorrow morning, if you carry out
your present plans, you will have fed a lot
of your soldiers to the millipedes and have
made our job that much harder.”

  “I’ll have to obey orders, Mr. Benson,”
said the Colonel shortly. “Besides, you’ve
been using the state militia yourselves,
haven’t you?”

  “We’ve used the militia to establish a cor-
don around the infested district, with fires
every few feet to keep the millipedes from
getting out.”

  “What’s your objection to the plan of
patrolling all the streets and roads in the
district with soldiers armed with grenades
and gas bombs? They’ll kill all the milli-
pedes they can and follow the rest to locate
their lairs.”

  Benson smiled grimly. “It’s evident you
haven’t seen any of the millipedes. They
run so fast that hitting them with anything
will be an accident. Besides, a pistol or a
rifle bullet won’t hurt them. I don’t believe
a machine gun will do one of them much
harm, unless he’s obliging enough to stand
still and let you cut him to pieces. Remem-
ber, Colonel, they’re thirty feet long and
seven or eight feet wide. Wait till you see
one.”

  Colonel Zemurry rose, terminating the
interview. “I’m afraid, Mr. Benson, the
troops will have to carry out the plan that
has been arranged. I don’t feel that I have
authority to change it.”

  “Then at least, Colonel, have every sol-
dier carry a powerful flashlight. The milli-
pedes don’t like light.”

  The Colonel frowned again. “How are
we going to dispose of them if we frighten
them away? We want them to come out of
their dens and we’ll be able to take care
of them.”

  “Very well,” said Benson, “I’ve done all
I can. I’ve told the governor of the state
and the War Department at Washington ex-
actly what I’ve told you. There won’t be
any question tomorrow as to where the res-
ponsibility lies for what’s going to happen
tonight.”
692

WONDER STORIES

CHAPTER IV.

A Night of Terror

THE state militia, which had been on
duty for several nights, had no illusions
as to the kind of enemy they were up against.
Consequently when Benson asked for co-
operation from Colonel Moultrie, the com-
manding officer, he got it.

  All the portable searchlights that could
be secured were stationed at strategic
points. Magnesium flares and rockets
were got ready. The commanding officer
of the federal troops tolerantly agreed that
the militia should still maintain its guard
around the south, north and east sides of
South Orange while the federal troops
would occupy the town itself and the terri-
tory 4o the west as far as the plant of the
Bauxite Products Company.

  Much of this territory was mountainous
and wild. Exactly what arrangements were
made for the soldiers detailed in this section
lo maintain communication with one anoth-
er has never been made known. Events
proved that the entire plan of operations
was a mistaken one.

  As soon as it grew dark Benson went to
the militia headquarters which had been es-
tablished in a large private house on the
border of South and Wrest Orange. It was
built on the top of a mountain and had ex-
cellent automobile roads leading from it in
all directions. Field telephone stations had
been established on the picket line around
South Orange. A switchboard in the en-
trance hall enabled Colonel Moultrie to
keep in touch with every sector of the line.

  Benson found the officers seriously wor-
ried. “There won't be any way of finding
cut what’s happening out there in the moun-
tains,” said Colonel Moultrie.

  Benson shrugged his shoulders. “What
could you do anyhow?”

  “Nothing. Thai’s the damnable part of
it.”

  He strode out on the terrace followed by
Benson. To the south was the glow of the
fires lighted by the militia. To the west
there was nothing except an occasional
flash and rumble.

  “Damn fools to use artillery fighting
bugs,” grumbled Colonel Moultrie.

  It was ten-thirty when the first report
of trouble came in. The telephone stations
had been reporting “all quiet” every fifteen
minutes. “Colonel.” called the operator*
“station eleven reports that they can see the
millipedes among the trees and there’s hun-
dreds of them!”

  “Tell them to build up their fires and
have the flares ready. Notify all the other
stations.”

  Five minutes later reports came in of
frantic regulars making efforts to reach the
militia picket line. The searchlights re-
vealed the millipedes in immense numbers
darting around outside the line of fires.

  Soon the fugitive soldiers stopped com-
ing. “Some of them are safe in buildings,”
said Benson, “but I’m afraid for the rest;”
For the next hour there was silence ex-
cept for routine leports. Finally Colonel
Moultrie turned to Benson. “I guess it’s
all over by this time.”

  Benson had been impatiently pacing up
and down the terrace. “It seems as if we
ought to be doing something,” he said.

  Colonel Moultrie frowned in thought as
he gazed down over the dark and silent
country which the federal soldiers had oc-
cupied. Then he turned to the man at the
switchboard. “Order the tank corps to be
ready in ten minutes. We’ll go in and
see what the situation is.”

  “When did the lanks arrive?” asked Ben-
son in surprise.

  “Several hours ago. You made more im-
pression on the governor than you realized
this afternoon. He couldn’t do anything
with the War Department but he ordered
the six tanks the state owns over here.
They’re small and intended for mobs but
they’H just suit us. They have two search-
lights apiece and machine guns. They’ll
make about twenty-five miles an hour over
rough country.

THE six tanks, two abreast, with search-
lights playing ahead, made a formidable
appearance as they roared down the road
leading to the center of the silent town. Ben-
son was stationed at an observation slot
THE SILENT SCOURGE

693

in one of the forward two. The search-
lights revealed no sign of life in the streets
or the deserted buildings until the railroad
station came into view. Here the tanks
slowed down and stopped.

  The first man out shouted “Gas!” Ad-
justing masks distracted the attention of
the men for a moment from the scene of
horror revealed by the massed searchlights
directed across the tracks and centered on
the red brick station.

  The ground around the building, includ-
ing* the railroad tracks, was covered with
a loathsome mass of dead millipedes.
Scattered among them were the bodies of
men in grotesque positions. Many of them
had been partly consumed by the milli-
pedes.

  To see better Benson slipped off his mask
for a second but had to replace it, choking
with the gas which still filled the depression
of the railroad tracks and overflowed the
road.

  The legs of the millipedes twitched as the
battery of searchlights was turned on the
mass of liquefying flesh. Colonel Moultrie
motioned toward the machine guns mounted
in the tanks. Benson shook his head.

  He started to pick his way toward the
nearest human body which happened to be
unmutilated. It was lying face downward
and he rolled it over. As a matter of form
he put his hand inside the shirt, though
the body was already stiffening. Then he
got up and spread his hands toward the
watching men to indicate the futility of try-
ing to render any assistance.

  Colonel Moultrie ordered the men back
into the tanks which started slowly forward
while he and Benson removed their masks
and consulted as to the next thing to do.
The faces of both were set in grim lines.

  “I counted ninety-seven bodies,” said Ben-
son. “There’s no telling how many more
are in the station or covered by the bodies
of the millipedes.”

  “Or eaten by them,” interjected the Col-
onel.

  Benson nodded somberly. “I can’t un-
der stand what happened at the station. I
never dreamed of their having a set battle
with them.”

  “It looks to me,” said Colonel Moultrie,
“as if the regulars finally realized what
they were up against and gathered in the
station to defend themselves. Here they
were attacked in the one-story building by
an overwhelming force of the millipedes.”
Benson nodded. “Ravenous, because
their food supply had been cut off. Guns
and grenades weren’t any good against
them, and gas not much better.”

“The gas did kill the millipedes,” said
the Colonel. “The trouble was it didn’t kill
them quickly enough to save the men.”
There was a sudden exclamation from the
lookout at one of the observation ports.
The tanks were approaching a large brick
building which stood back from the road.
“Looks like a schoolhouse,” said Benson.
“And there’s a light in the upper story,”
added Colonel Moultrie. “Somebody alive
there?”

  “Look at them things running along the
ground,” said the lookout. “They was run-
ning all over the walls a minute ago.”
Colonel Moultrie gave a grunt of dis-
gust. It was his first glimpse of live milli-
pedes. The ground was covered with them,
a squirming mass of hideous legs and more
hideous bodies. The searchlights made
them uncomfortable and they tried to dart
away, but there were too many* of them.
They got in one another’s way.* After a few
seconds' effort to escape the glare of the
searchlights they turned and made a fren-
zied rush toward the tanks.

  Benson remembered the paralyzing odor
the creatures emitted. The men had fol-
lowed the Colonel’s example in taking off
their gas masks.

  “Put on your masks,” he warned. He
leaped for one of the observation ports and
shouted the same warning in the hope that
the men in the other tanks would hear.

The Survivors Gather

HE felt a searing pain and the blood
poured from a jagged wound in his
cheek. As he fell backward he saw two of
the men slashing at half a dozen legs which
were reaching through t^ie port. One of the
legs fell inside the tank, severed by a sharp
jack-knife. It was three feet long and armed
694

WONDER STORIES

with sharp claws. It wriggled and jumped
around on the floor of the tank while the
men beat at it with their rifles. There came
a yell of pain from the other side of the
tank. A man had had his face badly
slashed by legs inserted through another
port.

  All openings were hurriedly closed and
Colonel Moultrie, who was a physician in
civil life, started to work 011 the two wound-
ed men. Benson had a nasty cut across one
cheek but it was nothing to worry about un-
less the millipedes’ claws should prove to
be poisonous. Colonel Moultrie swabbed it
with iodine and fastened a dressing on it
with adhesive tape. The other man’s wound
was more serious, for his eye was badly
torn.

  “I'll have to get him to a hospital as soon
as I crfn,” said the Colonel in a low voice
to Benson.

  Benson shook his head. “Can’t be done.
Whoever tries to drive will be torn to pieces.
He’ll have to see where he’s going and yet
you daren’t uncover an opening.”

  Colonel Moultrie frowned. “You think
we can’t make it?”

  “If you try you’ll have a lot of us to take
to the hospital.”

  “Well, I suppose we can stay here until
morning if we have to.”

  “Yes, that’s one thing to do,” agreed Ben-
son. “The millipedes will leave at day-
break. I have a better idea though. You’ve
got a couple of tanks of gas. Why not use
it? It killed them back there at the sta-
tion.”

  “We might try it,” said Colonel Moultrie,
“though it’s going to be hard for you to
wear a mask on that face of yours and
harder still for this boy here.”

  “We’ll manage somehow,” said Benson.
The wounded man nodded and swore softly
under his breath.

  The men in the tanks sat silently, masks
on, listening to the hiss of the gas as it es-
caped from its cylinders. Benson kept his
eyes fixed on his wrist watch. At the end
of thirty minutes he carefully opened one
of the observation ports and jumped aside.

  Nothing happened. He advanced cauti-
ously to the port again and gazed out. The

searchlights of all the tanks were still di-
rected toward the schoolhouse. For a mo-
ment Benson did not notice the piles of
dead millipedes. Curiously enough, there
was never very much left of them after they
were dead, except the legs. The bodies
quickly disintegrated. Now as he looked
downward the ground as far as he could see
was covered with them, their legs still feeb-
ly waving.

  Benson glanced around at the men in the
tank. They all looked half asleep. “The
millipede odor,” he muttered to himself.
“Didn’t get their gas masks on soon
enough. I’ll wake them up.” He had been
in one of the first tank corps organized dur-
ing the war and he had not forgotten how
to drive. He climbed to the seat and threw
in the clutch.

  The tank slowly straddled the ditch be-
side the road and crushed down the stone
wall which surrounded the school grounds.
It crawled over the millipede bodies which
covered the campus and brought up against
the steps leading to the building.

BENSON scrambled down and was the
first man outside. He was relieved to
see the other five tanks crawling across the
campus. That meant there was probably
not much wrong inside them. A few minutes
later their crews, still a little groggy,
poured out. There were a few cut faces and
arms but no serious casualties. Colonel
Moultrie made a hasty inspection and
nodded his head in satisfaction.

  Meanwhile the great double doors of the
school remained closed, though the upper
floor was still lighted. When pounding on
them brought no response a machine gun
easily smashed the lock. The tank crews
made a concerted rush up the stairs to the
third floor. Here they found twenty-five
badly frightened soldiers.

  “Why didn’t you come down when you
saw us?” demanded Colonel Moultrie.

  A sergeant who was the only officer in the
party explained. “Gas. We haven’t any
masks.”

  “What did you do with them?”

  The sergeant shrugged his shoulders. We
couldn’t run fast enough with ’em on.”
THE SILENT SCOURGE

  “Did-the millipedes get any«of -you?”

  “Plenty.”

  “Well, I guess you’ll have to stay here
until morning. Any more of you in the
buildings around here?”

  “Some, I guess. It was every man for
himself when them things got after us. We
don’t know how many got away.”

ORNING revealed about two hundred
survivors from the two regiments,
barricaded in buildings. Searching parties
during the day picked up the bodies of the
dead wherever they could be found. The
extent of the tragedy was not known in time
for the morning papers, but the evening pa-
pers gave it flaming headlines. Benson's
futile protest against the massing of troops
in the area was revealed by the governor at
Trenton and condemnation of the War De-
partment for the needless slaughter of reg-
ular was violently expressed in Congress.

  There was a spontaneous demand from a
number of quarters simultaneously that the
federal troops be placed under Benson’s
control and that he be given officially dic-
tatorial powers. This was accomplished
a few hours after the demand was made, by
the President’s declaring martial law in
northern New Jersey and appointing Ben-
son military governor. There was no pre-
cedent for this action, but there was no pre-
cedent for the appalling situation which ex-
isted.

  Benson immediately ordered a concentra-
tion at South Orange of all the tanks in the
eastern part of the country. In view of the
destructive effect of gas on the millipedes,
this seemed the best way to fight them. Pre-
sumably with the removal of the X-sub-
stance no new millipedes were being pro-
duced. If those already in existence con-
tinued to attack as they had at the railroad
station and at the schoolhouse, they could
be exterminated in a short time.

  No attempt to attack the millipedes was
made the night after the massacre. The
militia kept its fire-studded picket line
around the town. In the meantime the
tanks were gathering, each supplied with
cylinders of compressed gas.

CHAPTER V.
A Nation Aroused

THE following night the advance into the
infested territory began. In long or-
derly rows were over a hundred tanks, large
and small. At a rocket signal they started
into life, roaring, clanking iron monsters
with searchlights playing in all directions,
inviting an attack by the millipedes.

  They traversed the territory where the
millipedes had been seen and returned to
their starting point without getting more
than a distant glimpse of shadowy giant
forms which sped away before they could
be attacked.

  Morning came with nothing accomplished.
This procedure was followed for three more
nights with the same results, before Benson
acknowledged that it was a failure. Why
the millipedes attacked the first night and
ran away afterward was and remained a
mystery.

  It was evident, however, that some new
way of attacking them must be found. They
were beginning to appear in the surround-
ing country and again people were being
carried off. Their numbers had been great-
ly reduced and they were perhaps less ag-
gressive, but their appetite for human flesh
had not been curbed.

  It was a suggestion in a letter written to
the New York Times by a man whose identi-
ty was never discovered that indirectly ended
the menace. The letter read:

    Editor New York Times: Sir: If
  these so-called scientists ain’t absolute
  fools why don’t they use a little Horse
  Sense. I am a Vermin Exterminator
  and I could kill all the Millipedes in
  twenty-four hours. They ain’t got sense
  enough to hire me to do it so I’ll tell
  them how for nothing. Here it is. Get
  some of that X-stuff and put it where
  the Millipedes will find it. When they
  come after it shoot the gas into them.
  Everything’s easy if you know how.

  The letter was signed “Bug Killer.” It
immediately attracted country-wide atten-
tion. Strong pressure was brought to bear
on the government to try the suggested plan,
without success. Spokesmen for the War
Department announced that the risk was too
great. Exposing enough of the X-substance
696

WONDER STORIES

to serve as bait would, if there were any
defect in the plana, be the means of creating
another generation of the giant millipedes.
There would be a new crop added to the
survivors of the old lot.

  It was while matters were at this impasse,
with public opinion becoming more bitter
as the newspapers told day after day of new
victims of the millipedes, that the idea oc-
curred to Benson which brought the war to
a close.

  He embodied it in a memorandum to the
War Department. Briefly it was to use the
secret XY gas in an effort to exterminate the
remaining millipedes. He suggested that it
was at least possible that the X-substance
retained its attraction for the creature even
after it had entered into its XY combination.
If this were the case, it would only be neces-
sary to release a quantity of the gas in some
isolated place. The millipedes would be
attracted by the X-ingredient in the gas and
would be destroyed.

  Benson was summoned to Washington
where he met the head of the Chemical War-
fare Division.

  “Your idea is plausible enough,” said
General M., “but unfortunately it is im-
practical.”

  “Impractical?” repeated Benson. “Why?”
“For several reasons. One is that we do
not know how long the gas will make the
place where it is released uninhabitable.
You see, it is too dangerous to experiment
with and we know very little about it. It
has been manufactured as a threat to poten-
tial enemies with no real idea that it will
ever become necessary to use it.”

<4T SUPPOSE you saw in this morning’s
JL paper that several more children had
been carried off,” said Benson. “It seems
the millipedes have acquired a taste for
children.”

  “Yes, it’s horribly distressing.”

  “Is it so distressing that you’ll take a
chance on making some place uninhabitable
for awhile?”

  “There’s still another difficulty, Mr. Ben-
son. We don’t know whether any of our
gas masks are effective against this gas. The
men who attempted the experiment you sug-

gest would practically be committing sui-
cide.”

  “You supply the gas,” said Benson, “and
I’ll get enough volunteers to use it.”

  Several nights later, Benson with two com-
panions entered an especially prepared tank.
As soon as it was known that an effort to
destroy the millipedes was to be made which
would be particularly dangerous to those
taking part in it, there were hundreds of
volunteers. Benson’s task was simply to
select those he wanted to take. His choice
fell on a man named Williams who had been
in the Tank Corps during the war, and Per-
kins, a gas expert of the Chemical Warfare
division.

  The tank was hermetically sealed and all
observation ports were covered with thick,
non-shatterable glass. Instead of gas masks
each man was supplied with a helmet very
much like a deep sea diver’s to which was
attached a cylinder of compressed oxygen.
These were for use if for any reason it be-
came necessary to leave the tank after dis-
charging the gas.

  Cylinders of the deadly XY gas had been
rushed by airplane from an arsenal in the
Middle West.*

  The tank with ihe volunteers proceeded
slowly through the darkness to an uninhab-
ited valley in the hills beyond South Orange.
No searchlights were used because the ob-
ject was to attract the millipedes instead of
driving them away.

  When it reached this agreed on spot the
three men shook hands with one another.
Benson and Perkins opened simultaneously
the two petcocks which released a stream
of gas from each side of the tank. Then
they stationed themselves at the observation
ports and watched. If the gas still possessed
the attraction of the X-substance the milli-
pedes would be drawn to their destruction.
If it did not—there would be another fail-
ure to add to the increasingly long list since
the war with the millipedes started.

  Benson’s gaze was fixed on the distance

•Any detailed description of the special ap-
paratus devised for discharging the gas with
a minimum of risk to the men in the tank Is
prohibited. In fact it has been requested that
this final episode in the war with the milli-
pedes be described as briefly and with as littla
detail as possible.
THE SILENT SCOURGE

697

where he expected the millipedes to appear
and it was a minute or two before he be-
came conscious of a curious glow around
the tank. It was rather like the red fire of
a torchlight parade, except that it was more
evenly diffused.

  “Damned funny,” exclaimed Perkins.

  “Must be the gas,” said Benson. “It’s
evidently luminous in the dark.”

  Now they could see it spreading from the
nozzles through which it was being discharg-
ed into the air. Gradually the entire valley
became alight with its rosy glow.

  “1 guess we’re going to see the whole
show,” said Perkins.

  “If there’s any show to see,” doubted Ben-
son. “So far I don’t see any signs of milli-
pedes.”

  “There’s one now!”

  A great shadowy creature like a mediae-
val dragon came sweeping down the side of
the hill. In a second it was beside the tank
with its head pressed against the glass of the
p^rl. All three men started back in sudden
disgust and horror. It was impossible for
a human being to look calmly at those pro-
truding eyes and s?obbering lips. The head
was pressed against the glass for only a
moment. The gas immediately got in its
deadly work. The millipede sank back and
the giant body turned over, leaving the legs
feebly waving in the air.

  “It works!” exclaimed Perkins.

  “I guess it does,” Benson agreed. “Here
are some more of them.”

DOWN the side of the hill and up the
valley they could be seen coming like
flying shadows. They bathed for a moment
in the rosy glow and then sank helpless to
the ground. “It’s like dead leaves falling
in a high wind,” said Williams.

  “God, there’s thousands of them!” ex-
claimed Perkins a few minutes later.
“They’ll bury the tank!”

  “Looks as if we might get them all this
time.”

  Soon the bodies reached to the port and a
little later covered it.

  “How long are we going to stay here?”
asked Williams.

  Benson kept his eyes on his wrist watch

as the minutes slowly passed. Finally ho
stooped down and turned off petcocks in the
two cylinders. “We’ll get out of this now,

if we can,” he said to Williams.

  Slowly the caterpillar treads began te
move and the tank started forward. Benson
switched on a searchlight but it did not il-
lumine the darkness as the tank crushed its
way through a mountain of dead millipedes.
It travelled a hundred yards before it reach-
ed the open air. Now the searchlight show-
ed a concrete road ahead. Behind it re-
vealed the entire valley a writhing mass of
quivering bodies and waving legs.

  “Think they’re really dead?” asked Per-
kins doubtfully.

  “Dead enough,” said Benson. “The legs
may keep that up for an hour.”

* # * #

  This was the final rout of the millipedes.
For forty-eight hours no one visited the
valley, to give the XY gas a chance to dissi-
pate. - On the morning of the third day a
cautious advance was made by a group of
men headed by Benson. They were ready
to stop at the first indication of ill effects
from any remaining gas. They found none.

  The little company came to the valley of
the massacre. Scarcely any trace of the
mountain of dead millipedes was to be seen.
The scavengers of the earth and air had done
their work.

  That afternoon the two committees of
scientists sent out their first optimistic re-
port. They stated that ihey believed all dan-
ger was over, that practically all of them
had been destroyed and any remaining speci-
mens would be exterminated as the result
of measures to be put into immediate effect.

  A careful exploration of the entire coun-
try which had been infested was begun.
Wherever a hole or cave was found cyano-
gen gas was forced into it under pressure.
Then the opening was filled up with con-
crete. Tanks and militia remained on guard
at night for three months. At the end of
that time the people of South Orange were
allowed to return to their homes.

No authoritative announcement was ever
made of the number of persons killed by
the millipedes. The whole affair is so in-
(Continued on Page 751)
The Synthetic Men

For Generations They Labored to Create Man in His
Image — But the Revolt Camel

GHOSTLY and weird was the laboratory
in which Dr. Pontius labored from ear-
ly morning until late at night on the deli-
cate subject of life and all its intriguing
mysteries. It would have been an excellent
place for an exponent of black art or sor-
cery, and at this time the shadows of night
had stolen into the room making it even
more spectral. But the blackness was
somewhat relieved by a single, frosted elec-
tric lamp that cast a pale, phosphorescent
glow over a paper-littered desk in a dismal
corner.

  Hanging along the wall on the right was
a row of four human skeletons, complete
and erect. On a massive shelf over these
stood rows of colorcd bottles, each bearing

a label identifying its contents. The shelf
ran the entire distance around the room ex-
cept where a lone door created a four-foot
gap. Directly opposite the grisly human
relics, and flanking Pontius’ desk, rested
two monster test-tubes of thick glass, large
enough to accommodate the body of a full-
sized man.

  Due to the murky gloom of the place, it
would have been hard to determine, at a
first glance, just what the tubes contained,
because they were half-hidden in the enve-
loping shadows. But a close observer
would have been appalled to behold that
each tube contained the nude body of a man,
seemingly at rest, in the thick-jelly-like
fluid that the tube contained. And if one

698
A dazzling beam of light bathed
the synthetic man in its glow.
Douglass gazed in awe.

By Ed Earl Repp

'Illustrated by Paul

had turned on one of the green-looking
globes that hung suspended above each tube
he would have been amazed lo see the man’s
body become transparent, so transparent
and seemingly delicate that the internal or-
gans could be seen functioning with the
steady precision of a watch!

  Through the arteries of the bodies he
would see coursing a peculiar pea-green
fluid, that seemed to glow like liquid emer-
alds. In one body it flowed in a steady
stream, but in the other it was sluggish and
thick, gushing through the veins in quick,
spasmodic jerks with each throb of a green
heart that was located far up on the right
side.

  It was easy to see that this latter crea-
ture was on the verge of death. But the
first, his rather cruel, sharp features ap-
pearing peaceful and calm, seemed as nor-

699

mal as a man asleep on his feet. Both
bodies erect, supported by the heavy-fluid,
faced the laboratory in a way that t)r. Pon-
tius could glance at either of them from
his desk.

   He was the son of ihe famous Edward
Pontius, who in 1934 had startled the world
with his discovery of the Q-Ray that he said
w'as the wavelength of energy fundamental
to the continuance of life. He had been
besieged by the press, the government, and
scientific societies to divulge his secret more
fully, to tell from where this ray emanated
and how it was produced. It wa3 known
that he had made some astounding experi-
ments of the effect of Q-Rays on animals.

   But Pontius refused to release his secret
 saying, “It is not ready for the world.”
 And when he had passed on, his mantle was
 naturally worn by his son and scientific
700

WONDER STORIES

 heir, the present Clifford Pontius.

   Close associates knew that young Clif-
 ford had been trained from earliest youth
 on the mysterious experiments of his father;
 and when old Edward had died, Clifford,
 then twenty-six, had hidden himself from
 the world to “carry on”, as he called it.
 Now Clifford, at the age of seventy, was
 about to reap the fruits of sixty-five years
 of unremitting labor
 between father and
 son.

A LITTLE less
crusty than his
father, he believed that
the time had now come
for the world, which
had meanwhile forgot-
ten him, to learn the
Tesult of *his discover-
ies. As he now sat at
his desk, wearily
slumped in his chair
from an all-night siege
at his complete report,
he awaited the arrival
of a reporter whom his
old friend Amesbury,
editor of the Globe,
was sending for the
story. Pontius had
chosen the Globe as
his medium for the re-
lease of the secret to
the world, because he
knew he could trust
the way Amesbury
would handle i t.

 There would be no
 sensationalism—just a
 simple recounting of
 the fact that with the
 continual experiment-
 ing of sixty-five years, he had been able to
 produce two mature, living, thinking, syn-
 thetic men!

   Pontius looked up from his desk quickly
 at the sound of a muffled bell. He pressed
 a button on his desk, and a picture flashed
 on a little screen in front of him—showing
 a young man on the doorstep, hat in hand.

   “Who is it?” asked Pontius into a little

 nn HERE is no greater sec-
 ■*- ret that our scientists
 would like to learn than
 how life was formed. In
 that secret may well lie the
 clue to the entire nature of
 the universe. We can guess
 that at some remote age,
 something happened to a bit
 of lifeless material—thru
 some strange circumstances
 that we have never seen
 duplicated—that gave this
 material life. That some-
 thing happened millions of
 years ago and the thing it
 gave life to became no more
 than a one-celled animal.
 We are its descendants,
 with our millions of cells,
 in specialized groups, com-
 plicated beyond belief.

   What if a scientist by
 trial error, and experiment
 after experiment, should
 finally hit upon the secret
 and be able to make life
 synthetically—would it be
 a blessing or a curse?
 Mr. Repp has his own ans-
 wer to this question in the
 present story of thrills and
 chills.

J

 tube near his face.

   The young man looked around startled.
 “Why—why, I’m Douglass of the Globe,
 wherever you are,” he answered.

   Pontius pressed another button that con-
 trolled an automatic electric lock on the
 outer door and waited. Presently, he heard
 scraping feet in the hall outside the labor a*
 tory and went to the door.

                  “Come right in,
                Douglass,” he invited,
                peering through thick,
                octagon-shaped glasses
                at the rather tall but
                effeminate -look ing
                young man who stood
                in the hall-way. “I
                have been waiting for
                you.”

                     “Thanks, Dr. Pon-
                   tius,” the reporter res-
                   ponded cheerily as he
                   entered. “I’d have
                   been on time but a
                   traffic jam delayed
                   me.”

                       Dr. Pontius grunted
                     and slid into his swivel
                     chair at the desk.
                     Douglas sat down near
                     him and glanced
                     around the room. He
                     was lean with dreamy
                     eyes, but despite his
                     effeminate appearance
                     he seemed well able to
                     take care of himself.
                     Yet at the sight of the
                     grinning skeletons and
                     the synthetic men he
                     gave a perceptible
                     start. The scientist
                     eyed him with a con-
                     templating glance.

   “Don’t like them, do you, young man?”,
 he asked seriously.

   Douglass shuddered. “I always feel
 strange in the presence of human skeletons,
 Dr. Pontius; and these things”, he added
 pointing to one of the creatures.

   “Quite natural,” said the scientist. “Ev-
 ery living thing has some horror for skele-
THE SYNTHETIC MEN

701

tons of its kind. Even a dog will avoid its
dead. But you don’t feel that way about
my children,” he smiled nodding toward
the figures in the test tubes.

  “They don’t appear to annoy or bother
you,” the reporter commented. “Where
did you get them—the skeletons?”

   Dr. Pontius settled back in his chair and
filled his pipe with the same deliberate cool-
ness that he performed the other act.

   “The first one is all that remains of ‘Kill-
er’ Garth who was executed at Sing Sing
■five months ago,” Pontius remarked cas-
ually.

  Douglass’s eyes flashed and he squirmed
uneasily in his chair as he regarded the de-
signated skeleton. Pontius
continued: “Number two was
an unidentified laborer who
was drowned six months
ago at Camden, New Jersey.

Note the curvature of the
vertebrae at the neck—”

   “No thanks, Dr. Pontius,”
said Douglass, turning his
head. “I’ve had enough.

But why all the skeletons?”

  Pontius realized that
Douglass was purposely
avoiding the subject of the
meeting—his two synthetic
men. He snapped a tiny
lighter into flame and igni-
ted his pipe, contemplated
the reporter silently for a
moment and then blew out
a cloud of smoke. With a nod he drew the
young man’s attention to the test tubes.

  “I am using them to obtain in the sur-
rounding jelly a substance which I need for
the making of my synthetic man.” There,
he had shot his bolt. He regarded Doug-
lass’ awe-struck face as he continued. “In
other words, the skeletons will dissolve into
my fluid until they are all gone. The fluid
will be enriched by a substance necessary
to the production of life.”

  Douglass almost jumped out of his chair
when he comprehended what the two test
tubes in the shadow contained. He stared
at them for fully five minutes before it
dawned upon him that the contents were

really living men. His handsome face went
strangely pale and took on a ghostly ap-
pearance under the glow of the feeble lamp
that scarcely touched the gloom enshroud-
ing the tubes. So this was the mysterious
story Amesbury had sent him for!

  But could it be true? He felt a shiver
steal up his spine as he contemplated the
grotesque creatures and turned quickly to
see the scientist studying him intently.

  6T DON’T envy your job,” Douglass said
X in a half whisper. “But do you mean
that you can make new men; living, thinking
men out of that green jelly and bones?”
“Partly, yes,” replied Pontius, sucking at
his pipe. “The creation of
life is no longer a mystery,
at least to me, but the solu-
tion lies deeper than dead
men’s bones.”

  “Of course,” commented
Douglass with a strange
sense of reality. “Still, I
think, if I were you, I would
be afraid of the wrath of the
Super Intelligence that creat-
ed all life at the beginning.
Synthetic creation of human
life by man, it seems to me,
is a violation of all the laws
of God.”

  Dr. Pontius shrugged.
“The Super Intelligence is
the mind, young man,” he
said bluntly. “All life ori-
ginally evolved through the crystallization
of a colloid. The idea that one creator
made all things is a primitive superstition.
At least that is my opinion and it i3 founded
on two generations of research and experi-
mentation in the realms of material physio-
logy, by my father and myself.”

  “You are an atheist, then?” Douglass in-
quired, amazed.

  Dr. Pontius’ pipe had gone out. He scru-
tinized his guest with an amused look as he
applied the lighter again.

  “I’m afraid my views on religion would
be uninteresting to you, Douglass,” he said
simply. “It is a delicate subject to discuss
and not injure the feelings of another; so

ED EARL REPP
702

WONDER STORIES

let us get down to the business of your vis-

  Douglass’ face brightened. He had dis-
covered himself forming unkindly opinions
of this old scientist for his seemingly dog-
matic views. The idea that the Creator had
made all things had been drilled into Doug-
lass from childhood by devout parents and
he resented anything to the contrary—des-
pite his broad-mindedness. He was glad to
change the subject, for he had no stomach
for an argument with the scientist and, above
all, he wanted the story.

  The reporter nodded. “Then you can
proceed, Dr. Pontius,” he said, taking a
sheaf of folded foolscap from his inner
pocket in preparation to take notes. “You
need not deviate from scientific parlance.
I am well schooled in science and will un-
derstand your terms quite amply. Biology
has always fascinated me. I am glad of
this opportunity to hear an expert discuss
it.”

  “That’s fine,” applauded Dr. Pontius with
a mischievous grin. “I want you to get it
right. Don’t hesitate to interrupt if 1 get
too deep for you.”

CHAPTER II
The Story of Pontius

FOR two solid hours the scientist’s voice
droned out in the dismal room. It
seemed smothered and stifled by the close-
ness of the place. The reporter’s pencil
literally flew over his papers. Dr. Pontius
talked steadily, touching many details of
his discoveries. But he talked about it ab-
stractly. He did not seem eager to have the
world know that he, of all men, had been
the first to solve the mysteries of life.

  If Douglass had thought himself well-
schooled in science, he soon discovered that
he was pitifully ignorant. Many times was
he forced to interrupt the scientist for a
simpler explanation of a detail. Dr. Pon-
tius rallied to his aid on each occasion.
Again and again he gestured toward the test
tubes. Each time the reporter experienced
chilling sensations running up and down
his spinal columu.

  The story that Pontius told was, in effect,
the history of two generations of unremit-
ting devotion to an idea. Two men, father
and son, following each other in the silence
of this laboratory, watching over bits of mi-
crosopic material, that were finally to be-
come men. Not perfect men. Pontius em-
phasized this fact to Douglass. And to
illustrate it, he took the fascinated reporter
in front of one of the bodies and switching
on the globe suspended above, illuminated
the internal structure of the creature. He
showed Douglass that instead of having
blood coursing through his veins, the crea-
ture had a green fluid that Pontius called,
Xyone. And further, as a memento that
the hand of the potter might occasionally
shake, he showed that the synthetic man’s
heart was on the right side instead of the
left. There were other differences, too, that
set the synthetic man apart from our own
flesh and blood, but these differences only
served to Douglass to heighten the reality
of this amazing creation. Leaving the crea-
ture who, seemed to be asleep in his enve-
loping green fluid, the two men returned to
their seats and Pontius went on with his
story.

  The original discovery that the elder Pon-
tius had made was the creating of a single-
celled organism from agar, a derivative of
sea weed, that had been treated at various
temperatures and in various solutions. It
was all part of a preconceived idea of Ed-
ward Pontius that under the proper condi-
tions animal life could be produced from
plants. That was where the Q-Ray came in.

  Edward Pontius had experimented with
the effect of cosmic rays on animal life, and
found that they were fatal in large doses.
So were the much longer radium rays and
the still longer X and ultra-violet rays.
But each of these in proper doses was
beneficial to life. Here indeed was the be-
ginning of a puzzle that the giant mind of
the elder Pontius could unravel. Might
not one of these short wavelength radiations
be the one that coming from outer space
had caused plant life to .change miraculous-
ly into animal protoplasm.

  The Q-Ray was the answer. Lying be-
tween the gamma rays from radium and the
THE SYNTHETIC MEN

703

cosmic ray,* they were found to be a nar-
row band of radiations unexplored by
science. Perhaps they were unexplored be-
cause of the peculiar conditions necessary
to their propagation- And further, because
the conditions necessary to produce them
were so delicate, their praeence had not ev-
en been detected.

  But Edward Pontius had discovered that
on projecting the Q-Ray on the agar he pro-
duced a microscopic bit of living matter.
And when the ray was intensified, the mic-
roscopic organism, in a miraculous way,
began to subdivide and grow and become
more complex. The process of the increas-
ing complexity of simple organisms that
took hundreds of thousands of years in na-
ture took days in the laboratory of Edward
Pontius.

  Feverishly he set to work to yest this
amazing fact to the fullest. After inadver-
tently telling the world about his Q-Ray
he saw his mistake and retired to his labora-
tory for the rest of his life. Month after
month, year after year—testing, retesting,
discarding, starting over; he finally evolved
a process that had finally culminated in
the two synthetic men his son had produced.

  What it meant was that the process of
the evolution of a single-celled organism
into a mature man, which had taken hun-
dreds of millions of years had been com-
pressed under the action of the Q-Ray into
sixty-five years! Douglass gasped when the
significance of these words penetrated his
mind.

  “Of course,” Pontius said slowly, “when
my father died and left me his experiments
I knew I would succeed. All I had to do
was to carry them on; and allow the half-
formed creatures to continue evolving. But
now they are finished, badly finished, per-

* Radiant energy is classified according to the
wavelengths of the rays. There are the visible
light rays whose wavelength is between .0000206
and .0000155 inches. Wavelengths of energy
longer than the longest light wave gives us
the infra-red heat waves and still longer waves
gives us radio. Waves shorter than the short
waves of light are the ultra-violet, still shorter
are the X-ray which are about .0000004 inches
in length. Gamma rays of radium arc still
shorter being about 1/1000 the length of the
X-ray while at very end of the spectrum we
have so far discovered, are the cosmic rays
being less than a thousandth of the length of
the gamma rays. The Q-ray therefore is an
extremely short wavelength lying between the
gamma ray and the cosmic ray.

haps. But I know that they live. I can
arouse them to life at any moment I wish.”
He paused. “I am old. I have no heir;
and I want the result of this work to be
given to the world. The world must do
with it as it will.’'

  “And your creatures really live,” Doug-
lass said when he could find his voice.

  Pontius nodded. “Only yesterday I saw
that one there,” and he pointed to one of the
imprisoned men, “making efforts to get out
of his tube. The human desire for freedom,
of course, and that fellow is a particularly
pugnacious member of his species.”

FROM the streets outsidd came a sudden
shriek of police sirens. Douglass sat
up with a jolt. The scientist appraised him
quizzically and glanced at the tubes. The
reporter heard him mutter something in-
comprehensible as he tensed in his swivel
chair. He glanced toward the two synthe-
tic men.

  The green, fire-shot eyes of one were rov-
ing over the room. Douglass clutched his
papers and pencil lightly in a trembling, fist,
and watched silently in awe. Dr. Pontius
half-rose from his chair in a tense attitude;
Then the synthetic creature lifted a feeble
hand and ran it.nervously across his face;
A cry of fear clogged the reporter’s throat.
He struggled to down it, but it came forth
in a terrified grunt.

  “Good God!” he groaned. “He’s coming
to!”

  “Silence!” hissed Dr. Pontius severely.
“Those damned sirens! Their vibrations
have awakened my subjects before I was
ready for them!”

  Douglass watched the synthetic beings in
peculiar fascination. His brows were con-
tracted into a frown that bordened on stark
terror. It seemed to him that something
like an electric current passed from the
tubes to Dr. Pontius, making him as rigid
as steel. The scientist gripped the arms of
his chair so tightly that his knuckles showed
white and bloodless.

  So distinct was the impression of the re-
porter that there was some mystic, unfath-
omable tie between Dr. Pontius and his syn-
thetic creations, that he almost dropped his
704

WONDER STORIES

pencil. With a startled gasp he pocketed
it safely with his papers and fumbled ner-
vously for a cigarette. His taut nerves were
shattering and he had a strange premonition
that something was going to happen.
Something dire and untoward. A weird
chill seemed to permeate the room suggest-
ing violence and death. It made the re-
porter experience hot and cold sensations
from head to foot.

  Dr. Pontius watched his subjects in si-
lence. A sense of awe and apprehension
placed itself upon him. There was a mark-
ed change of expression in the faces of the
synthetic men in the tubes. Gone was their
seemingly lifeless sleep. Their emerald-
green eyes that were flecked with fire stared
out into the gloomy laboratory with un-
blinking steadiness. The bodies began to
squirm suddenly, weakly. The creature
that had appeared on the verge of death
had strangely taken on new life. He show-
ed even more strength now than the other.

  Then Douglass felt the full force of their
stare. As they swung their fiery eyes upon
him, he felt a sensation of nausea in his vit-
als. His stomach seemed to turn over com-
pletely. There was a powerful something
in the eyes of the creature that made him
shudder and feel sick. It seemed to him
that a faint, diabolical grin formed on their
lips, remaining as if glued there.

  “God!” he mumbled under his breath.
“What a terrible curse they are to human-
ity!”

  His eyes flashed grimly as he fought to
remove them from the leering faces behind
the glass. Dr. Pontius eyed him thought-
fully and laughed quietly. He spoke in an
almost inaudible whisper that made the re-
porter start.

  “I will ask you to remain as my guest
tonight, Douglass,” Pontius hissed softly,
tensely. “I will need your help.”

  The reporter stiffened. He stared for a
moment apprehensively at the scientist, then
shook his head.

  “I’m sorry, sir,” he whispered nervously.
“I cannot possibly remain. The service is
waiting for my press copy—”

  “Tut! Tut!” Pontius countered. “Un-
mistakeably you are afraid.”

  Douglass smiled grimly, his lips feeling
strangely tight across the teeth. “I am
uneasy,” he snapped in muffled tones, “but
not afraid. I have seen men hanged and
electrocuted, and dead, decayed bodies in
the police morgues. As a reporter I’ve had
to handle some, but never have I encoun-
tered such a horrible experience as this.
No, Dr. Pontius, I am not afraid. I beg
to be excused, nevertheless.”

Help Needed

DR. Pontius shrugged resignedly. “Of
course I would not hold you here
against your wishes,” he muttered disap-
pointedly. “I thought you would welcome
the chance to aid me as a means of better-
ing your story. It will be necessary to re-
move my subjects from the tubes tonight.
It is too big a job for me to handle alone.
I will have to call on my niece for help if
you insist on going.”

  “You mean you would get a woman’s
help?” Douglass inquired dumbly, incred-
ulously. “Why, you don’t even know what
the creatures might do!”

  “You are correct, young man,” said Pon-
tius stiffly. “I don’t know what will hap-
pen. But Allanna, my niece, has often
helped in the laboratory- In fact she seems
quite fond of my subjects.”

  Douglass shuddered again and cursed his
own emotions of fear. He was afraid to
remain and knew it. Something in his sub-
conscious mind advised him to go, but a
greater force held him. He could hardly
picture a woman, doubtlessly young, hand-
ling such awful creatures as the tubes con-
tained. He realized that if the subjects
became uncontrollable, old Dr. Pontius
would be little protection for his niece.
What then? He would never be able to
forgive himself if anything happened in the
place after his departure.

  Before he could prevent himself from
giving his final answer, the words fairly
splurged from his tight lips. “Then I’ll
remain, Dr. Pontius,” he whispered, squirm-
ing uneasily in his seat, “not because I
want to, but for your protection. Some-
thing might happen. I have a hunch—”
THE SYNTHETIC MEN

705

  “That’s fine, Douglass,” the scientist in-
terjected. “Just remove your coat. I’ll
give you a robe after I call Allanna.”

  “You—you are going to bring your niece
in anyhow?” the reporter gasped brokenly.

 Dr. Pontius nodded grimly. “She
wouldn't want to miss it,” he mumbled.
“In fact she asked that I let her in on the
work. I’ll need her, too, for she’s a trained
nurse.”

  The scientist turned to his desk phone,
lifted the receiver and pressed a button on
the call-box. Douglass thought he heard
the faint tinkle of a bell not far away and
wondered if Allanna lived with her uncle
in the big house that was built around the
laboratory. His thoughts were diverted by
Pontius’ muffled voice.

  “Allanna,” the scientist half-whispered.
“Can you come to the laboratory at once?
The lime has arrived to remove the subjects
from the tubes.”

  The reporter shivered slightly as he be-
gan removing his coat. The sound of a
musical voice reached him as it came over
the wire to the scientist.

  “Why of course,” he heard Allanna’s
reply. “I was just wondering when it
would happen. But isn’t it a trifle early?”

  “Ordinarily they should not have been
removed until the end of this week,” Dr.
Pontius said, controlling a voice that was
filled with excitement and suspense. “The
awakening is a bit premature due to the vib-
rations from some sirens. Then you will
be right down?”

  “Right away, Uncle Cliff,” she replied
a trifle eagerly. “Anyone there to help?”

  Dr. Pontius automatically glanced at the
reporter. Douglass stood coatless, rolling
his sleeves.

  “Mi”. Douglass, a reporter, is here, Al-
lanna,” responded the scientist. “He will
help.”

  “Oh,” said the feminine voice. “Not
much there, but it will come in handy.
I’ll be right down.”

CHAPTER III

The Creatures Live

TIE reporter’s face reddened and his ears
stung at the insinuation of the invisible
woman. Before he had time to decide if he
resented it, Dr. Pontius grinned up at him,
went softly to a closet and handed him a
linen gown.

  “Protect your clothes, Douglass,” he said
quickly. “You’ll find this an unpleasant
job.”

  Douglass agreed silently that it was not
the least bit inviting. Inwardly he re-
belled at the thought of touching the greasy
subjects in the huge tubes, but he steeled
himself to the impending ordeal. Quickly
he donned the gown, then glanced at the
synthetic creatures.

  The diabolical grins that had been on
their lips had given away to murderous
leers. The reporter recoiled a trifle when
one of them cast him a side-long glance.
Twin jets of fire seemed to come from those
fiery eyes to sear his very soul. They bit
into him like blades. He turned to Pon-
tius.

  “Are you sure that it will be safe to re-
lease them, doc?” he inquired tensely.

  The scientist tied the belt of his gown be-
hind his back and looked at the reporter
calmly.

  “Certainly!” he replied nonchalantly.
“Moreover it must be done, otherwise they
will die and rhy life’s work will go for noth-
ing.”

  “What do you plan to do with them?”
Douglass blurted.

  “That, I have not fully decided,” Dr. Pon-
tius stated, advancing. “For the present,
I’m going to try to teach them to be house
servants and drill a little sense into them.”

  “Then they will emerge from the tubes
dumb and witless?”

  Dr. Pontius laughed quietly, but Doug-
lass noticed that it was a dull, humorless
laugh. Then his face sobered and his eyes
sparkled with the mysterious light of func-
tioning genius.

  “An infant is dumb and witless when it
is born, Douglass,” he nodded. “My sub-
706

WONDER STORIES

jects are men in stature but will emerge
from the test tubes with the intellect of a
five-year old. I will be forced to develop
their brains, such as they have. The brain
runs second in all human mysteries and
while 1 have succeeded in creating synthe-
tic life, I do not profess to have solved the
mystery of thought and subconscious phen-
omena. Perhaps the next experiment will
show better results in that line.”

  The reporter gasped aloud with a sucking
in of breath. “Then you are actually going
to try it again?” he asked, mouth agape.

  Dr. Pontius was on the verge of making
a reply when the door bell tinkled. His at-
tention was diverted and drawn to the lock
control. He went to his desk hurriedly
and pressed the button. Douglass glanced
at the door expectantly and in a moment it
swung open. Into the dismal room walked
the only bit of sunshine he had seen since
arriving hours before.

  Allanna was like a beautiful flower in an
ugly vase. She was young and fairly rad-
iated sunshine. Her cheeks seemed to glow
even under the subdued illumination of the
dreary, dismal laboratory; and her eyes, a
deeper shade of blue than the scientist’s,
sparkled with a frank, understanding ten-
derness. She was dressed in the spotless
white of a trained nurse. From under her
starched cap protruded curling whisps of
auburn hair.

  Douglass felt that never before had he
beheld such a beautiful girl. Before her
arrival, he had mentally visioned her as
skinny, curt and undemonstrative. He was
completely bowled over now and he gaped
at her in astonishment when she paused a
few feet away from him.

  “Good evening!” she said in a soft, musi-
cal voice. “You are Mr. Douglass?”

  The newspaper man shook his head eag-
erly, forgetting entirely that he was im-
mersed in the dreary gloom of a womb of
science.

  “Douglass—Morton Douglass,” he stam-
mered. “You are Allanna, Dr. Pontius’
niece?”

  She smiled warmly. “Uncle calls me Al-
lie,” she said. “I’ve read and digested many
of your scientific articles, Mr. Douglass, and

found them charmingly written and precise-
ly correct.”

  “Thank you, Miss Allanna,” he grinned.
“There's nothing more disgusting than rot-
ten scientific reports. I strive to get mine
correct. That is why I am here tonight—
to get your uncle’s startling discoveries first
hand.”

  They were interrupted by Dr. Pontius.
“No need to introduce you two,” he chuck-
led quietly. “You’ll get along. Now let’s
get busy. Allie, you know what to do.
Mr. Douglass will help me with the tubes.”

SUDDENLY Dr. Pontius snapped an
electric switch. Instantly the labora-
tory became a place of brilliant light. The
young Mr. Douglass gave a start. His pulse
beat a tattoo at his temples. Quickly he
glanced around the room. The gloom had
vanished and he found that the place was
not so sal as it had been under the glow
of the single frosted desk lamp. Yet the
peculiar revulsion for it all still clung to
him. The four human skeletons stood out
now in high relief against the wall. Their
sightless sockets seemed concentrated upon
him. He winced at a discovery.

  The skeletons were not wired at all as
he had suspected! They were indeed fr<¥sh,
green bones partly dissolved in the devas-
tating green jelly! With a sinking feeling
he withdrew his popping eyes from them
and glanced at Allie. She was making
ready two operating tables in the center of
the room. Her back was turned to him so
that she did not observe the panicky look in
his eyes and the pallor in his cheeks.

  He was glad of it for he did not want her
to think him a coward. He could have
faced death easily knowing what confronted
him. But here in this place of unknown
things, unnatural life and inhuman sorcery,
he was all but completely unnerved. Nor
could he have been blamed for it. Only
long association with such dreadful things
could make a man or woman indifferent to
them. Neither Allie or her uncle minded
the strange combination of life and death
in the least.

  The place now seemed like a sepulchre.
The silence was oppressing. The very at-
THE SYNTHETIC MEN

707

l&osphere was filled with a high tension, as
if a bomb lay in the middle of the place
with a burning fuse nearing the deadly
charge of explosives. Douglass sensed dan-
ger of an unknown degree and turned to
the tubes to see the synthetic creatures ap-
praising him greedily.

  Dr. Pontius motioned to him from where
he stood, just beside the first tube. Inside
of it the creature leered, his lips curled into
the snarl of a savage jungle beast. The
reporter looked hard at him and found that
he* was no longer transparent. He glanced
at the other man. Gone also was his trans-
parency and he appraised the scientist
questioningly. As though he sensed what
lay in the reporter’s mind, Dr. Pontius vol-
untarily enlightened him.

  “They were made transparent by this N-
Ray projector,” he pointed to the globe
above them. “I arranged that so I could
see what was taking place within their ana-
tomies at all times. But you will find that
they have a healthy look now.”

  The newspaperman looked at them again.
Indeed they did appear healthy. Their skin
seemed like green silk and as smooth as
silk. But it still seemed ghastly and un-
earthly. Something about it created a sense
of horror in the reporter. His soul rebelled
against them and he wondered if Miss Al-
lanna or her uncle had any such feelings.

  Before he had time to inquire about it,
Dr. Pontius announced himself ready to re-
move his subjects. The reporter’s blood
pounded. His lips lightened across his
teeth again and his hands went into balls of
muscle and bone voluntarily. He watched
the scientist as he began removing the sus-
taining bands from about the tube. Doug-
less felt his flesh creep. He stiffened
strangely when Allie came up and stood be-
side him, their elbows brushing. She spoke
to him in a very low whisper.

  “Aren’t you thrilled, Mr. Douglass?'’ she
asked, bubbling over with excitement. “I
think it’s wonderful!”

  “Yes, er—I am, Miss Allanna,” he replied
shakily. “I’m so thrilled that my spine
shivers! ”

  She gave an almost silent laugh and he
felt her deep-blue eyes upon him. Fearful

lest she discover his weakness, he did not
look at her, but watched instead, the crea-
ture within the tube that Dr. Pontius was
working on. The leering subject was gaz-
ing at his creator now, the tips of his fin-
gers working convulsively as though eager
to get at the throat of the scientist.

  “Aren’t you the least bit afraid, Miss Al-
lanna?” Douglass blurted suddenly. She
chuckled.

  “Not in the least,” she replied sincerely.
“Are you, Mr. Douglass?”

Delicate Work

HE ventured a glance at her. She was
watching her uncle. Her face was
aglow with expectantcy. Not a single quiv-
er of revulsion ran through her and the re-
porter marvelled at her remarkable equam-
nity in the face of such horrors. She was
as calloused to them as her distinguished
uncle.

  “Now,” said Pontius crisply. “One more
thing to do, and then we’ll be ready to re-
move them.”

  He wheeled over to the tube a large stand,
the lower part of which held a box on which
were a row of black buttons. A long thick
rod projected upward to a qpeer-looking
metal globe. Pontius adjusted the stand in
front of his creation, and sighting along
it for a moment, pressed one of the black
buttons. Instantly a sharp dazzling beam
of light, emanating from the globe, bathed
the synthetic man in its glow. For a mo-
ment, as Douglass gazed in awe, the crea-
ture remained motionless then his arms be-
gan to move slowly up and down through
the confining liquid, and his features took
on the look of one awakening from a long
sleep.

  “Now, Douglass,” said Pontius suddenly,
“on the other side of the tube, you will find
a crank. Turn it slowly in a clockwise di-
rection until the tube is inclined fifteen
degrees. Then we’ll open up the tube and
release our good friend.”

  Hesitantly the reporter went to obey. He
grasped the handles as directed and was
amazed to feel ihe tube slowly incline.
When the inclination had reached fifteen
708

WONDER STORIES

degrees, he opened up the tube, leaving the
synthetic man exposed as though he stood
upright in a glass coffin.

  Expecting to see the creature fall out of
the tube and at him, Douglass quickly set
the half-tube aside and partly crouched.
The being stared at him strangely but made
no effort to get out.

  “I don’t believe Joe Agar would hurt a
flea,” laughed Allanna, amused at the re-
porter’s actions.

  Douglass calmed easily. “Joe Agar?”
he squinted at her, curiously. “Is that
what you are going to call the creature?”
“What else could we name him, Mr.
Douglass?” Allanna smiled. “Agar is the
substance from which they sprung. Hence
the name. The other one is Jack. Their
names are Joe and Jack Agar.”

  “Brothers under the skin?” the reporter
grimaced.

  “Deeper than that, Mr. Douglass,” the
girl replied quickly.

  Her attention was suddenly drawn to her
uncle who spoke softly at her.

  “Are you ready to receive him, Allie?”
the scientist asked without pausing in his
work. “Strait-jackets for emergency, ether
and all that?”

  “Yes, doctor,” she responded, dropping
all interest in everything but her profes-
sional duty as a trained nurse.

  “Then take your post,” Dr. Pontius or-
dered curtly. He turned to the reporter.
“Douglass, you stand ready to support the
subject in event his weakness causes him
to topple when I let the jelly out into the
hole at the bottom of the tube.”

  “Weak, eh?” Douglass muttered to him-
self. “I’m damned glad of that. Makes
me feel better.”

  “What’s tBat, young man?” Dr. Pontius
snapped sharply.

  “Nothing, sir,” responded the reporter.
“I was just humming a tune.”

  “Good!” ejaculated the scientist. “I like
to have around me, men who are fearless
and callous. You are improving, sir.”
“Thank you, doc,” Douglass said evenly.
Then to himself: “If he only knew the
truth!”

  Douglass was so utterly startled by a sud-

den groan from the curled lips of Joe Agar
that his face turned even more pale. The
creature sagged forward a trifle as the jelly
slowly filtered through the now opened
hole. Instinctively but revulsively, the re-
porter reached forward to support him.
His hands touched the greasy body. It felt
as clammy as the skin of a snake and it
made him tremble. He felt his flesh creep,
but stood rigid, both hands under the arm-
pit of the artificial man.

       CHAPTER IV
       The First Death

JOE Agar swung his steady unblinking
gaze upon the newspaper man. Doug-
lass avoided the green eyes by concentra-
ting on the creature’s hairless head and
aboriginal brow. He shook almost violent-
ly, for the somber, ominous atmosphere with
its invisible menace, was striking deeply at
his soul. Danger seemed to lurk on every
hand and the reporter sensed it even more
when the final protecting fluid had slipped
from the creature’s body.

  Instantly Joe Agar toppled limply into
the reporter’s arms. The scientist quickly
went to his aid *:nd together they carried
the weak synthetic creature to a table. Al-
lanna had spread upon it clean sheets and
blankets. She stood at its head, a mask
in one hand and an ether container in the
other. Evidently they had not expected the
creature to emerge in such a weakened con-
dition and they were ready to subdue him
if need be. He was placed under the blan-
kets and the girl laid aside her instruments
of mercy.

  “He is too weak to be harmful,” she
said calmly, “and too feeble to stand an
anasthetic.”

  “That is correct, Allie,’' said her uncle.
“His respiration is dangerously low. Just
cover him well and let him sleep until morn-
ing. I think he’ll be alright. Now Mr.
Douglass, if you don’t mind, we’ll remove
the other one.”

  Silently they returned to the tubes leav-
ing Miss Allanna bending over Joe Agar
with a stethoscope attached to her ears.
THE SYNTHETIC MEN

709

He heard her gasp and glanced over his
shoulders. She was looking after her uncle
questioningly but said nothing. There came
a dismal groan from the table. Dr. Pon-
tius turned suddenly and retraced his steps
toward it.

  “What was that, Allie?” he asked appre-
hensively, as though sensing something un-
toward in the sound that had escaped his
subject’s lips.

  Miss Allanna looked up at him curious-
ly. “I—I don’t know,” she replied softly.
“Unless he is dying.”

  Douglass came up beside her and looked
into the grotesque face on the sheets. Joe
Agar seemed to be breathing his last. His
lips were still curled into a foreboding
sneer and his lids were wide. A purple
rash stood out on his brown and a greenish
liquid perspiration fairly surged from his
over-large pores.

  “Why, he’s dying!” exclaimed the re-
porter with a feeling akin to genuine joy.
Through his mind raced a wild thought.
“I hope he does!” he thought. “A thing
dies, then we’ll only have one, his brother,
to reckon with! No doubt about it, they
seemed to have taken a form of life to pur-
posely revenge themselves on man who vio-
lated all laws of nature!”

  “Silence!” snapped Dr. Pontius with a
scowl. He reached up suddenly and took a
green bottle from the shelf. As if ordered
to do so by mental telepathy, Allanna pull-
ed one of Joe Agar’s arms out into the open.
Dr. Pontius emptied the contents of the bot-
tle into a glass tube under the table and
calmly began to transfer it to the veins of
the dying subject. Douglass shuddered as
a silver tube was inserted in the artery of
the arm, and turned away, appalled. Some-
thing drew him to the other creature. He
paused in front of the big tube, to stare
meditatively at the leering features of Jack
Agar.

  He felt an urge to bolt the place, then
suddenly he came down to earth. If he ran
out on this terrifying experiment, he would
never hear the end of it. After all, he was
a newspaper man on an important story.
He must continue with the ordeal whether
he wanted to or not despite the fact that Jack

Agar was going to be more difficult to han-
dle than the other.

  Jack Agar virtually chewed at his lips in
a strange, sinister emotion of savagery.
Muscles seemed to bulge under his silky
skin. His fingers twitched with the rest-
lessness of a mad man. Douglass realized
that there was nothing weak about him. He
heard Dr. Pontius emit a dismayed groan
and turned. Allanna was working a small
pulmotor frantically, but the scientist waved
her aside.

  “Never mind, Allanna,” he said omin-
ously. “He’s done! Dead!”

THE reporter shrugged as she pulled a
sheet over the greenwhite face. Across
his lips flashed a smile. Piously he glanc-
ed upward and shook his head as though
to offer thanks to the invisible Creator of
all things, for having interfered with this
horrible violation of nature’s laws. He
heard Allanna stifle a sob, and wondered
if she mourned the death of the synthetic
creature. But no, it was not that. She
sympathized with her uncle who stood be-
side the bed dejectedly, like a man who has
lost his all. He jerked erect suddenly and
came toward the reporter.

  “We’re not beaten yet, Douglass!” he
muttered. “I rather suspected Joe Agar
would pass on, but I have little fear for
Jack. He’ll live to prove my father’s dis-
coveries to the world.”

  “I hope so, Dr. Pontius,” lied Douglass
glibly. Yet he felt genuine sorrow for the
old scientist who had spent his life to evolve
man, then be forced to watch the results of
his genius die at the point of success. “He
is indeed filled with vigor and—uncon-
trolled deviltry.”

  “You are right!” Dr. Pontius replied
promptly. “He has developed far beyond
his brother. That is why I valued his life
more. Though he has scarcely less than
the brute capacity of the simians and will
be hard to control. Still, I have no fear
of him, for I will bend him to my will by
hypnotic suggestion.”

  Douglass somewhat doubted the genuine-
ness of the scientist’s expressed fearlessness.
There was something in his tone now that
710

WONDER STORIES

belied a kind of fear for the creature in the
tube, but the reporter argued with himself
that it might be a tone of sadness at the
death of Joe Agar. Yet his uneasiness in-
creased and he stirred restlessly while Dr.
Pontius dismantled the tube. He watched
with unrestrained forebodings.

  Jack Agar possessed the strength of a
maniac. This might appear strange con-
sidering the fact that the creature had never
been permitted to move freely. But Dr.
Pontius had used special care to build up
his muscular system. Scarcely had the re-
porter removed the front section of the tube
than the synthetic man lashed out with a
frenzied left hand to clutch at him.

  “Hadn’t you better use a hypodermic
needle on him, Dr. Pontius?” he asked,
trembling. Then he' added in a grim whis-
per: ‘Til sock him square on the button if
I have to!”

  “No! No! No!” said Dr. Pontius severely.
“The shock may forever weaken his senses.
Do not raise a hand against him, young
man! I warn you!”

  Douglass suddenly sensed the nearness
of Allanna. She had crept up unnoticed to
watch the work of releasing the bestial sub-
ject and had sen Jack Agar’s savage thrust
at the reporter. There was an unmistakable
expression of alarm on her features, yet she
seemed calm and collected. She peered in-
tently into the maniacal face of the strug-
gling creature, her deep-blue eyes boring in-
to him steadily.

  As though compelled to do so by some
powerful, invisible force, Jack Agar grad-
ually ceased his struggles. The green fire
seemed to vanish from his eyes. They be-
came soft and languid as the eyes of a child
looking up into his mother’s kindly face
appealingly. Still, Douglass thought he
detected an evil gleam in the look. His
gaze traveled from the creature to Allanna.
Across her lips flashed a pleased smile.

  “Be a good boy, Jack,” she whispered soft-
ly, never moving her eyes from him for an
instant. But whether Jack Agar understood
what she said, Douglass could not decide.
He very much doubted it however and won-
dered what force she had applied to him
to bring him to submission. Had she used

hypnotic suggestion or just plain hypnotism
on a weaker will? Or was the creature
merely fascinated by the charm of the girl
and did the evil gleam in his eyes spell ill
for her? Whatever it was, she had certain-
ly subdued him, her eyes soothing him like
music soothes the savage beast.

  Dr. Pontius glanced at her presently.
“He’ll be alright now, Allie,” he said
smoothly. “You may rest a moment. You
must be tired now.”

  “Oh, I’m alright, Uncle Mark,” she re-
sponded, trembling slightly. “You can go
ahead. The table is ready.”

       CHAPTER V
       Uneasy Hours

THE scientist gave her a warm, affection-
ate smile and turned again to the tube.
Quickly he surveyed the silent, foreboding
subject whose eyes followed Allanna as she
turned away. Douglass crouched instinc-
tively expecting the creature to leap from
his coffin of glass. But Jack Agar made
no such move. He seemed thoroughly fas-
cinated by the girl and watched her stead-
ily through unblinking eyes. The reporter
was amazed to see Dr. Pontius lead him eas-
ily from his container directly to the table.
He followed cautiously, tensely, ready for
any sudden outbreak from the synthetic
man.

  With his subject prone on the table, Dr.
Pontius lost no time in strapping him down
by the ankles and wrists. Jack Agar made
no protest but kept his orbs glued on Al-
lanna. Reaching to the wall quickly, the
scientist grasped a cord and lowered a
great, green-shaded lamp of the same pro-
portions as the table. Without hesitation
he switched on a biilliant light that sprayed
the subject with an emerald glare. Jack
Agar writhed as though he lay on a bed of
coals. His muscles bulged and snapped;
then Dr. Pontius flicked his open hand be-
fore his face like a hypnotist working on a
subject. The synthetic man ceased his strug-
gles and lay still under the flood of light.

  The reporter heaved a sigh of relief. He
opened his clenched fists and relaxed his
THE SYNTHETIC MEN

711

numbed fingers. The nails had bitten into
the palms, leaving crescent scars. His
hands trembled in reaction to the released
tension. Suddenly he found himself weak,
very weak. Dr. Pontius appraised him,
glancing at his watch.

  “It is after midnight, Douglass,” he said,
showing no reaction to the strain and un-
certainly of his work. “Perhaps you had
better retire. Allie will show you to a
guest room.”

  “You sure you won’t need me again to-
night, Dr. Pontius?” the reporter inquired
dismally.

  The scientist nodded. “No, Douglass,”
he said simply. “I will not need you. Let
me thank you for your help.”

  They shook hands. “Then if you don’t
mind, I will retire,” replied Douglass, ris-
ing. He walked over and stood beside the
table for a moment to stare at the synthetic
man. Jack lay perfectly still now, as still
as his sheet-covered brother near him. His
unblinking eyes stared upward at the bril-
liant, illuminated tubes in the flood-lamp.

  Douglass felt a nauseating sensation surg-
ing through him as he peered into those
dread orbs. They reminded him of a pic-
ture of Satan he had once seen. The eyes
had been wide and menacing. He felt the
roots of his hair tangle. He turned away
with a desire to quit the place forever.
When he confronted Allanna he recalled
quickly that he had a hunch, a persistent
premonition that something was going to
happen. Seeing her again caused him to
forget instantly his desire to leave. Her
sunny smile again captivated him.

  She held his coat and hat in her hands.
“You will not need the gown any more, Mr.
Douglass,” she said. Her voice was soft
and cheery. He had forgotten about the
white linen gown he wore and quickly shed
it. She helped him with his coat and to-
gether they went out of the ghostly labora-
tory, leaving Dr. Pontius alone with his
skeletons and his subjects, life and death
and evil shadows hovering about him.

  “Is your uncle going to work all night,
Miss Allanna?” the reporter inquired as
they entered a door leading off from the
hallway and began mounting a pair of wind-

ing stairs that creaked under their weight.
The sounds made the reporter shiver, for
they sounded mysterious, spectral.

  “I do not believe so,” she said promptly.
“But he has much work to do. You see, he
plans to preserve the body of Joe Agar and
intends to place it in the preservatives to-
night.”

  “Going to pickle him?” the reporter
gasped.

  The clear ring of her corresponding laugh
made him turn to look at her. She flashed
him a serious glance. Could nothing ruffle
this girl’s cool indifference to the stark real-
ities of the place? lie wandered if anything
could suspend or break her callousness even
temporarily.

  “That’s it precisely,” she commented soft-
ly. “The delicatc texture of artificial flesh
makes preservation necessary at once. Now
that Joe Agar is dead, Uncle Cliff wants
the preserved body to go to Tyburn Col-
lege.”

THE house of Dr. Pontius, the reporter
soon discovered, was almost as weird
and spectral as his laboratory. Indirect il-
lumination made it a place of lurking shad-
ows that seemed to blend perfectly with the
mystery of the man himself. In the living
room to which Allanna guided him were
many preserved specimens of life, arranged
in glass containers on shelves and pedestals.
The entire room shrieked silence and dark
mystery. Allanna was the only bright ob-
ject in the place and Douglass was glad to
rest his tired eyes upon her sunny face and
supple form.

  She invited him to the divan and for the
first time since his arrival he regained some
of his composure.

  “Did I hear you say you were busy every
evening, Miss Allanna?” he inquired
strategically to pave a way for future meet-
ings. She appraised him cooly.

  “Oh, no,” she replied, suppressing a
yawn. “I have several nights open.”

  “That’s excellent!” he applauded happi-
ly. “Flow about the others?”

  “Well,” she said mischievously, “you
wouldn’t expect a girl to be without at
least one boy friend, would you?”
712

WONDER STORIES

   The reporter felt a vague feeling of jeal-
 ousy surge through him. His lips tightened
 strangely again, but in jealous embarrass'
 ment.

   “Not a beautiful girl like you,” he said,
 slightly confused. “But I was hoping that
 I might see you more than several nights a
 wekk.”

   Allanna shrugged and was about to re-
ply when Dr. Pontius came suddenly into
the room. He was smiling oddly.

  “You are indeed a fast-working young
man, Douglass,” he said. “1 wish you
luck!” He turned to his niece. “Hadn’t
you better retire for your beauty sleep,
Allie?”

   Allanna yawned and stood up. “I believe
I shall, Uncle Mark,” she responded. “If
Mr. Douglass will excuse me . . . .

   “Of course,” 3aid the reporter, his face
 stinging. “Good night!”

   Dr. Pontius cut him short. “Come along,
young man,” he ordered. “I’ll take you to
your room. The butler will call you for
breakfast.”

 [' Side by side they followed Allanna to the
 second floor. The house was as silent as a
 tomb. Allanna flashed them a warm smile
 as she turned into a room from the hall
 above. Douglass’ blood raced at it, for it
 had told him much.

   As he entered his room directly across the
 hall from the. one taken by Allanna, Doug-
 lass felt a strange feeling come over him.
 Just why, he did not understand, but he
 seemed to sense the presence of death.
 Something akin to a cold current shot
 through his veins as he picked up a pair of
 silken guest pajamas. He managed to con-
 trol himself as he spread them out and spec-
 ulated on the size. After undressing he
 climbed into bed and counted sheep until
 he fell into a troubled, restless slumber.

   During the following hour, his subcon-
scious mind ran the entire gamut of sen-
sations. Wild dreams and nightmares made
him toss and roll. His lips became fever-
ish. From them escaped weird sounds that
in themselves even went to further terror-
ize him. They appeared to him to come
from the curling lips of the synthetic men.
The body of Joe Agar seemed to hover over

 him like a dismal ghost. The wide, Satanic
 orbs of the living Jack stared at him, burn-
 ing like twin fires and searing his soul.

  Then something happened that brought
Douglass wide awake. What was it? Was
his imagination mnning wild or had his
ears detected the faint, stealthy footsteps of
a bare-footed prowler? Sitting rigid in bed,
he waited for the sounds to reach his ears
again. The room was pitch dark. In
front of his eyes danced gray, ominous
shapes, the fancies of his strained vision.
Suddenly he heard what he thought sounded
like a dull thump, as though a body had
collided with a wall or the floor. Then the
silence became ominous.

  Trembling from head to foot and chilled
to the marrow with a cold, clammy feeling,
he softly got out of bed and glided to the
door. A skylight over the hall bathed it
in a pale, phosphorescent glow from a high
moon. At a glance he saw that Dr. Pon-
tius’ door was open. His room was beside
Allanna’s and the scientist had closed his
door on entering. Douglass had seen that,
but why was it open now? Was Dr. Pontius
prowling around the house? He wondered
if the scientist had made the unnatural
sounds.

AS he watched the open door, Douglass
thought he saw a green ghastly face
appear in it for a moment. His blood ran
cold and his knees banged together. Not
a sound reached his ears, altho he listened
with his hands cupped behind them.

  “Clang! Clang! Clang!” The great an-
tique clock in the living room chimed sud-
denly. Douglass almost screamed. Then a
grotesque face appeared in the scientist’s
doorway. The reporter recoiled like a
snake. Almost at once he heard the pad of
bare feet in the hall and by sheer force of
will was he able to look out again.

  The hulking form of Jack Agar was re-
treating slowly down the hall! From his
wrists and ankles dangled the tom straps
that had held him to the table in the labor-
atory !

  “My God!” Douglass groaned through
dry, parched lips. As though hearing, Jack
Agar paused abruptly and turned his fiery
THE SYNTHETIC MEN

713

eyes back from whence he had come. They
seemed like the orbs of a tiger flaming in
the night. Then he turned suddenly and en-
tered another room, two doors beyond the
one occupied by the scientist. More silence
followed, beating down upon the reporter
like the blows of a triphammer.

  What had Jack Agar done in the scien-
tist’s room? It seemed to Douglass that his
hunch had materialized in the dead of a
horrible night. But had the synthetic man
actually_ killed his creator? The reporter
could wait no longer to find out. With a
bound he leaped into the hall and ran si-
lently to the opposite room. Without hesi-
tating he entered, fumbled for a light-
switch near the frame, and found it. The
switch snapped.

  As part of his duty as a reporter, Doug-
lass, had seen men hanged. But now as he
crouched against the wall, he was terrified
and appalled at what his eyes beheld. Dr.
Pontius lay in a corner beside his bed, his
head crushed like an eggshell!

  The reporter suddenly heard another dull
thump and a hiss of air from a dying man’s
lungs. Swiftly his mind searched for a pos-
sible meaning to this. Then it dawned up-
on him that the butler must have fall victim
to the terror that was slinking like a mad
gorilla through the house. He again heard
the indistinct pad of feet. His blood
throbbed at his throat and temples, sending
cold, clammy chills over him. Where
would the beast of the test tubes go next?
To his or Allanna’s room?

  Douglass crouched just inside the death-
room door. A great shadow, ghastly and
spectral, fell across the sill. He felt an urge
to scream and smothered it. The murder-
beast slunk past, his long arms dangling
strangely at his bides, his lips curled into
the same ominous leer, his nude body glis-
tening under the light that filtered into the
hall.

  The reporter was so utterly appalled that
his wits seemed dull. It was fully a minute
before he overcame his horror and stole a
glance into the hall. The synthetic man
crouched before the closed door of Allanna!
He looked toward the reporter as if by in-
stinct. Douglass dodged back out of sight

and waited, expecting to see the beast track-
ing him down. After a few seconds he look-
ed out again.

  Jack Agar had vanished. Douglass’ heart
almost stopped. Before he could control
himself, he had leaped out into the hall. In-
stantly there came a blood-curdling scream
from Allanna’s bedroom. With terror strik-
ing at his mind, the reporter ran for her
door. It was open wide and her room was
filled with beastly muttering and stifled
cries. Then he heard plaintive pleadings
coming from the darkness. Pleadings from
horrified feminine lips.

  Young Mr. Morton Douglass could stand
no more. Mumbling dire things he bounded
into the room, pausing to switch on the
lights and take stock of the situation.

  The synthetic man was bending over Al-
lanna as she lay in fear on her bed, her
arms outstretched to ward off his deadly,
murderous fingers. Douglass saw at a glance
that he had her by the throat now and in a
twinkling would beat her head to a pulp.
The beast paid not the slightest attention to
the sudden flood of illumination, but seem-
ed bent only on murder.

  Douglass had a glimpse of pleading eyes
peering at him through the beast’s arms.
For the first time in her life, Allanna was
in mortal fear. The expression on her fea-
tures caused the reporter to go stark mad.
With the roar of a beast he flung himself
forward, felt his nerveless fingers touch the
clammy flesh of Jack Agar, and gain a hold.

The Secret Destroyed

IT seemed to him then that nobody could
be closer to death, but in his insane fury it
mattered not whether he came out victor-
ious or had his head smashed in, so long as
he gave Allanna a chance to escape. Gain-
ing momentary control over his reeling, in-
furiated senses, he yelled loudly to the girl.

  “Run Allanna!” he shouted, using pre-
cious breath that he knew would be needed
to protect himself from Jack Agar. “Call
the police!”

  Allanna neded no urging. Like a wood
nymph she sprang from her bed and ran,
terrified, into the hall. Douglass heard her
714

WONDER STORIES

calling desperately but futilely to her uncle.
Her feet sounded on the hall floor and then
the reporter heard her scream again. He
did not doubt but that she had discovered
her uncle’s gruesome form, stilled in death.

  Jack Agar’s lips became discolored with
a green, ghastly foam giving him the ap-
pearance of a rabid animal, as he turned
slowly to face his antagonist. From his
throat came the startling snarl of a jungle
brute making a kill. But his actions were
sluggish because of his dull, undeveloped
wits. His great arms writhed through the
air like serpents and the reporter ducked
under them.

  Douglass stepped nimbly aside and de-
livered a clean, right-handed blow on his
adversary’s unwholesome chin. The syn-
thetic man’s eyes went strangely dull and
listless, losing much of their savage, mur-
derous lust. He faltered a trifle and am-
bled backward. The newspaper man fol-
lowed like a trained pugilist and led again
with a vicious left.

  The delicate flesh of Jack Agar’s chin
split in a horrible gash. A green liquid
sprayed over the reporter, smelling like the
damp, sour weeds of the sea. His eyes
blazing furiously he lashed out with a potent
savageness. Across his vision was a curtain
of red and he cast caution aside to deliver
another terrific right. Then Jack Agar’s
waving arm caught him in the grip of a
boa. He sobered in the instant and was
amazed at the supernatural strength of the
creature. Jack Agar seemed to have the
power of steel vises in each arm and they
closed around the small of his back with
menace.

  The newspaperman felt an agonizing pain
through his middle. His blood seemed to
turn to ice and his heart appeared to have
suddenly stopped. Something told him he
was going to explode. Then he looked into
those terrible, fiery orbs. He tried to
scream, but his voice was dead. Great balls
of fire danced before him and he knew he
was going into unconsciousness, for a fath-
omless black abyss yawned under them like
open space. He felt himself falling, falling
with a terrific wind racing past his ears.

  Then as it seemed he was at last going to

strike terra firma at the bottom of the pit,
he heard a terrific explosion. Through his
reeling head ran the thought that he had
actually exploded and his astral body was
floating over his mortal remains. Something
hit his ghost and knocked it strangely aside.
Then he thought that he was gloating over
something.

  And that something looked very much
like the still form of Jack Agar with a round
hole in the center of his brow from which
poured a smelly green liquid. Other forms
moved about like weaving ghosts; then he
felt a cold, icy something on his forehead.
Cradually objects began to assume definite
shape and finally out of a jumbled nothing
he recognized Allanna. From her deep-
blue eyes ran glistening tears.

  “Oh, Mr. Douglass!” he heard her sob
tearfully. “He did not kill you! Oh ...!”
He saw her shudder violently and then a
blue-uniformed man lifted her erect.

  “Take it easy, young lady,” advised the
officer. “It won’t do to go into hysterics.
He’s alright!”

  Eager hands lifted the reporter to his
feet. His head reeled and he lurched side-
ways. Hands caught him. Water was forc-
ed down his parched lips. Rapidly he
emerged from the cloud behind which hov-
ered death and oblivion.

  “W-what happened?” he managed to ask
as he stood, tottering. A bluecoat glanced
to a heap on the floor and nodded.

  “He had you in a bad way, young fellow!”
the officer said with a grin. “In another
second he’d have bashed your head like an
eggshell! Murphy’s slug got him right be-
tween the eyes.”

  Allanna shivered and hid her face against
the police captain who supported her. She
sobbed convulsively. Douglass had a sud-
den thought.

  “Did he kill the butler, too?” he blurted,
feeling the strength returning to his tremb-
ling legs. He searched the officers’ eyes.
The bluecoats nodded as one.

  “And the old man in the other room,”
said one of them smoothly. “Bashed
in	”

  “I know all about that,” the reporter cut
in quickly to save Allanna from hearing
THE SYNTHETIC MEN

715

further. “The beast will never kill another
man, I hope!”

  “Aye!” interjected the captain. “He’s
as dead as a door-nail!”

  “I had a hunch something like this would
happen,” said Douglass shaking his head
sadly. “Dr. Pontius violated all the un-
written laws of nature by creating synthetic
human life. Man should not try to duplicate
the work of the Master Creator. I am sorry
for Dr. Pontius, but glad that he will carry
his secrets to the grave.”

• Douglass instinctively glanced toward his
room across the hall where his coat con-
taining his papers reclined on a chair-
back. He wondered if the papers had been
touched. Without hesitation he went to
the room, removed the notes from his inner
pocket and strode to the open fireplace
near the foot of the bed. His hands trem-
bled and he muttered softly to himself.
“He told me he had no written formula,”

he mumbled, glancing at a paragraph in his
notes that revealed the secret of synthetic
life. “So here goes the works. The secret
will remain a secret as far as I’m con-
cerned ! ”

  A match scraped along the fireplace
stones. It was held to the sheaf of fools-
cap. A flame illuminated the drawn fea-
tures of the reporter. He held the burning
documents until the flame reached his shak-
ing fingers; then dropped the twisted mass
into the grate with a feeling that he was
doing mankind a great favor.

  Within a year the house of horror had
been transformed into one of sunniness.
The pickled bodies of Jack and Joe Agar
had been sent to Tyburn and with them had
gone everything scientific Dr. Pontius had
possessed. Allanna had fallen into the
wealth her uncle had left, but her husband,
the young Mr. Morton Douglass, continues
to be the right hand man of Amesbury of
the Globe.

THE END.

                                                                                                  
                                      FOR THE JANUARY ISSUE                                       
                                            We offer                                              
                                     “The Satellite of Doom”                                      
 by *                                                                                             
                                           D. D. SHARP                                            
 Mr. Sharp is well known as the author of the “Eternal Man” and the "Eternal Man Re¬              
 vives” and now he gives us this new and very unusual story. It has been proved by experts        
 on space travel that it is possible for a satellite to be built for the earth. Such a ship sent  
 up to 500 miles and Riven a speed of about five miles per second would continue to travel        
 around the earth indefinitely without further power. Such an idea has thousands of possibil¬     
 ities and Mr. Sharp uses a few of the best to construct a story of mystery, intrigue and         
 thrilling adventure.                                                                             
                         “The Gland Men of the Island” by Malcolm Afford                          
 The author who was recently a professor of medicine at the University of Adelaide, Austra¬       
 lia, is a scientist of the first rank, but you will agree he is as good a writer of fast moving  
 fiction as he is a scientist. We know that it is possible by treating our glands to produce      
 men or are tall or short, fat or thin, intelligent or moronic. If such a power came into the     
 hands of any man he could use it to upset our entire earth. A world wide catastrophe might       
 follow if he should use this knowledge to evil uses. You must not miss this story.               
                            “Death From the Seas” by Joseph Kennelly                              
 What takes place far below the surface of the ocean is still quite a mystery to us because       
 of the terrific pressure at even moderate depths. We have never been able to penetrate more      
 than a few hundred feet, but it is probably true that strange creatures exist in the submar¬     
 ine depths. What they would be like we have no means of telling, but if we were to pene¬         
 trate the ocean’s depths as our characters do in this story, we might find some of the most      
 amazing things that the imagination of man has conceived.                                        
                           “The Outpost on the Moon” by Joslyn Maxwell                            
 The second installment of this masterly interplanetary story will reveal the secret of many of   
 the puzzling events of the first installment. We will find the meaning of the mysterious Out¬    
 post established on the desolate Moon, unknown to the people of earth. Is it a menace from       
 the limits of the solar system that the Outpost is trying to contend with? Even the Outpost      
 does not know the answer; but flying with our characters between Moon and Earth we will          
 get vivid glimpses into some astonishing events.                                                 
                          AND OTHER STORIES IN THIS BIG NEW YEAR ISSUE                            
                                     ON SALE DECEMBER FIRST                                       

  The Struggle
  for Venus Dy S

lllxatrated by Marckioni

 It rapidly grew in intensity. It had the appearance of a half moon
 toward which I was rushing with frightful velocity.

 716
THE day on which my story opens—
June 6, 2012—was marked in advance
aa the date of a transit of Venus across the
disk of the sun. It will have a foremost
place in the minds of future generations
of school children as the date on which the
first expedition of colonists from Earth
landed on the neighboring planet.

  Although a broken leg prevented me
from being a member of that band of
brave men, my later
destiny was closely
linked with their
amazing adventures on
Venus, and it is their
story, in so far as I
was connected with it,
that I shall set down
here to the best of my
ability.

  A n introductory
word about myself a
necessary. The first
space trips — those
venturesome leaps to
the moon—were made
when I was a school
boy. They fired the
imagination of the
world, and I was
only one of the mil-
lions of boys who re-
solved to devote their
lives to the explora-
tion of space. Partly
because I was more
persistent than some,
and partly because I
was more fortunate, I
was able to follow the
line of my ambition.

What will always
stand out as the biggest day in my life was
that on which, my theoretical training com-
pleted, I hopped off on my first space trip,
in which 1 circled the moon. Prior to
that time Robert E. Jones and Matthew Ed-
dy had already made their epochal trip to
Venus, and I looked upon my first space
voyage as merely further training that
would equip me for similar exploits.

  When it was decided to send a large ex-

 pedition to remain at least two years on
 Venus and investigate the deposits of rad-
 ium-bearing pitchblende found by Jones
 and Eddy in their brief stay, I was accept-
 ed as a member of the party, and took part
 in the preparations. My high expectations
 were rudely dashed when, a month before
 the start, my run of good fortune was end-
 ed by the accident in which my leg was
 broken. That, of course, disposed of my

7'HE planet Venus occu-
pies a peculiar and en-
viable position in our solar
system. According to the
best evidence that we have
it is a young world, younger
than the earth, with a con-
sequently longer period of
life before it. By its dis-
tance from the sun, it is
well fitted to maintain a high
order of life, and for all we
know, that life may now ex-
ist beneath its ever-present
cloud layers. And if life
does not exist on it, Venus
lies in the skies a planetary
prize awaiting the conquer-
or. According to Professor
V. V. Stratonoff, an emin-
ent Russian astronomer, the
earth must some day lose
its ability to support human
life, and then we must be
prepared if we wish to main-
tain our race to emigrate to
a more habitable sphere.
Yet our conquest of Venus
is not likely to go uncon-
tested, for it is probable as
our author shows that a bit-
ter battle is certain over
this fair young world.

r

hope of accompanying
the expedition. Dr.
Franklin Sanders,
chairman of the Com-
mission for Venus, of-
fered me the post of
wireless o p e r a to r ,
which 1 gladly accept-
ed. My duties were
to aid in the installa-
tion of the station
which would be used
to communicate with
the men on Venus,
and, after communi-
cations were establish-
ed, to keep one of the
three eight-hour
“watches” at the re-
ceiving set. At the
same time 1 was to aid
in preparations for a
second * expedition to
be sent out two years
later when Venus
would again be in in-
ferior conjunction
with Earth.

  On June 6, 2012,
then, 1 left an assist-
ant in the wireless

                    room and went to the
roof of the building in Washington, I). C.,
furnished the Commission by the North
American Continental Government. It is
unnecessary for me to describe the transit
of Venus across the sun’s disk, for all of
my readers must have witnessed the pheno-
men either in 2012 or 2004. 1 do wish,
however, to record a conversation with Dr.
Sanders, because it will show our expectant
attitude On that day when the expedition,

717
.718

WONDER STORIES

out 26 days, was scheduled to arrive on
Venus. I was watching the sun, with the
planet outlined against it, through a pair of
binoculars when Dr. Sanders approached
me.

  “If all has gone well,” he said, “we
should be in communication with them in a
few days, now.”

  “I’m sure all has gone as planned, sir,”
I replied. “Nothing could go wrong with
Commander Jones in charge.”

  “He is a wonderful leader,” Dr. Sanders
agreed. “I share your confidence in him.
Nevertheless interplanetary travel is still
fraught with many perils, as you know bet-
ter than I. It is a long and dangerous voy-
age, but I trust it has
been accomplished suc-
cessfully.”

  “Their adventures will
only have begun when
they land,” I said. “They
will still have to cope
with all the dangers of a
world such as ours must
have been a million
years ago.”

  “And you would give
your right eye to be with
them,” Dr. Sanders
smiled. “Don’t worry,

Starrett, you’ll join
them at the first oppor-
tunity.”

 SMILED, rather
wryly, I am afraid,
for I knew that the “next opportunity”
would not come for almost twro years.
From that day Venus and Earth would
steadily separate until, some ten months
later, they would be on opposite sides of the
sun and separated by more than 160,000,-

000	miles, instead of a mere 25,000,000
miles as at present. No trip between the
two planets could be considered until Ven-
us again approached inferior conjunction.
Dr. Sanders read my thoughts.

  “Venus won’t be civilized in two years,
my boy,” he said, “nor in two decades.
I’m sure you will have your part in the work
of civilizing it, and your share of adventure.
It is no secret, of course, that the present

plan is to estalish a permanent colony on
the planet. There must be untold resources
to be developed. I can visualize the day
when Venus will have a thriving population
of men and women.”

  An almost religious light shone in his
eyes as he continued.

  “Beautiful cities will be planned and
erected free from the blemishes that on
Earth we have inherited from past ages of
trial and error. Commerce will ply the
seas of Venus and there will be a steady
exchange of goods between the planets.
Venus may come to be regarded as the ‘pro-
mised land’ for the inhabitants of Earth.
In some future age when the earth receives
less heat from the dying
sun, mankind may desert
its old home and move
to the new world nearer
the source of life.”

  He clapped me on the
shoulder.

  “These are glorious
prospects that we have
before us in the dawn of
the 21st Century. Ad-
venture such as no man
ever dreamed of a few
centuries ago! My boy,
the great adventure is
just beginning. I pre-
dict that you will have a
big part in furthering it.
So don’t let your spirits
be cast down now.”

  I do not remember what reply I made,
except that I stammered my thanks for his
kind words. His enthusiasm and vision
were contagious, although there was nothing
new to me in what he said. Later on, how-
ever, when I was back in the room which
housed the interplanetary wireless set, my
disappointment rose afresh. After all I
had wished to be a pioneer, and it would
not be the same going out with a second
party two years later to find the ground
broken, homes erected and a little commun-
ity ready to receive us. Nothing could be
done about it, however. I had missed my
big chance through such a trivial thing as a
fall and a broken leg.

WESLEY ARNOLD
THE STRUGGLE FOR VENUS

719

  The bone had practically healed by this
time, but it was too late. The expedition
had departed twenty-six days earlier, and,
as we learned later, landed on Venus on
that very day and near the time when the
planet was seen from Earth in transit across
the sun’s face. I little guessed that day
how fortunate it was for all concerned that
I was not with them.

CHAPTER II.

Mystery on Venus.

IT was three days later before any word
was received from Venus, the delay be-
ing explained by the necessity for the tech-
nicians of the expedition to assemble the
wireless and getting it in working order.
1 still have copies of the messages received
in the Washington headquarters, so that I
am able to give their exact texts. They tell
a dramatic story of mystery and suspense
in a strange and unfriendly world.

  Contact was established on June 9. I was
on duty at the time and was reporting per-
iodically to Dr. Sanders that no results had
been obtained. The wavelength to be used
was so low that there was no interference
from Earth stations. I was tuning the set
near the agreed point when I caught a faint
signal. I perfected the adjustment and
then wailed. If it were indeed Venus call-
ing, the signal would be repeated in exactly
five minutes. Precisely at the end of that
period, which I spent watching the second
hand creep around the dial of my watch,
I caught the signal again, much louder. It
was the Venus station repeating the station
call for Earth.

  I tapped out the answer to show that
communication had been established, and
then sent for Dr. Sanders. It would be
more than two minutes before the radio sig-
nal, traveling with the speed of light, would
reach Venus, and an equal time before the
reply could be heard.

  Dr. Sanders entered the room, followed
by others who had heard the good news.
There were excited whispers, which I stilled
with a motion of ray hand. Although the
message was taken down automatically by
the receiving instruments, I was unwilling
to risk the possibility of mechanical troub-

le and accordingly wrote the message down.

  “Earth, attention! Earth, attention!
Arrived three days ago. All O. K. We
landed near mouth of Holmes River and
have begun construction of permanent home
on favorable site. Living in the ships
pending completion of thatched roof huts.
Party of hunters on first day surprised herd
of sexons* and killed enough to supply us
with meat for a week. Have caught sever-
al forms of river life in nets and Dr. Alex-
ander is analyzing them. Potato trees are
plentiful and the root, with sexon meat and
bread, completes our diet until Dr. Alex-
ander tells us what else we can eat.

  “Have divided party in two groups and
alternate daily, one group exploring
neighborhood and collecting specimens of
vegetable and animal life while others cut
and haul lumber. The wood of the potato
tree is strong and light, and the rough
sawed lumber has the quality of glowing
faintly for several hours after sunset. Liz-
ards of many types and all sizes are abun-
dant, but apparently harmless. We hope
tc begin work on radium field in few weeks
when camp is completed. Men all gather-
ed to wait your reply. Send greetings to
friends on Earth. Robert E. Jones.”

  Dr. Sanders quickly scribbled <the answer,
which I began sending within a few minutes
after the completion of this message. In
the meantime the news had been flashed to
all parts of the world. Congratulatory
messages from notables began arriving and
were transmitted to the distant party. It
was more than two hours later when we
said good-bye for the day.

  It is remarkable that from the first there
was no difficulty in communicating with the
party on Venus. It had been realized, of
course, that communication could not be
maintained during that part of the synodic
revolutions of the two planets when they
were at nearly opposite sides of the sun,
and the most hoped for was that we could
keep in touch with the distant party during
the five or six months preceding and fol-
lowing inferior conjunction. Our exper-

*An ostrich-like bird having six rudimentary
legs, whence the name.
720

WONDER STORIES

ience proved beyond doubt that this was
possible, although, because of circum-
stances which I shall soon relate, we ac-
tually maintained touch with Commander
Jones and his party for only thirty days.
The breaking of communications at the end
of that time had nothing to do with radio
conditions. If there had been anyone to
operate the station on Venus the signals
would have been received at the Washington
station.

AT the first, however, Commander Jones
could send a message from Venus in
confidence that it would be received about
two minutes later on Earth. A program
was worked out by which we made contact
with the party at noon (Washington time)
every day. That was merely for conven-
ience and regularity, as there was always
some one on duty in the receiving room in
the commission building to receive an emer-
gency message if there were any occasion
for one.

 During the first week Commander
Jones daily message told a story of regular
progress in establishing a home under the
tropical and primitive conditions of the new
world. The messages might almost have
come from a party in some still uncivilized
section near the equator except for refer-
ences to strange plants and animals simi-
lar to those which may have existed on
Earth before the dawn of human life.

  The first hint of what was to come was
contained in a message received on June 17.
It read:

  “Something has happened that we are
unable to understand. Dick Smith and
James Fall disappeared yesterday afternoon
when they were cutting down trees a short
distance from the camp, and no trace of
them has been found as yet. We have
dropped everything else to look for them.
No one can explain what may have happen-
ed to them. We have seen vensaurians
large enough to carry a man, or even two,
without much difficulty, but none was seen
near the time the men disappeared, and no
tracks were found in the neighborhood
where they were working. The large
species that we have seen appear to be her-

bivorous and have shown no signs of attack-
ing us. What adds to the mystery is the
fact that both men were armed, and would
certainly have used their pistols if attacked.
No shots were heard by others working
nearby. We hope that they have merely
strayed away and become lost, but we do
not know what to fear. I have ordered a
guard on the camp at all hours. We will
continue our efforts to find Smith and Fall.”

  This message was a private one to Dr.
Sanders, and he did not make it public,
since to have done so would have served no
useful purpose, but would have aroused fu-
tile fears among relatives and friends not
only of the two men but of all those in the
party.

  Subsequent messages from Commander
Jones informed those of us connected with
the commission that no trace of the missing
men had been found. The others, after a
futile search, returned to the other work
which it was necessary for them to do.
The camp was completed and operations
were begun on the radium mine.

  On July 5th we received the following
message from Commander Jones:

  “I am forced to the conclusion that there
is some intelligent and malevolent force at
work against us. What its nature may be
it is impossible to say, but on no other hy-
pothesis can I explain the invasion of our
camp last night.

  “There was no outcry during the night,
but when we awoke this morning we found
that three men who had been on guard and
three other men who slept in a hut near
the edge of camp had disappeared. We
found no sign of bloodshed nor of a strug-
gle of any sort, which makes the occurrence
absolutely incomprehensible.

  “During the morning I decided to go up
a short distance in one of the space ships
to survey the land, and possibly to lead the
missing men back to camp if they were free.
It was then we made the discovery that the
ships had been entered and our tanks of
fuel mixture carried away. This, appar-
ently, had been done at the same time the
men were spirited away, for I am unable to
believe they took the fuel and left the camp
of their own accord.
THE STRUGGLE FOR VENUS

721

  “At any rate we are now stranded here,
and apparently at the mercy of unseen foes.
The morale of the forty-eight men remain-
ing in the camp is unimpaired by this latest
development. We are all determined to
solve the mystery and find out what hap-
pened to our comrades.

  “The loss of our fuel mixture is a ser-
ious blow, since it means that we are forced
to remain where we are and will be unable
to do any extensive exploring unless we re-
cover the tanks. The camp will be put on
a war basis until we determine the nature
of the danger which threatens us.”

  This message was the last that ivas re-
ceived from the expedition.

  Later that afternoon I tried to make con-
nection with the station 011 Venus to trans-
mit a message from Dr. Sanders. I was
unable to obtain a reply. Nor was there
any word from the expedition the follow-
ing day at the usual time.

CHAPTER III.
A Desperate Plan.

SEVERAL days later Dr. Sanders sent
for me to come to his office. I could
tell from his nervous manner as he bade me
sit down that he had something of import-
ance to say. He began abruptly:

  “We have held several meetings of the
Commission,” he said, “to discuss the sit-
uation regarding the expedition now on
Venus. While we can only guess at what
may have happened to the party, the sudden
breaking of communications following the
mysterious disappearance of eight of the
men and the raid on the camp, indicates
that some disaster has overtaken them.

  “What makes the matter more serious is
the loss of their fuel mixture, without
which they are unable to operate the space
ships. That means that they cannot move
from the spot where they landed, on the
northern coast of Elysia, and if they are be-
set by foes in overwhelming force they are
unable to escape to some other part of the
planet. Of course the fact that the fuel
mixture was singled out for theft indicates
that their foes are intelligent beings of some
sort. This is in absolute contradiction to
the apparently well-established fact that

  nothing corresponding to human life exists
on Venus, but we are forced to accept the
fact as it stands.

  “We have decidcd, in short, that aid must
be sent to the party and especially that we
must get a supply of fuel mixture to them.

  “I don’t think it is possible,” I protested,
when he paused. “Venus is rapidly sep-
arating from the Earth at present. A space
ship which started out now would have to
follow the planet through its orbit and
could only gain on it slowly, possibly one
or two hundred thousand miles a day.* At
that rate, even if the ship could carry
enough liquid air and fuel mixture for the
long journey, it would not overtake the
planet for almost a year.”

  “By all the accepted standards and theor-
ies that is correct,” Dr. Sanders replied.
“Such an attempt would of course be fore-
doomed to failure. Necessity, however, is
the mother of invention, and a plan has
been worked out for the Commission under
which we believe a space ship setting out
now can reach Venus within two months.
If you will consider making the trip, I will
explain the idea to you. It is unnecessary
for me to say that it will be hazardous in
the extreme, or to point out that the lives
of the 56 men who landed on Venus a month
ago may be at stake. What do you say?”

  “I am willing,” I replied.

  Dr. Sanders drew out a sheet of paper on
which was drawn a system of circles and
dotted lines, and which I immediately re-
cognized as indicating the orbits of Earth
and Venus around the sun. The sketch is
reproduced here (Page 723) so that the
reader can follow Dr. Sanders’ explanation.

  “The plan, as I have told you, is an ex-
tremely daring one,” Dr. Sanders contin-
ued. “It, is nothing less than to launch a
ship into space at the proper direction and
at such a speed that it will circle the sun
and return in time to meet the planet Ven-
us, in its orbit.

  “The plan is shown on this diagram.
The letters ‘E’ and ‘V’ show the respective
positions of Earth and Venus in their or-

•The speed of Venus in it« orbit is about 22
miles per second; that of the earth 18.5 miles
per second. If -an attempt were made to
reach Venus directly, it would be like chasing
after a fast-receding train.
722

WONDER STORIES

bits at the time of the recent transit. The
small circles on the orbits ‘E’ and ‘V’ show
the positions in which the two planets will
be on July 21, when all should be in read-
iness for the start of the trip.”

  Looking at the diagram 1 began to get a
faint understanding of the plan, which was
indeed a daring one.

  “Our calculations show that in one of the
small and speedy ships you would have to
travel under power for about 36,000,000
miles along the course indicated,” Dr. San-
ders said. “Since the course lies approxi-
mately in the direction of the sun your
speed would increase rapidly after you
passed the point where the sun’s attraction
equalled the earth’s. After 36,000,000
miles your speed would be such that you
could shut off your power and leave the
ship to sweep around the sun just as the
comet does, and in the path indicated. At
the end of 45 days the ship would have
whipped comet-like around the sun and re-
turned to the orbit of Venus, and the planet
would have moved forward to the same
point V2. Thus your trip would require
less than twice the time taken by Command-
er Jones and his party, although you would
cover almost 200,000,000 miles in reaching
the planet.”

iirpHE course lies very close to the sun,”
1 I said, after studying the diagram for
a moment.

  “Yes, you would pass within 20,000,000
miles of the sun,” Dr. Sanders replied, “and
you would feel some discomfort from the
heat. Special arrangements will have to be
made to protect the ship. The reason the
course is laid so close to the sun is that you
will gain speed that way, in addition to
shortening your course. Your ship, when
you turn off the power, will be a free body,
exactly similar to a comet, and you know, of
course, that the closer such bodies pass to
the sun the greater is their speed.”

  I took up the diagram and studied it while

I	turned the proposal over in my mind.
While I had no desire to sacrifice myself
to no purpose, I was perfectly willing to
undertake a long chance in the hope of aid-
ing the men who were trapped on the dis-
tant planet and at the mercy of unknown

enemies. On its1 face the plan seemed
hopeless, but was it? 1 knew that astrono-
mers were able to calculate with the utmost
precision the course of comets which ap-
peared suddenly in the solar system, swept
around the sun and disappeared in far dis-
tances. Why, then, should they not be able
to prescribe the conditions under which a
body would follow a desired orbit around
the sun? I knew, too, that the world’s best
astronomers and mathematicians were at the
call of the Commission for Venus. If they
authorized the attempt—

  “I’ll do it,” I said. “You say the start
can’t be made until the 21st?”

  “It will take that long to make the neces-
sary alterations in the ship to be used,”
Dr. Sanders replied.

  As he stood up and took my hand with a
quick nervous motion I realized that Dr.
Sanders thought my death warrant had just
been signed.

  “There is to be another meeting of the
Commission this afternoon,” he told me.
“You will be present, of course, and the
plans for the trip will be discussed.”

       .CHAPTER IV.
       The Trip Begins.

AHEAD of me millions of stars glittered
with magnificent brilliance against the
black background of limitless space. Ex-
actly 30 degrees to the right hung the sun,
a big ball of fire outlined sharply against
blackness. Through the double glass port
in the stern of the space ship I could see the
Earth, brightly lighted by the sun, filling
most of the sky behind me.

  It was July 21, and my big adventure
was already an hour old. After two weeks
of steady work the small space ship had
been remodeled to fit the special require-
ments of the voyage around the sun. In ad-
dition to the heating arrangement it had
been equipped with a refrigerating system
which would carry the intense heat from
the sun-side to the off-side of the ship when

I	neared the sun. Special expansion plates
had been inserted in the outer steel envelope
of the ship to permit both extreme contrac-
tion from the cold of interstellar space and
extreme expansion from the sun’s heat when
THE STRUGGLE FOR VENUS

723

it became intense. The work had been
completed on schedule, and I had stepped
into the ship at the appointed hour after a
final handclasp with Dr. Sanders.

  My schedule permitted of no delay. Im-
mediately after leaving the earth’s atmos-
phere I had turned on the rocket power
full force, so that I was now many thous-
and miles out on my long journey.

  For my own use I carried twenty tanks
of liquid air and five tanks of fuel mix-
ture, enough to keep the ship going at full
speed for forty
days and to cov-
er approximate-
1 y 70,000,000
miles as well as
supply air inside
the sealed ship
for sixty days.

Packed away in
the ship were ten
extra tanks of
fuel mixture for
use in the big
ships stranded
on Venus for
lack of it. I had
already turned
on the heating
system and it
was warm and
comfortable i n
the inner shell of
the vacuum
ship.

  With the ship
set on its course
and running
smoothly I was
able to leave the controls for the time being
and watch the earth, from which 1 was re-
ceding at more than 20 miles a second.
The earth, itself i oiling along its orbit at
the rate of more than 18 miles a second,
had already moved a considerable distance
to one side of a straight line behind the
ship. In the days that followed it would
steadily dwindle in apparent size until it
became lost in the myriad of bright specks
that surrounded me on all sides and that
represented worlds and suns at incompre-

hensible distances.

  Almost squarely abeam on the right
side, and at right angles to my course, was
an exceptionally bright luminary which I
knew to be the planet Venus. If I could
only turn and fly directly to it my journey
would be a comparatively simple one, but
I knew that I should require years to catch
the planet if I set out to pursue it through
its orbit. Long before that time my sup-
ply of liquid air would be exhausted. In-
stead of following what appeared to be the

natural course I
must trust my-
self to mathema-
t i c a 1 science,
which declared
that the sun, if
permitted to ex-
ercise its influ-
snce, would whirl
my ship around
it in such a way
a9 to intercept
the planet at an
advanced point
in its orbit.

  As far as the
theory went, I
was satisfied
that 'I would
reach Venus in
safety. I had
only to follow
the course laid
out for me and
there was little
danger of my
ship missing
Venus complete-
ly and hurtling far out into space to drift
there long after I had suffocated for lack of
air. The chief dangers that confronted me
were three in number, and I was well aware
of them.

  The first was that I might miss my way
in the maze of the heavens. Of this I was
not much afraid, since 1 wa9 able to check
my course both by the constellations and by
the sun. Even if 1 became hopelessly lost
1 might be able to reach Mercury and re-
plenish my supply of liquid air.

Showing the novel means used by our explorer to
travel from Earth (E) to Venus (V). At the favor-
able time for passage the Earth should be at E and
Venus at V (in a direct line with the sun). But the
journey was not begun until July 21 when the planets
were in the positions El and VI. It would not have
been passible to catch Venus by chasing alter her
directly, so our explorer set his course as indicated
by the heavy line and allowed the sun’s attraction
to pull him around it at a great speed and thence
land him at Venus on September 5.
724

WONDER STORIES

  The second and probably the greatest
peril would be faced when.my ship swept
freely in its orbit close to the sun. If the
cooling system failed to work properly the
plates of the outer shell might be melted.
This would not only disable the ship but
would permit the rays of the sun to beat
on the inner shell and raise the temperature
to a point where human life could not ex-
ist. Here, too, however, if my equipment
worked properly all would be well.

  The third danger was that which every
space flier encounters—the possibility of
his ship being disabled by collision with a
large meteoric particle. With watchfulness
and care this could be avoided, despite the
fact that I would have to spend some eight
hourse of every day asleep. There was, of
course, an almost steady succession of taps
audible iriside the ship as small particles
ricocheted off the stream lines of the outer
shell, but these offered practically no peril.

THINKING over these matters as the
long journey began I felt, with the con-
fidence of youth, that the success of my
venture now depended solely upon me, and
that I should prove equal to the task.

  The warning bell rang, and I moved for-
ward to the controls. An indicator, oper-
ated by a magnetic needle which reposed in
a hemispherical shell of lead on the nose of
the ship, showed that the meteor was ap-
proaching from above and to the left, and
I quickly picked it out in that direction.
It had the appearance of a star which rap-
idly grew in intensity. After a minute the
side of it turned to the sun had assumed the
appearance of a half moon toward which I
was rushing with frightful velocity. The
bell continued to ring at intervals of a sec-
ond, growing steadily louder. I realized
that the meteor was an unusually large one
and stood waiting with my hand on the con-
trol, although it seemed certain, judging
from the direction of the particle, that I
would clear it by a comfortable margin.
Alertness of vision and quickness of re-
sponse in such meetings may spell the dif-
ference between safety and sudden exter-
mination. In this case, however, the met-
eor was in a plane considerably above that
in which I was traveling. Three minutes

after the first warning I saw it flash under-
neath as a long streak of light. I could
follow its course behind the ship for some
five minutes before it became too dim to
distinguish.

  That danger past, I busied myself about
the ship, seeing that all was functioning
properly, and accustoming myself to its mo-
tion. The manifestations of gravity, as or-
dinarily felt on the earth, were rapidly dis-
appearing as my distance from the earth
became greater. There was no downward
pull, and I was able to remain standing on
the floor only because of magnetized shoe
soles. Instead of a downward pull there
was a steady force exerted in the ship tow-
ard the stern exactly resembling gravity and
due to the fact that the ship’s speed was
then increasing at a steady rate under the
propelling power of the rocket motor. Ev-
erything in the ship’s interior was fixed in
place, otherwise all would have collected
in a pile in the stern. I was able to keep
my place by resting my hand on a rail
which ran around the interior. A strap at-
tached to a belt around my waist could be
hooked onto the rail whenever I wished.

  There was. of course, no night or day on
the space ship, since the sun would hang
for many earth days in the same apparent
position. It was necessary for me to sleep,
however, and I soon found myself tired aft-
er the exertion and excitement of the start.
I accordingly decided to take a nap, de-
pending on the warning bell to notify me
of the approach of any large meteoric body.
I ate a capsule of food concentrate, drank
a glass of water, and then lay down for my
first sleep on the trip.

CHAPTER V.
Past the Sun to Venus.

ON the fifteenth day of my journey—for
I had of course kept a careful record
of the passage of time by earth standards—
I turned off the rocket motor, leaving my
ship free from then on to describe the
course imposed by the sun. It will be un-
derstood, naturally, that I had power Avail-
able at any moment for an emergency such
as the necessity of avoiding a meteor.

  The earth had long since ceased to pre-
THE STRUGGLE FOR VENUS

725

sent more than the smallest disk to the
naked eye, and was distinguishable chief-
ly as the brightest of the millions of stars
and planets which I could see. It was lo-
cated, to use a convenient nautical descrip-
tion off the starboard quarter of my ship,
while the sun appeared off the starboard
bow. At that time Venus was to be seen
slightly abaft of the starboard beam, for
I was now inside its orbit and actually trav-
eling away from the planet, as I would be
for many days thereafter until my ship
swung around the sun and headed down
the home stretch of the long trip. Venus
then appeared slightly less bright than
Earth. '

  Observations taken four days earlier,
when I crossed the orbit of Venus, had
showed that the ship was shooting through
space at the scheduled rate. On the fif-
teenth day approximately one-sixth of the
trip measured in distance, and one-third
measured in time, had been completed.
Since getting clear of Earth I had grad-
ually altered my course nearer the sun. At
the time I turned off the power the ship
was rushing headlong “down hill” toward
a point in the heavens about 25 degrees
from the sun.

  It was with a curious feeling that I threw
the switch which stopped the action of the
rockets. I was 36,000,000 miles from Earth,
and considerably further from Venus. With
the power off I had no more sense of mo-
tion than persons on earth realize their
motion through space on the Earth’s jour-
ney around the sun. Nevertheless I knew
that my ship would continue to rush on
its predetermined orbit, gathering speed
steadily until it whirled like a comet around
the far side of the sun and headed back to
Venus. My average speed during the re-
mainder of the trip would be double what
it had been while the rockets were in oper-
ation.

  With the motor turned off I could no
longer detect anything resembling gravi-
tation inside the ship. I can explain this
condition best by asking my reader to im-
agine a closed room or box which is fall-
ing from a great height in a vacuum, and
to imagine that he is sitting at a table in

the room. The room will be falling per-
fectly freely under the influence of gravity,
and its occupants, human and otherwise,
will be moving under exactly the same
force. Then if the man holds a book at
arm’s length and releases it, its position
within the room will not change, since both
the book and the room are falling at the
same rate. In other words the book will
remain suspended freely in the air of the
room. The table and chair likewise may
be raised and will float in the air. The
man may then sit in the chair or on the
table, or float about at pleasure through
the room by pushing himself away from
the ceiling, floor or walls He can walk
with equal ease on any of the six walls of
the room. This illustration is exactly ana-
logous to the condition of my ship as it
fell through interminable space on its
strange journey.

  The succeeding days passed monotonous-
ly, except for occasional brief periods when
the alarm announced that a meteoric par-
ticle of considerable size was in the vicin-
ity. But despite the monotony I felt a grow-
ing tension in my mind. I stood frequently
at the controls watching the sun, whose size
now appeared double that as seen from the
Earth. The dial on my instrument board
began to show that the outer starboard
plates were becoming heated, and on the
23rd day out I switched on the refrigerat-
ing system which aided in carrying the heat
from that side to the port side, from which
it would radiate into space.

THE sun grew larger perceptibly dur-
ing the next 48 hours, until I was final-
ly able to distinguish individual tongues of
flame licking out hundreds of thousands of
miles from its surface. It finally appeared
squarely at right angles to the direction of
the ship, and I knew I had reached the
most critical part of my journey, when the
ship would swing around the arc of its
course nearest the sun. That my cooling
system was working perfectly was demon-
strated by the fact that the outer plates on
the sun side, while very warm, were well
below any dangerous temperature.

  For die next five days, from the 25th
(726

WONDER STORIES

through the 30th of the trip my ship, my
ship would remain at about the same dis-
tance from the sun, speeding through the
long curve around it at more than 90 miles
a second, or a million miles every three
hours. In the five days it would cover 40,-

000,000 miles.

  Although this was the most critical part
of the journey, and I wished to remain on
guard as much of the time as possible, it
was not to be expected that I could stay
awake constantly for five days and keep
my faculties in a proper condition to meet
the emergencies that might arise. It was
better to take a minimum of rest, depend-
ing on automatic signals to awaken me if
any occasion arose. Accordingly after 20
hours of the critical period had passed with-
out incident and when all appeared to be
going well, I lay down for a nap. I was
dangerously exhausted, and slept soundly
for six hours.

  When I awoke the first thing I noticed,
upon looking out of the ship’s ports was
that the sun was no longer squarely abeam
and at right angles to my course. Instead
it had dropped back fully fifteen degrees.
I was seriously alarmed by this observation,
the significance of which will be obvious to
the reader. It meant nothing less than that
my ship, instead of following its plotted
course, was heading away from the sun.

  As quickly as possible I took obser-
vations of the apparent position of the fixed
stars. This verified the fact that the ship’s
direction had swung away from the sun,
and revealed, moreover, that the angle was
slowly increasing. Calculations made from
the figures I obtained showed that if the
tendency continued for 36 hours the ship
would be headed directly outward from the
sun.

  The situation appeared fraught with the
greatest peril, since my ship was traveling
so fast under the influence of the sun’s at-
traction that it was practically out of con-
trol by means of the rocket motor. More-
over its action appeared totally contrary to
all known laws about the movements of as-
tronomical bodies. The only explanation
I could think of was that the ship actually
jvas traveling much faster than I had cal-

culated—so much faster that the sun was
unable to hold it, with the result that it
was flying off from the sun in entirely the
wrong direction. In that case I knew that
the rocket motor would be able to exert
only a fraction of the power necessary to
right it.

  The only reassuring observation that I
made was one which showed that my dis-
tance from the sun had grown slightly less,
rather than greater. The apparent size of
the sun was larger than it had been when
I went to sleep and the tongues of flame
licking cut from its surface were more dis-
tinct. This was in accordance with my
mapped course which should have brought
me at that time lo about the nearest point
of the course to the sun.

  A moment’s calm reflection gave me the
answer to the strange problem, and showed
that my only real danger had been that
of becoming panicky and doing something
which I would have been unable to undo
later. The ship, in fact, was following ex-
actly the course laid down for it, despite
the fact that its nose was now pointing
further and further away from the sun.
What had happened was that when the
ship began its curve around the sun there
was no force to change the direction in
which the ship pointed. In the Earth’s at-
mosphere, of course, the air pressure on
the stream lines would have held the nose
of the ship straight. The vacuum of space
offers no such resistance, and with the rock-
ets turned off there was nothing to prevent
the ship from traveling sidewise or even
tail first. In fact, I saw that if left alone
the ship actually would be going tail first
when it reached the end of the arc around
the sun and swept on toward Venus. Nor
would that have mattered except for one
thing—the cooling system was arranged to
apply only to the right side of the ship
and it would be fatal to expose the plates
on the unprotected left side to the intense
rays of the sun.

  I accordingly turned on the rocket pow-
er slightly, and by inclining the exhaust to
the starboard side, pushed the tail to the
left. When the ship had assumed its cor-
rect position relative to the sun, I straight-
THE STRUGGLE FOR VENUS

727

ened the exhaust to stabilize it on the course
and then again cut off the power.

BEFORE I again lay down for a nap
I had the satisfaction of seeing an ex-
ceedingly bright planet appear from be-
hind the sun. It was Venus, which the day
before had been lost to view as I swept
around the far side of the sun from it. At
last I was on the home stretch, and headed
for my goal.

  What, I wondered, had been the fortune
of the party of colonists in the meantime?
Had they again established wireless com-
munication with Earth after a silence forced
by some circumstances of which I could
know nothing? Had the lost men returned,
the tanks of fuel mixture been recovered,
and would I find the camp firmly estab-
lished and all going well?

  Or had the mysterious raids on the camp
been continued? Would I perchance find
that the entire party had been wiped out
and that I was the only man alive on the
planet? In the latter case the chances would
be heavily against my survival, although I
would be forewarned of danger and on guard
from the first.

  These restless speculations engrossed my
mind more and more during the days that
followed, as the planet Venus steadily grew
larger to the eye. I could tell that my ship,
sweeping through apace at a tremendous
rate, lessening however as it receded from
the sun, would almost exactly strike the
planet. That was well because, although I
could easily fly under power to the planet
from my position inside its orbit and slight-
ly ahead of it, I wished to save as much
fuel mixture as possible. It might prove
necessary to attempt to return to Earth in
one of the larger ships at the next inferior
conjunction and in that event the extra sup-
ply of fuel mixture which I carried would
be none too much.

  In the final stage of my journey the ship
was traveling about at right angles to the
motion of Venus, and the two bodies were
converging with a tremendous mutual vel-
ocity. From an apparent size equal to that
of the moon seen from Earth, the disk of
Venus perceptibly enlarged. It became ob-

vious at length that, il left to follow the
orbit into which it had settled, my ship
would crash into the planet—so exact had
been the calculations of the astronomers of
the Commission.

  When still about one million miles off
I turned on the power and altered my
course toward a point somewhat in front
of the planet. I then began reducing the
speed of the ship, using the rocket power
as a brake. Twelve hours later my journey
was practically finished as I hovered over
the northern hemisphere about a hundred
miles from the surface of the planet, but
well within its atmospheric shell.

         CHAPTER VI.
         The Raiders.

FROM a great height the continent of
Elysia looked like a green carpet spot-
ted with patches of white and brown. Be-
low me I recognized the contours of a large
peninsula which my map showed to be
about 200 miles east of the mouth of the
Holmes River. Before setting out for that
point I dropped lower to view the surface
of the planet at close range.

  The green carpet was a forest of trees
which I estimated to be all of 200 feet high,
and it stretched inland as far as the eye
could reach. Their tops were waving in a
breeze hardly perceptible otherwise, and
above them there was no sign of bird life
or life of any sort. When I swooped down
close to the water, however, I saw a group
of large reptilian animals slither into a
marshy backwater from the bank, where
they had been sunning themselves. I mount-
ed to an elevation of about 1,000 feet and
headed westward toward the destination of
my long journey. After 45 days spent alone
in the small space ship I had the strong-
est desire to set my feet on solid ground
again and to find someone of my own kind
to talk to.

   After half an hour, about the time I had
allowed myself to cover the 200 miles,
.1 saw that I was approaching a wide in-
dentation in the coast line, which I judged
to be the mouth of the Holmes River. Two
miles upstream I should find Commander
Jones’ camp.
728

WONDER STORIES

  As I came nearer, however, I saw with
surprise what appeared to be evidence of
man’s work on a bluff on the far side of
the wide bay. The top of the bluff had
been cleared and levelled off, and on it
had been erected a dome-like mound of
earth resembling a large Eskimo igloo.
There was a circular opening in the top,
and other openings, apparently entrances,
around the circular base. The fresh dirt
gave evidence that the structure, whatever
it was, had been finished comparatively
recently. The idea which leaped to my
mind as I tried to explain this unexpected
discovery was that Commander Jones had
deserted his first camp for some reason and
had moved to this point, two miles down,
at the mouth of the river, and had erected
this strange habitation. Why, then, had no
one come out to welcome me?

  The most logical answer was that, be-
lieving it impossible for anyone to make
the trip from Earth at the time, they took
me for an enemy. I hovered low and per-
mitted my ship to drift over the mound so
that if any of the party were concealed
there they could recognize the ship as an
Earthly one. When I came directly over
the opening I could see that the mound was
hollow. I could make out nothing in the
dimly lighted interior, and there was still
no sign of life. As I searched the strange
mound with my eyes, however, I saw a pen-
cil ray of intense light suddenly directed
from somewhere within it at my ship.

  Almost immediately' I saw a wisp of
smoke from the floor of the ship near the
stern. The ray was cutting through both
inner and outer plates with the ease of an
acetylene torch flame eating through a thin
sheet of lead.

  I sprang to the throttle and advanced it.
With a tremendous roar the ship leaped
forward so that I was almost thrown to
the floor. In barely a second I was out of
sight of the mound over the trees which
surrounded the cleared bluff on the land
side. There I again stopped the ship, let-
ting it drift while I examined the damage.
The ray had cut a semicircular arc through
the inner and outer plates of the ship, and
had punctured the overhead plates as well.

It had come perilously close to the reserve
tanks of fuel mixture, which would have
exploded and annihilated the ship if they
had been exposed to it. As it was the ship
had been rendered useless for interplanet-
ary travel, although it could still be used
in the atmosphere of Venus.

  I had travelled some ten miles from the
bluff when the ship again came to rest.
After I had finished my inspection of the
ship I looked about me and was surprised
to notice a wide river about a mile ahead.
I recalled then that I had not seen the riv-
er before. An examination of the map con-
vinced me that in fact the bluff where the
strange mound Was situated was actually
on the arm of a small bay, and that the
Holmes River lay in front of me. I ac-
cordingly proceeded slowly to the river
and turned downstream over it, since I knew
I was more than two miles inland. A few
minutes later I sighted a collection of huts
on the right bank, and a short distance
away were the two large space ships used
by the Jones expedition. It was unques-
tionably the camp established by the party.
It was overgrown with creepers, however,
and gave every sign of being completely
deserted. I settled down over it and saw
that my judgment was correct. There was
no sign of life in the camp. Carefully I
brought my ship to rest near the two large
space ships, and stepped out to the ground.

I was convinced that I had accidentally
stumbled on the home of the creatures
whose mysterious attacks had disrupted the
expedition. Furthermore I had had a ter-
rible demonstration of the power they were
able to wield. I resolved that, forwarned
as I was, I should not share the fate of
Commander Jones and his aides, whatever
it might have been. Undoubtedly the creat-
ures would look for me at the site of the
camp. As I had not seen them I could
form no idea of how formidable they would
be. I decided to inspect the camp hurriedly
and then conceal my ship nearby and re-
turn to watch developments.

  In the limited time which I allowed my-
self I hoped to discover some record which
would 'indicate the fate of the colonists,
THE STRUGGLE FOR VENUS

729

and also, if the wireless set were in order,
to send a message to Earth telling of my
arrival. I turned first to the semi-circular
row of huts and searched them rapidly. The
huts and their contents had suffered con-
siderable damage from rain since being de-
serted. They still contained most of the
personal effects of the colonists, indicating
that the desertion of the camp had been ac-
complished in great haste. In the fourth
hut which I entered I found evidence that
it had been occupied by Commander Jones.
There was a box containing some of the
instruments taken from the space ships. On
a shelf I found what I most wanted—the
log of the trip. I opened it quickly and
found, to my intense disappointment, that
the last entry had been made on the day
when the final message from the party was
received by me in Washington. There was
nothing to tell how or why the camp had
been deserted, which confirmed my suspi-
cion that the colonists had been overcome
by a sudden attack directed from the mound
on the coast.

  I tucked the slightly mouldy book under
my arm, to study it later at. leisure, and
completed a hasty examination of the camp.
I was unable to understand the complete
lack of evidence of an extensive struggle.
The fact that there were no human remains
anywhere in the camp permitted me to be-
lieve with some cause that the colonists
were still alive. But whether they were
prisoners or had been driven to some other
part of the continent remained to be seen.

  My search was next directed to the two
large space ships. The thin waterproof
cover of one of them had been torn and
the ship’s plates were rusting. I entered
the other one and found from a cursory
examination that it appeared to be in first
class condition. The apparatus for com-
pressing and liquefying air was in seem-
ingly good repair, but the tanks of fuel
mixture, without which liquid air was use-
less for motive purposes, were missing.

  The wireless apparatus had been set up
in this ship, and a rapid examination con-
vinced me that it had not been damaged.
As I was looking over it more carefully I
heard a chattering sound which seemed to

come from the direction of the huts. I
slipped over to one of the ports on that side.
What I saw took away my breath and made
my heart beats ccase suddenly.

  A large balloon-like object, shaped like
a dirigible, had settled quietly to the
ground on the other side of my space ship,
and from its interior were alighting several
creatures whom I felt sure were from the
mound colony. In general appearance they
bore a remarkable resemblance to human be-
ings, although they were unlike any men I
had ever seen. They were slightly smaller
than the average man, and had large heads,
big round eyes which protrudede, and point-
ed noses and chins. They moved rapidly and
alertly. They wore tunics which fell freely
from their shoulders to their knees.

  As I watched breathlessly, between twen-
ty and twenty-five of these beings, presum-
ably natives of Venus who had escaped dis-
covery on the first exploration of the plan-
et, alighted from the object which I could
only suppose to be some sort of flying
machine. Two. of them immediately walked
to my space ship and after examining it
from the outside entered through the open
passage. The others scattered to search the
camp.

  I realized that despite my resolutions, I
had allowed myself to be outwitted by the
enemy in the first encounter. The creatures
had surprised me in overwhelming numbers,
and in addition, as I knew, were probably
better armed than I was. Knowing that they
would soon search the large ships for me,
I decided that the best thing to do under
the circumstances was to attempt to hide
in the underbrush until they had left the
camp. The space ship was on the edge of
the camp and I was able to keep it between
me and the creatures until I reached the
protection of the trees and undergrowth. I
worked my way silently further into the
forest and then climbed into the lower
branches of a tree and mounted to where I
was able to obtain a fairly unobstructed
view of the camp.

A Meeting

THE Venusians, as I judged them to be,
did not seem particularly perturbed
730

WONDER STORIES

over my escape. As I watched them through
the branches of the trees they concluded a
search of the camp and collected around
the balloon, or whatever it was, in which
they had arrived. There was a conference
and then several of them went to my ship
and entered it. They emerged within a few
minutes each carrying two of the tanks of
fuel mixture. They made several more trips
until all the tanks had been removed to
their ship. I could see that they were pre-
paring to leave, undoubtedly thinking that
I had been rendered helpless by the loss of
the fuel. I watched with the utmost interest
as they entered their conveyance. A clever-
ly constructed door closed downward, ap-
parently sealing the ship airtight. Then
without a sound and with no means of pro-
pulsion which I could observe, the object
rose in the air and headed purposefully in
the direction of the mound.

  I descended the tree and made my way
back toward the camp. At the fringe of the
underbrush as I was about to step into the
cleared space I heard a rustling sound
nearby to the right. I dropped to the
ground, although the noise had come from
so near I was almost sure I had been ob-
served. My fears turned to amazed joy when
I looked up and saw a man step from be-
hind a tree a few yards away. It was Cap-
tain Matthew Eddy!

   “Starrett!” he cried. “But how on earth
_»

   Captain Eddy’s joy and surprise at this
unexpected meeting equalled mine. He was
at first unable to believe my story of the
trip around the sun, but my presence and
that of the small ship forced him to accept
it. He then told me briefly the history of
the expedition in the following words:

  “You already know of the disappearance
of Smith and Fall, and later of six other
members of the party, and of the theft of
our fuel mixture. We were totally at a loss
to explain these mysteries, especially as we
had every reason to believe that there were
on Venus no other intelligent beings than
ourselves.

   “On the night following the first inva-
sion of the camp I was awakened by a cry
.from the adjoining hut. As I started up I

saw two man-like creatures framed in th«
doorway. They immediately pounced upon
me and before I was really awake they had
overpowered and bound me. I was left
alone in the hut for about five minutes, and
in that time I managed to slip the knot in
the wiry cord which held my arms and free
myself. I realized from the sounds I heard
that the camp had been invaded in force
and that all the men probably had been
made prisoners as I had. Knowing that the
fate of the entire party might depend upon
me I crept cautiously to the door and
looked out. There were about a hundred
of the strange men in sight, many of them
gathered around what resembled a dirigible
which rested in the camp. Others were car-
rying the bound forms of my comrades and
placing them in the object—which I have
reason to believe is nothing less than a space
ship.

  “It was obvious tl^at if I showed myself
I would immediately be overpowered and
captured. The lives of my comrades ap-
peared to be in no immediate danger and I
decided that my best chance of rescuing
them lay in maintaining my own freedom
and watching developments. Accordingly I
made a hole in the rear of the hut, and,
unobserved, slipped out of the camp. I was
the only one who escaped the raid. The
others were all placed, securely bound, in
the raiders’ ship. Ten minutes later I saw
the ship rise silently until it was outlined
against the stars high overhead. It then
headed swiftly in a northeasterly direction.”

  Captain Eddy told me briefly how he had
set out immediately in the direction taken
by the raiding party, and after a week’s
search had found the mound colony. He
had stayed in the neighborhood of the
mound ever since, except for an occasional
trip through the ten miles of jungle back
to the camp for supplies. He had observed
the actions of the mound men from trees
on the fringe of the cleared bluff, but had
seen no trace of the prisoners. His obser-
vations had convinced him, for one thing,
that the dirigible used by the mound men
was really a space ship of some strange
kind.

  “I have come to the conclusion,” he said,
FHE STRUGGLE FOR VENUS

731

**that the mound creatures are not natives
of this planet any more than we are. They
are totally unlike any other form of life
to be found on Venus, and it is almost in-
conceivable that they have developed here
so tremendously in advance of everything
else on the planet. It would be no more
incongruous to imagine modern men living
in the same world with the prehistoric ani-
mals which roamed over Earth when it
was comparatively young.

  “Moreover the fact that there is only a
single colony and that the party has a space
ship is almost conclusive evidence that they
are visitors from another planet. It is my
opinion that the party came here from Mars,
where, we have reason to believe, there is
life similar to that on Earth.”

  The force of what my companion said
was apparent, and I was inclined to share
his view. If it were the truth, we were un-
doubtedly faced by the strangest situation
any man had encountered. Nevertheless,
that view of the situation held more hope
than any other I could imagine. If the
mound creatures were indeed Martians then
their number was limited. If Captain Eddy
and I could outwit them—find some means
of freeing our comrades—the struggle for
control of the planet should not be too
unequal, although I was sure the mound
creatures—whether Martians or natives of
Venus—would prove worthy opponents.
My companion told me that there were
about 150 of them living in an excavation
in the bluff, to which the openings in the
mound were entrances. About half of them
went daily in the space ship to some point
west of the Holmes River, he said. As he
had no way of crossing the river he had
been unable to discover the objects of these
trips.

  Captain Eddy told me that h? had made
an attempt to operate the wireless set but
that his knowledge of radio was not suffi-
cient to enable him to succeed. Together we
slipped into the space ship and I began
working on the set.

  I found that the batteries had lost some
of their strength, but nevertheless 1 made
the necessary adjustments, and began flash-
ing the earth call at five minute intervals.

Several hours later, when I was about to
give up in despair, I caught an answer. I
then transmitted a brief but thorough ac-
count of the supposed fate of the party of
colonists, with the assurance that Captain
Eddy and I would do all possible to rescue
them if they proved to be prisoners of the
mound men.

CHAPTER VII.
Trapped.

AT Captain Eddy’s suggestion we spent
the night in a tree near the camp,
sleeping on a platform of boards taken
from one of the huts. At dawn we ate
breakkfast in the camp and then set out
for the coast, working our way through the
light underbrush. Although the going was
not difficult it was necessarily slow, and the
sun indicated it was noon when we finally
approached the bluff on which the mound
was located. We were aided by the fact
that the force of gravity on Venus is almost
a fifth less than on Earth, so that while we
retained our strength on Venus we lost
about one fifth of our weight. Consequent-
ly we were able to walk much more lightly
and to leap over obstacles which, on Earth,
we would have had to climb painfully.
Moreover the weight of other objects was
similarly reduced, so that 120 pounds could
be lifted with the same effort that would be
required to raise 100 pounds on Earth.

  We lunched on the sap of a milk tree in
which my companion had set a spigot. The
fluid tasted considerably like milk and Cap-
tain Eddy told me that Dr. Alexander, the
chemist of the expedition, had found it par-
ticularly nourishing. The trees were plen-
tiful along the coast, growing to a height
of about 20 feet under the shelter of the
tall trees.

  We then approached cautiously nearer
the bluff and climbed into a tree which my
companion had found well suited for ob-
servation. The space ship was not in sight,
having gone as usual somewhere to the
westward. Nor were any of the mound men
visible at the time. Five minutes later, how-
ever, we saw ten of the creatures emerge
from one of the openings at the base of
the mound. They descended the bluff and
732

WONDER STORIES

disappeared in the forest to the left.

  I suggested, imprudently enough, that
Captain Eddy remain where he was while
I made an attempt to cross the bluff and
enter the mound, in the hope of reaching
the prisoners and freeing them. Captain
Eddy emphatically vetoed the plan, telling
me that the top of the bluff was constantly
watched. He then outlined his own plan of
action, which required that we remain
where we were until after dark, when one
of us could try to penetrate the home of the
mound creatures. Captain Eddy had often
wished, during the two months he had
watched the mound, that he were free to
make a similar attempt. The odds against
success were so great, however, and his re-
sponsibility as the only free colonist was
so great that he had not risked it. Now that
there were two of us he agreed with me
that the effort must be made. At my in-
sistence he agreed that I make the attempt,
while he remained in the forest.

  As we were discussing this plan in whis-
pers I realized suddenly that the tree in
which we were concealed was swinging
slowly out of it9 vertical position. Startled,
I looked down and saw, far below me, at
the base of the tree, a pencil ray of light
eating through the trunk. The swing toward
the ground continued with increasing mo-
mentum and in a second the tall tree was
crashing through the branches of its neigh-
bors, while Captain Eddy and I were
scratched and buffetted and finally torn
loose from the branches to which we were
clinging. The resistance of the other trees
slowed our fall somewhat, but I was thrown
clear of the tree when it finally crashed
through, and struck the ground with suf-
ficient force to stun me momentarily.

  Before I could move two of the strange
men from the mound pounced on me like
cats and pinioned my arras. I struggled as
well as my returning strength permitted and
for a half-second flung them free. The next
instant they were back, and several others
dashed in to aid them. After a fierce but
brief struggle one of them slipped a noose
over me and drew it tight about my arms.
I was rendered helpless and, though I con-
tinued to kick and writhe as long as pos-

sible, they quickly completed the work of
trussing me securely. When I finally re-
laxed, realizing the futility of further strug-
gling, I was laid on the ground. A minute
later the bound form of Captain Eddy was
placed beside me. I saw that he was un-
conscious, and that his forehead was bleed-
ing, but I could not tell how badly he was
hurt.

  Our captors, who were the same ten we
had seen leave the mound, chattered briefly
among themselves, and then Captain Eddy
and I were picked up and carried up the
bluff and into the mound. After carrying
us through a short passage from the en-
trance our captors descended a long flight
of steps cut in the dirt. The lower level
was lighted with a soft pleasant glow the
source of which I could not determine. A
large central arena was revealed, with cells
around the walls and with six passageways
running off at intervals of sixty degrees.
We were transported down one of these
passages for about fifty feet—half of its
length—and the party halted in front of a
door. One of the mound men turned several
levers, and then swung the door open, re-
vealing a vestibule about ten feet wide and
fifteen feet long, with a closed door at the
far end.

WE were laid on the ground in the cen-
ter of the vestibule and the mound
men departed, closing the door through
which they had carried us. Some thirty
seconds elapsed and then there was a sharp
click. Immediately the inner door opened
and Commander Jones and several others
of the missing colonists appeared. They
did not seem particularly surprised to see
the form of Captain Eddy, but their amaze-
ment when I was recognized can be better
imagined than described. Our mutual ex-
clamations were interrupted after a moment
by a low musical note from the inner room.
Apparently it was a warning.

  “Quick!” Commander Jones ordered in
a sharp voice, “Drag them in!”

  Friendly hands grabbed me and dragged
me, still bound, through the open door.
Others carried the still unconscious Cap-
tain Eddy into the large room which was
THE STRUGGLE FOR VENUS

733

revealed, and the door then snapped shut.

  Commander Jones turned his attention to
Captain Eddy, while others quickly un-
bound me. My companion had suffered a
bad cut on the back of his head. He revived
as his head was being bathed with water
taken from a small channel which led
through the underground chamber, and it
was found that his wound, while painful,
was not serious.

  Commander Jones then listened with the
utmost interest to a recital of my trip from
Earth.-

  “We heard something of your arrival
from our jailors,” he said, surprisingly,
“but it seemed so incredible that we decid-
ed there was some mistake. As for poor
Eddy, we have had regular reports of his
activities. While he thought he was unob-
served he has been under constant surveil-
lance and could have been captured at any
time during the two months we have been
held here.”

  “Do you mean that you can communi-
cate with your jailors?” I asked, “And for
that matter, who and what are they?”

  “I can tell you everything that we know
about them very quickly,” Commander
Jones said.

  “Soon after we were made prisoners I
was taken into an office in another part of
this ant hill. There was a recognizable
map of the heavens on a table. One of our
captors who acted as spokesman indicated
Earth on the map and pointed to me. I
nodded my head, foolishly thinking that he
would understand that affirmative sign.
When he failed to do so I touched my chest
with my finger and then placed the finger
on the dot indicating Earth. This he under-
stood, and in a like manner he told me that
he and his companions came from Mars.

  “He then touched himself and indicated
his companions. Placing his finger on Mars
he traced a path to Venus. Then he nodded
his head vigorously. I wras forced to laugh,
as you would laugh at a monkey, by the
celerity with which he had adopted my sign
of affirmation once he understood it. I re-
alized, however, that he was no monkey, but
a being of quick intelligence. But his
message was not completed. He next indi-

cated Earth on the map and traced a path
to Venus, and then made a sign of break-
ing something in his hands. The meaning
was plain enough. He was telling me that
Venus should belong to the men of Mars
and not to the men of Earth. My reply was
to show my defiance in the same manner
he had adopted.

. “Since that day I have had many con-
ferences with the same individual and we
have developed a means of communicating
ideas with a minimum of effort. I have
picked up some of their vocal sounds and
he has learned a remarkable amount of
something approximating English. Al-
though there is a certain amount of friend-
liness between us because of this ability to
understand one another, his enmity as a
Martian against all Earth men, and his de-
termination to keep Venus for his own race
is unaffected.

  “The present expedition of Martians
numbers about 200 and they have been on
Venus for more than two years. During
that time they have not been able to com-
municate with Mars. I was surprised that
they had not developed wireless until I
learned that they have the ability of trans-
mitting thought very efficiently. This, of
course, made wireless unnecessary pn their
home planet, but it cannot be used for
more than a few thousand miles.

  “As a result of this the party must return
to Mars to report the success of their trip
and their discoveries here. They are plan-
ning to leave within a few weeks, when the
position of Mars will be favorable. Then
at the next favorable conjunction they plan
to return with other ships and several thou-
sand of their fellows. They expect that
ten years from now the entire population
of Mars will have been transferred to Venus,
since Mars is rapidly becoming incapable
of supporting life. The population of that
planet now is only about a million, as
nearly as I can make out.

  “One thing they have given me to under-
stand very definitely. Before they leave
Venus they plan to kill all of our party,
not out of any feeling of enmity, but sole-
ly to eliminate the possibility that we will
return to Earth for reinforcements and will
734

WONDER STORIES

contest with them the possession of Venus.
The idea has never occurred to them that
the men on Earth already know of the suc-
cess of our trip and the nature of condi-
tions on Venus.”

t*T3UT can’t we do anything?” I pro-

  13 tested.

  “We have not been inactive,” Commander
Jones replied, “and we have high hopes of
escaping and outwitting them. I must ex-
plain to you first the nature of our prison.

  “The walls are charged with an electric
current at high tension and it is only neces-
sary to press on them to receive a very
severe shock. Since the connections are be-
hind the walls we are unable to get at them,
and it would do no good if we could, be-
cause they would know it immediately if the
current were interrupted. They have a spe-
cial connection by which they can permit
us to go into the vestibule to get food they
have left there, but if we linger the current
is switched on. Our water we get from
the stream running through the end of the
room. It drops to a lower level near the
wall, you see, and serves there to dispose of
waste. It is the system of plumbing which
they have provided for the entire colony.”

  He led me over to the wall beyond the
small stream and raised a box which rested
there. Under it was a hole about three feet
across leading down into the ground.

  “Soon after we were imprisoned here we
began working on a tunnel under the walls,
disposing of the dirt in small quantities by
letting the stream carry it out to the ocean.
It is now completed to within a foot of the
surface near the base of the bluff on the
land side, and we are only waiting the pro-
pitious moment to put out escape to the
test.”

  Commander Jones next led me to the dou-
ble row of bunks in the center of the room.
Under the foot of one of the bunks he
pointed out two containers which I recog-
nized as cans of fuel mixture.

  “I found out where these were kept,” he
explained, “when my Martian captor ques-
tioned me about them. These two are all I
have been able to slip in here unobserved
on my various trips into the other parts of

the ant hill. They will serve our purpose
I think.”

  While others of our fellow prisoners
gathered around us Commander Jones ex-
plained to me the plan that had been work-
ed out. The tunnel could be forced through
at the base of the bluff at any time by a few
minutes’ work. Our leader thought it best
to wait for a few days, until the exact plans
of the Martians were revealed, and make the
break for liberty at the last moment con-
sistent with safety. Two of the men would
slip out under cover of darkness, carrying
the two tanks of fuel mixture with them,
and make their way to the abandoned camp
where the two large space ships and my
small one were deserted.

  A highly explosive bomb could be made
by injecting a small amount of the fuel
mixture into one of the heavy tanks of
liquid air. Using the rest of the fuel mix-
ture to operate one of the ships, the pair
would return over the mound and drop the
bomb on it. The attack on the mound would
be timed exactly, and before it was made
the remaining prisoners would slip out
through the tunnel and escape to a safe dis-
tance from the bluff.

  There was a large group of the colonists
who chafed at the proposed delay in action.
It was their argument that the Martians
might at any time decide to carry out their
announced plan of doing away with all of
us. It was argued that their capture of
Captain Eddy and me, putting all of the
Earth men on Venus in their power, indi-
cated that the crisis was near. At any
moment they might introduce into the un-
derground chamber a poisonous gas which
would give us no chance of resistance, or
of using the tunnel.

  This faction proved the more weighty,
and when Commander Jones acceded to the
wishes of the majority it was decided that
the attempt should be made that night.
Commander Jones refused to leave what he
considered the position of greatest danger,
nor did Captain Eddy’s condition permit
him to indulge in anything so strenuous as
a ten-mile trip through the forest. Com-
mander Jones accordingly appointed Arthur
Rhodes, one of the most resourceful mem-
THE STRUGGLE FOR VENUS

735

bers of the party, as one of the pair to make
the attempt to bomb the mound. I was
picked as his companion because of my
familiarity with the operation of both the
small and the large space ships.

  About an hour before dawn the follow-
ing morning Rhodes slipped headfirst into
the hole in the floor and wriggled out of
sight. 1 followed, although the dark hole
was anything but inviting. I made my way
through the tunnel more slowly than my
companion, pushing the two containers of
fuel mixture before me. When I finally
touched his foot with my outstretched hand
he whispered to me to lie quietly for a mo-
men. He had already removed some of the
dirt at the end of the passage. After a
moment, when no sound reached us, he re-
sumed work, passing back handfuls of dirt
to me, which 1 distributed on the floor.
After a few moments I felt him slip forward
and then felt a breath of cool air. I silent-
ly wriggled forward and slid out of the
end of the tunnel. We placed a piece of
brush over the opening and then slipped in-
to the forest carrying our burden, apparent-
ly unobserved.

  We proceeded slowly until sunrise, after
which we were able to make better time.
Considerably before noon we came to the
river bank and soon located the camp. We
had decided to use one of the large ships,
since they were equipped with chambers in
the floor through which the bomb could be
dropped. We accordingly set to work at
once dismantling the aerial posts from the
ship which was in the better condition of
the two. That completed we entered the
ship and continued our preparations, ar-
ranging the powerful bomb and fixing a
fuse to it.

  All was in readiness long before night,
but we were forced to wait until the prear-
ranged hour to give our companions an op-
portunity to escape from their prison.

CHAPTER VIII.
The Battle in Space.

AN hour after sunset we closed the door
of the big ship. I loosed the rocket
power and the ship rose swiftly to a height
of several hundred feet, where I steadied it.

As it would take no more than a few minutes
to arrive over the mound colony, Arthur
Rhodes was already stationed at the center
of the ship, where the improvised bomb
lay in the chamber in readiness to be drop-
ped. His voice came to me over the tele-
phone.

  “O.K. Let’ergo!”

  I turned in the direction of the mound and
picked up a speed of about 200 miles an
hour. 1 did not wish to go too fast as it
would be necessary to slow down over the
bluff on the sea coast so that my companion
could drop the bomb accurately. He would
have enough difficulty in any event in aim-
ing the missile through the glass port in the
floor. Even so, we were in sight of the
mound in four minutes.

  As I reduced the speed of the ship I saw
a dark object rise swiftly over the mound.
There was no sound, but in the dusk I
could make out the outlines of the Martian
space dirigible, which was shooting upward
with increasing speed.

  It seemed obvious that the Martians had
discovered the escape of their prisoners,
and had acted so quickly as to entirely up-
set our plan. How many of the party were
in the big ship I could only guess, but it
seemed best to carry out the plan of de-
stroying the mound, where I presumed the
majority of them remained. I accordingly
held the ship on its course. When almost
directly over the bluff I saw a figure run
out on it with a blazing torch. By the in-
distinct light I realized that it was one of
our own party. Lest Rhodes should fail
to recognize him and drop the bomb, I
swerved seaward quickly to prevent the ship
from passing over the bluff.

  As I did so I suddenly understood the
significance of the signal some member of
our party had risked his life to give. For
some reason, at which I could only guess,
the Martians had entirely deserted the
mound. All of them, then, must be in the
space ship. Could it be that they were de-
parting for the long homeward journey?
Had they discovered the escape of all their
prisoners and started to search for us at $ie
deserted camp, only to change their plans
736

WONDER STORIES

when our ship came in sight as they took
off?

• These conjectures (lashed through my
mind instantaneously. I automatically
turned the ship upward and advanced it to
high speed in pursuit of the Martian ship.
As I did so, the voice of Rhodes came to
me from the center of the ship. He had
not seen the Martian ship, and was unable
to understand what had occurred. Receiv-
ing only disjointed exclamations in answer,
since all my attention was devoted to the
pursuit, he came forward to where I stood
in the bow of the ship. By that time I had
collected my ideas and was able to tell him
in a few words, what apparently had oc-
curred. The Martian ship had disappeared
from our sight, but from its course while
it was visible I judged that it was still
mounting upward from the surface of the
planet.

  Rhodes agreed with me that we should
attempt to overtake the Martian ship and
disable it, if possible, rather than permit
its occupants to reach Mars and return with
reinforcements. We had seen that the Mar-
tians were intelligent and resourceful, able
to use weapons which gave them a decided
advantage over us, and absolutely ruthless
in their determination to hold Venus for
their race and to wipe out all competitors.
They had openly declared themselves our
enemies, and we were forced to regard them
as such.

  Although the sun had set an hour earlier
on the surface, our swift flight upward
brought into view first a reddish glow in
the west, and then the rim of the sun itself
appeared. Strain our eyes as we might we
were unable to see the Martian ship.

  I pushed the space ship to the limit, in-
creasing its speed steadily as the atmosphere
became less dense. We shot swiftly through
the upper layers of atmosphere and soon
emerged into the blackness of interplanetary
space.

  ‘There it is!” Rhodes cried.

  I looked in the direction he indicated and
saw a thin crescent of light overhead and to
the left. It was undoubtedly the Martian
space ship, shining moon-like by the light
of the sun. Against the completely black

background of limitless space it was im-
possible not to see it. Could we overtaka
it?

I COULD hardly doubt that we had been
observed by the Martians as soon as we
emerged from the atmosphere of Venus, but
I decide upon a ruse. If I could place our
ship directly between the Martian and the
Sun we would be invisible to them, while
their ship could be seen in its largest and
brightest form. I accordingly cut to the left
and in five minutes accomplished my pur-
pose. Although we had lost valuable dis-
tance in the race to overtake the Martians,
we now had a distinct advantage in being
visible lo them, if at all, only as a small
speck on the disk of the sun, while their
ship shone like a large moon before us. The
question now was one of speed.

  We had about a day’s supply of fuel
mixture. However, since our ship was not
designed for space combat our only way
of disabling the enemy ship was to drop the
improvised bomb on it. I realized, of
course, that this could not be done except
under some gravitational force. If attempt-
ed outside of a fairly strong gravitational
field the bomb would not “drop” but would
continue to travel with our ship until it ex-
ploded and destroyed us. The only chance
of success, a slim one at best, was to make
the attack while still within the gravita-
tional field of Venus. I accordingly pushed
the ship to the utmost, and had the satisfac-
tion of seeing the Martian ship grow larger
in appearance, showing that we were over-
taking it.

  While the description of these events has
taken considerable time, the reader must
understand that their actual occurrence cov-
ered only a brief span. We were already,
however, some 10,000 miles from the sur-
face of Venus and it was apparent that we
would be 15,000 miles up before we could
overtake the fleeing ship. I made a rapid
calculation in my head. The attraction of
gravity at the surface of Venus is about 26
feet a second. At 15,000 miles the acceler-
ation would be less than two feet a second.
However that would suffice if my plan^
worked out otherwise.
THE STRUGGLE FOR VENUS

737

  Rhodes fell in with the idea completely
when I sketched it in a few words.

  “I’ll put a ten-second fuse in the bomb
and let you know the moment I release it,”
he said.

  Left alone in the control chamber in the
bow as my companion hurried back amid-
ship, I watched the Martian ship grow
steadily brighter. I wondered if the enemy
ship, like ours, was entirely unfitted for
fighting. If they were able to direct that
powerful ray of light from the ship we were
doomed', for once the double shell of our
ship was punctured we could not survive in
the vacuum of space. That was a chance we
were forced to take.

  It was only a few minutes before our ship
was quite close to the Martian. The super-
ior speed at my command enabled me to
manoeuvre the enemy into position between
our ship and the planet below. I then let
the space ship sink gradually until it was
speeding along a course directly parallel to
that of the Martian, exactly above it relative
to Venus, and separated by no more than
fifteen or twenty feet.

  “All set?” came the steady voice of
Arthur Rhodes.

  “All set,” I replied.

  In my mind’s eye I could see him light the
fuse, close the inner door of the chamber and
open the outer one.

  “It’s off!” came his shout over the tele-
phone.

  I held the ship steady for two nerve-
wracking seconds to give the bomb time to
clear it, and then again turned the rockets
on full force and directed the ship sharply
upward.

  With the nose of the ship pointed away
from the Martian ship, I was unable to see

what happened next, but when I turned some
ten seconds later at a distance of more than
a hundred miles from the point where the
other ship should be, it could not be dis-
tinguished. Instead, I could make out sev-
eral large luminous particles, and I knew
that innumerable smaller particles of what
had been the Martian ship had been (lung
off in every direction.

  Arthur Rhodes, who joined me in the con-
trol room, had actually witnessed the break-
up of the Martian ship. No noise of the ex-
plosion had reached us, of course, since
sound is not carried through a vacuum.

  The large pieces of the ill-fated ship had
been flung down toward Venus in different
directions. Soon after our ship reentered
the atmosphere of the planet we saw one of
these particles flash through the atmosphere
as a flaming meteor or “shooting star.”

  It is necessary only to add that Rhodes
and I joined the other colonists and that the
interrupted work begun on the radium field
was resumed. A few days later we discov-
ered what had taken the Martians daily to
the westward of the Holmes River. Several
miles west, on another seacoast bluff, they
had built another colony such as the one
which Commander Jones called an “ant
hill.” Doubtless this had been intended as
a home for others who were to be led back
to Venus by the exploring party. How-
ever, the Martians apparently deserted the
plan of colonizing Venus when the party
of explorers failed to return, and none of
them have since appeared on Venus. The
Earth colony there has of course grown to
important proportions and the inspired
dreams of Dr. Sanders, head of the Com-
mission for Venus, bids fair to be not only
fulfilled, but surpassed.

 THE END.

For Wonder Stories
“Next Month”
tarn to Page 715
As the *Death Lily* Began to Appear on Earth—in
Remote Places the Air-Plant Men Prepared ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦

The Air-

 By Roger
 Wulfres

Illustrated

A FAMILIAR shadow was cast upon the
frosted glass of the door-panel. A
sturdy fist hammered out a well remembered
rap-a-taptap.

  “Come right in, Doctor,” I cried, as I
pressed the button which released the elec-
trically controlled door-catch. “This is cer-
tainly a surprise.”

  Doctor Destanne swung the door open
and entered. It was good to see the little
biologist once more. Sibyl, my fiancee, had
been acting as his assistant for several
months. During this time they had been
cruising in the West Indies hoping to com-
plete their extensive research into certain
obscure plant forms of that region. Des-

tanne had now returned, weeks in advance
of their schedule; which meant that Sibyl
must be in the offing.

  But Doctor Destanne was unaccompanied,
although he turned and closed the door be-
hind him so swiftly that his action suggested
pursuit. Yet it was not the manner of his
entry that startled me; it was his attire that
made me stare.

  He was wearing a light-weight grey over-
coat buttoned well up around his throat,
a tweed cap, and a heavy pair of monstrous
goggles that were so large they resembled
an owlish mask. A truly amazing outfit for
a midsummer day in New York City.
Without a word he hurriedly crossed the

738
Plant

Men

 By Marchioni

  One moment he
  air:
  neck

room and closed the windows that over-
looked a sea of roofs. When lie removed
his goggles from a face that was streaming
with perspiration and sank with a gasp into
the large, leather upholstered office chair
1 keep in readiness for clients, I saw that
he was on the verge of collapsing.

  “Whew!” he said at last. And I saw that
his face, usually so placid with a profes-
sional calm, was haggard from sheer ex-
haustion. “Thought I d never make it.”

  I filled a tumbler with ice-water from
the cooler. Doctor Destanne took the brim-
ming glass from my hand and swallowed the
contents at a gulp. “Whew!” he said
again.

   Never in all my long friendship with the
staid little man had 1 seen him any tiling
like this. Usually, he made me think of a
prosaic, busy little brown sparrow.

   True, there was the time when he returned
from crossing and recrossing that deadly val-

ley of gigantic arum lilies west of Zanzibar.
That must have taken nerve. Only after his
reports were completed had the public
/earned that the perfume of those tremendous
blossoms—large as elephants’ ears—had
overpowered the pilot while Doctor Destan-
ne was photographing tfcft valley at two
thousand feet. They would have plunged
to their deaths, stifled by the lethal frag-
rance, but for Destanne’s hair-trigger nerve.

 “It’s this accursed thing that’s such an
 abomination,” he was saying, when I re-
 turned with more ice water.

HE had unbuttoned his overcoat and now
I saw what had been concealed beneath

 it.

   Surrounding his throat was a massive
metal collar which completely covered his
neck. Connected to the lower edge of this
strange collar, finely interlocked metal links
glittered.
740

WONDER STORIES

   “Chain mesh—from there on down to my

 knees,” he said. “Steel,” he added signifi-
 cantly.

   “Yes, but why?” I burst out. “Surely
 you aren’t being hunted by gunmen.”

   “Worse than that, Roger. Much worse.
 Have you anything to smoke here?”

   I drew an open box of Havanas from the
 desk and pushed them
 toward him. He had J
 calmed sufficiently to
 recover his clipped,
 precise speech, but I
 saw that he was still
 far from his usual
 meticulous self.

   “Worse,” he mused
 as he got the cigar
 burning evenly.

 “Worse. It’s damn-
 able.” He paused, in- i
 haling deeply, as if
 pondering a diagnosis. I
 Then, tossing precision |
 aside with a gesture,
 he flung his words to
 the wind.

  “I came to you,

 Roger, for help, be-
 cause I knew I’d get
 it. We haven’t time to
 go .into all the details
 now. If we hurry we
 can taxi out in time to
 catch the 9.30 Sea-
 board Airliner s<*ith.

 Talk over the problem
 on our way. It’s dev-
 ilishly complicated. As
 terrible a doom as ever
 threatened an unsus-
 pecting world — the
 air-plant men. They
 followed me here.

 Nothing I can say will
 stir our slow-moving
 national defense organization into action
 in time to avert a disaster. Our country—
 even Sibyl’s existence—is hanging by a
 .thread, a tentacle.’'

   He stopped suddenly and I seized him by
 both shoulders. “Sibyl?” I breathed.

   “As if we needed concrete evidence,’*
 Destanne said, pointing to the window
 where evening shadows were fast gathering.

   I would have stepped forward, but he in-
 tercepted me. “Back,” he shouted. “As you
 value your life, leave that window securely
 fastened.”

   Then I saw what appeared to be a length
                     of dangling cable,
                     coarse stuff, that was
                     swinging freely a few
                     feet beyond the para-
                     pet. Perhaps as heavy
                     as a man’s finger, med-
                     ium-sized, brown hem-
                     pen cable, I thought.

                     “Workmen,” I said
                   aloud.

                       But even as I spoke
                     the cable twisted with
                     an uncanny waving
                     motion. Another length
                     descended and hung a
                     foot or so from the
                     first. Then another,
                     and another, until
                     there were fully a
                     dozen of them dangling
                     and swinging, but ever
                     gliding downward.

                      Curiosity prompted
                    me to crouch and
                    watch the upper edge
                    of the window. I
                    caught a glimpse of
                    some vague grayish
                    bulk that was hanging
                    there; then the mass
                    sailed swiftly down to
                    stop abruptly, hover-
                    ing directly outside the
                    window.

                    Destanne coughed
 slightly. “One of the
 scouts,” he said, with
 the manner of a cur-
 ator explaining an interesting specimen.
 “He doesn’t want to lose track of me. From
 now on, Roger, I’d advise you to be pre-
 pared for anything.”

   Like one hypnotised, I crouched staring

TT/ E are accustomed to
thinking of sentient be-
ings in terms of human or
other animal life. We can-
not conceive, for example,
of a plant having “a brain ”
Yet the functions that
many plants perform are
in reality no less compli-
cated than our own actions,
and if the ability to adapt
oneself to circumstances is
intelligence, we must admit
this quality in many plants.
Sir Jagadis Bose, one of
the noted paleontologists of
the world, comes to this
conclusion in his remark-
able book, u Plant Auto-
graphs and Their Revela-
tions

  It is not far-fetched,
then, to give to plants a
will to have control over
the earth and displace men.
What prohibits them from
any such action is that
they are fixed in place for
their entire lives. But sup-
pose there arose a plant
that was not fixed but
could “feed” wherever it
wished. Then, endowed
with mobility, such a sen-
tient plant, would indeed
be a menace to our race, as
our author shows in this
thrilling story.

/
THE AIR-PLANT MEN

741

at the creature that faced me beyond that ex-
panse of thin window-glass.

  Nine eyes in a horizontal row, black
orbed, blinking, strangely human eye9 with
human intelligence and human curiosity
shining in the sparkling depths. The row,
so compact was it, did not exceed two feet
from end to end.

   It was moving. The eye at the left-hand
end of the row closed and sank away. The
row moved along from right to left, a tenth
eye became apparent at its right-hand end.
•Another eye blinked and drifted away.
Again the row moved along, again and
again.

   I felt I was being inspected by a concen-
trated nightmarish crowd of people. It was
a moment before the
shock of the thing wore
off. But soon I was able
to reason sufficiently to
understand that the eyes
were placed at regular
intervals around what ap-
peared to be the neck of
a balloon-shaped affair.

And that this balloon-like
creature was slowly re-
volving horizontally, so
that each of its many eyes
was being presented in
slow succession.

  For awhile I Suffered
the inquisition of the bale-
ful creature’s penetrating
stare. Then, so suddenly
that it gave the impression of an optical il-
lusion, the thing was gone and the shadows
lay long and soft over the adjacent roofs,
and the flickering fireflies that were the
traffic glittered in the deeper canyons be-
neath us.	/

   “That’s that,” Destanne said with forced
flippancy. “Up lo the five thousand foot
level like a shot and practically out of sight
from the ground. Now you will understand
why I’m wearing this accursed collar, Roger,
They wouldn’t dare attack us in a crowd,
not at this stage of the game, at least; but
when they do get a chance those tentacles of
theirs are almost as tough as steel—elastic
as rubber bands, sensitive as fingers. Di-

rected by a fiendish intelligence, they choke
their victims, gouge out his eyes—”

  “And Sibyl—is being held by these—
these infernal creatures?” I gasped. My
voice sounded hollow and I wondered vague-
ly if I could be talking in a dream.

  “She is,” replied Destanne brusquely. “II
you’ll grab your hat, I think we might make
a dash for a taxi right now and, with luck,
be in time when we reach the airdrome to
catch the 9.30.”

CHAPTER II.
The Trail of the Death Lily

TOGETHER we shot down to the ground
floor of the Fanton Building in an ex-
press elevator and darted
across the pavement into
a waiting taxicab.

  Once inside the cab,
Doctor Destanne gave the
chauffeur terse instruc-
tions to take us to the
Seaboard Central. Then
he closed the window and
removed his goggles.

  “Be surprised how
quickly those things can
get you,” he commented,
pointing upwards.

“We’re going empty
handed,” I reminded him.

  “No. I ordered quite
a lot of stuff in Miami on
my way north. A radio
from the flying field will have it meet us
when we pass there. Lot of things, includ-
ing a collar and chain-mesh for you, and
goggles. And one of these—”

  From just above his belt he seized the
scarcely concealed hilt of a machete; jerked
the weapon out and stroked its razor-keen
edge as lovingly as a Roman gladiator might
have toyed with a short sword. I was glad
when he slammed the frightful blade back
into its scabbard, for the chauffeur had
been watching us suspiciously.

  We reached the flying field without inter-
ference and more than half an hour before
the time set for the great amphibian air-
liner’s departure. Here I found the Doctor’s

ROGER WULFRES
742

WONDER STORIES

arrival had been expected and arrangements
had already been made for our passage. A
sheaf of telegrams settled my affairs and I
was ready to join Destanne in one corner
of the luxurious smoking compartment of
the waiting ship.

  “Sibyl,” he said, apparently reading my
thoughts “is in the gravest danger, in deadly
peril, in fact; but not in altogether immi-
nent danger. That is, I suspect we shall be
in ample time if nothing unforeseen occurs.

  “You will appreciate the situation better
if I begin somewhere near the beginning and
give you an outline of what I know of the
air-plant men.

  “Brisson, a New Orleans police detective,
who is also a brilliant Southern botanist,
sent me in a joking way a specimen of a
tiny and .quite rare plant—er, not unlike a
hyacinth. He wrote me that his confreres
had given this plant the name of ‘Death
Lily’ for a rather curious reason.

  “Brisson, it seems, had been at work as-
sembling the data on all the recent mur-
ders in the South, especially Florida and
Louisiana. They had a string of eight
apparently unreasonable, disconnected, un-
interesting homicides—unsolved affairs of
violence. They were alike, seemingly, in
only one respect. Fiendish brutality. Crush-
ed skulls, broken necks, gouged out eyes.
In one case, the victim had been practically
torn asunder.

  “All of them were country people, ob-
scure tenant-farmers or farm laborers of the
very poorest class and utterly without
money or enemies. The cases were so far
apart, however, and the time interval be-
tween so short, that not even a fiend killer
seemed to fill the bill.

  “Brisson’s love of botany often led him
far afield. In his investigation he found
a bed of the tiny hyacinth, a specimen of
which he sent me, growing somewhere in
the vicinity of each murder. ‘Death Lily’
they named it.”

DESTANNE paused and gazed thought-
fully at the airdrome beacon, a rest-
less finger of light which stroked the night

sky that lay beyond the smoking-room’s
heavy curved-glass windows.

  “Death Lily” he said again. “Brisson’s
associates had named it well. A modest,
pale-blue bloom with a peculiarly pleasant,
sweetish aroma—harmless, fragile, non-
poisonous, shrinking as a violet yet more
deadly in its significance than the vilest
leper.

  “We traced it, Sibyl and I, to what seem-
ed its source—this ‘Death Lily’—for it was
a newcomer to the South. The beds Brisson
found were undoubtedly far-flung colonies
of a plant apparently having its origin on
a group of uncultivated, tropical islands ly-
ing in the Caribbean south-east of Cuba.
‘Shadow Island’, the map called the largest
one. The lines we plotted on our charts
converged at that point.

  “At this time we haw no thought but for
the fun we were having assembling data on
an unknown plant recently finding root in
North American soil—a seemingly harmless
and rather likeable plant at that.

  “To test our figures, we decided on a trip
to ‘Shadow Island’. That was when we left
New York, as you remember.”

  I nodded. “And at ‘Shadow Island’ you
found what?” I asked, rather tired of the
details.

  “At ‘Shadow Island’,” Destanne bit out
grimly, “we found Hell.”

  The great airliner was already shaking
with the pulsations of its powerful engines.
A last passenger arrived followed by a
white-coated steward. The roaring of the
engines rapidly grew in intensity; soon we
would be taking off and anything resembling
conversation would be drowned out by the
ear-aching thunder.

  “But Sibyl?” I shouted.

  Destanne shot me a brow-lifted smile.
“Don’t worry too much about Sibyl,” he
said, in a shout that was scarcely audible.
“If we use our heads we can beat those
devils. Guess I’ll go turn in. This roaring
doesn’t bother you so much after a time—
restful.”

  The smoking-room jolted slightly as if
shaken by a mild earthquake. We were
under way.
THE AIR-PLANT MEN

743

CHAPTER III.

The Menace of the Air-Plant Men

Nightmare hours slid by. i was m.

Sleeping became gasps of dreaming
horror. The cachet of tissue-wrapped clove-
perfumed gauze which the steward brought
me, did little to relieve my illness although
it was highly recommended as a preventive
of airsickness.

  And my mental state was even more un-
happy than my physical condition. What,
exactly, was the peril which threatened
Sibyl? What was the connection between
the air-plant men and the ‘Death Lily?
How did the air-plant men intend to launch
their attack against humanity ? Would they
begin by wrecking the airliner upon which
we were travelling? These, and a thousand
other questions went racing through my
mind during those semi-delirious hours.

  But at last I 3lept. When 1 woke, Des-
tanne was bending over me. The motors
of the airliner no longer roared. The port-
giass of my cabin was a disk of brilliant
turquoise. The room flooded with sunlight.

  “Come along, Roger. Shake it up,” the
Doctor was saying. “This is Batamano and
the launch is waiting to take us ashore.”
Batamano, I learned as I dressed, was a
fishing village on the Isla of Batamano. This
was the Caribbean, upon its deep blue water
the great airliner rested, and the splashes
of dazzling whiteness which dotted it were
the sails of myriad sponge-fishing craft. We
were within fifteen miles of “Shadow Is-
land.”

  “You slept like the proverbial log,” Des-
tanne told me. “Here, climb into this.
We’re getting pretty close now.”

  From a chair beside me, he lifted a suit
of steel chainmesh to which a massive steel
collar, similar to the one he was wearing,
was attached. “You missed Miami and all
the rest,” he said. “Just as well though.”
Almost unnoticed by our fellow passen-
gers, we clambered down the swinging gang-
way to the waiting launch. The body of
the amphibian airliner stood tall above us
as Destanne introduced me to the three

bronzed men who helped us into the wab-
bling launch.

  “Pedro is the mechanic,” b<» explained.
“Henrique they call ‘El Practico’, the pilot,
and Francisco—well, he’s just excess bag-
gage. He owns the launch.”

  Sturdy, sun-tanned fishermen, they were
fearless enough and square. They knew of
the peril which lurked around “Shadow Is-
land” but were indifferent to it. They laugh-
ed heartily at the chainmesh, collar and gog-
gles we wore. And as they stowed the
heavy trunk Destanne had brought, said they
wished for nothing better than their
machetes.

  “That reminds me,” put in the Doctor
hurriedly. “Stick one under your own belt,
Roger, right now. The moment you find
yourself within striking distance of one of
the tentacles don’t hesitate, just whack.”

  I took the barbarous weapon reluctantly.
Such things, I thought, were good for cutting
sugar-cane, but not quite the weapon for a
civilized man. I was glad I had slipped a
.45 automatic into my shoulder holster when
I left New York.

  We w’ere by now leaving the indigo bay of
the Plava of Batamano and entering the
greener waters of the open sea. Eagerly we
scanned the blazing sky for a sign of a
hovering scout of the air-plant men. There
were none.

  “You will find the goggles a great help,”
the Doctor told me. “The lenses are slightly
tinted and act as color-screens to a certain
extent. I’ve found the air-plant men are ex-
perts at hiding in a clear sky by chameleon-
like color changes. The balloon-like part,
too, is often quite transparent and scarcely
more tenuous than a cloud of smoke.”

«'VT7’ HAT,” I asked, “are the air-plant

  ▼ t men?”

  “Now you’ve asked me something,” an-
swered the Doctor gravely. “My opinions
are formed from observations made during
a hurried and very harassing encounter—
Yes, very. This is what I suspect.

  “Their amazing intelligence, their physi-
cal and mental make-up, everything about
them, suggests that instead of being the
devilish octopus-like creature which we are
744

WONDER STORIES

by circumstances forced to think them, they
are much more highly developed than we
are. Therein lies their deadly menace.

  “Going back a little, you will remember
that our earth has been ruled from time to
time by varying types of creatures. Each of
these was replaced by newer, more efficient
ones until, climbing the evolutionary scale,
we find man dominating the scene.

  “Good. Now we know the part evolution
played in these changes and the extent they
were hurried along by the sudden mutations
of radically new types. Also, that each of
the creatures to dominate the scene—even
man himself—put in a first appearance as
an almost defenseless creature.

  “For ages man survived as a weak and un-
important inhabitant before he stepped up
to anything like a dominant place. So weak
was he that, if the creatures then dominat-
ing had even guessed that he was to be their
successor, they could have wiped him out
in a day.

  “Judging, then, by what had gone before,
the fact is pertinent that the creature which'
is to replace man must be already somewhere
on this earth of ours. By now, man’s suc-
cessor must be gaining a foothold. By now,
some mutation or some amazingly new
branch of-—of man himself, possibly, must
be somewhere hiding and growing, furtive
and hunted most likely, but gaining strength
for the overthrow of the very parent from
which he sprang.”

  Destanne lapsed into speculative silence.

  “And you infer that these air-plant men
are our superiors?” I asked, with some heat.

  “Possibly, possibly,” Destanne murmured,
quite unmoved. “Don’t rush to conclusions,
Roger. I believe I’m correct when I say
that their superiority—intellectual superior-
ity—is almost beyond our grasp. Of course,
I’m puzzled. But that balloon-shaped body
of theirs suggests a head—an awe-inspiring,
skull-less brain. Their multiple eye sug-
gests something, too. You’ve noticed that
it isn’t a mechanical contrivance like the
multiple eye of a fly. Each pair of eyes is
an individual, characteristic, independent
affair.”

THROUGH my goggles, I had been
watching the blue Jiorizon of a placid
sea. High above us, a single saber-winged
bird soared. From beside me, came the idle
slap of wavelets against the bow of the
launch and the put-puttering of the asth-
matic motor. A blazing tropic sun hung in
the western sky, but the heat continued to
be intense. Blistering heat. A tranquil
sea. And a light breeze at our backs, oven-
hot.

  “Hot enough to hatch devils,” I comment-
ed.

  “Man,” Destanne reminded me, with ex-
asperating calm, “had his origin in warm
climates.”

  “Nonsense,” I exclaimed. “You’ve let
this heat and the idea of these things run
away with your imagination. They’re new.
They’re unpleasant to deal with, like an
octopus or a shark; but they’re far from
being what you think them to be.”

  Directly ahead of us, land showed as a
short, black line thickening the horizon. A
shadowy line that would have been scarcely
visible had it not been for a growth of palm
trees whiskering one end of it.

  “If I’m not mistaken—our destination,” I
announced.

  Destanne nodded agreement. “Shadow
Island,” he said, a touch of awe in his
voice.

  “Right,” I said, fingering the .45 auto-
matic under my armpit, and cursing the
heat and the chainmesh. “It is, eh? Well,
if Sibyl’s there, held by man or superman,
I intend to find her and bring her back—
or raise Hell trying.”

  Destanne shot me a quick glance; smiled
slightly at my enthusiasm—a trifle sadly,
I thought. His manner galled me unreason-
ably. I pointed at the wretched little cayo
we were now rapidly approaching.

  “Sibyl’s there,” I said. “For some rea-
son I don’t doubt that. That she’s being
kept there by force in the manner you sug-
gest, is another thing. You’ve been pre-
cious quiet as to how and why these so-
called air-plant men, are doing it.”

  = “I really don’t know,” Destanne said
meekly. “At the time we were seized and I
managed to hew my way out with a machete,
THE AIR-PLANT MEN

745

it seemed to me that the air-plant men han-
dled Sibyl with the greatest care. Carlos,
the boatman we had hired to come with us,
they smashed to a pulp in something less
than ten seconds. '

  We were close in now and headed for a
beach where a sunparched sand bank of
dazzling whiteness drifted down almost to
the waters' edge. A barren shore, spotty
with scraggly bunch-grass. and away to our
left a stretch of saltmarsh. mangrove-cov-
ered.

  “Not a sign of life,” I commented, stand-
ing up in the bow of the launch and tempted
to tear off the metal collar which, under the
sun’s scorching rays, fairly seared my neck.
“I wouldn't be surprise^ if Sibyl—”

  I broke off abruptly.

  Above the crest of the hogback of sand
directly before us, something rose slowly.
Like a semi-transparent blue bubble it lifted
against the skyline until it was just clear
of the sandy range. It was roughly pear-
shaped, some twenty feet tall by fifteen
wide.

  For a moment it remained, silent and mo-
tionless; then it sank behind the ridge. And
I stood gaping and speechless and filled
with the suspicion that I had been stared
at and inspected by some lethargic giant
who had merely lifted his head and peered
at me over the ridge.

        CHAPTER IV.
        A Horrible Plan

<< A LOOK-OUT, probably,” said Doctor

  xa. Destanne.

  I turned to find Francisco was examining
his machete, grim-lipped. Henrique was at
the helm, whispering to himself in Spanish
but keeping the launch on its course. We
were headed straight for the beach which
was now less than a hundred yards away.

  “Will they attack us when we land, do
you think?” I asked, suddenly feeling very
weak and helpless.

  “That remains to be seen,” replied Des-
tanne. “I doubt it, for we are to windward
of them. We came up on them from that
direction because I’ve found that their

flight isn’t well controlled. They seem to
rise by inflating themselves with some very
light gas, internally produced and probably
heated. Their direction appeared to me to
be largely a matter of selecting the right
air currents—like a balloonist. Although,
sometimes I suspect they are able to rocket
themselves for short distances by the ejec-
tion of air from tiny openings placed on
their under surfaces.”

  Henrique shut off the motor. The launch
drifted silently forward, until it nosed softly
onto the sand at the water’s edge. Only the
pouring of the waves and the long-drawn
hiss of sand-laden water disturbed the utter
silence.

  Doctor Destanne was the first to spring
ashore. I followed quickly after him, and
Francisco and Pedro brought up the rear.

  I was intent upon watching the place at
which the air-plant men had peered at us.
For this reason I scarcely noticed that the
two fishermen were carrying ashore the
trunk Destanne had brought along.

  We were climbing the ridge by that time
and I was too busy struggling up the steep
sandy wall to comment on the matter.

  This embankment was less than twenty
feet high but steep—unnaturally steep, I
thought. Every step of our climb was a
sweating agony. Many a time'the crumb*
ling and uncertain surface gave way beneath
us and we slid to the bottom.

  But eventually we gazed over the crest
and over the amazing expanse which formed
the interior of the island. Roughly circular
it was, at least a mile in diameter, and deep,
like the crater of an extinct volcano.

  The similarity ceased at that though, for
as I was quick to realize, the whole struc-
ture was artificial. The entire area had been
scooped out to a depth of some thirty feet.
The ground was approximately fifty feet
below us.

  And it was cultivated ground, watered
seemingly from a meagre stream which
emerged by way of the mangrove swamp.
Without pathway or trial, a single field
close-covered with a pale blue flower, it was
one sweep of blue—a pastel, dainty hue.

  “The ‘Death Lily’,” murmured Destanne.
“The feeding ground.”
746

WONDER STORIES

  I blinked and then saw what before I had
thought was simply the result of atmospheric
heat waves. The air above the field was
shimmering as if heated air were flowing
into the cooler space above the moist
ground.

  I saw now that the shimmering had a de-
finite pattern. It was like a roof over the
field; a roof formed by a myriad glass
domes built row after row. Domes—glass
globes, solidly massed. Huge bubbles—
air-plant men. Millions of them—their ten-
tacles spread out upon the ground amongst
the flowers.

  “Feeding,” said Destanne slowly. “I’m
not quite sure it’s that, either. Notice the
absence of perfume? The air should be
positively reeking with it. I suppose they
absorb that perfume—and maybe some in-
finitely subtle and essential gases with it”

  I was staring, drymouthed, paying little
heed as Destanne iambled on: “The neces-
sities of their existence—air and water and
the perfume of the ‘Death Lily’. The latter
they seem to need only occasionally, I sus-
pect they take it in large, periodic doses.”

MY glance had been wandering far and
near for a sign of Sibyl. I had hoped
to find her—if Destanne had told me the
facts—wandering along the beach. My
plans, scant as they had been, were to circle
the island and perhaps find Sibyl waiting for
us.

  Now it seemed to me Sibyl must indeed
be lost. What were we against this multi-
tude of super-powerful, super-intelligent
creatures?

  Destanne was silent, and I was wrapped
in thoughts of the most melancholy nature
as we stared out across that vast blue field.
Perspiration trickled under our goggles. It
streamed beneath our metal collars.

  Then, as if my worst fears had suddenly
materialized, I saw Sibyl! Clear and plain
I saw her. She was some three hundred
yards to our left, supine as if resting. With
the glasses that Destanne handed me I saw
how death-like was the marble pullor of her
cheek.

  Stifling a shout, I seized Destanne by the

arm. He saw her and his face became tenses
with the realization of her danger.

  “If we go along this side,” he said, point-
ing at the beach, “we might—”

  Without waiting for words, I slid down
to the beach. Ran, with the Doctor stumb-
ling after me; ran, until I believed I was
opposite the spot where Sibyl lay. Then I
climbed like a crazy ant up the embank-
ment until I again reached its crest.

  A scrap of white paper like a pale pen-
nant faced me. It had been wedged into
the end of a short, split stock which was
planted on the embankment. Sibyl’s hand-
writing—

  “If you come:*’—the words spun dizzily
before my eyes as I crouched and read on.
“At first I was dreadfully frightened. They
seemed such unnatural, ghastly creatures,
these air-plant men.

  “But I learned to understand them. Their
multiplex personality puzzled me. The idea
of a compound creature using a community
brain was appalling. It was hard to under-
stand how a group could live on indefinitely
by subjugating the personalities of its mem-
bers.

  “Doctor Destanne called them the ‘Air-
plant Men’. He was nearly correct—except
that each one is a composite of many mem-
bers. In our struggle to escape, the Doctor
shot at the group which attacked us. His
shot killed one of its members. The group'
immediately sloughed off the dead mem-
ber and prepared to absorb a younger one
as a replacement.

  “In some way not clear to me, they have
selected me to be the replacement. I am
to be absorbed and adopted as a member of
the group which attacked Doctor Destanne.

I understand my body will be unnecessary.

  “My mind, entirely different in its views
from the usual run of air-plant folk, is con-
sidered a very valuable asset—a stimulant
to the group. The absorption of it will take
time—possibly—”

  As if the paper had suddenly become a
/enomous reptile, I cast it from me; pounded
it into the sand with my clenched fist.
THE AIR-PLANT MEN

747

The Rescue!

AGAIN I stared at SibyL, down there
among the “Death Lilies”. Her face
was pale and upturned, eyes closed as if in
sleep. Her khaki shirt was open at the
throat; khaki breeches and leggings, sand-
dusted. She might have been a corpse—
yet I knew life still lingered in that sweet
face, that a heart still pulsed in that sand-
sprinkled form.

  The thought sent me berserk. Heedless
©f the myriad eyes I knew must be staring
at me, I sprang to ray feet. Gun tight-
clasped in ray fist, I rushed down the em-
bankment. Seven leaping strides, and I
struck bottom.

  Sibyl was at my feet and above me loomed
great globular forms. I could see them
more clearly now. Like captive balloons
tipped by the sunlight they swayed, held
down by a forest of taut tentacles. Tenta-
cles that moved and reached out for me.

  A single, sinuous arm slithered serpent-
like across the white throat of Sibyl. An-
other, like a snake of soft glass, was brush-
ing my face.

  In a flash I had the machete out. Hack-
hack, the razor-edged blade bit through the
yielding stuff. Hack-hack, and with each
blow, severed ends twisted and contracted
like chopped eels.

  A moment of madness, an instant of strug-
gling, and I had Sibyl slung over my shoul-
der, her ankles crooked under my gun arm.
Her head was hanging down across my back.
How slight she was! How limp! But alive
yet. I knew that by her very limpness—
by a magnetic warmth.

  An arm, a powerful constricting arm,
closed around my throat; began lifting with
power tremendous. Thwack, the blade of
my machete rang with the very swiftness of
the blow. Thwack, the handle tingled in
my fingers. Ten feet of severed tentacle
writhed about me, then hung still and flac-
cid.

  I faced the steep slope of the fifty-foot
embankment. Behind me, the air was thick
with a lashing, writhing movement; heavy
v/ilh a sense of soundless commotion.

Up and up 1 climbed, the blood mist of

desperation thick before my eyes. Up and
up.

  The inner side of the embankment was
smooth, moist and firm, due to some extent,
perhaps, to the proximity of the damp, cul-
tivated land. It offered a reasonable foot-
hold. Fighting for breath I reached the
crest. Destanne was waiting there, machete
in hand.

  “Down,” he yelled, pointing toward the
launch. “I’ll cover the rear.”

  One step I took, then toboganned to the
beach in a welter of dry sand; straightened
up and began staggering off in the direction
of the launch.

  I could see Henrique in the launch. He
was waving his arms wildly. His suntanned
figure was black against the sky. His
screamed words came to me in garbled
Spanish that was meaningless.

  Then a faint shadow, indistinct as the
shadow of a passing cloud, swept over me.
I could hear Destanne shout. A shot rang
out. But I staggered on, heels deep-sunk in
the sand.

  The shadow passed. It was before me
now stretched over the whiteness of the
beach. Lashing tentacles, hissing like whip-
lashes, cut the air over my head. Swiftly
the thing bore down on the launch.

  Henrique had ceased waving his arms.
He stood now quite still, one foot resting on
the boat’s gunwale. Chest out. Machete
flashing.

  But the enraged air-plant man was too
quick for him. A flick of a tentacle and a
jerk. One moment Henrique hung high in
the air, his arms gallows-twitching, legs
dancing on air, head twisted, neck broken;
the next, he was falling like a dropped
weight, feet-foremost, into the blue water
beneath him.

FROM somewhere not far behind me,
came shouts of encouragement from
Destanne. They seemed to me to be strange-
ly out of place. The creature that had mur-
dered Henrique was still floating high over
the launch. Soon a horde of them would
spring upon us fiom behind the embank-
ment. Henrique’s fate had been merely a
74$

WONDER STORIES

demonstration of what was in store for each
of us.

  Nevertheless, I plunged on toward the
launch. A man struggling for a hopeless
cause, my feet sank deeper with every stride.
My strength was lessening with each gasp-
ing breath.

  A little to my left, I saw Pedro and Fran-
cisco were also making for the launch. Until
now they had been crouching in a hole they
had dug at the base of the embankment.
They came running now and pointing up-
ward at the evening sky.

  Were the air-plant men even now assemb-
ling their hordes above us? I gave one
swift, despairing glance upward. Only a
sky of cloudless blue was there. For some
reason I did not understand, the air-plant
man which had attacked Henrique was rap-
idly swinging off inland.

* * * *

  In a huddle of striving humanity we met
at the launch. “The breeze,” Destanne was
saying. “Thank Heavens it’s holding. Had
to go. See?” He pointed at the air-plant
man drifting swiftly inland. “Couldn’t hold
his position with this light breeze blowing.”

  Francisco got the motor ready as I placed
Sibyl tenderly in the vessel’s stern and took
my place beside her. The girl seemed to be
sleeping. Destanne was grasping a slender
wire to which what appeared to be a battery
box and a switch was attached. The wire
stretched from the still motionless craft to
a point far up the beach.

  Then, like a wall of transparent ice, the
air-plant men rose above the embankment.
A faint breeze still blew in from the ocean.
The air was clear and flooded with long rays
of a lowering sun. So clear was it, I thought
of it as translucent water and the hordes of
air-plant men that were rising beyond the
ridge, as gigantic jelly-fish that floated;
whilst we, infinitesimal creatures, were
doomed to crawl over a strange ocean’s floor.

  Destanne was squatting on a seat; the
switch-box in his lap. One arm he raised
in a signal to Francisco who waited, hand on
the starter.

  With a hissed word of command, the lit-
tle biologist snapped his arm down; shot
the switch over.

  The mighty roar which followed shook
the launch, rocked the island, and blotted
out the sunlight.

  “Madre de Dios”, I heard Francisco
groan, as the chug-a-chug-chug of the
launch's motor bit into the ear-throbbing
silence that followed that blast. The buried
trunk had been dynamite packed, I under-
stood that now.

  Sand-clouded darkness was all about us
as we left “Shadow Island". The sea around
us was pelted for miles with the rain of fall-
ing debris.

  “The embankment,” Destanne said, after
awhile, “it’s broken.” Then, abruptly:
“Well, well, if Sibyl isn’t wide awake once
more. Don’t be alarmed Sibyl, I think
we’ve beaten them.”

  The girl rolled her head from side to side.
“A little water, nothing more,” said Destan-
ne. “Come along, Roger, snap out of it.
There’s a canteen beside you.”

  Clumsily I lifted the canteen to Sibyl’s
lips and she swallowed a little of the luke-
warm fluid; rested her head on my shoul-
der again and closed her eyes.

  Swiftly the launch was nosing into the
breeze and we sped away from “Shadow
Island”. The place we left behind us was
a smoking wreck. Above it, high above it,
rose tier upon tier the floating hordes of the
air-plant men. Slowly they were drifting
away from us, driven by the westerly
breeze, they sped eastward. Tier upon tier
they rose, a golden argosy of strange and
scintillating beauty which towered far into
the cloudless sky. Their uppermost mem-
bers were caught in the crimson streaks- of
sunlight which marked them against the sky
as golden bubbles. Where would they go
next? I wondered, as I glanced at Destanne.

  “Their feeding ground flooded, destroy-
ed,” he said, noting my glance. “Mighty
good thing for us the direction of the wind
makes it impossible for them to overtake us
for some time.” He pased, then: “My ori-
ginal plan wras to dynamite their feeding
ground whilst they were heavy under the
influence of the perfume which plays such
an important part in their lives.”

  “The stuff must leave them groggy,” I
commented.
THE AIR-PLANT MEN

749

  “Precisely. An essential food to them,
just the same. Brisson has arranged for
the destruction of the smaller beds they were
establishing throughout the Southern
States.”

  “Which will leave them quite defeated?”
I asked-.

  "I hardly think so. They are marvellous
balloonists,—tireless, effortless motion. They
will establish new grounds. Central Amer-
ica, perhaps, or even Africa. Wherever the
‘Death Lily’ will flourish. Defeated now
but a menace to posterity."

  We lapsed into silence. The last of the
air-plant men were vanishing into the shad-

ows far astern. Slap-slap, the waves bounc-
ed the bow of the launch, and flew past us
in threads of white spume.

  Sibyl sighed and stirred restfully. I moved
a trifle. Something was tangled around my
feet.

  Destanne followed my movements; he
bent over and picked up one end of a ten-
foot length of what looked like cable. Limp
and dry, it hung from his hand, slick-sur-
faced.

  ‘“Obviously a vegetable tendril,” he
chuckled, with a knowing smile, as he twist-
ed the thing into a seamanlike coil. “If
you don't mind, I’ll keep this—er, piece of
liana vine.”

THE END.

What Is Your Knowledge of
SCIENCE?

Test Yourself By This Questionnaire

1.	What is the proportion of the weight of the hydrogen electron to the atom?

      (Page 6341

2.	What is meant by the color “black”? (Page 637)

3.	What is Newtons Third La* of Motion? How does it act in a rocket?

      (Page 638)

4.	What would happen to a body on the earth’s surface if suddenly freed of grav-

      ity? (Page 639)

5.	What is ectogenesis? < Page 672)

6.	What is agar? (Page 702I

7.	What are the approxmate wavelengths of the limits of the visible light spec-

       trum? In what classifications are the waves shorter than visible light placed?
       (Page 703)

8.	What is the greatest and the shortest distance between Earth and Venus?

      (Page 718).

9.	What are the speeds of Earth and Venus in their orbits? (Page 723)

10. How much would 120 pounds of earth weight be on Venus? (Page 731)
750

WONDER STORIES

The End of Time

  {Continued from Page 679)

familiar. It had the musty look peculiar
to parliamentary chambers, and by the fix-
tures I knew that I had seen it before in
pictures. I had even visited its modern
counterpart. Rows of chairs were placed
facing a dais, row on row, one above the
other, as in a theatre. To one side sat a
man with a gavel, dressed in the long frock
coat, the stiff-bosomed shirt, the open col-
lar and the soft black silk necktie of an-
other generation. And in the center of the
room stood another man, dressed like the
chairman; a tall, heavy-set, severe-looking
individual, with a brow like the dome of
Saint Peter’s, and the jaw of a mastiff. The
man was speaking in a rich, sonorous, voice,
slowly, distinctly. The audience paid him
the tribute of hushed attention.

  “In this respect, sir,” he was saying, with
a note of satire in his mellow, resonant,
voice, “I have a great advantage over the
honorable gentleman. There is nothing
here, sir”—and he placed his hand over his
heart—■“which gives me the slightest un-
easiness; neither fear, nor anger, nor that
which is sometimes more troublesome than
either, the consciousness of having been in
the wrong—”

  And so it went on, this stately, courteous
debate of a bygone day. There was some-
thing familiar about the speaker’s face and
words. I recognized the old senate cham-
ber, pictures of which I had studied; and
then it all came to me in a flash.

  “My God!” I exclaimed. “It’s Webster
beginning his reply to Hayne!” I knew the
opening words, which I had studied years
before, in which the great orator laid spec-
ial emphasis upon Hayne’s use of the word
“here”—with its accompanying gesture of
indicating the heart.

  I was standing listening to the beginning
of the greatest extemporaneous speech ever
made in the United States. And then sud-
denly I remember something else. “Web-
ber spoke steadily for twenty-four hours!”

I said to myself. “I mu3t get out of here
before Brown regains consciousness and
kills me with contempt!”

  Slowly ray historical knowledge came
back to me. The reply to Hayne was de-
livered at the end of January, 1830. I had
overshot my mark by exactly one century!
“Not so bad for an amateur, in a space of
seven million years,” I said aloud, as I
turned the control and the senate chamber
and the majestic speaker faded from view.

  To come to my own century, my own
year, was the work of a fraction of a mo-
ment. As the familiar cavern formed itself
around the crystal globe, as the lights stop-
ped glowing, and the vibration ceased, I
breathed a prayer of gratitude to the des-
tiny which had brought me safely back to
my own world and my own time.

  I held a vial of smelling salts under
Brown’s nose. He moved his head feebly
in an effort to avoid the pungent odor, and
opened his eyes. “All out,” I quoted,
taking unfair advantage of a wounded man,
“this is as far as we go.”

  I dragged him fiom the machine and out
into the cavern. He looked around, noted
the familiar surroundings, and thanked me
with a look. “Well,” I said, “can I operate
that machine, or not? Where would you
be without me? Do you realize you’ve
been unconscious since we left—that is, for
seven million years?”

  In spite of his pain, Brown smiled faint-
ly. “You’re all right,” he whispered. And
that was the greatest compliment I ever re-
ceived from the master of time.

  Many a time I was tempted to tell him
I had seen and heard Daniel Webster, a man
whom he had never seen and never heard.
But that would have made me subject again
to his satirical remarks on my abilities.
And after all, how do I know he has never
seen and heard Webster? With a man like
Brown one can never be sure of anything—
unless it be the certainty of adventure such
as the world has never known.

THE END
WONDER STORIES

751

The Silent Scourge

  (Continued from Page 697)

Innately involved with the manufacture of
the XY gas by the government that as far
as possible it has been minimized. No ob-
jection was made to the publication of this
account, however, as long as no details of
certain confidential matters were given.

  Benson is very modest as to his part in
the campaign against the millipedes. He
assert9 that it was purely accidental that
he was placed in a position where he re-
ceived credit that w'as equally due a number
of other men. He accepted under protest
the special medal voted by Congress.

  Assurances have been given by the Chem-
ical Warfare Division that precautions will
be observed in the future manufacture of
the XY gas which will make any repetition

of the tragedy impossible. Meanwhile
scientists are somewhat disgruntled be be-
cause the government refuses to furnish any
of the X-substance for experimental pur-
poses. They consider it of the highest
scientific importance that the reason for its
astounding effect on the millipedes be in-
vestigated. They believe such research
would bring them appreciably nearer to the
solution of the fundamental problems of
biology.

  Evidently the government thinks that
certain practical considerations are more
important. At any rate, it is at the present
time observing absolute silence in regard
to the X-substance. In response to recent
inquiries it has even denied any knowledge
of its existence.

THE END.

MARVELOUS! THE BEST YET!

are the verdicts of our readers greeting

Otfrid Von Hanstein’s

new full-length interplanetary novel

  "Between Earth and Moon”

    Letters of praise for this extraordinary story of daring, courage, despair and mad-
ness on the moon’s bleak surface, come pouring in to us. Not only are the scenes
depicted masterly by Mr. Hanstefn so realistic that they actually live, but the terrible
struggles of our three heroic explorers becomes as pages torn from actual lives.
Imagine two reporters and one young scientist trying to conquer the devastating forces
of a dead world. Will ruthless nature win out, or will man's heroism and his in-
domnitable grit pull him through?

    We offer in addition in the

Fall 1930 Wonder Stories Quarterly

   “THE SECRET OF THE TOMB,” a mystery of the past and th« future, of old
Egypt and of world-shaking power, by R. Crossley Arnold.

   "THE ISLAND OF TERROR" is the offering of Ransome Sutton, an acknowledged
scientific authority who tells us in a gripping tale of the strange creatures that Nature
produces in her ri»elting pot of species and races.

   "THE STRUGGLE FOR NEPTUNE" is Henrik Dahl Juve’s exciting sequel to his
"Monsters of Neptune." He shows us how, by the power of his intelligence, it is possible
for a single unarmed man to dominate an entire race on a monster planet.

    "An ATOMIC ADVENTURE'' is Doctor William I^emkin’s offering to the galaxy of
stars in this issue. Here is a most unusual story that we venture to say will keep
every one wondering until he has read two thousand words.

All These and More in the

FALL 1930 WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

Now On Sale At All Newsstands
Science Questions
and Answers

THIS department is conducted for the benefit of readers who have pertinent Queries on modern scientific
facts. As space is limited we cannot undertake to answer more than three auestion for each letter.
The flood of correspondence received makes it impractical, also to print answers as soon as wo receive
questions. However, questions of general interest will receive careful attention.

                 ASSOCIATE SCIENCE EDITORS

 ASTRONOMY
 Professor Samuel G. Barton

  Flower Observatory, University of
  Pennsylvania.

  Dr. Clyde Fisher, Ph.D., LL.D.

  Curator. The American Museum of
  Natural History.

  Professor Willem J. Luyten, Ph.D.

  Harvard College Observatory.

 ASTROPHYSICS
 Donald H. Menzcl, Ph.D.

  Lick University, University of
  California.

 AVIATION
 Major William A. Bevan,

B.S., M.S.. M.E.

  Air Corps Reserve, Professor Aer-
  onautical Engineering. Iowa
  State College.

  Professor Earl D. Hay.

B.S., M.S., M.E.

  Head Department Mechanical and
  Industrial Engineering and Pro-
  fessor of Aeronautics, Univer-
  sity of Kansas.

  Professor George J. Higgins,

B.S. Aero. Eng.

  Associate Professor Aeronautical
  Engineering. University of De-
  troit.

Professor Felix W. Pawlowski,

                 M. & E.E., M.S.
 Department of Aeronautical En-
 gineering. University of Michi-
 gan.

Professor John E. Younger,

                   B.S.. M.S., Ph.D.
  Dept. Mechanical Engineering,
  University of California.

         BOTANY
Professor Elmer G. Campbell
Transylvania College.

Professor Margaret Clay Fergmmo,
Ph.D. Wellesley College
Professor C. E. Owens
Oregon Agricultural College
CHEMISTRY
Professor Gerald Wendt

 Dean, School of Chemistry and
   Physics, Pennsylvania State
   College.

        ELECTRICITY
Professor F. E. Austin

  Formerly of Dartmouth College.

       ENTOMOLOGY
William M. Wheeler
Dean. Bussey Institution for Re-
search in Applied Biology, Har-
vard University.

        MATHEMATICS
Professor C. Irwiii Palmer

 Dean "-of Students,

 Armour Institute of Technology*
 Professor James Byrnie Shaw

 University of Illinois.

 Professor Waldo A. Titsworth, S.M»

 Alfred University.

         MEDICINE
Dr. David H. Keller

 Western State Hospital.

PHYSICS AND RADIO
Dr. Lee deForest, Ph.D., D.Sc.

         PHYSICS
 Professor A. L. Fitch

 University of Maine.

        PSYCHOLOGY
Dr. Marjorie E. Babcock

 Acting Director. Psychological
 Clinic. University of Hawaii.

        ZOOLOGY
Dr. Joseph G. Yoshioka

 Yale University.

These nationally-known educators pass upon the scientific principles of all
stories.

Frigid Space

Editor. Science Questions and Answers:

  How do scientists know that space is frigid! Is it
because the higher one goes the colder it becomes,
and therefore when one gets well away from the earth
it is intensely oold? I would appreciate the answer
to this puxsling affair.

                      Ronald Small,

                    601 West 173 St.,

                    New York City.

  (To answer this question, we must first get clear
what is meant by temperature. Let u« suppose that
we place a thermometer on a body whose temperature
we wish to measure. The thermometer shows 50
degrees centigrade. What we have really measured is
the temperature of the thermometer, because we have
waited until the temperature of the thermometer is
steady, and therefore the thermometer has reached
the same temperature as the body we arc observing.

  We can only measure the temperature of material
bodies, such m gases, liquids and solids. We can no
more measure the temperature of space than we can
measure the temperature of time.

  It follows, then, that empty space with no material
such as gases, liquids or solids in it has no tempera-
ture, and if we were to take a thermometer out into
space we would measure the temperature of the ther-
mometer itself.

  What happens to a body in empty space is this:
it has in the beginning its own intrinsic heat. It
receives heat from every body in space that is radiat-
ing, and it radiates heat itsdf. Now the temperature
that a small Mr will have in empty space will de-
pend on how much heat it receives and absorbs and

how much it radiates away. The reason why a human
being would perish in open space is that the side of
him that is toward the sun would be warmed, but
before the heat could penetrate through his body to
tho sunless side, he would have radiated enough heat
away to make him frigidly cold. Even a body like
Mercury, which can be considered in empty space,
has its sunny 3ide unbearably hot, and its sunless
side intensely cold.

  So we cannot speak of the temperature of space, we
can only speak of the temperature of bodies that are
in empty space, and we can speak of how hot tMy"
are by considering how much heat tr. receive and
how much they lose—Editor.)

The Wonder Tube of Iiadio

Editor, Science Questions and Answers:

  There is one particular thing of interest to me, a
paragraph entitled, ‘‘Magic Radio Tube Works Won-
ders' ; and in it you state the various wonderful
things that this Radio Tube has done, and that “El-
evators can be leveled with quick accuracy."

  Now I am very interested m elevators, or lifts »a
we call them, and I am writing to ask you how this
system of levelling by means of this radio tube works.
Any information, however small, would be greatly
appreciated by me, and I sincerely hope you will bo
able to furnish me with many particulars.

  I may also say that your magazine has afforded
me many hours of enjoyable reading, and may I
wish you and your publications every sucoess.

                   Frank Wm. M. Pick,

                      Gilste&d, Yorkshire, England.

752
WONDER STORIES

753

  (The self-leveling; of elevators is accomplished by
the use of a photoelectric cell with a suitable relay.
The pressure of a button lights a lamp opposite the
floor level desired; when the photoelectric cell, set
under the car, comes opposite this signal lamp, it
passes a current which operates a relay and stops the
car. The principle is simple; its application, of course,
is a task to be worked out very carefully by engineers.
In many of the apartment buildings in this city
there are no elevator attendants; the passenger steps
in, presses a button designating the desired floor. The
door closes automatically; the elevator moves up or
down to the desired floor, stops and levels itself, and
the door opens again. If the button is pressed from
another floor, the elevator closes itself and descends
or ascends to the desired level. A similalr device
has been installed among the bookstacks of the
Library of Congress, at Washington, for the use of
the librarians traveling between different levels.

  This type of photoelectric cell is the alkaline hydride
tube type. The old selenium cell is very efficient, but
takes a somewhat longer time to react to a change
in light. The photoelectric phenomenon is the basis
also of television, now being demonstrated in England
by Mr. Baird, and here by several experimenters.—
Editor.)

The Weight of the Brain

Editor, Science Questions
and Answers:

  What is the weight of
the human brain? Does
it differ for men and
women? What percent-
age is it of the total
weight of the body ?

       George Willner,
       Sunnyside, L. I.,
       New York.

  (The accepted weight
says Arthur MacDonald,
anthropologist of Wash
ington, D, C., of the hu
man brain is 49 ounces
which is 2.37 per cent, of
the weight of the entire
body. From 11,000 brains
weighed, Topinard, an au-
thority on the question
found an average weight

of 1,361 grams, or 48
ounces for the brain of
the male and 45Vi ounces
for the brain of the fe
male. Of the total weight
of brain, the "grey mat-
ter” represents 37 to 38
per cent.—Editor.)

  In the diagram R ia
the star whose distance is
desired. On January 1
the angle is taken between
R and a remotely distant
fixed star. The same read
ing is taken six months
later when the earth is
186,000,000 miles from
its previous position. The
angle C is thus found and
knowing the distance El,
E‘2, the stars distance can
be calculated.

How Zeppelins Descend

Editor, Science Questions and An*%cert

  Would you mind letting me know, how the descent
to earth of a lighter-than-air ship x*pp,»Iin or blimp)
is accomplished? I understand that as long as an
airship is lighter than air. it remains up or keeps
ascending. How can it be made >■> come down? I
mean this: Is it the motion of th» propellers that
pushes it down or what is it? A general explanation
will be sufficient, for all I want to know is the cause
of the descent.

G. Cataldt.

                    P. O. Box 237.

                       Springfield, Ma&s

  (A power-driven Zeppelin or blimp, the lame as an
airplane, has at its tail a rudder that can move in a
vertical plane, in other words up or down from the
horizontal. If the Zeppelin is moving straight ahead
and wishes to descend, the rudder (or “elevator" as it
is called) is depressed. In other words it inclines
downward. The air that rushes at it therefore tends
to give an upward impetus to the elevator and there*
fore to the tail.

  Since the tail is raised, the nose points downward
and the craft can descend. The reverse is used if the
craft wishes to rise. A Zeppelin or blimp has its
structure so adjuBted that when it is fully loaded it
just floats in the air. In other words, under such
conditions a single man could hold up a giant Zeppelin.
Therefore the Zeppelin neither rises nor, descends by
virtue of ita buoyancy, the buoyancy merely gives it
the power to remain in the air without movinr.
—Editor)

Measuring the Distances of Stars

Editor, Science Questions ami Answers:

There are a few questions I would like to ask your

  1.	Is the sun's energy conveyed to the earth by
light rays which, on striking the earth's atmosphere
are converted into heat waves?

  2.	Are all the stars restricted to slight movement
with regard to the earth? If not, how can the tri-
angulation method of finding the distance of a star
be used ? For certainly the .star would have changed
itB position considerably in six months?

                       George Currie,

                     Sudbury, Ont., Canada.

  (1. The energy of the sun is radiated in the form
of electromagnctic waves of all lengths, depending on
their frequencies; only a small portion of these are
seen by us directly as light. Other waves, differing
from visible light only in wavelength, are not percept-
ible to our eyes; they have the property tr.ther of
generating heat in objects which they strike. There
is no absolute difference in the nature of light wave*
and heat waves; the effects which they produce de-
pend rather upon the physical and chemical natures
and the sizes of the objects which they strike. Each
set of waves has a tendency to set up activity i whe-

ther heat or—as in our eyes—chemical action) in sub-
stances the particles of which are of a size which
bears a certain ratio to their particular wavelength.
It is quite probable that some of the sun’s radiation
is converted into long or heat waves in the atmos-
phere; but, at the bottom of the atmosphere, we are
able to measure only what radiation gets through to
us. When t*cientists are able to ascend through the
atmosphere into space, they will be able to tell us
more about this.

  2.	All the stars are in motion, and in the case of
the nearer stars, this movement is measurable by their
displacement against their background. Sirius, the
brightest star and our very near neighbor, has moved
in the past two thousand years apparently about the
width of the moon—a distance actually numbered in
billions of miles. This “proper motion" has been com-
puted by astronomers for all stars which are near
enough to have an observable parallax; and is taken
into account. Astronomers make great numbers of
corrections for this and that source of error in meas-
urement, and repeated observations over a period of
several years, before they venture to estimate the par-
allax of a star.

  The triangulation method is illustrated in the ac-
companying diagram. It follows the same principles
as the work of a land surveyor, except that much more
delicacy of measurement must be observed. The par-
allax of our nearest neighbor ALPHA CENTAURI cor-
responds to a yearly movement, back and forth, of
less than half an inch at a distance of a mile; and
the telescopic observations muBt bo corrected for ap-
parent motions which cover many times this distance.
—Editor.)
 I A Him department we shall publish every month
 youf opinions. A/ter al), this is your magazine
 and it is edited for you. If we fall down on the
 choice of our stories, or if the editorial board slips
 up occasionally, it is up to you In voice your opin-
 ion'. It makee no difference whether your letter is
 complimentary, critical, or whether it contains a good

           An Author Confesses

 Editor, WONDER STORIES:

   It is not because 1 am a contributor to Wo»»KB
 Stories that I advance this theory, which has in
 ray own experience proved itself: A reader of the
 incredible—nunie.y science fiction— is thus more quick-
 ly broadened in mind than by any other means 1
 can conceive./ His world ceases to be a single village
 or town or city or planet, but broadens out into the
 vastness of the speculative, into the far flung reaches
 of infinite space and time and thought, into beau-
 tiful fields of worlds where the suns of Andromeda
 and the Milky Wn.v shine upon worlds of the Realm
 of the Great Beyond.

   The stark immensity of it amazes one. The sheer
 beauty of it stimulates the senses, casts to the four
 winds of this tiny speck rolling in the atmosphere,
 the importance of the t.hings about which a man
 worries. Wherefore is beauty but in dreams ' Where-
 fore is reality but in thought?

    Going through the- pages of this daring publication,
 I came upon the story by Francis Flagg, entitled
 "The Lizard Men of Buh-Lo”, and after reading that
 masterpiece of imagination I lay the book down to
 begin writing here and say that every man who ex-
 pects to amount to a whoop in this world of great
 demands should read science fiction because it trains
 his mind to think in terms broader than he has been
 accustomed to.

   I ought to know. T recal when 1 got my first
 copy of a science fiction magazine and began read-
 ing it. I threw it aside in disgust. A few months
 later 1 was writing a story for Mr. Gernsback. It
 was published. I said that I would never go beyond
 the probable again, but the more 1 read such stories

•	as “Marooned in Andromeda" and the many others
 published during the past few months in WojfuER
 Storibs I wish I could write them—-the more I
 realize that while we read to be entertained we might
 also read to think, and to dream and to create. Per-
 sonally, I have built, up a religious belief—or rather
 I have approached a sort of probability—by reading
 science fiction and delving into the mysteries of
 science through as many of its branches as time will
 permit.

                       Edsel Newton,

                          Billings, Mo.

    (It’s quite stimulating to read a frank confession—
 such as Mr. Newton gives us. If science fiction
 didn’t do the things that he says they do, we would
 have to qvrit publishing. But our magazines have
 grown because we give our readers something to
 take them beyond themselves—so that, as Mr. Newton
 says, they can grasp greater immensities and have
 thoughts they would not have had otherwise.

   Mr. Newton also makes a startling statement, but
 something that, verifies what the Editor said during
 a recent oontrovery. That, by understanding the
 physical universe one can really find a meaning in
 it and from that meaning he can find a religion. We
 wonder if any of our other readers have had snch an
 experience, and whether we dare ask Mr. Newton to
 tell us more about it.—Editor)

      Interplanetary Society Progresses

 Editor, Wonder Stories:

    For your information and that of your readers, may
 I intrude into your columns to tell you something of
 the progress of the American Interplanetary Society?

    Full activities were resumed recently, the New York
 group holding several important, gatherings at the
 American Museum of Natural History. At each meet-
 ing, a new phase of interplanetary travel and its

old-fashioned brick bat. All are equally welcome.
All of your letters, as much as space will allow, will
be published here for the benefit of all. Due to the
large influx of mail, no communications to thiB de-
partment are answered individually unless 25c in
stamps to cover time and postage is remitted.

problems was presented by one of the members. These
meetings, open to the public, have been attracting
considerable attention.

  At the last few meetings such problems as: the
landing on a strange planet; the possibility of life ex-
isting on other planets; the problem of communication
between the planets have all been discussed. The
latter talk delivered by Mr. Clyde Pitch, a radio
engineer and member of the Society brought forth an
interesting editorial in the New Fork Times of Octo-
ber 6.

  The Society is now undertaking a complete research
on the possibilities of the rocket and expects to issue
reports in sections over the next year or two In this
way it hopes to make an important contribution to
the science.

  Its membership continue* to grow. There are
members not only throughout the United States but
also in Canada, Mexico and France. Among our
members are Dr. Robert H. Goddard the American
rocket expert; Robert Esnault-Pelterie. the French
rocket expert; Captain Sir Hubert Wilkins the noted
explorer; Dr. Clyde Fisher of the American Museum
of Natural History; Noel Deisch, the second foremost
American rocket expert, Hugo Gernsback, well known
to the readers of this magazine.

  The Society offers associate membership at three
dollars per year to interested men and women. This
entitles tfce member to all the privileges of the Society
(except in the conduct of its business) including the
monthly Bulletin now being expanded to eight pages.
Active membership is open to men and women over

21	years of age with a good background of scien-
tific knowledge and education. Such members have a
splendid opportunity to be pioneers if) this greatest
achievement the twentieth century is attempting. Ac-
tive membership is at the rate of $10.00 per year, or
$3.00 per quarter, if paid quarterly. Further in-
formation can be obtained by writing the Secretary.
Membership blanks will be mailed on request.

                     C.	P. Mason,

                       Secretary, American Inter-
                         planetary Society

                    302 West 22nd St., New York

  (The American Interplanetary Society is making it-
self felt more and more as a power in America leading
to an awakening of the public to the possibilities of
interplanetary travel. We commend it heartily to our
readers.—Editor)

Providing They Are Killed

Editor. Wonder Stories:

  On finishing the September issue. I'd think it unus-
ually good, especially ‘‘The King of the Black Bowl,"’
by. Mr. Starzl. Hope you print another of his stories
soon. He write marvelously.

  Mr. C. K. Rodgers’ spasm amused me greatly. He
says he isn't a "woman hater,” b£t there's a fly in the
ointment somewhere, because he admits he used to get
a thrill out of a nice moonlight necking party. But
I don't call that romance; it is slushiness, and surely
anyone can see the difference.

  No. Mr. Editor, we don’t want “cold-blooded ’
scientists—in stories or otherwise, for they are NOT
like that in real life. They ARE human and fiction
cannot change them, except to make them distasteful,
to the reader. So let's have our heroes scientists—
super-men, of course—but warmhearted and sympa-
thetic and in love, or capable of being. Life is teeming
with romance, so our fiction should not be entirely
devoid of romantic interest.

(Continued on Pnye 757)
ick the Job You Want

and Fill It. . . in a Few Months!

 By meim of an actually proven kind of home study training sponsored by
      the Radio <x>rporati>>n of America, hundreds of ambitious fellows are
      today enjonnjj financial independence in work that is thrilling. .

            Radio needs you. Opportunities are begging for men. Good
            »nry . . . fascinating work .. . adventure galore! Read all
            aboat thia tremendous modern industry . . . send for this
            magnificent free book. Mail the coupon now I

Prepare
at Home

 Only an hour or 80 a day is all
 you need. This Big League train-
 ing prepares you for sncceas in all
 phases of radio. . • manufacturing, ser-
 vicing, selling, ship and shore broadra4ting,
 photo-radiograms, radio equipment. Ourgradn*
 ates are in demand everywhere... because they
 are posted right up to the minute in everything
 in Radio. Radio’s progress earh year is measured
 by the accomplishment of the great engineers
 at work in the research laboratories of the
 Radio Corporation of America. This world-wide
 organization sets the standard for the industry
 •.. and stands back of every lesson in the course!
 A signed agreement by the president of the
 school assures you of absolute aatisfaction upon
 completion of the trainiug~or your money will
 be promptly refunded.

RCA INSTITUTES, INC.

(A division of Radio Corporation
of America)

 RCA INSTITUTES,

 Dept. SRA-12

 75 Varick St., New York, N.
 GENTLEMEN: Please send me your big
 FREE 40-page book which tells about
 the brilliant opportunities in Radio and
 about your famous laboratory-method of
 guaranteed radio instruction at home.

Name--------------—

Address —-----------------------------

WONDER STORIES
i756

WONDER STORIES

fCAW

NORTi/

\* + ■*

9>/i<

NO CHARGEI

 This charming hotel surrounded by ST**1*
 lawns and sun porches is the oifly Hotel
 in Atlantic City serving breakfast in your
 room without charge.

  The bedrooms are built for comfort; each
       with its own private bath, ^ large closets,
       modern furnishings, bridge and read-
       ing lamps and three or more win-
       dows to the room. Everything is
       cozy and homelike.

CHAS H. BERRY, Owner
H. L. FAIRBAIRN, Manager
CONTINENTAL. PLAN

  ►

  *

“SOUTH OF THE MASON-DIXON LINE”
is but another way of saying
“Hospitality”

hotel ludy

South Carolina Avenue at the Boardwalk
Atlantic City’s Newest
Centrally Located Fireproof Hotel
is South of the Mason-Dixon Line.

Its rales are as pleasing as its hospitality.
$5 up Daily
American Plan $30 up Weekly
$2.50 up Daily European Plan
Fireproof Garage Attached
R. B. LUDY, M. D.

TfceHOTEL

ATLANTIC CITY, N.J.

Qn p^gg 764

      mu will find at the top of the column an interesting announce-
      nttnL If your subscription to WONDER STOR ES expires unth
      this issue or the next, the few minutes spent in reading tfus
      message will be well worth your while,___
WONDER

THE READER SPEAKS

Continued from Page 754

  The villains in TTO-'DER STORIES may be as
ruthlessly cold-blooded and calculating as even Mr.
Rodgers could desire—provided they are killed off in
the end—but I’m sure the vast majority of readers
prefer their heroes to be “human like themselves, with
normal human desires."

  Though the Ozarks seems far remov.-d from the
center of scientific achievenu-nt. n~0.Y/>£/£ STORIED
brings it right to our door. L»np may it live and
prosper.

                         Clara IT. Iiu*b.

                      Decatur, Ark.

  (Miss Bush seems to hav.- a pvu.i of view not ex-
pressed before on the romauco vs „ .-net, cold-blooded
Vs. human scientist debates. Li .-■? McCable of
“romance” fame she wants rotcii ■* her stories.
She does not want slushiuos. »i.j a->-.> aot object to
cold-blooded scientists. Mi>- H . ■ ,'-uts a new
nut for the no-romance di«-i**rU :o crack, what do
they, say to her program :—Editor)

Statues From the Dead

Editor, Wonder Mortis:

  I want to comment si*or*-o or. the new quality
of WONDER STORIlv tfru inly is improving
in highclass stories, and ihr	>;.-r seems to me

to be more convenient »> aii'-j :he magazines
thinner, which is invalui.. •• :	I have a perfect

clutter of magazines, ail of	n ; many others for

years back. Therefore, ipar. unpertant.

  An especially go»i ita:.;.- a :tr discussions col-
umns, which certainly ar • >- g:t-*t ar. aid to educat-
ing lb© laymen as tbr «tor •.-•motives. The Science
Correspondence Club hi- , - ... - L-r-iicved that science
fiction is one of the	rI assets science can

have. During the £'	• ••>'* it has come into

Iirominence, I do no: i-	:o uv that many inven-

tions of the last ;io *-•: :ir- years have been sug-

fested by this :y;-r o'	At least, the fact has

ollowed the fiction v»-r.. x.-: ia many cases.

  Some years ago .•	a comic story of two

men who experimented - - a opper embalming in-
vention and ttn !*n-ta!r!v trird it on themselves.
Just lately, a rcpur:	!: ---s;a announced that the

dead could be i-r-r-i .-.v pper statues in this
manner, and il->ii ' .	used to grace the

lawns of the	I: .,-<rins even the wildest

and most com; v »	: -.«n comes true. What

then may we t-*e- • ' ~ awre serious kind? The
tvpe of story iL.w ; -	the future with scienti-

fically trained	. I *■- - 'hat is to come? But

enough of this. I	- .;z. to the abhorred bod.

After the last few -*--*4 I bav* decided that more
stories by Drs. Br- •: ■>d Kr..;»r are in order. At
least their treatment c: ...	.* quarter per.

                     Raymor.d \. Palmer,

                   See? S. C. C.

                      Milwaukee. Wis.

  (We would not credit u>o much the report from
Russia that they plan lo . • t:.- divad as the base
for statues. The Kus- .< viry superstitious and
all superstitious peopi--	much concerned about

their dead—at least the., have a great reverence
for them. From the great optearal that the Russian
people are experiencing, rouci t!,.»t is foolish and silly
will be heard. The Kussi.w.-, ,\r- :rving hard to And
their place in the world of ^icnc- and among them
are extremists who carry I©*.. a great many steps
too far.

  During the war we Were aUrm*d to hear that the
Germans were making fertiliser from their dead. No
doubt there was a grain of :r .:h in the story—some
over-efficient German engineer was trying to save the
Fatherland by such a proportion Tlie story was
never substantiated, and probably was not true.

  No doubt the future will eve us many new ideas
on our relation to the dead. We know that I he burial
of dead was not originally for the preservation of
the body but to maki> sure that the dead man did not
return to haunt those he left behind He was sup-
posed to have acquired some ‘evil forces”, and he
must be deprived of the ability to do damage. With
the ages the idea behind buri al suffered changes and
to-day the burial serves the purposes of public health,
sentiment, and family spirit Perhaps in a future age
cremation will he universal or the willing of bodies
to the state for research and experimenting will be
necessary.—Editor.)

(Continued on Page 758)

STORIES

757

STOP!

All articles shown are brand new mer-
chandise in original cartons, sold at
prices never attempted heretofore. As
supply is limited, we reserve right to re-
turn deposits if items have been sold out.

Every article is fully guaranteed.

“Marvel” Speaker

Positively 11)0 biggest speaker valua
in America. You will novor again buy
a line speaker for such a ridiculously
small amount. 16 in. diameter mag-
netic speaker with compMitloii art is -
tic polychrome housing. Powerful
magnetic unit. Eccentric drive. Beau-
tiful, clear reproduction. NEW fea-
ture. Made so speaker can be sot on

table or hung on wall. Unit fully adjustable. Shipping weight,
in factory-sealed carton. List Price $15.00
YOUR SPECIAL PRICE .....................................

5 lbs.,

$1.75

Allen Hough ROTROLA

This remarkable new Instrument enables
you to play phonograph records through
your radio loud speaker. Plugs Into any
radio set, whether same U3es batteries
or A.C. Connected to your radio in a
Jiffy. Conies with line electric motor i
operating only on A.C.. 60 cycles. 110]
volts. New Webster pick-up: volume
control; special constant spoocl electric I
luotor; automatic stop which operates on
ail records. Beautiful portable cabinet
Full Bronze trimmings. In factor?:
sealed case. Shipping weight J8 lbs. List Price $45.00 $13
YOUR SPECIAL PRICE .......................................................... .

Utah Dynamic A. C. Power
Speaker — Model 33A

110-volt, 60-cycle A.C. light socket sup-
ply for field excitation using Wesiing-
liouse dry rectifier. 1) in. high. 9V4 in.
wide. 7 Vi in. deep. Speaker comes
packed in wooden crate. Weight 19 lbs.
it is one of the most powerful a» well
as best reproducers in the market. 9
inch cone.

List Price $50.00	$7.50

YOUR SPECIAL PRICE........v

1/4 H. P. General Electric Motor

Tills flno Vl h’.p. Induction motor
can be usod for hundreds of pur-
poses. particularly as a television
motor, to run a lathe, household
utilities, shop. etc. Hlngie phase,
tiu cycle. 110 v»lts. Uses 5.4
amps. Speed 1,725 r.p.m. Height
6% in. Depth 6Vi in.. Yi in.
shaft. Two large oil wells. N»
sparking possible. Will therefore
not give radio interforonce. Ship-
ping weight 32 lbs.

List Price $29.00.

YOUR SPECIAL 24.00
  PRICE ..................W

We are a wholesale house and cannot accept
orders for less than $5.00

   If C. O. D. shipment is desired, please remit
20% remittance, which must accompany all
orders; balance on delivery.

   Should you wish goods shipped by parcel post,
be sure to include sufficient extra remittance for
same. Any excess will be refunded.

  Send for our free illustrated Radio
  Bargain Bulletin.

A postal brings it.

Radio Trading

246W Fifth Ave., New 101

 Co.

ork, N. Y.
753

WONDER

Greatest

  SIN

  The Greatest Sin of all is total IGNORANCE
of the most important subject in the life of
every man and woman—SEX.

 AWAY WITH FALSE MODESTY

  Let us face the facts of sex fearlessly and
frankly, sincerely and scientifically. Let us
tear the veil of shame and mystery from sex
and build the future of the race on a new
knowledge of all the facts of sex as they are
laid bare in plain, daring but wholesome words,
and frank pictures in the huge new library of
Sex Knowledge.

“MODERN EUGENICS”

t^SICRETS

Everything a
Married Woman
Should Know-

How to hold a husband
How to have perfect children
How to preserve youth
Warding off other women
Keeping yourself attractive
Why husbands tire of wives
Dreadful diseases due to
ignorance
Diseases of women
Babies and birth control
Twilight sleep—easy childbirth
How babies are conceived
Diseases of children
Family health guide
Change of life—hygiene
Why children die young
Inherited traits and diseases
What will you tell your grow-
ing girl?

The mystery of twins
Hundred* of valuable
remedies

Secrets
for Men—

Mistakes of early marriages
Hecret of fascination
Joys of perfect mating
How to make women love
you

Bringing up healthy children
Fevers and contagious diseases

Accidents and euieigenciea
Hygiene in the borne
Limitation of offspring
The seiual embrace
Warning to young men
Secrcta of greater delight
Dangerous diseases
Secrets of sex attraction
Hygienic precautions
Anatomy and physiology
The reproductive organs
What every woman wants
Education of the family
Bex health and prevention

Girls—
Don’t Marry
before you know
all this—

The dangers of Petting
How to be a vamp
How to manage the honey-
moon

What liberties to allow a
    lovtr

fiecrets of tho wedding night
Beauty diets and baths
Do you know that—

Ho# to attract desirable men
H<*v to manage men
How 10 ftnoiv if he lores you
Uow to acquire bodily grace
and beauty
Dow to beautify face, hands.

    hair, teeth and feet
How to acquire tharm
How to drt-i* attractively
rmimate personal hygiene
Sow to pick a husband

I

IMPORTANT!

This work will not be sold to minors.
When ordering your book, state your age].

Gui

 II- ♦ _ _	Grenpark Company

 IT nl.P'ff ^Ll	245 Greenwich St.

-	Dept. WS-12

New York’ N‘ T*

                             Please eend mo "Mod-
                             ern Eugenics'' SEALED

 jjy 8gft |8 ............... In plain wrapper. I am

                           sending you $2.98 In

Kame .................... accordance with your

A0drcas .............. special hall price ofler.

City and State............

STORIES

THE READER SPEAKS

Continued from Paye 757

Pearls Before Swine

Editor, Wonder Stories:

  Its difficult for me to make a mild expression of my
esteem. I consider you a very generous benefactor and
am selfish enough to wish you a long and prosperous
career as a server of the same sort of diet you are
giving us now.

  I think I enjoy the “Reader Speaks” most except-
ing when we run across sucb bilge as that tendered by
“no address" Cody. Don't you care. We're all with
you and things like that mage us realize the meaning
of “casting pearls before the swine”. I Just lapped
up “Marooned in Andromeda". You surely do dish
up the cream.

  I am sorry I have no suggestions as to how you
should do your job. After all you’ve had a little ex-
perience and I do believe you know your work, at
least better than I do. I feel wc can trust safely
“our” mag in your hands leaving the work, worry,
vigilance to one who has proven his worth. I know
you will never abuse our faith in your ability to keep
a Rood balance of Science, adventure and lastly a
sprinkling of romance when needed in the inimitable
WONDER STORIES.

                        Mrs. C. Christiansen,

                *	4226 Van Buren Street,
                    Chicago, 111.

  (Unfortunately, we can't feel the way Mrs. Chris-
tiansen does about casting "pearls before swine”. We
are just foolish enough to feel like the man who had
charge of 100 sheep and teu wandered away. He left
the ninety to bring back the ten. We don’t want our
readers to wander away from their magazine. We
feel that our readers do appreciate what we arc giving
them. When difficulties arise, as in the case of Mr.
Cody, wo think that they were the result of too hasty
conclusions, undue suspicions, etc., and when they are
cleared up, we will all be good friends again.

  It's easy enough to adopt a high-and-mighty atti-
tude and say, “Well if you don’t like it go back where
you came from.” Just as our 110 percent patriots
want our government to do with it« radicals. But
that's a foolish attitude. If there’s anything wrong
with a government, a man's body or a maguzine, the
sensible thing to do is to find out what it is and cure
it. If it’s a misunderstanding only, as it was in Mr.
Cody’s case, everyone can be enlightened and made
happy. But we thank Mrs. Christiansen for her nice
sentiments. May we continue to dish up the cream.—
Editor)

Hurrah For the New Size!

Editor, Wonder Stories:

  The 87^ per cent that voted for the change in tho
size of the WONDER STORIES magazine surely did
know what they were voting for. I measured the
new size on an old magazine and was greatly im-
pressed by the improvement that. I could see there.
Hurrah I for the new size.

  In reading about space cars. T have often won-
der'd how .an propellers be u^d in space where (as
far a- I can find out) there is no< atmospheric re-
MStai)'I served in the air service during the war
and understand how the propeller pulls the airplane
through tli-: air but I can': understand what good
fhey are wher* there is, no resistance. Please enlighten
me on that point I

  How about some oriental scien.i- fiction? I under-
stand that they hare a science of their own. Am I
correct?

                     Fred G. Michel
                     8*7 Milton St.,

                        Oakland, Calif.

  (We’re glad that Mr. Michel is included among
Ihe throng who were so pleasureably delighted with the
new mag. size. We believe our readers will find
that this issue has even more material than the last.
Propellers are not used for flights into space. Ob-
viously they are useless where there is no air. The
rocket which does not depend on air is the only means
found thus far to operate in a vacuum, for the rocket
needs no air.

  Oriental science is a closed book to us occidentals.
Orientals may perform their miracles by means of a
science we are ignorant of. or it may be all trickery,
fooling us by taking advantages of our sense of sight
and touch, etc. We wish we could learn how they do
some, of their magical tricks.—Editor)
WONDER STORIES

759

THE READER SPEAKS

By Every Atom in the Universe

Editor, Wonder Stories:

   1 am now going to annoy you with my humble,
but honest opinions. I only hope I can consider my-
self an old. reader since I've read about two dozen
of our mags in three months. How! By blowing
all my allowance on back-nuinbers.

    You know if you stopped publishing this mag I'm
afraid I would commit suicide. But tha; » only half
of what I think of the dear old mae. so brre's the
other half. Multiply every atom t; :he universe by
every ray of light the sun gives o!T in a million years.
Then multiply the answer by every 'Pv Wee' golf
course in the U. S. And J think vou'il get a vague
idea of what T think of your WONDKR-fuJ mag.

    As for my likes and dislikes I i-:uj the stories as
follows—

Best.

“The Human Termites’’ -..................Keller (Hooray)

“The Conquerors.” ....................................ditto, ditto

“Shot Into Infinity'' ...............................................Gail

“Stone From 'Hie Moon' ...... .......................Gail

‘Flight of the Mercury-' .......................Tanner

“Electropolis” ......................................Von Iliinstoin

“Moon Conquerors'' .	.............Romans

“Infinite Brain" ..................................Campbell

You who lave rea - a**- i^oged
“Electropolis”

    have a bigger treat in ."or* the Fall 1930

  WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

*	• •

We Present

the story that creat-d a virt si sensation in Ger-
many and which »•<? have imported. and translated

“BETWEEN EARTH AND
MOON”

the latest masterpiece of

OTFRID VON HANSTEIN
Also in this issue

“AN ATOMIC ADVENTURE
By WUIiia Laakia. Ph.D.

“THE SECRET OF THE TOMB”

By R. CreuUy Arnold

“THE STRUGGLE FOR NEPTUNE”

By HMSrik OUI J«w

“THE ISLAND OF TERROR”

By Ruhm SuUm

      i	A ini Olkert in the

FALL 1930 “QUARTERLY”

iVotr on Sale

Good

“The Time Valve” .......................................Breuer

“A Subterranean Adventure" ...........................Bauer

“Lizard Men of Buh-Lo" ...................................Flagg

“Into the 28th Century" ...........Lorraine' (sequel I)

“City of the Living Dead" ________ - . .Manning & Pratt

“In 20,000 A. D.' ........................Zagat & Schachner

IP oret

“The Bat Men of Mars" ....................... Don't care for

“The Lost Martian" ........................Don't care for

“Radiation of the Chinese Vcg^isble" ............Gleason

—And all the rest are O. K.

As you may notice from mv choices. I also read
WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY. And by the way.
Your Summer, 1930, cover drawing shows the space-
ship a brilliant red. while in the story it is taken
from it states that the clouds enveloping Neptune
shut out all the Sun's red rays. Then how is it the
ship appears red1?

Now for the real purpose of this letter. I want to
know if you (by any rare chance) publish the work
of amateurs, excepting in contests, as I am now

(.Continued on Page 760)

y

Your own Mind

  More marvelous than the power of the
Magician’s Wand is the power that can
be developed in the newly discovered
cosmic areas of your own mind.

  You can turn your mental pictures
into living, vibrating waves of power
that will reach other minds or attract
to your consciousness the creative laws
of nature which bring your mental im-
ages and desires into material realiza-
tion.

 A FREE BOOK FOR YOU

   The Rosicrucians throughout the world for
centuries have been the Master Minds in develop*
ing self-efficiency and self-domination over tho
obstacles of life. Their secret knowledge and
strange methods have made them admired suc-
cesses everywhere.	,

   They are pledged to help others—just »3 you
will gladly share your knowledge and auoces3ful
experiences with others. They have prepared a
book—new, fascinating, instructive, and practical
—which tells about their helpfulness. It is called
“The Light of Egypt”—the land where Whito
Magio first gave man his power to be master-
ful. The coupon below will bring it to you
without obligation if you really wish to study
and learn these principles.

 Remember

  The true Rosicru-
  cians are known
  as the AMORC all
  over the world. One
  name, one purpose,
  one ideal — to help
  mankind.

  ••LIBRARIAN M.B.Z

Rosicrucian

Brotherhood

  SAN JOSE, CALIF.

FREE BOOK COUPON

Librarian M.B.Z.

Rosicrucian Brotherhoed
    (AMORC)

San Joss, California

   Please send me. without

obligation, a copy of "The £<isht
of KgjrpU"

Name -
Address

ooA /jailors

Ex~Libri$s/$0o& Piate&

Latest series or old masters, tyrth

plates, reproducing antique woodcuts .*nt*
engravings. Unlrtue creation* for book-Iorer*
who appreciate the unusuat. Write for
Illustrated catalogue and specimen,
enclose 10 cent* for mailing charge
ISKOR PRESS. INC., 19 Park PlMtf,
Dept. A-1230. New York, N. V.

write, r-on.

 CATALOGUE

If you are anxious to increase your earning #ower,
be sure to read the announcement on page 762.
760

WONDER STORIES

COMPLETE AVIATION COURSE
By Jack Stinson

Instructors as well as thousands of junior avia-
tion enthusiasts read AVIATION MECHANICS
—it is an excellent guide in their work—a sim-
ple, easy reference.

Each Issue contains complete descriptions and
photographs of all the latest types of planes.

cpcriAL	regular subscription price, of

          AVIATION MECHANICS is $3.00
OFFER per year. If you act quickly, and
send in $1.80 in cash, check or money orde1'
you will receive this magazine for one full yeai,
also the first and second issues gratis; or to
acquaint yourself with this magazine send 25c
for sample copy.

AVIATION MECHANICS
97L Park Place New York, N. Y.

Building your own air-cooled engine
Model rocket plane that flies
How to build a primary training glider
Learning how to fly
Shooting trouble on plane and engine
Question and Answer box
Dirigibles

               Latest inventions
                    Tail-less planes

also many practical hints on motors, in-
struments, wings, and construction—replete
with over 200 illustrations, diagrams and
working drawings.

  On All Large
Newsstands

                                 Over 200

                                   Illustrations

Admiral Moffet, U.S.N., Jack Stinson, Paul
Litchfield, Sanford A. Moss, Capl. Frank
Hawks, Morton Scliwam and many other writers
contribute articles to each issue of AVIATION
MECHANICS.

THE READER SPEAKS

Continued from. Page 759

writing a story of the type you publish. Although I
am but fourteen years old (I'm blushing), all my
previous efforts have met with hearty approval from
my literary teachers and friends, likewise ardent
readers of your magazine. The story—The Martian
Time Machine"—is a cross between an interplanetary
and a time traveling theme. So with many wishes
oi your continued success, Adios.

                      James H. Nicholson,

                   40 Luuado Way,

                        San Francisco, Calif.

  (We certainly do publish the work of new authors.
Our contests have been notably successful in that
they stimulated non-professional writers to "try their
hand" at our stories. The resuit was that they
found they had a good time at it, and discovered
talent in themselves. A writer must- at one time be
a beginner; and to such beginners we are happy
to otter our advice and criticism. But we say, in the
beginning, lint the average amateur starts to write
his story before he has studied the art of fiction.
There are rules for the planning of stories, just as
for the planning of bridges. Numerous books on the
short story will offer much help and by getting the
beginner started right will help him to avoid much of
the disappointment and heart-ache that is likely to
occur.

  So before sending stories to us, get some critical
opinions on them. Study the short story art and
then put your story away for a few weeks. Come
back to it afresh and read it critically as though it
were the work of some one unknown to you. Then
after finally revising it, and assuring yourself it’s
the best job that you could do, send it on to us,
—Editor.)

The Boys Scientifiction’ Club

 Editor, Wonder Stories:

   We would appreciate it very much if you would
 print this in your "Reader Speaks” department.

   We wish to inform the readers of WONDER STO-
 RIES of an organization lately formed, called "The
 Boys’ Scientifiction Club.” Its purpose is to promote
 scientific interest among boys between the ages of 10
 <j|nd 15, to encourage the reading of science-fictional
 Tind scientific works, and to create a bond of friend-
 ship among them.

   A circulating library, composed of sclentific-fic-
 tional books, magazines, articles, etc., is being con-
 structed to circulate among members who desire to
 read any of the contents.

   Officers are: President-Librarian—Forrest J. Ack-
 erman, 530 Staples Ave., San Francisco, California.
 Secretary-Treasurer—Frank Sipos, 174 Staples Ave.,
 San Francisco; ‘the writer being Vice-President.

   Address all letters concerning membership to the
 President. He will be glad to answer all letters and
 explain particulars of the Club.

                        Linus Hogenmiller,
                        Vice-President R. S. C.

                      502 N. Washington St.
                      Farmington, Missouri.

   (Every such club as your young readers have
 formed in San Francisco is a -tep in the right direc-
 tion—toward spreading of science fiction throughout
 the people of the country.

   But such clubs should not rest content to confine
 themselves to their own friends. The great work to
 be done lies among the present scoffers or people
 who are indifferent. The greatest enthusiasts are
 very often those who were previously the greatest
 doubters, and each such person ouee concerted is
 firmly held, from then on. We wish the B. S. C.
 the best of luck.—Editor.)

They Worshipped Their Progenitor

 Editor, WONDER STORIES:

   I wish to ‘go to the bat" on behalf of two of your
 best authors, Ed Earl Repp and Henrik Dahl Juve.
 Also, to take issue with certain criticisms advanced
 by Herbert Fixler in the September is6ue. Mr. Fixler
 says that he wshes you would get rid of the two
 promising young men mentioned above, because their
 stories contain the same fundamental plots each
 month. I flatly declare that they do not!

    I am a regular reader of four science fiction month-
 lies and two (iirarterlies, and therefore am in a

(Continued on Page 761)
WONDER

STORIES

761

THE READER SPEAKS

Continued from Page 760

position to compare the work of these men, os well
as that of all the other authors mentioned by Mr.
Fuller. Mr. Repp and Mr. Juve are both well
grounded in science, and po^e*;. fertile and versatile
minds, and 1 always turn to th.-ir work with the
confident expectation that 1 am to t~3 well repaid for
the time spent in reading il- -and am never disap.
pointed.

   Regarding another criticism: <_ it out the science.’’
Please do not commit any s^.h tgr.g.oab error! If
the critic doesn't likr scii-LCt with his fiction, let
him work out on anj or..- of the fifty-seven or more
varieties of trashy magazines that we who love real
science fiction are forced to in.-; - : ;n ord*-r to pick
out the ones we really value. i>- re are so many
of these on the newsstands thai a person gets dizzy
trying to locate the desired rov.-r

   .Now, just a word of consiru-tiv* .riticism regard-
ing a scientific detail in Mr. li.pp - "The Annihila-
tor Comes," in the August	This is a cracker-

jack "of a story all the way thr- ;gfc. but I wish he
had substituted one of the r». crnnorous dinos-
aurs for the sacred Tricemtop* f- .the latter is
known to have been a vegrtab;. ;-rcTyrannosaurus
rex would have been a gn.*J -> ir-i :.>rnt*d hard to
escape from in close quarter'. Ii._ «-r. I believe
the fundamental idea wa-	Tru'*-ratopsians

worshipped their own pro>-r.r »..d therefore we
can afford to stretch » pcir.t i n. union, I wish
your magazine all the *:!•••.*»	world, and am

doing everything in m;. ; o»-r :o f romite interest in
the scientific marvels of t:‘ .: -re "What man can
imagine, he can do" ;s or- < r ice truest sayings we
have, and publications ,.k. V, okllk StOEIES and its
contemporaries stimuJa:-	> minds to construc-

tive .thought that i^> I- ..:.d :o r--suit in real progress
made in invention.

-	Grant V. Wallace,

                     1964 Marin Avenue,

                         Berkeley. California.

  (Now we have :*o fides to the quest’on—Juve and
Repp—pro and con Who is right? Are they good or
net? And if to, why?

  Personally we ;:ke them both—tho they have dif-
ferent styles ar.d different methods of telling a story.
We thought that The Ar.nihilator Comes" of Repp
ar.d the Neptune	of Juve were crackerjacks.

In the Neptune ^ur. •» Mr Juve gets in a lot of
sly humor that w* n.-.-r '.bought him capable of.
Now we'll know «ha: to •*xpr. t from him.—Editor)

He Praises Himself

Editor, WONDER STOR1E s ;

  Even though the October i.*sae reached us late,
the high quality of the stores highly compensated
for it. The October issue was one of the best I’ve
icad.

In order of merit, I placed the stories as follows:

   1.	"Lizard Men of Buh-lo.''

  2.	"War Lord of Venus. ’

  3.	"Marooned in Andromeda.”

  4.	"Kmpire in the Sky."

  5.	"Faster than Light.”

  6.	"Man who Laughs."

  7.	"City on the Cloud."

  Francis Flagg's latest time travelling story for
surpasses all others. It is peculiar however that he
praises himself in "Lizard Men of Buh-lo' for he

says...... "the story ‘Machine Men of Ardathia shows

real literary merit. As a matter of fa.'t Mr. Flagg
himself wrote the "Machine Man of Ardathia ’

   Regarding the new change in size. It i.« /i/ie with
me, and you give read good reasons for j*o doing.
However, are you going to change the sue of the
Quarterly and Amazing Detective Tales to 7" x 10"
also !

  The November issue will be a success, with Camp-
bell, Bridge and Starzl in it. By the way—are Frank
J. Bridge and Frank J. Brueckel the same person ?
His "War Lord of Venus” is great. What happened
to Paul ? The October issue gave us only three of
his wonderful illustrations. Marchioni is also good,
but Paul is better.

                      E. Anderson,

                     1765 Southern Boulevard

                     New York, N. Y.

(You see, one of the advantages of being a writer
is that you can say what you want. We notice for
example that both Mr. H. G. W'ells and Mr. Bern-
(Continued on Page 762)

TRUSS USERS

   STUART’S ADHESIF PLAPAO-PADS are patentably
   different — being mechanico-chcmico applicators —
   made self-adhesive purposely to keep the muscie-
   tonic called "PLAPAO" continuously applied to the
   affected parts, and to minimize clanger of slipping
   and painful friction. The fabric is soft as velvet, and
   being adhesive—	_

 —without
 straps,
 buckles op
 springs.

   Easy to apply, com-
   paratively Inexpensive and comfortable.

    For almost a quarter centuiy stacks of sworn testi-
    monials from many different countries report
    success, without delay from work. Process
    of recovery natural, after which no further use

   for a mechanical support. Test ¥?D I71T

   of the remedial herbal factor p |\ p, p.
   ‘‘PLAPAO” sent you absolutely
   No charge for this now or ever. Write name on
   coupon NOW and mail TODAY.

   Plapao Co., 10 Stuart Bldg., St. Louis, Mo.

Name ..........................................................................

Address .......................................................................

---clings     
 closely      
   to         
   the        
 body---  xsr 
Free — Trial Plapao — Free

EARN $50001

                  /» V0/1 M rm A M, ■«*> ’

            a Year and Morel
            Learn theNi'w and
            lierier system oj
            DRUGLESS HEALING

    A New profession which offers most unusual oppor-
    tunities for men anti women everywhere—This complete
    system of non-meuical and non-surgical treatment of
    bodily disorders meets a popular and rapidly spread-
    ing demand.

            New Unusual Way to Learn at Home
    Moving Picture Instruction
    Projector and Films Furnished Free
    Our amazing new method combines motion picture In-
    struction with our time tried and proven plan of
    correspondence instruction. We supply everything.
    You can quickly become a competent and successful
    practitioner. Not only Is it possible for you to soon
    earn $100 a week but you can be a great bene-
    factor to the many who need you.

       SEND FOR OUR FREE TRIAL COURSE
   Send 4 cents postage for Free introductory course of
   instruction. Learn how you can quickly achieve
   your highest ambitions. WRITE TODAY. Bo tho
   first In your community.

AMERICAN UNIVERSITY
Chartered 1913 by the State of Illinois
Dept. M-12 510 N. Dearborn St., Chicago, III.

T k T'^TTTC!? I positively guarantee my great
I I 9 M rVi^l Successful "Relief” Compound.

                      Safely relieves some of the longest,
most obstinate, abnormal cases in 3 to 5 days. No harm,
pain or interference with work. Mail $2.00: Double
Strength, $3.00. Booklet Free. Write today.

   DR. B. X. SOUTHINGTON REMEDY CO.

Kansas City, Mo.

BIG illustrated Book with
descriptions sent in plain
wrapper for ten cents.
BONAFIDE CO.,

Kansas City, Mo.

MARRY!

Dept 58,
762

WONDER STORIES

INCREASE YOUR EARNING POWER

Whatever your job, you will find in EVERYDAY
MECHANICS labor-saving kinks which will help
you to set more work clone in less time and will
bring you recognition from your employers. If you
do machine shop work of any kind, auto repairing,
sheet metal work, electrical work, farming, con-
crete work, carpentering, tool making, poultry
raising, painting, plumbing, masonry, building,
glass work, welding, or general repairing, a yearly
subscription to EVERYDAY MECHANICS Will pay
for itself a thousand times over.

Make Money in Your Spare Time

Hundreds and thousands of amateur mechanics
and spare-time workers are making $10 to $100 a
week EXTRA MONEY by servicing vacuum clean-
ers and washing machines; repairing automobiles,
manufacturing book-ends, lamp-shades, tool chests,
chairs, tables, unique ornaments, concrete articles,
photo frames, flower boxes, and innumerable pro-
ducts in everyday use. EVERYDAY MECHANICS
teaches you HOW to turn your spare time into
MONEY.

Contents

SPACE DOES NOT PERMIT ITS TO PRINT AW* THE
FEATURES IN THE CURRENT ISSUE Of EVERYDAY
MECHANICS. But the following titles will give you some In-
dication of the interesting anil valuable content*:

 Automobiles, Aviation, Chemistry. Construction Work. Electricity,
 Magic, Metal Work. Radio, Photography, Shop Work, Woodwork-
 ing and new devices.

   SPECIAL OFFER
        FOR $1.00

EVERYDAY MECHANICS

98 PARK PLACE DEPT. WS-12 NEW YORK, N. Y.

THE READER SPEAKS

Continued from Page 761

ard Shaw often speak about, themselves, . and gen-
erally they have it rather high opinion of them-
selves, Since no one took the trouble to class Mi.
Shaw with Shakespeare, he did that for himself, au<4
uow people are getting to believe it. Naturally there
is such a thing as modesty but we doubt if Mr. Flagg
overstepped it much. But the question of greatest
import a nee is: was he right? It not he should bo
brought to account.—Editor)

Women Did Not Want to Kill

Editor, WONDER STORIES:

  In reply to Mr. Kirshner’s letter in the August
issue of WONDER STORIES, I wish to say that ev-
erything that Mr. Kirshner said was wrong’. Here ia
my answer to the first. The women did not want t»
kill the men till they had learned how to produce lif»
artificially. The second, Dr. Keller has shown that
gas could not reach the termites, and the bombs were
of no avail. Also the people were not prepared for
any invasion, and so .could not have timo to get to-
gether and fight. Besides, a gun would not have
had any effect on twenty-foot insects. Third: Brunton.
was smarter than Mr. Kirshner thinls. He had other
plans besides killing the dwarfs all at once, also
wanted to study them for a while.

  I close wishing all luck to WONDER STORIES,
and hoping thut I have answered Mr. Kirshner sat-
isfactorily.

Joseph Greenfeld
The Scientific Fiction Library Ass’n

                       1487 First Avenue, ’N. Y. 0,
(We are very glad to note the existence of the
Scientific Fiction Library Association. Such cluba
cannot help but promote a better understanding of
the purposes of science fiction, to gather men and
women in neighborhoods together to read and dis-
cuss storiea ana generally make a happier time of it
for everyone. We wish the Association the best of
luck, and invite them to call on us for &nv help or
advice we can offer—Editor.)

Wants Science Books

Editor, TTonder Stories:

   As a reader of your excellent, stories T have becoma
interested in science, so much so that I would appre-
ciate a list of books on physics and other scienc.es.

  I want especially ones written so that a layman
can understand them—books that deal with rays,
color, heat, light, etc.. Books that will give the sort
of information that you gave to Mr. Aokerman on
page 573 of the Summer WONDER STORIES Quar-
t erTy.

                      D.	V. Wade,

                      129 E. 106 St..

                     New York.

   (An excellent book that covers a general survey of
physics as well as giving a survey of the world, mat-
ter, evolution, etc., is "Modern Science” by J. Arthur
Thomson, published by G. P. Putnam ‘Sons, New
York. This book sells for $3.50.

  Another excellent. book is "Foundations otf tha
Universe" by M. Luckie.sk published Jjy D. Van
Nostrand Company, of Now York. This is part of
that company's “Library of Modern Sciences” series.
We suggest therefore that in addition to these books,
a note be dropped to tfae Van Nostrand Company ask-
ing them for other books that fill the specific needs.
—-Editor.)

Wise and Judicial

Editor, Wonder Stories:

   Congratulations I At last you’ve cut down the -for-
mat of the magazine. Of course, as you say, the con-
tents will be the same, and improvements will be
made to help us all.

  Since the combination of “our” two mags, “Air
and Science.” no move on your part has been so
wise and judicial as the present one. The new
magazine is to be more convenient to carry, more easily
read and handled. I can't wait till I get my ha^da
on it.

  I want to cast my vote for course No. 1 as sug-
gested by Mr. Rosenthal. This course is to keep
WONDER

STORIES

763

THE READER SPEAKS

inuch romance as possible from yo :r magazine. If
you only keep the magazine the	it is, you have

thn right amount, of romance.

  I would like to comment on some of the -stories,
but I can express everything by saving that the
Btcriea are the best kind I have n.d, everything is
done in a top-notch fashion.

  Your authors are wond*-rf .1. G-t •'trr.e more stories
by 11. F. Starzl. He is on? of • • '• • •oming writers.

                       Herbert (ioudket.

                      707 Jarksor. Avenue,

.	2sew York. N. Y.

  (By tliis time Mr. Goudket she- . i u’y hsve his
hands on the new format WONDER .<] ORILS. Drop
■us a line and tell us what you	. u& reports

coming in from the November i-- .• ir. uniformly
favorable, many of the readir: nf r-" - g .»urprise
that the new size could be made 50	—Editor)

    ’* Old Shoes and New Suits
Editor, WONDER STORIES:

  You have received many lprur? :r< old*r folks
telling of their likes and di~1:k-	.r magazine,

jbo I have decided to have a

  I am a high school i-.-nior lo y**r« M. I have
read Wonder Stories for ton.’ \:n.- and have com-
pared it to other science fiction n.»e«i ;,»-s on the
market. There's just as m;;ch -i f- r- :.-e between
them as thrre is between last year's -and a new
suit. 1 have finished reading your October number.
I have compared it with the January 19 30 issue and
1 think that the magazine has improved considerably
in the len issues.

  But there is one thing lacking: I «-i*b you would
have 6ome stories of chemical di‘ . v. r.-s or inven-
tions instead of the usual interjrl*ne’.iiry and time
traveling stories.

  1 would be glad to write to ir.-or... on this subject
whether he or she is older or younger than myself.

                      Francis S. Heighten

                        22	Central Street,

                      Aubarndsle, Mass.

  (Mr. Houghton’s comparison of our magazine with
others is very apt. But he did not explain—which is
which? Are we the old sheet

  One of our authors explained the situation to us.
“Some of the science fiction magazines,” he said,
“read like technical textbooks, or the record of
laboratory experiment*. \nd *ome read like a new
type of Wild West story Bm your magazine is in
between these two types: it his plenty of action and
adventure, yet the action d-t. r becomes cheap. It
has a good background of scivnc* yet the Science
never becomes boring.” We hop* Le is right.—Editor.)
Editor, WONDER STORIEs-.

Sending the Good Word

Editor, WONDER STORIES:

  Personally and in behalf of ‘*TrScienceers," I
wish to thank you for the very kind not oe you gave
our organization in the Novemb-r •.--ue. We can
best show our appreciation by conn-. ■ ur rfforts
to popularize science fiction and its leading represent-
ative, WONDER STORIES.

  Incidentally, “The Scienoeers'’ is raf :iy *es raing
the status of a national organization. A • branch
has been formed in Temple, Texas, by G-*( riel K.rsch-
ner of that. city.

  All our members approve of the recent change in
size, and consider it a great advance. The present
appearance and make-up of the magazine are vastly
fuperior to the former. Marchioni’s illustrations are
excellent.

  The best story of the year, according to a vote
taken by ‘‘The Scienceers,” was “A Rescue from
Jupiter, by Gawain Edwards. Honorable mention
was given to: “The Infinite Brain,'1 "Before the
Asteroids,” “The Land of the Bipos,” and "The In
credible Monstrosity." Remarkable as these stories
were, we are confident that you will surpass them
during the coming year.

                         Allen Glasser,

                        Secretary, The Scienccers. .
                        1610 University Avenue,

New York, N. Y.
f(To “The Scienceers” particularly, wo want to
eend out the good word. We understand that a sequel
to the "Rescue from Jupiter” is on the way, and in
the author’s own words, ‘‘it surpasses The Rescue’ by
(Continued on Page 764)

FREE

RADIO

CATAIOG

Everyone interested in RADIO should have
this Catalog. Solid with “Specials" from cover
to cover. Teeming with values ... every item
a feature. All latest sets and equipment. Screen Grid,
A. C., Humless, all electric sets ... also battery oper-
ated sets and direct current sets. Dynamic speakers,
beautiful consoles, kits and parts. Wholesale prices.
Astounding savings. Get this FREE bargain book today.

Chicago Salvage Stock Store
509 S. State St. Dept. 547 Chicago

 Deautin

 Astoun

■A

   foe, the Craters
   CJ^in the MOON/.

     Astronomical and Terrestrial
     TELESCOPE
     Magnifies 30 Times

Own a genuine Astronomers Tel-
escope. See thousands of miles
away. Make Sun, Planets,

Stars your next door neigh-
bors. Moon Craters. Sun
Spots, Eclipses, Comets,
enlarged 30 times.

Strange thrills I

  Prle#

 Only

  $3.95

         Hours of fun
  looking at sce-
  nery, games, bathing
  beauties.Great for trips
  ! and voyages. Made llko
  telescopes used in obser-
  vatories. Gerdlng wrote,
  "Moon seemed 10 yards
  away.”

See

Landscapes,
Games, Ocean
Scenes, Enlarged
30 Times

Diameter 2 Inches. Speci-
al friction adjustment
for focusing. Adjustable
bracket and clamp can bo
fastened to chair, fence,
branch, etc. Finest ma-
terials. Will last a life-
time.

Five Dajfe’ Free Trial

Bush only $1.00 now. Pay
balance ($2.95 plu3 post-
ace). when postman de-
livers. Keep 5 days,
not delighted, return tel-
escope and money will be
refunded.

 EARN $10 A DAY
 Charge 25o to look at the
 _moon

ROLL-O SPECIALTY CO.,

        Dept. R-333 220 E. 3rd St..
             Cincinnati. 0.

 PATENTS

TRADE-MARKS

 DO NOT LOSE YOUR RIGHTS
 TO PATENT PROTECTION

      Before disclosing your invention to
      anyone send for blank form "Evi-
      dence of Conception” to be signed
      and witnessed.

 LANCASTER, ALLWINE & ROMMEL
 (Registered Patent Attorneys)

  475 Ouray Bldfl., Washington, D. C.
  Originators of forms "Evidence of Conception’*
764

WONDER STORIES

FREE //

Magazine Covers
Beauty
for Practical Use

Read In comfort with your magazine held In the
firm grip of this handsome cover. It Is restful as
a reading stand and much more convenient to use.

Its beauty adds to the neatness and attractive-
ness of your reception room or office. No longer will
your copy of WONDRR STORIES present a tat-
tered or torn appearance if prqtected by this hand-
some and (sturdy cover. Available in colors of
Red, Green, Blue, Brown and Black. Title em-
bossed in gold.

This attractive cover will be sent to each sub-
scriber who enters his subscription to WONDER
STORIES for one year at the rate of ?2.50.

STELLAR PUBLISHING CORP.

98 Park Place,	New York, N. Y.

 Hotel Ludy

SOUTH CAROLINA AVE
AT THE BOARDWALK

*6?° DAILY AND UP

. AMERICAN PLAN

  ATLANTIC CITY'S

NEWEST CENTRALLY LOCATED
FIREPROOF HOTEL

GARAGE ATTACHED
WIRE ■ PHONE. ■ WRITE ft. a. LUDY. ML O.

THE READER SPEAKS

Continued from Page 763

far." Mr. Edwards is author ’of “The Earth Tube”
published by D. Appleton & Co., New York, and we
understand that, the book has received very favorable
reviews throughout the country. It is also a science
fiction story, telling about an invasion of the went by
means of ft gigantic tube bored through the earth.
It is a tremendous theme and Mr. Edwards gives to
it the same realistic yet imaginative treatment that
he gave to “The Rescue from Jupiter."

  The favorable reception afforded the new size WON-
DER STORIES was practically unanimous. Now we
ran continue to go on. as Mr. Glosser says, to “sur-
pass" our stories during the coming year.—Editor.)

Would His Watch Be Slow?

  The publishers of WONDER STORIES are to h»
congratulated upon the improvements made in the
magazine during its second year. The latest issues
were the best we have had, and although I was one of
those who had some misgivings about the “merger"
with "Air Wonder Stories', 1 am not sorry that it
was doue. The paper used is of a better quality,
and the stories are all superior. The one fault I
still find with WONDER. STORIES is in the binding.
Despite the utmost care the covers insist upon coming
off. 1 think the trouble can be remedied by using
more glue, and we would then have a stronger
binding. What has happened to Paul? I find only
two of his illustrations in the entire magazine.

  T Have a little suggestion to make. In the las*
number of each volume print an index of all the
stories, authors, and editorials that appeared in that
volume. That would come in very handy to those of
us who frequently go over some old numbers for
reference. For instance if we wanted to reread or
fin'd- a fact iu .some story by Iiarl Vincent but didn’t
know the name of the story we would look under
Vincent where it would tell all the stories he had
that year. The September editorial could be listed under
“Space-Matter.-’ What do you think of the idea?

  Will you please answer a question which has been
puzzling me for some time. It is on the Fitzgerald
Contraction theory. If n man whose watch was cor
reet traveled at a very fust speed for about a day
at the end of that time would his watch be slow?

                      Allan P. Stern,

                      2995 Lincoln Blvd.,

                       Cleveland Heights, Ohio.

  (The suggestion for an index Is a good one.
believe that something can be done with it. Inasmuch
as the volume ends with the May 1931 issue, we will
have an announcement on it some time before that.

  The whole Liorentz-iFitzgeraid Contraction theory
is much more complex than it sounds. The “contrac-
tions" that take place ere based oi. a motion of ona
body with respect to a body at rest. Inasmuch as we
have not yet discovered any body at ‘absolute’' rest,
the contraction formula is applied ‘o relative motion.
In other words, if the man with the watch is on a
swiftly moving train ^moving with reference to the
track or embankment^, the einb: ukment may also bo
considered to be moving with reference to him.

Now. if he were inoviug very swiftlv, and while in

motion tried to associate his own scale of miles and
minutes with that of a man on tin- embankment, he
would find that his miles were shorter and his min-
utes longer, iu other words his watch would appear
to be slow.

  Yet if the man on the embankment were to hav© a
watch and associate hi* miles and minutes with those
of the man on the train, his own miles would appear
to be smaller and his own minutes longer and hit
watch would appear to be slow. But when the motion
of the man on the train ceased and the two meu
^•ere once more at rest with each other their watches
would read the same.

  Dr. Breuer in his “Fitzgerald Contraction” did not
really mean that in actuality people would travel

(Continu'd, on Page 765)
WONDER STORIES

765

THE READER SPEAKS

Continued from Pcgt 764

 through several hundred thousand years in a few
 minutes. They really traveled (or several hundred
 thousand years; but their t-.ror with reference to time

  outside would appear to mi>vf ver\ sk»wly.

  The important tiling to r- m'Tn'-'-r when speaking
  cf contraction in the theory of nUr.vity !S> that either

 body may be considered to b- th** on- to be moving
 and contracting with referenc* to :fce other, and that
 the contraction is uot actual bu: apparent.—Edilvr.)

8TATtMENT OF THE OWNERSHIP. MANAGEMENT,
  CIRCULATION, ETC., REQUIRED BY THE ACT OF
  CONGRESS OF AUGUST 24. i» 2.

  Of WONDER STORIES p.
 N. Y-, for October 1, 1934.

 State cf New York	}

 County of New York

   Before me. a NoUry P
 County aforesaid. per-n t ..
 having been duly -n,.m .
 that he is Die Btulnus Maoai
 and that the folio* in t
 belief, a true staiem*
 a daily paper, the i-o
 tlon for the date •»-
 Act of Auguet ii. II’i- •=
 and Regulations, wsr'.r! t

1. That the	uM *'

 managing editor. « . -

   Publisher: Sul.-ar Pi* fUrg
 New \ orh.

 :Jy at New York,

      sr.-I for the State and
 'itt-.j Ir*lng Manheluer, who,
 *w. desposi-a and says
 I - WONDER STORIES,
 -	of his knowledge and

  r:r.ip. management (and if
  cf the aforesaid puhllca-
  k>-r? caption, required by (he
  ! in -ertion 411, Postal Laws
  .•-•-r.*. 0f this form, to wit:

       of the publisher, editor,
          are:

C«rpcratlon, 98 Park Place,

    Editor: Hu>ro Gern-bae* Jo> P»rk l‘t*-'r, New York.

   Managing Editor. D»«: -a «•- • J-»rn Flare. New York.

     Business Manager. lrriz* Mawheimer, Park Place,
 New York.

   2.	That the w»: -> • 1! :»r"->3 by a corporation, its
  name and address a---:	i 1 also immediately there-
  under the name.- and i :r*«v* cf •-rkbolders owning or hold-
  ing one per cent t v-•* .* - a! amount of stock. ir not
  ewned by a corpora t;-n - r.tt -i .rd addresses of the in-
  dividual owners uiu-t l*■ r.-r- if —»nrd by a firm, company,
  or other unincorporated :r . -an:*- and address, as well
  as those ol each indicium. sotxr. must be given.)

   Stellar Publishing t >n- r» er r»rk Place. New York.

   Hugo Gernsback. S>> l’»-a r. Nrw York.

    Sidney Uerftsback. '.•> l'.rlc i’* New York.

   I). Manlieimer, 98 Park i —• »« York.

   3.	That the	known tor, ’• mortgagees, and other
 necurlt.v holders	owning or ..r; 1 per cent or more of
 total amount of	bonds, mor:t»„--. or other securities are: (If
 there aru none,	so state, j

    Is'one.

   £, That the two paragraphs rvtt above, giving the names
  of the owners, stockholders, Jt. ■ •luritjr holders, if any, con-
  tain not only the list of st«*ki.	and security holders as
  they appear upon the books of the company but also, in cases
  where the stockholder or security r appears upon the books
  of the company as trustee or in anr oihrr fiduciary relation,
  tho name of tho person or corporation for whom such trustee
  is acting, is given; also that the -aid two paragraphs con-
  tain statements embracing affiant's fuil knowledge and belief
  as to the circumstances and conditions under which stockholders
  and security holders who do not appear upon the books of tho
  company as trustees, hold stock and securities in a capacity
  other than that of a bona fide owner: and this affiant has no
  reason to believe that any other person, association, or cor-
  poration has anv interest direct or indirect in the said stock,
  bonds, or other securities than as so stated by him.

   5. That the average number of copie* of each i3sue of this
  publication sold or distributed, through the mails or otherwise,
  to paid subscribers during the six months preceding tho date
  shown above is (This information is required from daily pub-
  11 catont only.)

                        IRVING S. MANUEIMER.

   Sworn to and subscribed before mo this 16th day of Septem-
  ber, 1930.

    (My commission expires March 30, 1931.)

                             HOSELLA BENNETT.

 A new radio thrill for you! Listen in DIRECT to
 London, Paris, Beilin, Buenos Aires and other
 broadcasting: stations throughout the world via
 ■short waves. Enjoy unique foreign programs from
 strange lands. Your ordinary receiver cannot tune
 in these low wave stations. WORLD-WIDE RE-
 CEIVER gets 14 to 550 meter stations with sur-
 prising clarity. SEND NO MONEY! Just write
 your name and address on a postcard and ask us
 to send' you this wonderful guaranteed short wave
 set. Pay postman $6.45 plus a small delivery
 charge. All orders West of the Rockies must be
 accompanied by $1.00 deposit. Foreign countries
 must remit in full. Write today!

CHAS. HOODWIN CO.

4240 Lincoln Ave., Dept. M-150, CHICAGO

  QUIT

TOBACCO

  found it easy toqoit with the aid ol

KEELEY

 No man or woman can escape
 the harmfo 1 effects of tobacco.

 Don’t try to banish nnaided
 the hold tobacco has upon yon.i
 Join the thousands of inrster-1
 ate tobacco users that have
 found it easy toqnit with the aid of th*Keeleyl*eatmenr

                     Treatment For

                     Tobacco Habit

                            Successful For
                            Over 50 Years

         banlBhes jdl craving for tobaeeo. Write today
 ffikg. bow toqolckiy Freeyourself from
 the tobacco habit and our Money Back Guarantee.

 ^ m , THE KEELEY INSTITUTE

DopU L-708	Dwight. Illinois

^Become a Reporter/
m

                Thousands of opportunities for young
 men to enter the Newspaper field.
 Fascinating work. You will meet in-
 teresting people; interview celebrities.
 A famous New York reporter with
 twenty years of practical experience has
 written a whole course of journalism
 and reporting In six easy lesson-. He
 shows you the short-cut to success.
 He tells you what to do and what not
 to do. to become a successful reporter. Send today for
 the "PRACTICAL COURSE IN JOURNALISM.” by
 Henry John Brockmeyer of The New York Evening
 Post. Just drop us a Postal Card—no need to send
 money. We will mall you the whole set of six books
 and you pay the Postman $3.00 plus a few ecnts for
 postage. No more to pay. Money absolutely refunded
 if not satisfied.

PRESS GUILD, Inc.

 16 Murray Street

 Dept. A-1230

 New York

WRITERS

 rcquircmcntsI Advance Royalty Payments,

     PICTURCSl New Talkinr-Picture Song requirements,
              | etc., fully explained is onr Free iultroc-
              i tire book. Writer* ol Word« or Music
              | (or tonst may submit their work for free
              examination and advice. Pait ex-
              perience unnecessary. We revise, compote,
              arrange ramie and Secure Copyrights.
              Oar modern method guarantee* approval.
              Write Today—Newcomer Associate*.
              1678-B Broadway, New York, N. Y.
766

WONDER STORIES

---N

      BOOK REVIEWS

CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS

   Advertisements iu this section are inserted
   at the cost of ten cents per word for
   each insertion—name, initial and address
   each count as one word. Cash should ac-
   company all classified advertisements unless
   placed by a recognized advertising- agency.
   No less than ten words are accepted. Ad-
   vertising for the January 1931 issue should
   be received not later than November 7th.

BOOKS

WONDERFUL MYSTIC BOOK of the Ancients.
Tells how you can live forever. Also reveals the
secret of true happiness. Order yours at once as
supply on hand is limited. Postpaid to you for
$5.00. John Lunsford, 353 E. Las Vegas, Colo-
rado Springs, Colo.

DETECTIVES

DETECTIVES Earn Big Money. Excellent oppor-
tunity. Experience unnecessary. Particulars Free.
Write, George Wagner, 2190-B Broadway, N. Y.

INSTRUCTION

LEARN TATTOOING. Instruction catalog, dime.
Miller, X431 Main, Norfolk, Virginia.

PERSONAL

LONESOME FOLKS! Dandy little ladies, de-
sirable gentlemen, everywhere, will marry. Con-
fidential, reliable. Particulars FREE. Mrs. Budd,
Box 753-S, San Francisco, Calif.

WOULD YOU MARRY??? Your plan—You win—
We win—Thousands Happy Clients, Well-to-do-
members everywhere. Information plain sealed
envelope. The Circle, Middletown, Indiana.

PHOTOGRAPHY

PHOTO-ENLARGEMENTS AT HALF-PRICE —
5 x 7—25c; 8 x 10—40c; 16 x 20—$1.50 Glossy or
dull finish. Other sizes proportionate prices. Send
negative. Stamps accepted. Send for circular.
Charles, 210 Chestnut St., Camden, N. J.

PRINTING OUTFITS & SUPPLIES

PRINT YOUR OWN cards, stationery, circulars,
advertising, etc. Junior Press $5.90, Job presses
$11 up, Power $149. Print for others, big profit.
Easy rules furnished. Write for free catalog
and full information. Kelsey Co., R-65, Meriden,
Conn.	____

SONG POEM WRITERS — "Real” proposition.
Hibbeler, D153X, 2104 Keystone, Chicago.

Big Magic Set $1.00

Contains ITlagic U?and, Obe-
dient Eqq. tllarblc and Uase
Trick. Pencil and Loop Trick.
Hindu Beads. Uanisher, Card
Trick, Complete Instructions
and our 64 paqe Illustrated
Catalog prepaid $1.00_

SCIENTIFIC NOVELTY CO.

98a Park Place, N. F. City

THE WORLD IN 2030 by The Earl of Bir-
 kenhead, 208 pages, stiff cloth covers, size
 5Vn x SVz. Published by Brewer and War-
 ren, New York. Price $3.00.

  It is rare that a man in such a distinguished po-
sition as the lato Karl of Birkenhead occupied will
risk his time and reputation on prophecies of the
future. Men of eminence are Quite satisfied with
themselves, generally, if they can guess accurately
the events of the coming year or two, without at-
tempting to predict the occurrences of the next cen-
tury.

  The present book has a great deal of interest in
that it represents an opinion of the world of 100
years henoe, of neither a writer nor a scientist but
one of the most eminent of the English Conservatives,
and a leader of the English Bar. The author admit-
ted in his book that a better scientific background
would have aided him immensely in his task: but it
is evident that he has wisely made up for his own
shortcomings by consulting authorities in the fields
he wrote about.

  To readers of science fiction the book should have
n peculiar interest, for it will enable them to check
the predictions of science fiction authors with that
of one of the sanest., most conservative men of tha
day. Science fiction does not Buffer thereby—in fact
the late Earl may be suspected of having dipped
liberally into men like Wells, Verne and Edward
Bellamy, and pei-haps others known more intimately
to readers of WONDER SIQHIL’S.

  Conscious all the time of the critical appraising
eyes of his contemporaries on his work, the Karl
wa/> content to stick doso to the predictions that
are quite conservative. . In many of them, it strike#
the reviewer, he does not make use of a sense of
time values, aud the changes that should occur over
the next fifty years, he places as oocurring in not
less than a century. Some of his conclusions ara
worth quotation.

  Speaking of war in 2030. he sees great masses of
mechanically operated engines, such as tanks, con-
trolled by wireless. “Hence," he goes on to 6ay, "tho
contending armies of tanks may be able to go into
battle entirely unmanned; and the issue of the day
will be decided by two men, each of them directing
his country's entire armament."

  A completely synthetic diet is a probability of the
next century. ‘‘Synthetic foods will be cheaper, moro
palatable, moro various, perhaps more hygienic than
their predecessors. Bv the year 2030, synthetic
bread, sugar and vegetables may bo cheaper than
water today."

  Like Henry Ford, the Earl sees that at last relief
from burdensome toil is in sight for the laboring man.
“It will not bo often that his one day a week will bo
made laborious by specially hard work; superintend
ing the operations of giant machines of two hundred
years hence will be supremely easy and supremely
dull."

  He foresees loo. a world in which science and sci-
entific thought will dominate the minds of the masses
of the people, "as thoroughly au Koman Catholic
thought dominated the Middle Ages." We will bo abl§
to use scientific judgment in casting our votes on
great national problems, and advertisers will use ft
real established science of psychology to compel us
to buy their goods pictured in their hypnotic adver-
tisements.

  We will be less emotional than we are now, in fact
“judged by our (present) standards, the man and
woman of 2030 will seem harsh aud unemotional."

  On the question of interplanetary travel the Earl
is quite discreet. He is sure that by 2030 attempts
to reach the other planets will have been made, and
that several expeditions will perish before one suc-
ceeds. Yet the perils are such that he personally
did not wish to risk himself on a trip.

  We sec through the eyes of the author, a world
in which many of our problems, economic, social and
industrial will have been solved by the scientist. Man
freed from toil will devote himself in his leisure to
intellectual pursuits. By cooperative effort war may
be averted, but if it comes it will probably bo less
awful than the last. It will probably come to a quiok
and devastating end, but the conquerors will be wise
enough not to cripple too much the man aud indus-
trial power of the defeated.

    w5^:iB^,,riari^ar^afr*lri^ar‘,

RADIO ENCYCLOPEDIA

'A *Oo///	of Facts

IST)TSPENSABLE RADIO REF-
ERENCE BOOK — Contain* over
1.930 definitions — 549 photographs,
drawings, diagrams. All radio cir-
cuits described and Illustrated. THE
ONLY BOOK OF ITS KINDI Beau-
tiful Keratol binding—stamped In
gold—finely printed—size 9x12 Inches
—168 pages—over 25,000 sold. Spe-
cial price, $2.00. Sent C.O.D. In *

U. S.: Foreign and Canada, 52.35
cash with order. Money back It not
satisfactory. ISKOR PRESS. INC.. J
19 Park Plaee,	New York. /

SONG POEM WRITERS
WONDER

STORIES

767

BOOK REVIEWS

 THE DAY OF THE BROWN HORDE by
  Richard Tooker, 309 pages, stiff cloth
  covers, size 5x7%. Published by Payson
  and Clarke, Ltd., New York. Price $2.50

  Novels dealing with the struggles of prehistoric man
on our earth are quite rare, possibly becaus. they need
for their writing a combination of qualities not often
found in one man. For that reason, the present book
is quit* welcome.

  Mr. Tooker gives us in this story of a ?av*ge tribe of
troglodytes who inhabited California at “an unnamed”
date a story not only of human struggles against nature
but also the greater struggle of a race against its en-
vironment;

  It is in his ability to make his half human charac-
ters real and associate them with u* and our own
lives that gives this book such a gripping quality. We
find here in the childhood of cur ra'-» ‘be signs of
heroism, self-sacrifice, yielding to saprrMition. rising
above circumstance—a pictorial Mody of the seeds of
humanity.

    There are catacylsmie upheavals in which man hows
down before the great brut' forces of nature, and on
the other hand in the motb- • * n-.»r«thon through a
forest to a new refuge in r r»rv*n uplands - we get
a dynamic account of tl.- ;o**r <i will over physical
difficulties and natural obi

  The book has both ar, -pi.-a! nrwp and a personal
poignancy. It is heartily r-:c mitended.

 THE PURPLE CLOUD by M. P. Shiel, 290
   pages, stiff cloth covers, size 5% x 7%.
   Published by Vanguard Press, New York.
   Price $2.50

  Mr. Shiel wrot* and published this strange scfence
fiction story in 1901. It is rather a tribute to it, there-
fore, that the publishers saw fit to revive it in a day
when many of the ba«*s of the story have been de
etroyed by the march of science. However it is a good
yarn, well told, many of its sections gripping one with
a feeling of inutterabta d--spair. and even transmitting
lo the reader part of th« madness of the solitary hero,

  An expedition sets out for the North Pole to win a
prize of $175,000,000 10 the first man to set foot on
the pole. Naturally this is before the day of the air-
plane, and the expedition fights the elements with
schooner, dog and sled. Our hero leaving behind his
fiancee who has admonished him to “Win for me"
leaves his companions in the dead of night, near the
pole, and make the final dash alone. He returns to
find » dead world, people, sitting or reclining at their
usual occupations struck dead by some mysterious force.
Newspaper clippings and other records reveal that a
purple cloud of cyanogen gas had gradually spread
over the earth to gather all living things into its death-
ly fold. The chapters by the wav that recount the
scenes found by tlip heTO as he makes his way from
the Pcle back to London, are the beet of the book.

  Alone in the world, with corpses on every band,
madness gradually seizes him. He works for seven-
teen years to build a palace of gold and a great laki’
of wine, and then abandons his work to rush off to
China, for he has a feeling that a living being still
exists there. But at the end he does find a young girl
alivo and they create a new race.

  There aro touching, ironical, bitterly satirical as well
as penetrating scenes in this strange book. Many of
the passages however are drawn out unduly long, but
as a whole the book holds one’s attention; and for
science fiction fans it is certainly worth reading.

RADIO BARGAINS

Low Power Transmitter adaptable for phone or code. With

plug-in colls -----------------------------------------$14.75

Auto Radio—T ses 3 224 Screen Grids, 2 227 tubes, and
1 245 power lube, single dial, tremendous volume. Com-
pact. Fils any car. We guarantee this set to perform

better than sets selling up to $130.--------- 20.00

B Eliminator. Hone Dry with 280 tube, J80 volts, will

operate up to ten tube set, fully guaranteed--6.75

AC—A B C Power Packs--------------- 8.75

Tubes: UX type, 30-day replacement guarantee. No. 210. $2.25:
■No. 250, $2.35: No. 281, $1.85: No. 245. $1.25; No. 224, $1.25:
No. 227. 75c: No. 226, 65c: No. 171. 75c.

CHAS. H00DWIN CO.

4240 Lincoln Ave.	Dept. M-15	ChleafiO

 Outdoor Jobs

Get Forest Ranger, Park Ranger or Game Protector job; $140-
$200 month; vacation; steady jobs patrol .forests and parks;
protect game. Qualify now. Write for full details.

DELMAR INSTITUTE. Dent. B-40, DENVER. COLO.

life of yonr

coat and vest with perfectly
matched pants. 100,000 pitta

Every pair hand tailored to yobr measure; no
refcdymadea.” (

               Our match sent FREE for yoor
O. K.'before pant* are made. Fit guaranteed.
SMd piece of cloth or veat today.

 ,______._„.JWlT.TERllJNIT

1OO'

SKINDERVIKBN MICROPHONE BUT-
TON—Powerful Speech and Phonograph
Amplifier—Detectophone, etc., etc. One
unit 95c—two, 11.75, with 12-page book-
let of experiments. Sent C. O. D. in
U. S.; foreign—cash with order, PRESS
GUILD, INC.. 16 Murray St., Dept.
A-1230, New York, N. Y.

“2™!' STOP TOBACCO?

                            Banish the craving for tobacco aa
                            thou8andshave._Make yourself free

w

                           and happy with Tobacco Redeemer.
Not asubstitute, not habit forming.
Write for free booklet telling of in-
JnrlouBeffectof tobacco and depend-
able, easy way to relieve
the craving many men have.

Newell Pharmacal Co.

Dtfft. ,928 Clayton, Mo.

LONELY HEARTS

              LET na arrange a romantic correspon-
              dence for yon. Meet yonr sweetheart
              thro the world’s foremost high-clasa
              ooeial correspondence club, a club for re-
              fined lonely people. Members every

 ____________j CONFIDENTIAL, efficient and dignified

 service. We have made thousands of lonely people
 happy, why not you? Write for FREE Particulars
 EVA MOOT1E. BOX 908. _ JACKSONVILLE. FLA .

I	HAVE A SWEETHEART FOR YOU

T1 A nPTTVT^C! Write for Free Guide Book,
JrAltllMln “HOW TO OBTAIN a PAT-
ENT’ and Record of Invention
Blank. Send model or sketch and description of your
invention for our Free Opinion whether it comes within
Patent Office Rules. RADIO and ELECTRICAL Cases
a Specialty. Prompt, Efficient Service.

PAYMENT OF FEES IN INSTALLMENTS
VICTOR J. EVANS & CO.. 923 9tb, Washington, D. C.
768

WONDER STORIES

700 YEARS HENCE!

MR. HUGO GERNSBACK, Editor of WONDER STORIES, herewith presents in book
form his famous story—RALPH 124C 41-L —a romance of the year 2660. This story
originally ran in MODERN ELECTRICS, one of Mr. Gernsback’s magazines; there are
only a limited number of copies of this book available at present. This book is the fore*

runner of all modern science
fiction stories and contains
more novel ideas, more future
Illustrated by Paul	inventions (some of which

have already come true) than
any book of its kind that has

300 Pages	{ ever. been published. It is

science fiction plus. A pion-
eer in the electrical and

radio field, Hugo Gerns-
back has a profound
knowledge of the subjects,
coupled with a finely
trained and highly imag-
inative mind. This un-
usual combination has
enabled him to fore-
shadow with almost
unbelievable accuracy
some of the more re-
cent developments.
His earlier predic-
tions, which have
appeared from time
to time during the
past decade in
many newspapers

and magazines, are
now realities. Every
prophecy ia based
on accurate scienti-
fic knowledge. His
ideas are no more
fantastic than tho
realities and com-
monplaces of our
everyday life
would have been
to our great
grandfathers.

So many WON-
DER STORIES
readers have
asked us if this
story can still
oe secured in
book form., that
We had a lim-
ited number re-
printed. as the
book was out
of print.

 ❖

IF YOU ORDER AT ONCE
MR. HUGO GERNSBACK
WILL AUTOGRAPH
THE BOOK FOR YOU

The book is illustrated throughout by Paul, the
well-known artist. There are quite a number of
these famous illustrations. The book is large sisai
7% in. x 5*4 in., beautiful cover, bound in regulation
linen, with a 4-color jaoket. There are 3fl0 pages.
We urge you to order this book at Onoe as it prob*
ably will not be reprinted again for many years.

AVIATION PUBLICATIONS

245 Greenwich St, New York, N. Y.

rnmmnmmmmmmmm COUPON

AVIATION PUBLICATIONS,	WS12

245 Greenwich Street,

New York, N. Y.

Gentlemen:

Enclosed find $2.00, for which please send me
prepaid one copy of RALPH 124C 41 -I-. this
book to be autographed by Hugo Gernsback.

Name ..............

Street ..............

ntv and state
  Get into a Dignified Profession!

Become a full-fledged chemist!

Unlimited Possib ties!
Fascinating Work!
Immense Opportunities!

 PrrvfCw* Liptfitwct

 Net Needed

\

                      C^OBStrr

 Laboratory Ortftt Free

                           H ? V10 A L

                                 \ch •$
                                 i :hc

                                 sbiuct

                           Wirt

 We C*1* ""eacH You

 At Hc««e

                                      old

                             Y«rii. inc. I
                             * Y.	I

. IIF If FA D OF OUR STAFF IS DR.
. O CONOR SLOANE, scientist, en-
.•• • r and author of wide repute. He
r ad more than fifty years of teach*
i experience. Our course fits you for
Muiliate position in a chemical lab-

   •	anil you do not have to give up
 what you are doing now to learn it.
 I' evenings and week-ends you can
 rk i! borne on the fascinating ex peri-
 and the delightfully simple but
 iprehensive lessons. A personal tutor
 is always ready to help you over difticul-

 •	- and to answer all your questions.
 M -s( important of all—the teaching you
 receive is practical. You can actually
 use this knowledge to make money, as
 thousands have done before you.

More Money in Chemistry
Than in Any Other Business

  CHEMISTS ARE WELL-PAID
JfE.V Not only will our training help
you to net a better job, but a worth-while
start on a new level. You can patent the
v, k of your hands and your brain, and
perhaps make millions of dollars on a
new chemical discovery.

   Every day the newspapers and maga-
 zines are full of news items reporting
 new chemical diScoveriis--in mining, in
 electricity, in food-
 stuffs, in sanitary
 and medicinal ap-
 pliances. in paper-
 making, r u b b e r,
 steel, iron, dye-
 stuffs, textiles, in
 fact in every well
 known industry —
 and behind each of
 these discoveries
 stan d s a well-
 trained chemist
 who knew how to
 take advantage of
 opportunity!

  No Exaggerated Claims

  THE INSTITUTE DOF.S NOT
i f.Al M that every chemist makes mil-
lions. n"r do we guarantee that you
wilt immediately net a job paying $10.-
i i i ,i year. But many have done it,
;i:•. 1 there is no reason why you can not

T. OConor Sloane
A B . A.M.. Ph.D..
LL.D.

 do it too. Often enough you read or
 hear about men who have found the
 road to fame, fortune, position, anil the
 highest recognition, from small, incon-
 spicuous beginnings, and you wonder
 how they got the ‘‘lucky break.” Why
 you wonder yearningly, couldn't you be
 such a "lucky" fellow? Fon can 6.■—
 but you have to meet luck half way.

!Wh

    at These Students Have
: Done You Can Do I

» "Since I have been studying with
J yaur school I have been appointed
I chemist for the Scranton Coal Co..
} testing all the coal and ash by pro'.n-
i mate analysis."—Morlais Couzens.
f "/ also have some news for you.

•	I have been made assistant chemist
f for the ccucern I am working for.”

•	—A. (j. Delwarte.
1 “/ am vow cleaner and dyer for
i the above named company. Sly sal-
I ary is almost double :chat it was
i w/teit I started the course."

                  —E. II. Lasater
f “If it weren't for yo'ur course I
\ wouldn't have the job I’ve got note.”
i	—George Daynes.

i “Since beginning your course of
J study t have received an increase
in my pay check, and as I progress
f my work becomes lighter through a
; better understanding.— M. (». Cole.

rj.

    Get Started Today I

IF YOU WOULD T.1KF. TO KNOW
MORE ABOUT CHEMISTRY, and if
you are sincere in your desire to get out
of the tread-mill of job anxiety and
wage dependence, if you have ambi-
tion enough to want to become a chem-
ist. and perhaps a famous one some day.
you will not wait until tomorrow to find
out how to go about it.

  MAIL the coupon at your left today.
There is no charge and no further
•jhligaiitin. You will be simply asking
us to write you about something that
you want to know of.

CHEMICAL INSTITUTE OF NEW YORK, INC.

19 Park Place Dept. W.S.-1230 New York, N. Y.
 MEN?

Get Yom* Copy of MyNCW Book
   \llCUA fin

  How to £et a good
  job in the Radio
  Industry

  ,Hundreds of Jobs paying *50.*60.*75.*100
  i' a week are opening in Radio every year.

                                , J l SMITH. Prt>

                                        LI MATiONAl. frAilO I'ftTiTUTC

^	If you an* earning n penny loss than $50 n

              tin**** mril linw week, solid for my b->ok of information on
  >|10-V\c a	men now 0I)p0J,1II,itiR9 iu Hadio. It irt free. Radios

to ect Din AV<i/|OuS*llkc/m,.<'4’ amazing growth is ranking hundreds of /inn
                   '	jobs every year. My biwk shows you where

                                these jobs are, what they pay. how I can
                                train you at home in your spare time to be
                                a Radio Ex|>ert.

                        Tou have manr|ob«toehooi« from

                                   Broadcasting stations use engineers, opera-
tors, station managers and pay $1,000 to
$5,000 n year. Manufacturers continually
need testers, inspectors, foremen, engineers,
service men, buyers for jobs paying up lo
$15,000 a year. Shipping companies uso
hundreds of operators, give them world-wide
travel with practically no expense and $115 to
?1?00 n month besides. Dealers and jobbers
are always on the lookout for good service
men, salesmen, buyers, managers and pay $'iO
to $100 a week for good men. Talking Movies

Kjy as much as $75 to $-00 a week tomen with
adio training. There are openings almost
everywhere to hove a spare time or full time
Radio business of your own—to l>e your own
boss. Hadio offers many other opportunities.
My book tells you about them.

New 8 Outfits give you Extensive
Practical Radio Experience

                              With me you not only get the theory of
Radio—you also get practical Hadio expe-
rience while learning. You can build over
100 circuits'—build and experiment with
tho circuits used in Atwater-kent, Majes-
tic. Crosley, Eveready, Stewart-\S arner,
I’hilco, ami many other sets. These experi-
ments include A. C. and screen grid sets,
push pull amplification and other late
features. When you finish my course you
won’t need to lake "any old job" just to
gift experience—you will be trained and ex-
]>eriencod ready to take your place along-
side men who have been in I lie field for years.

Buck view of 5-
tube A. C. screen
grid tuned Hadio

frequency set —

only one of many
circuits you
build with

parts I give
out

Seldom under Sioo a
Week

" My earnings in Radio are many
times higger than I ever expected
they would be when I enrolled. In
Novemlier 1 made $577, Decem-
ber $645, January $465. My
earnings seldom fall under $100
a week. I merely mention this lo

five you some idea of what u
tadio man cun do who has tho
training."

          E. E. WlNBORNE,

 111! W. 48th St., Norfolk. Ya.

        in jrour Spare Time

Hold your job until you are ready for another.
No need to leave home. All 1 ask is part of
your spare time. I have doubled and tripled
the salaries of hundreds through my practical
home-study training. You don’t have to he a
high school or college graduate. My course
is written in easy, simple terms that most
anyone can understand.

   My Course Include* Talking
Movlei, Wired Radio, Television
My course is up-to-date with Radio's latest
uses and improvements. It includes Radio’s
application to Talking Movies. Television
and homo Television experiments. Wired
Radio. Radio's use~in Aviation, in addition
to fitting you for many other lines.

   Money Back If Not Satisfied
I will agree in writing to refund every |>enny
of your luilion if you are not satisfied with
my Lesson Texts and Instruction Service
when you have finished my course. This
agreement is backed by the Pioneer and
World's Largest organization devoted entire,
ly to training men and young men by mail,
for good jobs in the Radio industry.

   Find out what Radio offer* you
Get My Book
This book gives tf>e facts on Radio's oppor-
tunities and the many features and services
of N.R.I. training. It gives 100 letters from
students who lun* proved that rny methods
are successful, llet your Copy today. There
is uo obligation.	,

            J. E. Smith, ['rtsident
        National Uadio Institau*. Dept.ON 7S
        W ashington. D. C.

$3000 a Tear In Own
Business

" T cannot «ive N. R. 1. too much
credit for what I have been ahle
to do in Radio. I can safely soy
that I averaged $.'5000 a year for
the past three ye;irs. I am in tho
Radio business here. Any man
who really wants to advance can-
not an wrontr in Radio. There is
t-ertainly a lack of trained men."

Fred A. Niciiois.

P. O. 11 ox -07, Eatou, Colo.

    J. E. SMirn. Presitlrnl.

   National Radio Institute. Dept.fiN 73
   Washington. I>. C.

   Dear XIn. Smith:—Send in- your book.

    I want to see. vvlmi Radio offers and
    what you offer in Hadi<< training. Thw
    request docs Uot obligate me iu any-
    way.

 A time................

......

LifetimebnploijmeniService lo all (jradiiaks